Chapter 254

Chen Ze didn't know whether to laugh or cry at the conflict between the two, but he couldn't let the conflict between the two continue to escalate, so he told Li Mu to hide from Lin Lin for the next two days, and he would look for her to mediate. When the SugarClub shareholders met in two days, he would mediate on the spot and try to turn the page.

Li Mu didn't say much, and since Chen Ze said so, he didn't have any opinions.

After sending Du Wei off, Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan drove away. Zhang Kexuan drove Li Mu back to the National People's Congress, and the two made plans to have dinner with Chen Wan the next day. Zhang Kexuan drove away.

Li Mu got out of the car at the entrance of the National People's Congress, but he didn't go back to his dorm. Instead, he crossed the bridge to Yucheng Garden. The first thing he did when he got back was turn on his computer to write a proposal. This proposal was to be shown to Baidu. The name of the proposal was: The Separation of Easy Hearing and Tieba, and the Development Strategy after the Separation.

It was time to "invite" Baidu out of Makino Technology.

While Li Mu was busy writing the proposal, Lin Lin drove a Benz to the Central Conservatory of Music and saw her brother, Lin Chu, at the school gate. Lin Chu had only been kicked once, and he couldn't bear to wipe off the big footprint on his chest. He was waiting for Lin Lin to show him.

The huge footprint was very eye-catching, and it was very glaring to Lin Lin, who doted on her brother a lot. She gritted her teeth and asked, "Where is Li Mu?"

Lin Chu said, "That grandson ran away with a friend of his."

Lin Lin asked, "You didn't stop him?"

Lin Chu looked down. "How could I dare to stop him? There were two of them, and they were both half a head taller than me."

Lin Lin asked, "Who kicked you?

Was it Li Mu? "

Lin Chu said, "No, it was his lackey."

Lin Lin asked again, "What did he look like?"

Lin Chu shook her head. "He was wearing a mask, so I couldn't see his face."

Lin Lin immediately took out her phone and called Chen Ze. As soon as the call went through, she went straight to the point. "Chen Ze, if you don't find that bastard Li Mu in half an hour, we won't see each other again!"

Chen Ze awkwardly consoled her over the phone, "Linlin, it's just a small misunderstanding between you and Li Mu. Let's just talk about it. We're still friends in the future …"

"Who's friends with him!"

Lin Lin said angrily, "If you don't find him, then I'll go to the National People's Congress to find him myself!"

"Calm down, Linlin," said Chen Ze hurriedly. "Why don't you tell me where you are and I'll find you now? We can talk about this matter face to face. What do you think?"

Lin Lin immediately said, "Then come to the entrance of the Central Conservatory of Music within 20 minutes!"

"Alright, I'll be there in 15 minutes!"

…

In this plan, which Li Mu called a strategic plan, he decisively wanted to split Easy Listening Network and Tieba. He wanted to leave Tieba in Makino Technology and then re-register Easy Listening Technology. After splitting Easy Listening Network, the previous shareholding structure of Makino Technology would be moved to Easy Listening Network. In other words, overall, the shareholding ratio of everyone would not change. The change was from holding shares in Makino Technology to holding shares in Makino Technology and Easy Listening Technology.

The actual impact of this kind of split on shareholders was almost zero. However, the most important thing was the shareholding ratio before the split.

In other words, now that Makino Technology was going to be split into two companies, how should the hardware, human resources, and funds in the account be distributed? The distribution method given by Li Mu was: Makino Technology's current team would remain in the divided Makino Technology, 70% of the operating funds would be left, and the remaining 30% would be given to Easy Listening Technology for team expansion and daily operations on Easy Listening Network.

Tieba was originally much more valuable than Easy Listening Network, so this distribution method was reasonable.

The most important thing was Li Mu, the absolute shareholder,'s strategic plan for the two companies after the split.

Li Mu first proposed in the plan that all shareholders had to make a capital increase before the split. The capital increase was based on the shareholding structure, with a total of 20 million in cash. 70% of this 20 million would be left to Makino Technology after the split in the future.

Then, it was the development plan after the capital increase. Li Mu's plan for Easy Listening Network was very simple: Set up a new team, do a good job in daily maintenance and operations, spend money appropriately to buy some traffic, and ensure that it was always in the first position of the listening website.

In addition, Li Mu also made a bold prediction about the future development of the MP3 market: With the continuous popularization of MP3 hardware in the future, users would gradually eliminate the existing tape recorders, Walkmans, and CD players, and turn to the convenient and fast digital music. Therefore, in the future, online listening and MP3 downloads would be a huge market. Li Mu even boldly estimated that in the future, MP3 searches would account for at least 20% of Internet users' searches.

This sentence was specially written for Baidu. When Baidu saw this sentence, if they seriously thought about the possibility of this sentence, they would have a great chance of "inviting" them out of Makino Technology.

In order to dispel Baidu's concerns, Li Mu also specifically analyzed the feasibility of the entire Internet MP3 listening and downloading from the loopholes of the existing laws. After his analysis, he came to a conclusion: Now was the best time to do digital music without any cost, so Easy Listening Network was destined to have a bright future.

After writing the plan for Easy Listening Network, Li Mu started another paragraph and began to write his "bold plan" for Tieba.

Li Mu's first sentence was already very scary. He felt that in the future, Hao123 would become the king of traffic, and it would become the only way for the majority of netizens to surf the Internet. Therefore, Hao123's future development was very promising, and it might even become the lifeline of the domestic Internet. Therefore, Li Mu's plan was to wait for Tieba to become independent, then immediately start advertising and attracting investors. He would use the advertising fees and the cash flow after the capital increase to create a new Hao123.

Li Mu purposely overestimated the value of Hao123 and purposely showed his enthusiasm for Hao123. This was to let Baidu realize that it had run out of ideas. Although Hao123 seemed to have a lot of traffic now, its profitability was very average. Moreover, its future profitability was foreseeable by the Internet veterans. It would definitely reach a bottleneck, and the height of this bottleneck would not be very high.

The people of Baidu understood Hao123 very well. Hao123 was the same as Baidu. It was a traffic entrance, but it was not a place for traffic to settle. Users would only be transferred there, and both of them lacked the ability to retain users. If they could not retain users, they would not be able to dig out the potential of their users. It was precisely because of this that Baidu put in so much effort to create a series of products such as MP3, Tieba, Know, Library, Encyclopedia, and so on. Therefore, the current Baidu should clearly know the true potential and value of Hao123.

The reason why Baidu would acquire Hao123 in the future was that it wanted to integrate this traffic overlord and increase Baidu's traffic. On the other hand, it was also to prepare for its listing in the United States. However, if they were asked to create a Hao123 on their own now, they would definitely not be interested.

Li Mu's intention was to make them disagree with his plan. When that happened, Baidu would definitely send someone to negotiate with him and try to convince him to give up on the idea of creating a navigation website. However, what he needed to do was to use his absolute controlling capital to stubbornly go ahead with this decision.

Li Mu's plan to build a navigation station was also very ambitious. His goal was to build it in early 2002, and he wanted it to surpass Hao123's traffic by October 2002 at all costs. It was basically an impossible task.

However, Li Mu was very confident in his plan. Now that Tieba had users and traffic, it could be used to transfer traffic to the navigation station. Although this would only solve a small part of the problem, the rest could be spent on advertising revenue and cash flow. He could buy traffic from everywhere, and he could also find major software companies to build it in. It would not matter if he did not have enough money. He could start Series B financing in the first half of next year. If all else failed, he could still increase the capital. In short, he would not stop until he reached his goal.

In the end, Li Mu used a long paragraph to express his high hopes for the navigation station. He even firmly believed that once he could create a navigation station that could surpass Hao123, Makino Technology would definitely become one of the top internet companies in the country once the navigation station and Tieba were combined.

It was almost ten o 'clock at night when the entire plan was written. Li Mu sent the plan to his email and prepared to give Tan Yaocheng a call tomorrow for a face-to-face discussion. When the time came, he would show the plan to Tan Yaocheng and see how he would react.

That night, the news broadcast did not broadcast the leader's inspection of 3321. Instead, it was scheduled for the evening news broadcast at ten o 'clock. Tan Yaocheng had just finished a meeting at the company. Makino Technology's investment was quite successful. The big boss and the investment bank behind it were very satisfied. Today, the investor had specially sent a director over to give Baidu a signal during the high-level meeting: Makino Technology's future development was very good. The investor hoped that Baidu could be more proactive in future financing activities and help Baidu obtain more shares. The ultimate goal was to become a controlling shareholder of Makino Technology. To achieve this goal, the investor was willing to provide sufficient funds.

The investor from Silicon Valley even said that if they could become a controlling shareholder of Makino Technology as soon as possible, there was hope that Baidu could be listed on NASDAQ in early 2003. This plan surprised the senior management of Makino Technology. The earliest they planned to list on the stock market was the end of 2004. That was because they were still exploring the bidding model and the profit model was not clear enough. Three years was already a relatively optimistic estimate.

After the meeting, the senior management of Baidu was very excited. All they could think about was how to use the capital to slowly take over Makino Technology. Tan Yaocheng dragged his tired body home. He did not even bother to change his shoes. He just lay on the sofa and did not want to move. He repeatedly pondered this problem in his mind, but he could not come up with any solution.

The key was that Li Mu was not easy to deal with. He was the youngest internet genius that Tan Yaocheng had ever seen. He was extremely business-minded and difficult to deal with.