Chapter 1195

Gao Dewei agreed to Li Mu's cooperation plan without any hesitation and authorized Taobao exclusively to sell Honeywell's online products in Hua Xia.

Before meeting Li Mu, Gao Dewei had learned about Taobao and had a very clear understanding of Taobao's current platform size. Currently, any business distributor that wanted to establish a perfect sales network in Hua Xia had to pay a high cost of manpower, material resources, and time.

Only Taobao could help companies establish an Internet-based sales network that could cover the entire country in the shortest time possible. More importantly, Taobao not only had a large traffic flow and sales volume, but it also had its own logistics system. With Taobao logistics, not only did it greatly improve Taobao's coverage, but it also improved the efficiency of online orders.

Li Mu also promised Gao Dewei that he would establish an official Honeywell Taobao flagship store on Taobao and give Honeywell enough promotion resources.

Based on this, Honeywell also had to give Makino Technology enough room to make profits. The agreement between the two was that Li Mu's purchase this time would be directly based on Honeywell's shipping price with a 50% discount.

The 50% discount made Li Mu feel extremely happy. He almost blurted out that he would double the order. However, after calming down, Li Mu only reached a basic cooperation intention with Gao Dewei for the time being. He did not change his current order from Honeywell during this meeting.

After all, he had not talked to the person in charge of 3M. Li Mu did not know what kind of cooperation terms 3M could give him.

Compared to Honeywell, Li Mu hoped to get the network distribution rights of 3M in Hua Xia. 3M's product line in the 2C market was much better than Honeywell's. Getting the exclusive distribution rights would also benefit Taobao in the future.

In the afternoon, Li Mu met the person in charge of 3M, George Barkley, in his office.

As a manufacturing company with a history of a hundred years, 3M had countless proud histories. However, compared to Makino Technology, an Internet company that had been established for less than two years, the market value of 3M with a history of a hundred years was less than half of Makino Technology's market value.

The Internet industry indeed contained countless possibilities, which was why George Barkley came all the way to meet Li Mu. In the stage of the Internet's vigorous development, any traditional company hoped to be able to hitch a ride on the Internet.

With the experience of communicating with Gao Dewei, Li Mu pushed the rhythm of the conversation a lot faster when communicating with George Barkley.

As soon as they arrived, the two of them exchanged greetings before Li Mu immediately threw out his new request. He said to George Barkley, "Mr. George, I'm actually meeting you today with two different identities. One is the CEO of Makino Technology, and the other is the CEO of Taobao Technology. Therefore, I'll first talk to you as the CEO of Taobao Technology about my idea of cooperation between Taobao and 3M."

George Barkley was shocked by Li Mu's words.

The market value of 3M was less than half of that of Makino Technology, but Li Mu still reminded himself that Makino Technology was not the only company behind him. There was also the Taobao website that had not received any financing.

It was said that if Taobao website opened up for financing and included Taobao Logistics and Alipay in the territory of Taobao website, its valuation might be even higher than that of Makino Technology. Therefore, the total market value of the company behind Li Mu was likely to be more than 60 billion US dollars.

George Barkley, who was shocked, did not have any dissatisfaction with Li Mu's words. Instead, he said very politely, "Mr. Li, we also hope to be able to establish a close cooperative relationship with the two outstanding companies, Taobao and Makino Technology. Therefore, if you have any intentions, please feel free to tell us."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "First of all, I hope that 3M can authorize the exclusive network agency rights in Hua Xia to Taobao website."

"Exclusive network agency rights?"

Gao Dewei was not the only one who did not understand. It was also the first time George Barkley had heard of this concept.

Li Mu immediately explained the meaning of this concept to Gao Dewei. Gao Dewei immediately understood and confirmed with Li Mu, "Mr. Li, if 3M gives the exclusive network agency rights in Hua Xia to Taobao website, it means that during the authorization period, only Taobao online sales platform is qualified to sell 3M's products online, and no other platforms are qualified, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right. During the cooperation period, we will set up 3M's flagship store on Taobao website, and we will be in charge of all the operations. We promise that we will not transfer the source of goods to offline sales, and we will not have any direct conflicts with your offline agents."

After a brief pondering, George Barkley nodded his head and said, "Okay, Mr. Li, I accept your cooperation proposal. Please appoint a person to connect with us later, and I will also arrange for someone to connect with us. Let's get them to complete the connection as soon as possible."

As he spoke, George Barkley continued, "After the connection is completed, I will arrange for the person-in-charge in China to hand over all the product information that has been translated into Chinese to Taobao. The shipping price of all the products will be the same as the shipping price of our national agent."

Li Mu did not expect George Barkley to be so straightforward, and his execution was also so strong. He had even started to sort out the details of the cooperation. Li Mu could not help praising, "Mr. George, you're indeed swift and decisive. With this efficiency, I believe that the cooperation between 3M and Taobao website will be very close and smooth in the future."

George Barkley smiled and said, "Mr Lee, 3M has grown to where it is today not only because of our products, but also because of our attitude. Taobao is Hua Xia's largest online sales platform. With such a good partnership opportunity, we naturally have to prioritize it."

Speaking up to this point, George Barkley added, "Mr. Lee, I've previously understood the rules of Taobao's self-management. The process of Taobao's self-management is to purchase, store, and then sell online, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right."

George Barkley smiled and said, "In this case, we can first provide Taobao with products that do not exceed 50 million USD. If the sales volume is high, this amount can be increased. It's very flexible."

Li Mu could not help but look at George Barkley in a different light. As the saying goes, a person like George Barkley was too perceptive. When he saw someone yawning, not only did he know how to pass a pillow, but he also knew how to make the bed. It was really worry-free to talk about cooperation with such a person.

Therefore, Li Mu also said straightforwardly, "In that case, let's connect as soon as possible. I'll urge the relevant person-in-charge of Taobao to complete the store and the products as soon as possible."

George Barkley shook hands with Li Mu and said with a smile, "I hope that we can have a pleasant cooperation with Taobao Technology this time."

"A pleasant cooperation!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "George, let's talk about the idea of cooperation between Makino Technology and 3M now."

George Barkley sat up straight and said hurriedly, "Please go ahead."

For George Barkley, cooperating with Makino Technology was his biggest request when he met Li Mu this time. After all, Taobao could only cover Hua Xia. It basically had no influence on other countries and regions. On the other hand, YY was different. YY had users all over the world. Basically, all users who used the Internet used YY. The number of users was even higher than Google. What 3M needed was such a global partner.

Li Mu said, "Currently, Makino Technology is trying to operate our advertising resources in a way that does not harm our users and is mutually beneficial with our partners. As a multinational company, 3M's product line has mostly sunk to the retail side, so there must be a huge demand for global promotion resources. Therefore, there's a supply and demand basis between us. Based on this, I have a relatively well-formed cooperation plan, and I'd like to see if 3M is interested."

Li Mu's words struck a chord with George Barkley. As the CEO of 3M, his biggest focus was on the front-end market. It was easier said than done, so George Barkley attached great importance to a potential partner like Makino Technology.

The reason why he came all the way here was that he hoped to reach a marketing cooperation with Makino Technology. However, he also knew that Li Mu had never done any marketing for any company before. The only time he promoted Spielberg's movie "Cat and Mouse" was once, and it made him the champion of the North American box office. Countless companies dreamed of cozying up to Makino Technology because of its strong advertising and conversion ability, and he was no exception.

Before he came, he was worried that Li Mu would reject him. However, he did not expect that Li Mu would take the initiative to extend an olive branch to him before he even asked for it. How could he not be excited about such a good thing?

Therefore, George Barkley could not hold back his excitement and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, we're also looking forward to cooperating with Makino Technology. If it's convenient, please tell us about your cooperation plan."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "It's like this. We have a YY personal show now, and there are many kinds of costumes in it. In addition to normal costumes, we can introduce a variety of alternative costumes such as masks, masks, gas masks, protective clothing, and so on. If 3M is interested, we can use this to do product placement for you. In other words, we'll make your products cartoonish and put them in YY together with the brand logo.

"In addition, we have plans to add a cartoon image of the weather assistant in the next version of YY. This image will appear in the weather plug-in of every YY user. If the user clicks to check the weather, they can see a cartoon image of the user's gender. This image will give different dressing tips according to the weather."