Chapter 1724

For a TV station like Xiangnan Satellite TV, the foundation of everything is based on the word ratings.

m.

The main income of the TV station comes from advertising, and the level of advertising income depends entirely on the ratings. The higher the ratings, the more valuable the long advertisements.

In addition, the performance assessment of the leaders of the TV station is also closely related to the ratings. How much money can the staff behind the scenes in the TV station earn and how much fame can they achieve depends entirely on the ratings of the TV station.

As for how to improve the ratings, in most cases, there are only two ways.

One is to increase the ratings through movies and TV series, such as "Princess Pearl" and "Meteor Garden", which are all super popular shows that have emerged on the TV screen in recent years. As long as they get the broadcasting rights, they will definitely earn ratings.

However, the probability of a movie or TV series becoming a hit is not high, and even if it becomes a hit, it may not be exclusive to them. Sometimes the exclusive broadcasting rights of a hit are taken away by competitors, which will also have a negative impact on the TV station. After all, most families only have one TV screen. If they watch other people's, they naturally can't watch their own.

The second is to improve the ratings through variety shows. Xiangnan Satellite TV's "Happy Camp" has always been the pillar of variety shows in the station, and its ratings are very high. However, one variety show is not enough, because the general variety show only has one episode a week, and one episode is only about two hours long. Therefore, if you want to rely on variety shows to pull up the ratings, you must have at least two or three variety shows.

At least from Friday night until Sunday, these three days of primetime must be lined up. As long as you win these three primetime slots, the advertising income will be enough to make a fortune.

Now, in the eyes of the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV, they have "Happy Camp" and "Life Longing for". If they can add "Super Speed Forward", it will be a perfect combination.

The three shows were scheduled from Friday night all the way to Sunday night, with two hours of prime time every night. Moreover, the three shows had completely different styles. One was a celebrity variety show that was recorded in a studio and focused on comedy and entertainment. The other was an outdoor reality show that was recorded in a farm in the suburbs and focused on warmth and leisure. The last one was a fast-paced, high-intensity, and intense reality show that was recorded all over the country and even around the world.

Such three programs are really active and quiet, leisure and excitement. If it really succeeds, the national audience from Friday to Sunday will be firmly controlled by Xiangnan Satellite TV in the three prime evenings.

However, it's not easy to do "The Amazing Race" well. Xiangnan Satellite TV has never done this kind of program with frequent switching of exterior scenes and extremely fast pace. This has very high requirements for the production team. According to preliminary estimates, such a program needs to be shot in a city alone, at least dozens of seats are needed. Each of the six groups of guests needs several seats to follow up. In addition, a large number of fixed seats are also needed for various means of transportation and mission sites. The entire shooting, logistics and coordination team will be very large.

This was like having a regiment commander command an army in battle. Being flustered was secondary; the biggest problem was whether or not there would be a situation where he would lose control.

Moreover, if such a show was done well, it could have a long life. Therefore, the first season was especially important. The higher the first season's success, the higher the chances of success in the future.

Therefore, Xiangnan Satellite TV did not dare to start rashly. They hoped to be able to cooperate with Li Mu's Makino Image and tie a powerful booster rocket in advance.

Chen Wan helped Xiangnan Satellite TV get a lot of resources from Li Mu, so as soon as the intention to cooperate with Li Mu was born, the leadership regarded Chen Wan as the best candidate for negotiation.

Chen Wan naturally did not refuse the arrangement of the station. She called Li Mu as soon as the meeting ended.

Li Mu heard on the phone that Chen Wan was coming to Yanjing to talk about cooperation with him. He immediately agreed happily and said with a smile, "What kind of cooperation is there? You can bring the contract directly and I will sign it for you. But when you come, you have to apply for a few more days and come to Yanjing to accompany me."

Chen Wan smiled shyly and said, "Do you still need me to accompany you, a busy person?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I was very busy a while ago, but it's okay recently. I don't need to leave Yanjing for the time being, but I should go to the United States in a while."

"Going to the United States again?" Chen Wan asked in surprise, "Why are you going to the United States so frequently these days?"

Li Mu said, "There are plans to buy several car brands from Ford. One of my partners over there will soon meet with Ford. If things go well with him, I will go to the United States to talk to them."

Chen Wan said, "It's not a problem to apply for a few more days, but the key is that the station is not letting me go by myself this time. There is a director and several of his subordinates with me."

"It doesn't matter."

Li Mu said, "When the time comes, we can talk about it as we should. The process is normal. You just have to come."

"Well."

Chen Wan's face was slightly hot, and she said in a low voice, "We will go there early tomorrow morning. If you have time, arrange for an interview. If you don't have time, the day after tomorrow is fine. We can wait."

Li Mu said, "Then tomorrow at noon, I will arrange a welcome banquet, eat and talk at the same time. In addition, you don't have to book a hotel, I will arrange it here. You tell me how many people will stay and how many rooms you want."

For Li Mu, Chen Wan brought her colleagues over, so he must arrange the scene in place. This is not only to give Chen Wan face, but also to let Xiangnan Satellite TV know how much importance he attaches to Chen Wan, so that these colleagues, because they work with Chen Wan, will be honored.

Chen Wan also knows Li Mu's intention, but the relationship between the two is already so close, she will not be polite with Li Mu.

… …

The next day, Chen Wan and five colleagues took a nine o 'clock flight to Yanjing.

Li Mu asked Makino Technology's motorcade to send several business cars to the airport to meet them.

Because Makino Technology has a very deep cooperative relationship with many five-star hotels in Yanjing, Li Mu directly arranged for them to stay in a five-star hotel closest to Makino Technology. At the same time, he asked the catering department to prepare a box for the six people.

At about 11: 30, Chen Wan and her five colleagues arrived at the hotel. They first went to the room to put down their luggage and rest for a while. At 12: 30, according to Li Mu's arrangement, they came to the high-end box of the catering department.

Li Mu arrived at the box with Li Ziwei, Ning Hao, and the two people in charge of Makino Image ten minutes in advance.

When Chen Wan finished touching up her makeup and came in with her five colleagues, Li Mu stood up for the first time and greeted them warmly.

For Chen Wan's five colleagues, it was really flattering to be invited by the world's top entrepreneur and tycoon. At least they could brag about it to their relatives and friends for a year or two.

Li Mu greeted everyone warmly. Chen Wan introduced them one by one. Li Mu also introduced the colleagues he brought with him. Then, both parties sat down and drank a few glasses of red wine before they got down to business.

Because it was at the dining table, Chen Wan's colleagues were embarrassed to talk about work directly. It was still Li Mu who started the conversation first. He asked Chen Wan, "Sister Wan, you said that you came to talk about a variety show collaboration with me. What kind of collaboration is it? Can you introduce it to me first?"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "Director Wang has been following up on this show. Let Director Wang introduce it to you in detail."

Director Wang hurriedly said, "Li Zong, then let me briefly explain it to you."

"Please go ahead, Director Wang."

"This time, we want to make a domestic version of the show with reference to the American show 'The Amazing Grace' …"

With that, Director Wang introduced the whole plan to Li Mu in detail.

After listening, Li Mu immediately nodded in agreement and said, "I think your idea is great. Now there is a lack of a variety show that can really run, make trouble and get high in China. The form of this show can fill in a blank."

"The Amazing Grace" could be said to be the beginning of competitive reality shows. Looking at the later episodes, such as "Running Man" and "Extreme Challenge" were all variations of this type of program. The program's tenets were: First, strong competition; Second, outdoor recording; Third, changing location every episode; Fourth, extremely fast pace.

If "The Amazing Grace" is done now and the audience is used to this style of show, then it will be much easier to be a running man in the future. At least the audience has similar experience and will accept it more easily.

Moreover, Xiangnan Satellite TV wants to integrate the first season of "The Amazing Grace" into the panda tourism route, which is exactly what Li Mu wants.

This is a good opportunity for mutual benefit. Although it seems that Xiangnan Satellite TV may be more advantageous on the whole, this is a matter of you earning one thousand and I earning six hundred. It is a good thing on the whole, and there is also Chen Wan's face here, so there is no reason to refuse.

So, Li Mu asked the question he was most concerned about: "Director Wang, have you talked to the original company of" The Amazing Grace "?

Have you got the copyright authorization? "

Director Wang was stunned, and then said, "I don't think we need authorization for this, do we?

We will learn from their program format and make some slight modifications. There should be no problem. "

Li Mu immediately shook his head with a serious face and said, "In the future, we may come into contact with a lot of overseas variety shows. If we open the precedent of plagiarism, the future domestic variety market will inevitably be full of infringement, so I suggest that we must regulate copyright. First of all, starting with us, we must have a clear and clear copyright authorization chain. In this way, other TV stations will be afraid to do similar things in the future. Otherwise, once someone opens the precedent of infringement, everyone will be used to it."

Li Mu has been working on the regularization of copyright, so if Xiangnan Satellite TV is not going to get the license of "The Amazing Grace", then he will never do it. Otherwise, if it gets out, it will be tantamount to Makino Technology fighting piracy while jointly infringing with Xiangnan Satellite TV. He will never do such a thing.

Director Wang also remembered that Li Mu has been fighting for copyright, and hurriedly said, "Li Zong is right. This is our negligence. Well, we will definitely communicate with the original company in the United States and get the copyright. You don't have to worry about this. Let's talk about the specific cooperation and leave the copyright to us."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Since it's a joint production, the cost of the copyright naturally has to be borne jointly. You guys go and talk to the original author's company. I believe it'll only cost a million US dollars to get the copyright. For a long-lived variety show, this amount of money is really nothing. The title sponsorship fee is several times that."