Chapter 1100

Before Li Mu appeared, the media reporters had already surrounded the huge automatic sorting system and took a lot of photos.

In the eyes of most of the reporters, this set of modern automatic sorting equipment had an indescribable high-tech industrial feel. They couldn't wait to see the situation of this automatic sorting machine in operation. They couldn't wait to see countless parcels being quickly sorted by this system and then quickly sent to where it was supposed to go.

Of course, what they couldn't wait to see the most was Li Mu, who hadn't appeared in front of the media for several days.

In their eyes, Li Mu, a talented young man who first conquered the entire Western world with his strength and charity, and then took 3.3 billion US dollars from the pockets of Western capital, was the perfect epitome of the future of this country and its people. This time in the West, he won considerable attention and respect for his motherland. As media reporters, they deeply felt this.

Every foreign reporter of a media company would definitely mention Li Mu when they chatted with their overseas counterparts. Any Western media person would not hesitate to praise Li Mu. While they praised Li Mu, they also had a good impression of Hua Xia, who cultivated Li Mu, hatched Makino Technology, and hatched 3321.

In comparison, Boss Ma also had such a strong influence in Western countries in his previous life. However, when all the Westerners saw him, they thought of the Hua Xia market. To put it bluntly, it was money, money, money.

Boss Ma wandered in the Western upper class and was highly valued. However, the real core was that he was a medium for Western businessmen to open up the Hua Xia market.

It could be said that Boss Ma was a mobile entrance to the Hua Xia market. Finding him was equivalent to opening up the Hua Xia market.

That was why Boss Ma had such appeal. When he appeared, a large group of overseas entrepreneurs followed. Even a large group of overseas politicians looked for him for help. From time to time, Li Mu could see news of a senior government official in Europe or Australia asking Boss Ma to help sell lobsters, cherries, and other local specialties. Boss Ma patted his chest and said "OK". In a short time, he could help them dump the goods to Hua Xia market.

Li Mu admitted that this was also one of Boss Ma's skills. However, Li Mu felt that Boss Ma had never been rid of the level of money. Moreover, Li Mu did not agree with many of the views expressed in his speeches. The most ridiculous thing was the statement that he did not love money.

In Li Mu's opinion, the original intention of starting a business was to make money. Although they always packaged themselves in front of the media as being for society, for the country, and for the whole of mankind, no matter how they packaged themselves, they basically started a business for money.

Therefore, Li Mu himself never tried to use hypocritical words to whitewash the original intention of starting a business. Just like he said frankly in his speech at Harvard, his goal at the beginning of starting a business was to make some quick money to pay for his college tuition and improve the economic conditions of his family at the same time. That was all.

He did not have any lofty ambitions, nor did he have the ambition to help society and mankind. He only wanted to work hard so that his laid-off parents would not have such a hard time. That was all.

Therefore, Li Mu would never say that he did not love money, nor would he persuade young people not to value money too much. On the contrary, he would tell young people that if they wanted to make money, they should think of the idea of making money. If they thought of it, they should act quickly!

No one should ask young people to give up the pursuit of money and consider the illusory problems of the people, society, and even mankind. There was an old saying in Hua Xia that was particularly penetrating. "If you are poor, be good to yourself. If you are rich, be good to the world."

To put it bluntly, without money, one would not even know how to eat, how to marry a wife, how to buy a house, or how to give birth to a child. If one told them not to think about money, but to think about the people, society, and mankind, what else could it be if it was not bullsh * t?

This was also the reason why Li Mu was sought after by the media and young people all over the world. Although he liked to show off, he never talked nonsense. He was sincere and magnanimous!

…

The launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics this time was actually very simple. There was only a half-meter-high stage set up at the scene. The stage was in front of the automatic sorting system's console. There was no background behind it. The entire automatic sorting system was the background. In the center of the stage, there was only a microphone stand. Other than that, there was nothing else.

There was no host for the launch ceremony. Liu Shixiong went on stage to open the ceremony. After welcoming all the media and introducing the background of the automatic sorting system, the scene was directly handed over to Li Mu.

After all, Li Mu was the person that hundreds of media reporters below the stage were looking forward to. All the materials on the scene were meaningless. There were only two real protagonists today. One was Li Mu, and the other was the automatic sorting system from Germany, Berman.

When Li Mu finally appeared, the flashes on the scene suddenly burst out. The continuous shutter sound of SLR cameras was originally like a machine gun. When hundreds of SLR cameras shot crazily, the shutter sound on the scene was almost connected into a line.

Li Mu was wearing a very ordinary black hoodie, a pair of straight jeans, and canvas shoes. He looked quite like a college student. The media at the scene were also surprised by his appearance today. In everyone's impression, Li Mu behaved very maturely in front of the media most of the time. Even if he was not wearing a suit and leather shoes, at least he was wearing a shirt and trousers. Only this time, he really dressed up like a college student.

Li Mu walked onto the stage amidst the applause, shutter sounds, and gazes of the media. He picked up the microphone on the microphone stand and said with a smile, "Welcome, everyone, to the launch ceremony of our Taobao Logistics despite your busy schedule."

There was thunderous applause below the stage. Many female reporters who were crazy about Li Mu were like girls chasing stars, shouting things like Li Mu, you're so handsome, I want to give birth to your children, and so on. The atmosphere at the scene was serious, but also a bit joyful.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Thank you to those bold and unrestrained female reporters just now. I have no plans to get married for the time being, and I'm not planning to be a father so early."

There was a burst of laughter below the stage.

Li Mu then said, "Just now, Mr. Liu has already introduced to everyone that the huge sorting system behind me is one of the six sets of sorting systems that Taobao Logistics ordered from Germany, Berman."

Although the reporters already knew that Taobao Logistics had launched six sets of expensive automated sorting systems in one go, when they heard Li Mu say it so casually, they were still amazed.

Li Mu continued, "Actually, according to my original plan, we hoped that every Taobao Logistics distribution base could be equipped with at least two sets of such sorting systems, so that we could meet the possible increase in our transportation capacity in the future. However, due to financial reasons, we temporarily gave up on the reckless prodigal plan and changed it to the plan of launching six sets first."

The words "prodigal" made everyone below the stage smile and look at Li Mu. They subconsciously felt that although this young man in front of them was very young, the moment he went up on stage, his calmness and his eloquence could attract the attention and recognition of the audience to the greatest extent, allowing them to feel the emotions he wanted them to feel.

Li Mu smiled and said, "But don't worry, for people like me who feel uncomfortable without spending money, it won't be long before we build at least 12 distribution bases and 24 sets of automated sorting systems. I don't have any other strengths, but my biggest strength is that I am a man of my words. Everyone can remember this, and at the same time, monitor me."

The people below the stage smiled, but they couldn't help but be shocked. Not to mention how much money would be needed for 12 distribution bases, just 24 sets of automated sorting systems would cost at least 500 million. Li Mu invested so much in logistics, was he really not afraid of losing money or using up his cash flow?

At this moment, Li Mu smiled and said, "From now on, we will fully develop Taobao Network and Taobao Logistics, striving to further promote the development of e-commerce in our country. As everyone knows, Taobao Technologies is a very socially responsible company. Not only will we promote the development of e-commerce in our country, but we will also do our best to clean up the environment of e-commerce in our country. We will try our best to let this new thing, e-commerce, have a positive and healthy start in our country."

Applause sounded below the stage.

Needless to say, everyone knew about Taobao Network's social responsibility. Not only did they regularly organize charity auctions for celebrity items and donate the proceeds to charity, but they also worked hard to crack down on fake sales. Currently, as long as Taobao Network found a seller selling fake products, they would be severely punished without any leniency. From this, it could be seen that Li Mu was a man of his word, and he was a man of his word.

Li Mu continued, "In the future, we hope that through the efforts of Taobao Network and Taobao Logistics, Hua Xia's e-commerce business will be able to develop faster and more comprehensively. At the same time, we can also set a good example for other e-commerce companies in the country, as well as companies that are preparing to enter the e-commerce industry."

The applause was thunderous.

Basically, every media reporter was a hardcore fan of Li Mu.

At this moment, Li Mu laughed at himself and said, "I'm sorry, we've gone a little off topic."

Although that was what he said, Li Mu purposely talked about cleaning up the e-commerce industry for a reason. This time, so many media outlets were paying attention to him, so he had to mention the issue of fake e-commerce again. However, he did not directly mention the issue of fake e-commerce. Instead, he gave a little guidance. He believed that when the media reported on it, they would definitely associate it with the key point of selling fake products and fighting against fake products. As long as they wrote about this point in the news, the pressure on Boss Ma's side would increase.

Recently, Boss Ma's Le Taobao had been very good because of the batch of fake sellers. In Boss Ma's own eyes, he had taken an unconventional approach and found a way to break out of the encirclement. However, in Li Mu's eyes, he was completely drinking poison to quench his thirst. Now, the biggest problem was, when would the higher-ups implement the demand that he had mentioned before, and introduce laws and regulations or administrative measures against fake e-commerce?