Chapter 4

There was an obvious difference between the English and Chinese exams and the other science exams. The latter only tested the content taught in the textbooks, but the former often had advanced tests.

For example, the Chinese exam would have questions on classical Chinese and even reading comprehension to test the examinee's comprehension level. The English exam would have some vocabulary and grammar that they had never learned before. At this time, the examinee could either rely on advanced learning to deal with it, or rely on their extraordinary comprehension ability to speculate. If only the content in the textbooks was tested, then the language subject would become rote memorization.

Because of the combination of advanced knowledge that was not in the textbooks and the composition question, which was heavily influenced by the marking teacher, it was rare for Chinese and English to get full marks.

In the face of such an English test paper, Li Mu could say without showing off that he could pass the test even with his eyes closed. If he was lucky, he might even get a score of 120 or above.

Soon, the loudspeaker in the corner of the classroom started to play the recording of the English listening test. Li Mu also focused 120% to deal with it. There was no room for mistakes in the listening test. As long as the listening test was done, the rest of the paper would be much easier.

For the current Li Mu, the English listening test for the National College Entrance Examination was so easy that it could be described as crushing. He did not dare to say that his spoken English was very good, but after so many years of studying English and being obsessed with Hollywood blockbusters and American dramas, he had long reached the level where he did not need subtitles to watch English movies.

Therefore, the moment the listening test ended, Li Mu said two words in his heart, "It's done!"

The listening test had a total of 30 points, and he was absolutely confident that he could get all of them.

Immediately after, Li Mu started to do the single-choice questions.

Out of the 150 points, 115 of the questions were multiple-choice questions. However, the multiple-choice questions were divided into several categories such as listening, single-choice, cloze, reading comprehension, and so on. For anyone who had taken the National College Entrance Examination Band 4 or 6, this kind of paper was child's play.

Unlike most middle-aged people who were working, not only did Li Mu not lose his English after graduation, it had evolved into a necessary skill for him. Therefore, his English level was now at its peak.

After finishing all 115 multiple-choice questions, Li Mu felt that if he lost more than three points, he would be ashamed to face the heavens.

Out of the last 35 marks, 10 marks for correcting errors was a standard giveaway, while 25 marks for the essay topic was very characteristic of the times. In 2001, the people of Hua Xia were paying attention to two things. One was that Beijing had successfully bid for the Olympic Games, and the other was that the national football team had advanced to the next round. Especially the former, it was the focus of the whole nation. If I remember correctly, the successful bid for the Olympic Games happened after the National College Entrance Examination. Therefore, the topic of this essay was: If you were an organizer of the Olympic Games, how would you introduce the Beijing Olympic Games to the world?

Before mid-July 2001, Hua Xia's dream of the Olympic Games was still just a dream. Li Mu simply used the experience of his later generations to briefly explain the enthusiasm and expectations of the people of Hua Xia for the Olympic Games. He also made a grand description of the open Beijing, especially focusing on the history, culture, tolerance, and development of Beijing.

Finally, Li Mu even used the slogan of the 2008 Olympic Games, "One World, One Dream", which would only be announced in 2005, to make it his own original work.

Li Mu finished the two-hour English test in one hour. While he was engrossed in writing, the eyes of the male teacher surnamed Wang never left Li Mu. He was angry and wanted to catch Li Mu's weakness. It would be best if he could catch Li Mu cheating, or find a suitable excuse to frame him for cheating. In that case, he could take revenge for what he had done to Li Mu.

However, after staring for an hour, he was disappointed to find that Li Mu was doing nothing but lowering his head to answer the questions. Both of his hands were on the table, supporting himself with one hand and answering the questions with the other. His eyes did not even leave the paper for a second.

After Li Mu finished answering the paper, he quickly checked it twice. After confirming that there were no problems, he got up and handed the paper in at the one-hour and fifteen-minute mark.

Li Mu charged into the exam room like an Asura. With just one sentence, the invigilator who was looking for trouble didn't even dare to let out a fart. Moreover, in just a short seventy-five minutes, he confidently handed the paper in and left. In the eyes of the other examinees, this kind of imposing manner was extremely pretentious!

Li Mu was confident that he performed perfectly in this exam. It was impossible for him to run away with 120 points. If it was any higher, Li Mu couldn't be sure. He could only wait for two days to go back to school and use the correct answers to estimate his score. Maybe he could get even higher.

After leaving the exam room, Li Mu went to the bathroom to wash his face. Although his clothes were still wet, after washing his face, he didn't look so disheveled.

At this moment, the rain had stopped. Li Mu walked out of the Fifth High School building and suddenly slapped his forehead.

The bike was gone. It should still be at the scene of the accident …

Without the bike, it wasn't suitable for him to take the bus in his current state. It seemed that he could only take a taxi home.

Li Mu touched his pocket. Fortunately, there was still a damp ten-yuan note. I'll think about it when I get home first.

After leaving the school gate, Li Mu was about to hail a taxi home. At this moment, a woman suddenly rushed over anxiously. "Li Mu?"

Li Mu glanced sideways. It was a beautiful woman in her early twenties. When he looked again, wasn't this the driver who hit him, Chen Wan?

How did she find me here?

"Are you okay?"

Chen Wan's nervous heart finally relaxed a little. She hurriedly said, "You ran too fast just now, so I had to go back to find your bike. Fortunately, there was a license plate on your bike. I found your information from your school's leader. I came here to find you, but the security guard wouldn't let me in no matter what. I was worried to death!"

Li Mu was stunned. "There's a license plate on a bike?"

Before Li Mu could react, Chen Wan immediately took out a plastic license plate from her bag. On it was written, "Haizhou No.1 Middle School. Seeing this, Li Mu finally understood. This was the license plate that was installed on the front handle of the bike in high school. At that time, entering the school and entering the bike shed required a license plate. Moreover, the license plates were all registered with the school. It wouldn't be difficult for Chen Wan to use this to find him in No.1 Middle School.

"I've already called the Xiling Coal Mine where your parents work. Why don't you go to the hospital with me first and do a checkup?"

"No need, big sister. I'm really fine."

"It's not up to you to decide whether you're fine. It's up to the doctor!" Chen Wan's expression was concerned and anxious.

Since she was so insistent, Li Mu said, "Alright then. I'll wait for my parents to get here and go to the hospital with them."

"How can you do that!"

Chen Wan blurted out. "If there's a problem, it can't be delayed. I've told your parents that I'll come to the exam hall to look for you and take you to the hospital. I've also given them my phone number. They'll call me when they get to the city."

Then, Chen Wan added, "The Xiling Coal Mine is so far from the city, and it's inconvenient to take a car. They won't be able to get here in such a short time."

What she said was true.

Li Mu's parents worked at the Xiling Coal Mine. It was in the countryside more than 30 kilometers away from the city. It was impossible to get a taxi there. Moreover, the condition of the national highway in this era was worse than the county roads of a decade later. The speed of the car was very slow. Usually, it would take his parents more than an hour just to commute.

Looking at Chen Wan's attitude, she definitely wouldn't agree if he didn't go to the hospital. Li Mu also wanted to take this opportunity to get to know Chen Wan better. After all, he had always been grateful to her.

Currently, his family's financial situation wasn't good. The Xiling Coal Mine that his parents worked at had a history of several decades. It was on the verge of drying up, and there were constantly workers being laid off. His parents' monthly income should only be a few hundred yuan. They could only be considered an ordinary family.

After his parents were laid off at the end of the year, the family's finances suddenly became a lot tighter. Their monthly salary was more than 200 yuan, and they were forced to work everywhere.

Back then, the two of them had been working part-time from Li Mu, who had just entered university. If it wasn't for Chen Wan's financial support, with his parents' income at that time, Li Mu wouldn't have been able to finish university.

No matter what, he had to repay her.

She had passed away unexpectedly in 2015. He still had more than ten years. The best way was to get to know her first and then slowly think of a way to prevent her from repeating the same mistakes.