Chapter 935

William Yang's words struck Boss Ma like a bolt of lightning.

He did not expect Amazon, who had been encouraging him to invest more, to reject his proposal.

In the beginning, William, who represented Amazon, had been encouraging Boss Ma to invest more in Taobao. William even quarreled with Boss Ma many times, and their relationship was strained. Later, William realized that he had made a mistake when he lost to Li Mu in terms of advertising. That's how their relationship became better.

Now, the Amazon that had always hoped that they would be able to win the battle was terrified.

The anxious Boss Ma hurriedly asked William Yang, "William, what did your headquarters say?"

William Yang shook his head helplessly. "The headquarters has always hired a third party to evaluate Le Tao and Taobao's capabilities. This authoritative organization has provided a few sets of data. The first is the overall development index. Le Tao is 7.6 points, while Taobao is …"

When Yang Weilian said this, he suddenly hesitated. Boss Ma frowned and urged, "How much is Taobao?

Is it a 10-point system?

If that's the case, Taobao will only get 10 points at most! "

"This …" William Yang was embarrassed. He hesitated for a while and then said helplessly, "Jack, there's no upper limit to the overall development index. Boss Ma's eyes widened and he roared," What kind of bullsh * t data is that?

Based on this data, Taobao is 60 to 70 times more popular than Le Tao?! "

William nodded and said, "To be honest, this company is very professional. Their data is not baseless. First, our Le Tao does not have any turnover, and Taobao's daily turnover is more than 100 million. Taobao is many times more popular than us. Also, Taobao's user base, Alipay's user base, and YY's user base are all important factors for their evaluation. If it weren't for Softbank and Amazon, Le Tao would not even get 3 points …"

Boss Ma was furious. "What did you say?!

3 points?!

Are you kidding me?! "

William Yang said, "The reason why we have such a low score is not only because we have a slow start. More importantly, this organization has evaluated our recent promotion conversion rate. This is a key factor that deducts points. Our registered user conversion cost is nearly RMB 100 per user, which is more than US $10. This is unprecedented in the history of the internet …"

Boss Ma's face turned green.

He gritted his teeth when it comes to marketing.

In the past few days, Li Mu had been promoting Le Tao at the same pace as he did for Le Tao. Instead, he had been doing it more and more aggressively.

Now, the people in China had been brainwashed by Taobao's advertisements. Whether they were netizens or not, whether they knew what online shopping was, they were all paying close attention to Taobao and treating it as the biggest gossip topic in their lives. Now, the three words Taobao had become a hot topic on the streets and on the sofa.

There were many topics of discussion on Taobao. For example:

Taobao's promotion this time is so worth it. What are you going to buy?

How many celebrities did Taobao hire?

How long would this promotion rhythm of new stars appearing on the stage every day last?

Who will be the new celebrity tomorrow?

Taobao's promotion was too aggressive. Taobao was the only company that could find so many singers to endorse in one go. Just this alone gave the public a huge shock and surprise. More than a dozen A-list singers, because of their different genders, ages, and styles, each of them could cover a different age group of fans. With so many stars, their fan groups overlapped and overlapped with each other, almost covering the entire audience.

On the other hand, Le Tao …

Not only did it fail, but it also failed harder and harder …

In William Yang's words, Le Tao's current promotion efficiency was so low that it made people's hair stand on end. This data had a huge negative impact on the overall development index.

Because Le Tao's development index was so much lower than Taobao, Amazon refused to invest in Le Tao. They also did not expect Le Tao's future to be so bleak. When Amazon's headquarters saw the data, they had almost given up on Le Tao. Now, their only hope was to wait for Le Tao's promotion to be launched and see how Le Tao performs. If the market gave Le Tao a death sentence, Amazon will give up on Le Tao.

Boss Ma was in despair.

Without money, it was almost impossible for him to compete with Li Mu. Le Tao was suppressed by Li Mu, and its only chance was to burn money to fight for its future. But if the investors did not agree to it, there was nothing Boss Ma could do.

Boss Ma sat back in his seat and mumbled to himself. "This is Le Tao's only chance. This is Le Tao's only chance. If we miss it, we will never get another chance …"

William Yang sighed and said to Boss Ma. "Jack, I suggest you consider Mr. Sun Zhengyi's suggestion. We are no match for Li Mu in the B2C market. He has strong financial support, so many companies are following him, and he still has a strong logistics system in the future …"

Boss Ma heard William Yang knew about Sun Zhengyi's suggestion, and that means Softbank and Amazon had already discussed and reached a consensus. Boss Ma was the fool. He was naive enough to think that if Softbank did not agree to it, he could convince Amazon to change their mind. Now, it seems like he was dreaming!

Boss Ma suddenly flew into a rage. He slammed the table and shouted, "Don't flatter Taobao! Just look at logistics. Taobao Logistics hasn't even started yet!

I already have three large scale logistics companies in my hands! "

At this time, Boss Ma was facing the biggest setback since he started his business. His way of thinking was close to paranoia. He had lost his normal thinking and judgment. Anger and unwillingness filled his heart.

William Yang said. "Jack, we received information from a third-party evaluation agency. Taobao's logistics and warehousing bases in more than 10 cities in China. Six of the most important bases had gotten the land approved by the local government, and they had started construction. Also, Germany's Berman Machinery had received an order from Hua Xia for six sets of large scale automatic sorting equipment. Based on the current development of Hua Xia's logistics company, only Taobao's logistics company has the ability and courage to order six sets of automatic sorting equipment at once."

"They ordered six sets of automatic sorting equipment in one go?" Boss Ma asked William Yang in shock, "Is this news reliable?"

"Of course."

William Yang said, "Jack, don't doubt the authenticity of this third-party evaluation agency's information. They have a perfect channel to obtain information. This is what they do for a living."

Boss Ma was dumbfounded. He had heard that Taobao's logistics company had purchased hundreds of vehicles at once, and he was shocked by Li Mu's generosity. He didn't expect Li Mu to order six sets of automatic sorting equipment at once at this time. He was simply throwing money at it!

If Boss Ma's thoughts weren't affected by his emotions, he would be a far-sighted person on the Internet. When he acquired the logistics company, he had thought about greatly increasing the logistics company's capacity and efficiency to ensure that he wouldn't fail. Therefore, he had understood the cost of automatic sorting equipment at that time. A set of equipment cost tens of millions, which made him flinch immediately. He didn't even have the thought of buying one to test it out.

What he didn't expect was that Li Mu would order six sets at once, which was worth at least two to three hundred million. Moreover, his Taobao's logistics company hadn't really started yet, so it was an investment ahead of its time.

If Boss Ma was said to be angry and unwilling just now, he was now completely dejected.

He realized that logistics was only a supporting resource for e-commerce. If Li Mu could make such a huge investment in supporting resources, it was needless to say that Taobao would do the same. If he blindly started a price war, Li Mu might immediately take out a few hundred million to fight him to the end. The billions of deposits in Taobao's hands were not a joke.

Therefore, no matter how he looked at it, he wasn't a match for Li Mu at all. Le Tao wasn't a match for Taobao at all …

At this time, the two towers of self-esteem and confidence in Boss Ma's heart began to gradually collapse.

He couldn't help but think about Sun Zhengyi's suggestion. He was gradually influenced by Sun Zhengyi's suggestion, so much so that he himself felt that his ambition was too big. Initially, he wanted to make an improved version of eBay, an eBay that truly suited the habits and needs of Hua Xia's internet users. This was considered a very standard C2C model plan. However, once Taobao went online, it led him astray.

At that time, he saw Li Mu go online with Taobao. On one hand, he used the extremely cost-effective Mango-ME to promote Taobao's trading volume. On the other hand, he was doing a brand day promotion. At that time, he was jealous of Li Mu's development speed. He was also worried that Li Mu's development would be too fast and block his own path. Therefore, he almost subconsciously wanted to trip up Li Mu. Therefore, he acquired three express delivery companies in order to slow down Li Mu's development.

After acquiring the express delivery companies, he was shocked by the 2.683 billion sales of Taobao's brand day. Therefore, he wanted to play the same model as Li Mu. It just so happened that he had three logistics companies in his hands. It was perfect.

Because of this series of reasons, the moment his Le Tao was truly developed, it had already deviated from his original idea. It was dragged into a long development winter by Li Mu.

After all his thoughts were sorted out by Boss Ma, he fell into a kind of extreme pain. He had already clearly realized that he had completely lost to Li Mu in this 929 promotion strategy. If he continued to be stubborn at this time, he was afraid that only death would await him …

Now, the only chance for Le Tao to survive was to obey Sun Zhengyi and Amazon's wishes. He would give up the direct competition with Li Mu and focus on incubating the C2C project.