Chapter 840

Li Mu's mention of the express delivery company made Boss Ma particularly unhappy. However, because of the special situation at the moment, all he could do was to pretend to be ignorant and exchange pleasantries with Li Mu.

Then, Boss Ma played dumb with Li Mu. He said with a smile, "Li Zong, compared with you, Alibaba's business line is worlds apart. A few logistics companies are definitely nothing in your eyes."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Boss Ma is right. A few logistics companies are really nothing in my eyes, so some of their little tricks are just a farce to me. That's all."

Li Mu's tone and attitude always had a bit of disdain, which caused great harm to Boss Ma's heart. However, there was no other way. He was inferior, so he naturally had to lower his head. What's more, Zhao Xianliang and his wife were present today. Boss Ma was very clear that Zhao Xianliang was a person he absolutely could not afford to offend.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang also saw that there was something wrong with the communication between the two. Li Mu's words were a little hostile. It seemed that there was some history between the two.

When Xie Yun, who was next to him, heard Li Mu talk about the express delivery company, she immediately guessed the general situation.

When Li Mu launched the Taobao Brand Day, the three express delivery companies wholly owned by Alibaba all stopped receiving packages without exception. It was obvious that they were making things difficult for Li Mu. Fortunately, Li Mu used his own method to cooperate with the postal EMS, and only then did they manage to survive the peak of the Brand Day.

However, later, Li Mu did not let Alibaba off the hook during the TV interview. After he downplayed the matter in front of the media, Boss Ma immediately became the target of public criticism in the industry. Many people criticized him behind his back.

This was something that happened on the internet. The reason why Xie Yun knew about it was because she paid special attention to Li Mu. On the other hand, Zhao Xianliang was completely clueless about this matter.

Boss Ma just wanted to leave this place as soon as possible, so he said a few polite words to Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun, and then left in a hurry.

When he left, Boss Ma didn't greet Li Mu. This was the only way he could express his protest to Li Mu.

As soon as Boss Ma left, Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but ask him, "Li Mu, do you have a grudge against this Boss Ma?"

Li Mu shook his head and faintly said, "Uncle Zhao, I don't have any grudges with Chairman Ma. It's just that our businesses are relatively similar, so we treat each other as potential competitors."

Zhao Xianliang nodded gently and didn't ask further.

After leaving the private room where Li Mu was, Chairman Ma couldn't calm down for a long time. He didn't immediately return to his private room, even if Sun Zhengyi was still waiting for him in the private room. Instead, he walked to the corridor on the side of West Lake, crossed his arms, and faced West Lake with a solemn expression.

Boss Ma was a person who held grudges. Anyone with a little analytical ability could see through some of his words and actions after he became successful in his later life. Those who had embarrassed him, even after ten or twenty years, would still use his own methods to get back at him. Today, Li Mu successfully made Boss Ma remember the new and old grudges about him in his heart.

Boss Ma swore in his heart that he would do his best to develop Le Tao. It didn't matter if he couldn't defeat Li Mu for the time being. As long as he could make Le Tao develop continuously, one day, Le Tao would surpass Taobao and step on Taobao!

One day, he would surpass Li Mu in all aspects. He would let Li Mu know that it didn't matter if he looked down on him today, but sooner or later, he would yield to him!

After making the oath, Boss Ma turned back to the private room and continued chatting with Sun Zhengyi with a smile, as if nothing had happened.

The two chatted for a while, and Sun Zhengyi's expression suddenly became serious. He said, "Jack, the biggest task for Alibaba now is to make Le Tao go online. I don't think you can delay this matter any longer!"

As he spoke, Sun Zhengyi stuttered in very non-standard Chinese, "Hua Xia, there's an old saying that the arrow on the bow has to be released!

If Le Tao doesn't go online, I'm afraid I'll drag myself to death. "

Boss Ma sighed. "Director Sun, I also want to go online as soon as possible. It's not a good time to go online during class. Li Mu just met with the leaders of the Economic and Trade Commission not long ago. We still don't know what requests he made to the Economic and Trade Commission. Maybe the Economic and Trade Commission is planning something big. If we go online at this time, and the Economic and Trade Commission and Taobao make some big news that will shock the whole country, Le Tao will be sacrificed for nothing."

Sun Zhengyi said, "But dragging it on like this isn't a solution. How about this, give me the latest time to go online, so I have a plan."

Boss Ma thought for a while and said, "Director Sun, we'll definitely go online in the fourth quarter of this year!"

"The fourth quarter …" Sun Zhengyi frowned slightly. "This time frame is too broad. If we really go online in November or December, I don't know how many unforeseen events will happen in such a long time."

As he spoke, Sun Zhengyi used the tone of an experienced person to advise Boss Ma, "Sometimes you can't be afraid of the slightest thing. Taobao has been online for a long time. You didn't dare to go online because of its current popularity, but have you ever thought that Taobao will never lack popularity in the future? If you keep waiting, you'll still have to go online under the halo of Taobao. If that's the case, why don't you just go online in the morning?"

Boss Ma was suddenly a little worried.

He didn't expect Sun Zhengyi to be so impatient. He wasn't like this in the past. When tens of millions of US dollars were invested, he basically didn't ask about how he would use the money, how he would plan it, and how he would develop it.

But now, he kept urging him to go online as soon as possible. He was so impatient that it seemed like he had a very strong desire to go online.

Thinking about it carefully, what he said made sense. Taobao was very popular and had no competitors at all. If he didn't go online because he was afraid of its popularity, then it would still be a long time before it became popular. Maybe it would become even more popular in the future. If that was the case, if he wanted to wait for a suitable opportunity to go online, it would be like a silly dog waiting for sheep eggs. He didn't know how long he would have to wait.

Moreover, Sun Zhengyi was the biggest investor in Alibaba. Boss Ma could offend anyone but Sun Zhengyi. Therefore, after considering these points carefully, Boss Ma made a promise. "How about this, Mr. Sun. In September, no matter what, I will find an opportunity to log into LeTao.com."

Sun Zhengyi nodded with satisfaction. "That's good!"

As he said that, Sun Zhengyi knocked on the table with his knuckles, looked at Boss Ma and said, "Jack, you are a celebrity. Hua Xia has a lot of strategic wisdom since ancient times. One of them is to play to one's strengths and avoid one's weaknesses. There are so many types of e-commerce and so many possibilities. No matter how good Li Mu is, he can't finish them all. Since that's the case, why not give up the idea of competing with him head-on and change the angle? Avoid his strengths and develop according to his weaknesses?

In this way, even if the momentum of development is slow, at least for a long time, Taobao can't do anything to you. "

Sun Zhengyi's words gave Boss Ma a lot of inspiration.

At that moment, Boss Ma's brain began to work at full speed. If he went online in September, what would be his biggest advantage?

One would be the many small and medium-sized enterprises on his B2B platform and their sources of supply. The other would be his three express delivery companies. As for the online payment channel, he had already negotiated the interface of the banking system. Basically, he could go online at any time.

Compared to Li Mu's advantage, this advantage was indeed negligible. However, Boss Ma's mind had changed at this moment. He no longer hoped to find an opportunity to directly pull Taobao down from the throne of the domestic e-commerce industry. He decided to bear the humiliation, bear the burden, and endure hardships in order to gain courage. He would repair the plank road in the open, but secretly in the dark.

In other words, after Taobao went online, he absolutely had to avoid direct conflict and competition with Taobao. He had to choose the blank areas of Taobao and focus his energy on differentiated competition with Li Mu.

Isn't Taobao mainly focused on electronic products with low customer prices?

Alright then, I'll do daily necessities with low customer prices.

Taobao could sell billions of electronic products in a day. Perhaps in the future, Taobao could sell billions of daily necessities in a day.

Although the difference in customer prices was huge, the market space was definitely not inferior to electronic products!

Boss Ma was extremely excited after he figured this out. Daily necessities!

I'll do daily necessities!

I'll have a meeting tomorrow to adjust my strategy!

I'll position Taobao as an ecommerce platform specializing in daily necessities. It'll be a clear difference from Li Mu's Taobao. No matter what, I must first find a foothold in the ecommerce field and stand firm on this foothold!

Li Mu didn't know what Boss Ma was thinking at the moment. He quickly forgot about Boss Ma and focused on eating and drinking with Zhao Xianliang and his family. At this moment, Liu Shixiong had just flown from Jinling to Yanjing. He had just signed a large purchase agreement with Jinling Iveco and a long-term cooperation memorandum. For a long time in the future, Taobao Logistics would purchase light trucks from Iveco to solve the express transportation between the branch cities and the main cities.

In addition, the heavy cargo trucks ordered from Scania, Benz, and other companies had also entered the stage of boarding and transportation. Within a month, the trucks would be picked up at the port of Jinling City.

This time, Liu Shixiong rushed back to Yanjing at night. The main reason was that he had poached several middle-level managers from foreign companies. These included the backbone of companies such as Procter & Gamble, Unilever, and Wilmar International. They had all negotiated employment agreements with Taobao and had all arrived in Yanjing. They were ready to start working at Taobao the next morning.

Because Li Mu attached great importance to daily necessities and food, he believed that this was the most important aspect of online shopping in the future. He had always hoped that Liu Shixiong could open up the market in this area. Therefore, Liu Shixiong specially rushed back before these people started working. He hoped that they could play an important role at Taobao as soon as possible.