Chapter 936

Li Mu felt that time had slowed down as he waited for the 929 rush.

In fact, there were only a few days left, but it felt like a long time had passed.

Two days before the rush began, the consular officers from the US embassy came to the Makino Technology employees to apply for visas. Such an awesome treatment made everyone in the company excited.

Originally, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to prepare the materials and apply for a visa. They had to wait for the embassy's review before notifying them of the visa. Now, the US embassy skipped the review and waiting process and went directly to the office. This showed how much importance they attached to Makino Technology.

The US embassy meant that as long as one was an official employee of Makino Technology, they could apply for a US business visa. The visa would be valid for half a year, and there was no need for a visa to be renewed. As for the middle and senior management, they could all apply for an L-1A visa, which gave them more freedom.

The US was a very interesting country. Its values were very different from those of Hua Xia people. This was extremely obvious in the visa application process. For example, in the early 21st century, many famous domestic stars might be rejected when applying for a US visa. However, Xie Tianxiao, who played underground rock music, could easily get a US visa when he was poor. Furthermore, the visa application process was green-lit. The reason was that Xie Tianxiao had been featured in Rolling Stone magazine and was an artist recognized by the authorities of the US.

It was said that the consular officer had said to Xie Tianxiao, "You are an artist recognized by the authorities of our country. You are welcome to perform in the US anytime."

It could be seen that for a consular officer, the recognition from the country was far more useful than other visa application materials.

Makino Technology was currently a local Hua Xia company that was praised by various authoritative media and magazines in the US. Not only did it establish a US branch company, but it also invested in the US Internet company PayPal. This alone was enough to make the consular officers look at Makino Technology in a different light. Moreover, Makino Technology had received a business invitation from eBay. eBay was also a very famous Internet company in the US. Therefore, the embassy and the consular officers had a very good impression of Makino Technology. That was why they gathered together to handle the visa application process for a large number of employees.

Li Mu wanted to apply for an L-1A visa like the rest of the management, but the Chinese staff of the embassy strongly recommended Li Mu to apply for a US green card.

Although it was difficult to apply for a green card in the United States, Li Mu met the requirements to apply for a green card.

First of all, he had to apply for a green card as an outstanding talent. This was relatively easy. In the early years of Hua Xia, many big shots in the entertainment industry had applied for a green card in the United States through this method. For a talent like Li Mu, who was recognized by the entire American Internet industry, the success rate of this method was almost 100%.

In addition, Li Mu also met the conditions for investment immigration. With the amount of investment in the United States branch of Makino Technology, it was very easy for Li Mu to apply for a green card.

A green card was not equivalent to immigration. It was equivalent to obtaining the status of a permanent resident of the United States. In theory, one could freely enter and leave the United States at any time, anywhere. It was reasonable to say that it would be more convenient to obtain a green card. However, when he learned that a green card holder had to live in the United States for a certain amount of time every year, Li Mu temporarily gave up.

He did not have the energy to waste a few months every year living in the United States. When his business in the United States made great progress, he would consider applying for a green card.

After settling the visa materials, Wei Lan, who had not seen him for a long time, called Li Mu and asked, "What time do you get off work tonight?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Seven or eight o 'clock."

Wei Lan said, "Are you free?

Let's have dinner together tonight? "

After that, Wei Lan did not wait for Li Mu to answer. She added, "My dad listened to your suggestion and sold all of his eBay shares. He made a lot of money. He said that if it wasn't for the lawsuit in China, he would personally come back from the United States to thank you in person. So, I will thank you on his behalf …"

Wei Jun was reluctant to sell the one million shares of eBay shares. However, when Wei Lan asked Li Mu, Li Mu suggested that he sell the shares as soon as possible. Because eBay's good news was released too quickly, the market's reaction must have been a little extreme. Once the market reacted, there would definitely be an appropriate decline. Therefore, it was better to sell the shares as soon as possible and hold the profits in his hands.

In Li Mu's eyes, eBay's stock was not a good stock. It would only get worse in the future. If he wanted to make a long-term investment, it would be better to wait for Makino Technology to be listed on NASDAQ, or wait for Google to be listed in 2004. It would definitely perform much better than eBay's stock.

Wei Jun still had some doubts about Wei Lan's words, but he believed Li Mu's words unconditionally. He immediately sold all the stocks he had and made 20 million USD.

Li Mu did not know how much Wei Jun had made, but he felt that he could make around a million dollars. Therefore, he did not take it to heart. He said to Wei Lan, "Tell the old man that it's not a big deal. There's no need to be so polite."

Wei Lan asked sharply, "So you don't want to have dinner with me?"

Li Mu said, "No, that's not what I meant."

Wei Lan said, "I said I'd treat you to dinner, and you said there's no need to be so polite. Isn't that indirectly rejecting me?"

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "What I mean is, tell the old man not to be so polite. There's no need to express any gratitude. As for dinner, I'll go, okay?"

"That's more like it."

Wei Lan said, "Let's go eat hairy crabs tonight. I know a restaurant that serves very authentic hairy crabs!

I've been craving crabs for the past few days. "

People from Shanghai and the southeastern part of Southern Su loved to eat hairy crabs. Li Mu, who was from the northern part of Southern Su, did not have much of a preference. Li Mu was not used to eating steamed crabs. In contrast, he preferred to eat braised crabs.

However, Li Mu did not pay much attention to food, so since Wei Lan said so, he did not raise any objections. He said, "What time tonight?

Tell me the address. "

Wei Lan said, "I'm fine with anything. It depends on your schedule."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "A little later, to avoid the rush hour."

Wei Lan said, "Okay, I have to go to the construction site in the afternoon to do something. I won't be returning to the company after I'm done. If I'm done early, I'll look for you first."

Li Mu said, "Okay, then come to my place first, and then we'll go together."

Wei Lan asked, "Where are you today?"

"Makino Technology."

"Eh?

Isn't it going to be Taobao 929 soon?

Why aren't you in charge of the situation at Taobao? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Today, the visa officers from the US embassy came over to handle the visa procedures. I also applied for it. There might be some needs to go to the US in the future, so I'll handle it first."

Wei Lan asked him curiously, "Are you going to the US often in the future?"

Li Mu said, "I'll definitely go, but it's hard to say if I'll go often."

Wei Lan said with a smile, "If you're going, you can ask me to go with you. I've always wanted to visit my parents, but there are too many things to do at Wanying. I'm too embarrassed to ask Brother Liang for leave. If I'm going with you, then there's a much better reason."

Li Mu said, "No matter how busy you are, you can't work around the clock. If you really want to go back, then choose a time to go back. I'll tell Brother Liang."

At this moment, Wei Lan looked at the phone helplessly and sighed silently. She thought to herself, 'Is this guy Li Mu so insensitive, or is he deliberately drawing a line with me?'

Then, Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "I don't have to go for the time being, and it's quite annoying to fly across the ocean alone. If I go with you, I can at least keep you company. If a nouveau riche like you suddenly decides to charter a plane, then wouldn't it be more comfortable for me to ride on a private plane?"

Li Mu could only smile and said, "Alright, see for yourself."

"Okay," Wei Lan smiled and said, "Then I'll talk to you later. I'll go to Makino Technology to find you after I'm done."

…

At seven in the evening, Wei Lan knocked on the door of Li Mu's office.

After entering the room, she found that Lin Ching-ah was reporting to Li Mu about the status of the visa processing for Makino Technology's employees today, so she didn't make a sound. She stood silently at the door and waited for Lin Ching-ah to finish reporting.

After Lin Ching-ah finished reporting, she said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, if there's nothing else, I'll head out first."

Li Mu nodded. Lin Ching-ah turned around and nodded to Wei Lan with a smile. Then she said to her, "Miss Wei, you can chat with Li Zong first. I won't disturb you."

Wei Lan also responded with a polite smile, "Okay, Boss Lin. Go ahead."

Lin Ching-ah and Wei Lan were both key figures in Li Mu's big business plan. Although they had their own jobs in different companies, and the two of them didn't have any work contact, they still knew each other.

In front of Wei Lan, Lin Ching-ah felt a little uncomfortable. In her eyes, Wei Lan was the kind of woman who, no matter what time it was, could instantly kill everyone in the room with her appearance and temperament. Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but feel inferior in front of her. Not to mention anything else, just looking at her smile, that kind of breathtaking beauty and impeccable aura, Lin Ching-ah was afraid that she wouldn't be able to achieve it even if she practiced in front of a mirror for a year.

In fact, Wei Lan did have a kind of halo. This halo would make all women of the same sex who saw her feel that it was a blessing that couldn't be cultivated for several lifetimes to have Wei Lan's appearance.

Lin Ching-ah carried a trace of humility in her heart because of Wei Lan as she left the room. Wei Lan carried a white Chanel handbag on her back and walked to Li Mu's desk.

Li Mu looked at her. She was dressed in a conservative and ordinary office lady's outfit, but she could still bring out her impeccable appearance. Wei Lan was really a goddess among goddesses. If it was just based on appearance, she was even more suitable to be a host than Chen Wan, and more suitable to be a celebrity than Du Wei. If she debuted in South Korea, she would definitely become the benchmark for South Korean female celebrities.

Wei Lan walked to Li Mu, separated from Li Mu by a desk, and teased, "You must enjoy working in front of such a beautiful woman like Boss Lin every day, right?"

Although Lin Ching-ah was also a beauty, whether it was her appearance or temperament, she was more than a level lower than Wei Lan.