Chapter 1650

When the motorcade arrived at the Palace Museum, the staff of the Palace Museum and CCTV had already made all the preparations.

At the main entrance of the Hall of Supreme Harmony, several sets of equipment had been set up, and two unmanned aerial helicopters were also ready.

After the ceremony officially began, William and the person in charge of the Palace Museum held a grand handover ceremony. Li Mu did not participate in the handover ceremony. He removed himself as a middleman and left the opportunity to win the favor of the people to William.

After the handover ceremony, William and the person in charge of the Palace Museum respectively gave speeches on the stage. Both sides' speeches were more personal. William represented the Windsor family, and the person in charge of the Palace Museum represented the Palace Museum. Neither side added a greater background or significance to themselves. They only defined this donation as an ordinary private donation ceremony to a museum.

The ceremony was very simple, but there was no lack of solemnity. From the moment the ceremony began, the three official verified Weibo accounts, CCTV News, YY portal, and Weibo Titter, began to broadcast it live on Weibo Titter.

The donation ceremony was not announced to the public in advance, and no other media besides Central TV was invited. Therefore, the netizens and ordinary people did not hear anything about it. When they suddenly saw the three official Weibo accounts live-streaming the donation ceremony, they immediately flocked over to pay attention to it.

William had been a hot topic in Hua Xia recently, and he was very popular with the people. Now that he had donated the cultural relics that originally belonged to Hua Xia to the Palace Museum, he had won the favor of the people of Hua Xia. In addition, Li Mu, who had just sold a dog's Weibo advertisement for 26 million US dollars yesterday, also participated in this donation ceremony, which made more people pay special attention to the donation ceremony.

At this time, at the donation ceremony, after both sides had given their speeches, they invited Li Mu, who was the middleman, to go on stage to say a few words.

Li Mu tidied up his suit, walked on stage, and said with a smile, "I am very honored to be invited by the Palace Museum to participate in the Windsor family's cultural relics donation to the Palace Museum. I am also very grateful to William and the friends of the Windsor family for being able to donate such precious cultural relics to the Palace Museum in the past few years. In particular, the origins of these cultural relics are very special. They are all cultural relics from the history of Hua Xia, but they all flowed overseas in different periods of the last two centuries, under different circumstances, and in different ways."

At this point, Li Mu deliberately paused and said, "In fact, in addition to being honored and grateful today, I am also very touched in the depths of my heart. Due to well-known historical reasons, many of our Hua Xia nation's precious cultural relics are still lost overseas. Even William and the friends of the Windsor family can donate Hua Xia's cultural relics that were lost a hundred years ago to the Palace Museum for free, allowing these cultural relics that have been wandering for eight years to return home. Then, as the children of Hua Xia, we actually have such a responsibility and obligation to help our Hua Xia nation find those lost overseas memories, those lost overseas culture, and those origins."

There were not many spectators below the stage. Except for a few reporters, most of them were the management, employees, and experts of the Palace Museum. After hearing Li Mu's speech, they all applauded. The applause of dozens of people could actually reach the point of deafening.

For people like them who had been dealing with cultural relics for half their lives, the cultural relics that had been lost overseas had always been a sore point in their hearts. It was a deep thought that they could never give up. Every time they saw a piece of Hua Xia cultural relic being auctioned overseas, they would feel deeply distressed. Every time a cultural relic that had been lost overseas could be returned to Hua Xia through various channels, even if it only returned to the hands of some private individuals in Hua Xia and became their private collection, they would still feel extremely gratified. Because it meant that their lost origins had been found by their compatriots again. It was enough for them to return home.

As the applause gradually stopped, Li Mu continued, "Helping Hua Xia cultural relics that had been lost overseas should be an obligation that every child of Hua Xia should bear in mind and try their best to complete. Therefore, I, along with the two companies, Makino Technology and Taobao Technology, have decided to set up a charity fund for public welfare. This fund will be established by me personally contributing 30 million US dollars, and Makino Technology and Taobao Technology will each contribute 10 million US dollars. This fund will be dedicated to bringing back the Chinese treasures that had been lost overseas and trying to find as many lost cultural relics as possible."

"However, it is far from enough to rely on myself, or the strength of the two companies, Makino Technology and Taobao Technology. Therefore, I hope that every child of Hua Xia can contribute to this public welfare cause and help our nation find more cultural origins and heritage."

Just as Li Mu finished speaking, the official Titter of several media outlets immediately published Li Mu's original words, and in an instant, it set off a storm on the Internet.

Li Mu had done many public welfare and charity projects, but these projects were basically related to people. This time, he launched a project specifically for overseas cultural relics. The entry point he chose was very novel, and now he directly took out 50 million US dollars as the start-up capital. This courage and generosity were indeed amazing.

Moreover, 30 million of the 50 million US dollars was paid by Li Mu himself, which was almost 250 million yuan!

Thinking of the fact that Li Mu had just sold Li Gouzi's Weibo promotion resources for a sky-high price of 26 million US dollars yesterday, the netizens immediately understood Li Mu's good intentions.

As for those anti-fans and interest groups who took the opportunity to attack Li Mu on the Internet, they were also completely slapped in the face by Li Mu's move. Li Mu made a lot of money from Li Gouzi's Weibo, but he did not keep a single cent of the money for himself. He took it all out for public welfare, and he added an additional 4 million US dollars.

Not only that, Li Mu himself was also a major shareholder of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology. These two companies jointly donated 20 million US dollars, and most of it should be Li Mu's property.

With this calculation, out of the 50 million US dollars this time, Li Mu himself had spent at least 40 million US dollars.

For a time, all the rumors and slanders on the Internet were instantly destroyed. Those groups that deliberately discredited Li Mu and added fuel to the fire were immediately counterattacked by ordinary netizens. All the rumors and slander were immediately discredited.

At the same time, Li Mu also officially announced that he would jointly operate this public welfare fund with the Palace Museum and seek advice from the Palace Museum's expert team on the issue of buying back overseas cultural relics. Not only that, this public welfare fund would also officially open its own account information in the near future. At the same time, it would accept donations from all the people in the country, as well as enterprises and units, to ensure that every donation was clear and transparent.

At that time, Alipay would also open an online donation channel. Individuals and enterprises could directly donate to the public welfare fund through Alipay. As a payment channel, Alipay would not charge any processing fees to ensure that all donations would be transferred to the foundation.

Li Mu had always taken a completely open approach when it came to charity. The account information and the use of every cent would be ensured to be clear and transparent, and it would be open to the supervision of the whole society. Only in this way could he fully demonstrate his pure heart for charity and public welfare. This was also the source of the people's trust in his charity projects.

As for corporate donations, Li Mu specifically released a statement: "In the future, the foundation will recruit 20 strategic cooperative enterprises from all over the society. Makino Technology will use practical promotion and publicity resources to thank those generous enterprises."

In addition, Li Mu also announced on the spot: "Makino Technology has obtained the authorization of the Palace Museum's image. Soon, Makino Technology will launch a cartoon background, costumes, and other virtual props with the theme of the Palace Museum on YY Show and YY Space. It will also be open to users to purchase. All the proceeds from users' purchases will be donated by Makino Technology to the charity foundation.

"Taobao website will also launch products related to the Palace Museum and famous cultural relics. We have also asked experts from the Palace Museum to select 54 of the most important, most valuable, and most representative lost cultural relics. In the near future, Taobao website will print them on playing cards. All the future sales proceeds from this set of playing cards will also be donated to the charity foundation."

Li Mu was very clear that any charity project could not purely rely on the public welfare of society. There must be a healthy business model. The reason why the Immortal Veterans Project could grow bigger and better was because, in addition to the start-up funds and voluntary donations from the people, there was another very important source of funding, which was the realization of the publicity resources invested. Many enterprises wanted to get the publicity resources that Li Mu had injected into the Immortal Veterans Project, so they were willing to buy them from him in the form of donations. This way, not only could they get a substantial return, but they could also leave a good reputation. It was killing two birds with one stone.

Now, the project of returning lost cultural relics to China was the same. Li Mu and Central TV had reached an agreement. The two sides would work together to give this charity project enough exposure to ensure that every enterprise that donated to this project could get a certain amount of exposure and attention. In this way, the enthusiasm of the enterprises to donate would also be greatly increased.

With such a cooperation, it seemed that Li Mu and Central TV would ultimately lose out. It seemed that they were using their own publicity resources to generate blood for the whole project. But in fact, Makino Technology itself was an Internet media platform, and Central TV was a traditional television media platform. Both sides had a huge demand for news reports, and with a huge number of users, the users' demand for reading was also astonishing.

For a large portal platform, the biggest problem usually was where to find so many news materials that users liked to see and hear.

There was a huge demand for news reports. In the end, they had to find material and an outlet. If there was no good news to write, then the news of a pig going missing in a certain village could fill the website to satisfy the huge reading demand.

Li Mu remembered that after the rise of various headline apps in his previous life, in order to accumulate enough information, major platforms piled all kinds of rubbish content into them. It even formed a special industry. Some rural women who had not even graduated from primary school could also rely on the mass production of new media information to earn more than 10,000 a month. Li Mu did not mean to look down on rural women. It was just that from this matter, he simply captured the huge demand for information by media platforms.

Anyway, reporting was reporting. Using this charity project to report, not only could he find a high-quality information topic, but he could also help the charity project itself to attract more enterprises to participate. Why not?