Chapter 84

When Zhao Lina hurriedly opened the door, Guo Lin was sitting in front of the computer in the living room with a dark expression.

When he saw Zhao Lina come in, Guo Lin quickly waved his hand. "Come here, you know more about computers than I do. Help me take a look."

"What's wrong?" Zhao Lina put down her bag, changed into slippers, and walked over.

Guo Lin gritted his teeth. "Many people on the internet are saying that I'm corrupt, that I keep a female university student, and even that I'm fooling around with a female teacher from No.5 High School. I suspect that someone is trying to mess with me, but I don't know how to find out. Help me look."

Zhao Lina's heart tightened. Ever since she started working for Guo Lin, she was most afraid of being exposed. Now that she had a stable job, a house, and hundreds of thousands in savings, she was afraid that she would lose everything if she was exposed.

The nervous Zhao Lina immediately opened the webpage and instinctively opened the most popular local forum in Haizhou. She immediately found an eye-catching post in the chat section. "West Ridge Coal Mine Manager, Guo Lin, has taken bribes, violated the law, and fooled around with innocent women. His crime should be punished."

After Zhao Lina opened the post, Guo Lin also stared at the content nervously.

The whole post was divided into three parts. The first part was about Guo Lin taking advantage of his position to take bribes, such as controlling the personnel arrangement in the mine and accepting filial piety from his subordinates, controlling the mine's procurement authority and accepting huge kickbacks, monopolizing the sale of finished coal in the coal washing plant and taking a commission for every ton of coal sold.

The second part was about him keeping a female university student, but this part was only briefly mentioned.

The third part was about him having an illicit relationship with a young female teacher from No.5 High School.

Guo Lin had been a mine manager for so many years, so he was naturally quite mature. He was very nervous at first, but after reading the whole post, his heart was half at ease.

Then, Guo Lin reached out and pulled Zhao Lina into his arms. As his hands moved up and down, he snorted and said, "There is no actual evidence in this post. He said that I accepted filial piety from my subordinates, purchase kickbacks, and coal commission. Everyone in West Ridge Coal Mine knows about this, but there is no proof. I've never been afraid of people saying that I'm corrupt, but I'm afraid of people showing evidence of my corruption.

"Also, this person said that I'm keeping a female university student as my mistress. Although you were still in school when we first started dating, you've been working for almost two years now. If he really knew about our relationship, he definitely wouldn't just say that."

"As for the matter between me and the teacher from Fifth High School, it's completely nonexistent. From this, it can be seen that this person wants to mess with me, but he has no real goods."

Zhao Lina asked in his ear while panting, "Who did you offend recently?"

"No!"

Guo Lin's hands and mouth didn't stop. He mumbled, "There are many people who want to mess with me, but I haven't offended anyone recently."

Zhao Lina arched her body and said intermittently, "Then you have to be more careful. If you ask me, you have to think of a way to delete everything on the Internet first. Otherwise, if someone uses it to make a fuss, you'll be too passive."

Guo Lin buried his head in Zhao Lina's arms and said while panting, "I'll find someone to help me delete all these things later. But the trouble is that they not only posted it on our Haizhou website, but also on the websites of Pengcheng and Jinling. I'm afraid it's too late to delete it."

Zhao Lina said, "Then you should talk to your leader first. These things on the Internet have no evidence. Even if they really investigate, they won't be able to find anything."

"Well, I don't know which b * stard wanted to set me up. I was so scared. After reading these things, I'm relieved."

Guo Lin patted Zhao Lina's waist. "Go to the inner room."

"I'm not going!"

Zhao Lina pursed her lips and deliberately pushed Guo Lin's hand aside. She said with slight dissatisfaction, "You suddenly remembered to look for me when you needed something. I haven't seen you in the past few days. Did you deliberately avoid me after I told you about building a house at home last time?"

Guo Lin hurriedly explained, "How is that possible!

I've prepared the money for you, but my son was beaten up and hospitalized a few days ago. I've been going to the hospital every day and couldn't take care of him. I just came out of the hospital. "

"Yuhang was beaten up?" Zhao Lina exclaimed. "Who dared to beat him up!"

"Don't mention it."

Guo Lin sighed. His son was also f * cked up. First, he was beaten up by Li Mu. Then, he found someone to help him take revenge. He didn't expect that the person he found would beat him up and hospitalize him.

Guo Lin was too ashamed to tell others about this kind of sh * t.

Zhao Lina didn't care. In her eyes, it was only a matter of time before a child like Guo Yuhang was beaten up outside. When she tutored him a few years ago, he was only 15 years old and was already extremely arrogant. He often played tricks to take advantage of her.

"My mom has been calling me these days. My brother got his girlfriend pregnant and is getting married. Our family needs money to build a house for him. If it's convenient for you, give it to me as soon as possible. I'll go home and send it over."

Guo Lin nodded. Zhao Lina had told him about this before, and he had agreed. It was only 100,000 yuan. It wasn't much. He could just wave his hand and the money would come.

"I've already prepared the money. I'll bring it to you after work tomorrow."

"You're the best!" Zhao Lina was satisfied. She smiled charmingly and pulled Guo Lin into the bedroom.

…

Guo Lin was a man on Zhao Lina's body for five minutes. For these five minutes, Zhao Lina needed to use nearly 20 minutes to give it her all.

Just like that, half an hour had passed.

Too many things could happen in half an hour. Guo Lin could find the feeling of being close to God with Zhao Lina in half an hour. Li Mu and Zhao Kang could also quickly expose the matter between him and Zhao Lina on the internet within this half an hour.

When Xue Guilan received her younger sister's call, she was still accompanying her son in the hospital. After the call went through, Xue Guilan's expression quickly became nervous. Then, it became abnormally ugly. Even her breathing became rapid, and her face turned pale!

Her younger sister, Xue Guifen, was the head of the Human Resource Department of Xiling Coal Mine. She was a junior high school graduate who was ignorant and incompetent. It was all thanks to her sister and brother-in-law that she could climb to this position. When she heard that her brother-in-law had been exposed on the internet, she immediately went home and looked it up on the internet. She was scared out of her wits. She immediately called her sister and told her everything she saw.

At first, Xue Guilan also thought that someone was deliberately messing with her husband because there wasn't any concrete evidence in the other party's content. However, when she heard Zhao Lina's name, her mind buzzed. The problem suddenly became serious.

As the saying goes, there's no smoke without fire. Zhao Lina had been tutoring her son for almost three and a half years. If the people on the internet were just framing her, how could the mastermind know about a nobody from a few years ago?

Xue Guilan recalled that Zhao Lina hadn't been tutoring her son for long. Because she noticed that her husband's gaze was a little off every time he looked at her and was overly concerned about her, she fired Zhao Lina early on.

Originally, she thought that she had killed her husband's infidelity in time. She didn't expect him to keep that little vixen as his mistress from then on!

Xue Guilan was furious. She immediately took out her phone and called Guo Lin.

"Where are you?"

"I'm dealing with something important outside."

"Get your ass home in ten minutes!"

Guo Lin was currently lying on Zhao Lina's bed with a big belly. When he suddenly received the call, Xue Guilan hung up before he could even find an excuse.

"That b * tch," Guo Lin cursed, but he still rolled out of bed.

"You're going back already?"

"Yeah. She probably knows that someone is messing with me on the internet. I have to go back and explain to her. Otherwise, she'll make a scene."

Zhao Lina pinched the fat on Guo Lin's thigh. "You're always like this. When you want it, you come. When you're done, you leave. You don't even care about me."

Guo Lin hurriedly hugged her and stroked her hair. "Next time, I'll definitely spend more time with you."

"You said it."

Zhao Lina was suddenly as satisfied as a child. She looked a little delicate, which made Guo Lin's heart fill with love.

Guo Lin liked Zhao Lina at this moment the most. This was also Zhao Lina's ability.

"Then I'll be leaving."

"Yeah. Don't forget that my family is building a house …"

"Don't worry. I'll remember it. I'll bring it to you tomorrow."

At this time, Guo Lin didn't know that the news of him keeping Zhao Lina as his mistress had already been exposed on the internet.

Hooking up with his son's tutor, especially when she was only a university student at the time. When the news broke out, the netizens who were watching the drama immediately cursed him.

He hurried home and found his wife, Xue Guilan, sitting on the sofa with a cold expression. Guo Lin's heart skipped a beat. He felt that his wife's attitude today was not quite right.

"Wife."

Guo Lin lowered his head to change his shoes. He deliberately cursed, "I don't know which bastard I offended. He ran to the internet to spread rumors about me. I'm so f * cking unlucky."

Xue Guilan frowned. "Spread rumors about you?

Which sentence is spreading rumors about you? "

When Guo Lin heard this, he knew that he had guessed correctly. Xue Guilan must have seen the content on the internet and suspected that he had a mistress outside.

Therefore, he hurriedly explained, "That bastard said that I have a mistress outside. He also said that I fooled around with a female teacher from Fifth High School. How could I do such a thing?

He's obviously splashing dirty water on me! "

"Yes, you definitely didn't fool around with a female teacher from Fifth High School because you fooled around with your son's tutor!"

The first half of the sentence made Guo Lin sigh in relief. The second half made Guo Lin's heart skip a beat. Beads of sweat immediately appeared on his forehead.

"Who did you hear this nonsense from?

Our son is the only one who studies like a bear. When did he hire a tutor? "

"You're still pretending!

Zhao Lina from a teacher's college! "

Xue Guilan roared angrily. She had lived with Guo Lin for twenty years. She could tell with one look that he was lying.