Chapter 1400

In the eyes of Hollywood, Harvey Weinstein was a steel armor that everyone wanted to kick, but no one could kick at all.

Over the years, countless people had been defeated by Harvey, and he had gradually become a super big shot in Hollywood. In his hands, the famous Oscar was just a little girl that he could dress up. Harvey's domineering and calculating character had also made him countless enemies in Hollywood.

Harvey, who seemed to be a steel armor that no one could kick at, was actually a piece of tempered glass. If the strength of the attack was not enough and the method was not right, no matter how you attacked him, it would not bring him any substantial damage. But if you chose the right place and the right method, you only needed to knock on the tempered glass and it would collapse in an instant.

In his previous life, Harvey had collapsed because of a sex scandal, so this was his biggest weakness.

When the Internet Water Army exposed Harvey's sex scandal on the Internet, Hollywood had already set off a great uproar. Many people in Hollywood were well aware of his affairs, but no one had ever made a mistake in public, because they knew that if they could not bring Harvey down this time, they would inevitably suffer from his revenge in the future. This time, Harvey was suddenly targeted by a mysterious man in all aspects. Moreover, it was huge and menacing, which gave many people an excellent opportunity to stab him. Many people who had long wanted to teach Harvey a lesson began to move at this time.

Zhao Kang's Internet Water Army originally did not name anyone else in the news, but those in Hollywood who had more detailed information about Harvey began to expose anonymously on the Internet.

As a result, shocking news about Harvey was revealed on the Internet one after another. Some people named the female stars who had been violated by Harvey, and some people even revealed the specific details of the incident, such as when Harvey had threatened and tempted an actress because of a certain movie, and then achieved his dirty and despicable purpose. Among them, some people even named other male Hollywood big shots, claiming that some big shots had always been very clear about Harvey's behavior, and not only did they not have any organization, but they had also provided some kind of convenience for Harvey and even helped him cover up the evidence.

All kinds of news were dizzying, and even Li Mu was dumbfounded. He had wanted to throw out Harvey's sexual assault scandal and use it to give him a second round of blow. He did not expect that he had actually just thrown out a "solid hammer to report Harvey" mailbox, and then the whole Hollywood was filling this "solid hammer to report Harvey" mailbox with all kinds of materials …

After a few hours of fermentation, the whole North American entertainment circle and the onlookers were completely attracted by Harvey's sex scandal. Someone had done a statistics on all kinds of anonymous news on the Internet. So far, there had been more than 20 people who had exposed Harvey's illicit relationship with an actress.

Enthusiastic netizens carried out preliminary verification of these news. They found various key points from each of the incidents that had been exposed. For example, it was said that Harvey had slept with actress B because of a certain role in a certain movie, so that B had the opportunity to replace A to play this role. And netizens immediately found the news about the replacement of the actor in this movie that year. Indeed, not long after the time of the news, B replaced A and got the role that Harvey had promised her. From this, it could be seen that many of the news were extremely credible.

Hollywood seemed to have suddenly become addicted to this kind of anonymous online game. A large number of news were released one after another, and almost 80% of them pointed to Harvey. The media immediately followed up on this hot news, and for a time, reports about Harvey's scandal were overwhelming.

Harvey himself was immediately overwhelmed by these news. He knew that he was not very popular in Hollywood, but he did not expect that it would be so bad. From the news on the Internet, Harvey could even analyze who had exposed some of the news. These people were usually respectful in front of him, but he did not expect that they would all go online to undermine him at this time. It seemed that all of them were eager for him to lose his reputation as soon as possible.

In desperation, Harvey found the best public relations company in Hollywood, hoping that they could help him transfer the netizens and achieve a bleaching, so that he could safely get through this crisis. However, he did not expect that the other party would directly throw out a sentence. "I'm sorry, Mr. Harvey, we can't accept your commission."

Harvey hurriedly said, "Money is not a problem. As long as the problem can be solved, I can pay you double."

The other party said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Harvey. We don't want to affect the success rate of our company's public relations because of you."

The implication was that in Harvey's current situation, it was basically impossible for him to get through this peacefully.

However, a greater crisis was yet to come.

A large number of direct victims of Harvey's sexual assault had always been eager to have an opportunity to accuse him of what he had done, but as victims, it was difficult for them to muster up the courage. However, now that Harvey was being beaten up by everyone on the Internet, and the identities of many victims had been anonymously exposed by other people in Hollywood, some victims were also ready to take this opportunity to tell the public what they had always wanted to say.

As a result, a famous actress in the United States was the first to stand up in this group fight against Harvey. She accused Harvey of having sexually assaulted her in the past, and at the same time, made a severe accusation against Harvey.

The appearance of this actress meant that the whole incident had escalated again. From rumors to anonymous exposés, and then to anonymous exposés, the attacks against Harvey had escalated many times. In the end, with the actress' public accusation against Harvey, the anonymous exposés had entered the stage of the actual exposés.

Those in the entertainment industry who had always wanted to kill Harvey immediately seized this opportunity to launch a fatal attack against Harvey. First, they used their media resources to report the incident of the actress accusing Harvey of sexual assault on a large scale. Then, they praised her bravery in the media, rendering her as a heroine who fought against bullies.

The biggest use of such media exaggeration was to incite other victims to come forward and expose Harvey's actions. This was because they knew that those female celebrities who had also been assaulted must be very eager to stand up and accuse Harvey's shameless behavior, but for various reasons, they had never spoken up. But now, they had a role model. This role model told the story of her sexual assault. Not only was she not laughed at, but she was also respected by everyone. Since that was the case, why didn't they say the same?

Then, the second and third victims came forward one after another. One of them chose to expose it in front of the television media, and the other chose to expose it through a real-name blog. The contents of their revelations completely shocked the audience in the United States, and it also inspired other victims to come forward bravely.

The fourth, the fifth, and the sixth …

What Harvey didn't expect was that some of the female stars who had relied on him to get to the top had sex with him of their own volition. Even the female stars who had taken the initiative to have sex with him jumped out to accuse him of sexual assault. This kind of action made Harvey fly into a rage.

His assistant's words woke him up. "Although these female stars had sex with you of their own volition, now that this matter has become so big, they are also worried that one day someone will find out that they sacrificed their bodies to you in exchange for a role. Once such news is exposed, as an actress, their acting career will basically be completely ruined. So now, in order to protect themselves, they can only jump out to accuse you of sexual assault. After all, the public is now in the position of sympathizing with the victims …"

The angry Harvey smashed everything in the office that could be smashed. He finally tasted the bitter fruit that he had brewed for many years.

…

In less than 24 hours, Harvey became the "super sexual predator" that the American media constantly reported. Almost every media outlet carried out a large amount of criticism against him. After all, in the United States, which had always advocated equality between men and women, a man relied on his own resources, ability, and power to coerce and force so many women. This kind of thing was extremely vile.

More than a dozen female celebrities' real-name accusations completely proved that Harvey was guilty of sexual assault. Among these female celebrities' revelations and accusations, many Hollywood celebrities were also involved. As a result, the whole of Hollywood began to cut ties with Harvey. Some people jumped out to accuse him, some publicly stated that they were not familiar with him, and some said that they did not want to have anything to do with him in the future.

Just as Harvey's notoriety spread far and wide, Li Mu finally gave Harvey a response. Previously, when Harvey released his statement, he deliberately called out to Li Mu, hoping that Li Mu would give him a public response. Although Li Mu successfully diverted the attention of the public, he still had to give Harvey a response. So, he used YY to release a short statement, "I have nothing to do with Harvey, and I do not wish to have anything to do with him. The only thing I am thankful for is that I did not give him the North American distribution rights for 'Zombie-master'."

In the eyes of the audience, Li Mu's statement was ambiguous. It could be understood that Li Mu did not know him, and that Harvey's sarcasm of 'Zombie-master' in front of Li Mu was completely false. However, it could also be understood that Li Mu wanted to distance himself from him. After all, under these circumstances, no one would want to have anything to do with this scumbag through any means.

What was even more interesting was that Li Mu said that he was thankful that he did not give Harvey the North American distribution rights for 'Zombie-master'. This also gave the public two layers of meaning. One was that Li Mu might have really talked to Harvey about the collaboration with 'Zombie-master', and the other was that he was simply thankful.

Combining an ambiguous statement with a double layer of meaning, the audience could not figure out whether or not Li Mu had actually talked to Harvey about the collaboration with 'Zombie-master'.

But, why did it matter?

In their eyes, a scumbag like Harvey deserved to be punished. Now that so many people had come forward to accuse him, it was a situation that everyone was happy to see.

Then, the incident escalated again.

Many Hollywood actresses jointly reported to the Los Angeles police, officially accusing Harvey of sexual assault. The Los Angeles police also announced that they had officially launched an investigation.