Chapter 1816

For Aleksandar Vikander, he was the standard dogmatist.

It was common to see people like him around him. Everyone was very conservative and always chose to be conservative, never taking the radical route.

People like him had a lot of particularly stubborn insistence. For example, those who read books, those who hold the Bible and kidnap others, and those who do things in the same way.

Vick's insistence on car design stemmed from the fact that he hadn't established a set of aesthetic system that was truly close to the times.

He felt that Volvo cars should be designed in a slightly clumsy and bland style because this was the root of its low-key and introverted appearance.

Moreover, he felt that the cars produced by the brands that were very fancy were not practical.

Volvo needed this kind of sturdy lines and unchanging design language to convey a message to the world: "We are conservative. We adhere to the inside. Our cars will always be the most practical and safe."

Therefore, he sneered at the car design that Li Mu wanted.

He even educated Li Mu, saying: "Li Zong, you see, the side of your SUV has a downward sloping line. The front is high and the back is low. In this way, the upper space of the rear seats is reduced for no reason. Originally, a person of 1.8 meters can sit in it without feeling uncomfortable. But after your design, a person of 1.8 meters will feel depressed."

Li Mu nodded: "Yes, I will let him feel depressed."

Vick snorted: "Li Zong, with all due respect, you really don't understand car design. People's pursuit of space is very extreme, especially SUVs. Most people buy SUVs for more space, not for better passability."

Li Mu lightly said: "Most cars usually don't have people sitting in the back row. Even if they do, it doesn't matter. After all, it's not their car."

Vick said: "How can this be?

When our customers buy, as long as they sit in the back row, they will definitely give up this car! "

Li Mu asked: "The back row of a two-door four-seater coupe is too crowded for a dog. Aren't people still buying it?"

Vick argued: "But it is not a mainstream model!

Mainstream models still have to consider space and comfort. "

Li Mu said seriously, "In the future, at least 50% of the car consumers will pay for the appearance of the car. The key to whether they buy it or not is whether the car looks good, not whether it has enough space in the back seat."

Vick said: "Even if I look at the appearance, I don't think this car looks good. It is too weird!

Furthermore, the side lines that you've designed, these more geometrical angular designs will increase the production process and cost. It will also increase the probability of damage on both sides of the car and the cost of repair. If it's a more curved and rounded shape, most of the bumps can be avoided. But if it's this kind of shape, it's very difficult to repair with a single touch. It needs sheet metal, which is flashy but impractical! "

"Also, why did the tail have to be designed with two throats?

Our displacement is not large, one tail throat is enough. Two will increase the cost, so there is no need at all. "

Li Mu asked him, "Have you ever seen a 2.0 liter car with four rear throats?"

Vick disdainfully said: "Four tails?

Unless he is crazy, it is impossible to do such a thing! "

Li Mu smiled and said: "You should have the opportunity to see it in a few years."

Don't tell me how professional you are and how amateur I am. None of you designers are qualified in my eyes. Just look at the models you have designed. I can see that you lack design spirituality. Look at the low sales of Volvo. At least 60% of the responsibility lies with you designers. "Li Mu faintly said:" Vick, I didn't hire you to talk nonsense with me. I want you to work for me. I am the boss, so I want you to do what I want you to do. Don't tell me how professional you are and how amateur I am. None of you designers are qualified in my eyes. Just look at the models you have designed. Look at the models you have designed.

Vick's face immediately turned red and white when he heard this.

Being questioned by Li Mu about his professional ability was really a very painful thing.

But the key point was that he didn't know where to refute.

The sales of Volvo cars were indeed very low.

At this time, Li Mu continued, "The cars you designed are like the most ordinary middle-aged man in the world. His face is big and fat, his face is greasy, his hair is sparse, his clothes are sloppy, and he doesn't care about his appearance. It's hard for the opposite sex to be interested in that aspect. Therefore, the cars you designed are also very abstinent. When people see them, they can't have any desire. Originally, they have some desire, but when they see the cars you designed, that desire is instantly extinguished.

If you are not convinced, I can use a budget of one million US dollars to ask a world-famous survey company to conduct a questionnaire survey in several major cities around the world. The number of people who think that the current Volvo cars are ugly will be counted. "

Li Mu raised his voice a bit and said: "I'm giving you face. I'm asking for your opinion. I'm not asking you to use your ascetic aesthetic to point fingers at me. From now on, if you still want this job, listen to the man who pays your salary. Do what he tells you to do. Otherwise, you can immediately resign and go back to Sweden to see if you can find a job as a designer in this life!"

Vick didn't dare to complain again.

Originally, he wanted to give the new boss a warning so that he wouldn't interfere with his work in the future. But he didn't expect that the new boss didn't interfere with his work at all. Instead, he wanted to completely decide his work.

He was also very clear that if he went against Li Mu, the only end would be to pack up and go home. So he could only immediately give in. As for what Li Mu wanted to do, he just had to cooperate with him. As for whether the car designed by Li Mu would work or not, it didn't matter. When he made enough money, he would go back to Sweden. The death of Volvo had nothing to do with him.

So, he said in a low voice: "Li Zong, what kind of design do you want? I will cooperate according to your ideas."

Li Mu nodded and said: "First, raise the front of the car a little bit. Don't talk to me about the vision. If you want a better vision, try Changhe bread."

"I said that the wheel hub should be a little bigger and the car should be a little shorter. What?

Incoordination?

What I want is disharmony! "

"Add the double exhaust, yes!

It must be double exhaust, one on the left and one on the right. In addition, don't give me this kind of circular rear throat, replace it with a square one! "

"Side waist, make the waistline a little more obvious …"

On the computer, a car from the most common line draft was perfected little by little. Finally, there was the prototype of the Aurora.

Although this short and fat Bigfoot looked really weird, all the designers were surprised that such a strange combination didn't look ugly at all. On the contrary, the more they looked at it, the more they felt it was interesting.

At this moment, these designers didn't realize that they were designing an SUV that would amaze the world …