Chapter 1416

Even the all-powerful Gang Leader Qiao in the future was thrown into disarray under the onslaught of YYtunes.

In his eyes, YYtunes was not only ahead of iTunes by an era, but also by a dimension.

Being ahead of the times referred to the features of YYtunes that were in line with iTunes' direction.

Being ahead of the other dimensions referred to the unique social ecology of YYtunes, which was a gene that iTunes did not possess at all.

The strength of YYtunes had only just begun to show!

An hour after it went online, YYtunes obtained the data of the first hour of its launch through user behavior. The major charts immediately entered the normal display stage. Since users were in an active state, the charts changed very quickly.

Michael Jackson, 50 Cent, Linkin-Park, etc.

The rankings of European and American singers rose rapidly. Due to Hua Xia's strong user base, a small number of Hua Xia's singers and Chinese songs also made the charts. For example, the popular Zhou Jielun's "Secret Signal" made it into the top 10 of the Hot Songs chart.

However, because the song was released in July 2002, it was recorded in July 2002 when it was entered into the backstage. Since it had been released for a year, it did not make it into the new songs chart.

The rapidly changing charts attracted the close attention of fans, especially those fans of their idols. In order to help their idols climb up the rankings, they began to invite others to help give their songs and singers likes on YY and various websites. For these fanatical fans, the YYtunes chart was like the trend chart of the stock market during a super bull market. They dared not be distracted for even a moment.

Since the first month of online listening was free, the top-up flow of YYtunes after its launch was not high. Only a small number of users who downloaded singles and albums provided millions of dollars in revenue. However, Li Mu was not worried about this at all. Now that the product had just been launched, the first thing users needed to do was to integrate into the music and social world, instead of asking them to pay for music right off the bat.

According to the rhythm set by Li Mu, the first month of YYtunes's launch was the user nurturing period. The biggest task of this month was to attract as many users as possible to join YYtunes and immerse them in the music so that they would subjectively abandon all other online listening products.

As long as everything went smoothly during the nurturing period, they would officially launch the paid monthly subscription in the developed market in the second month. The monthly subscription fee was equivalent to 9.90 US dollars, and they would definitely create an amazing result.

As for the paid download business, Li Mu was even more confident. Monthly revenue had its own bottleneck. For example, 10 million paying users could generate revenue of 99 million USD per month. If he wanted to grow on this basis, he would have to increase the number of paying users. This would become more and more difficult in the future.

On the other hand, paid downloads were not a bottleneck for a single user. A paid user might only download one song in the first month, but after a year, when he got used to the paid service, he might develop to buying 10 to 20 songs per month. In that case, the monthly revenue generated could exceed 20 USD, or even more. Therefore, this was a long-term growth line. In 2013, Apple's paid music download revenue had reached more than 3 billion USD. If converted to monthly revenue, the monthly revenue would exceed 300 million USD.

…

Although it was launched globally, YYtunes had different strategies in different countries and regions. In countries and regions where copyright protection was mature, YYtunes directly launched a monthly subscription service and paid download service. However, in countries and regions where copyright protection was not mature enough, Makino Technology adopted the "temporarily free" operating strategy of the online subscription service. It temporarily provided free services that were supposed to be paid for, instead of making the music free directly. This was to prevent users from instinctively thinking that the music service itself should be free.

In the "temporarily free" regions, YYtunes did not provide free download services. If users wanted to download music through YYtunes, they still had to pay. It was the same in Hua Xia. Users could listen to songs for free on YYtunes, but they could not download songs for free. If there was a need to download free songs, they could search for pirated resources websites.

Other than the difference in the form of service payment, there was no difference in the other business functions of YYtunes in any country and region in the world. All music in the copyright library was open to users worldwide. All users could comment on any song, and all comments would be displayed to all users, regardless of the language of the comment.

If it was a classic song by Michael Jackson, "Billie-Jean," the comments under the song might include any language in the world. However, in order not to let a particular language monopolize the comment section, YYtunes specially designed a logic for displaying the comments. That was: 50% of the comments must be selected from the comments that were the same as the user's native language. The remaining 50% would be selected from the five other languages with the highest number of users other than the user's native language.

For example, if a user using the English version of YYtunes opened the comment section of the song "Billie-Jean," then of the ten comments displayed at the top, five of them would be the top five with the highest number of likes from all the English comments. The remaining five would be displayed respectively from the Chinese comments, Indian comments, Arabic comments, Spanish comments, and Russian comments with the highest number of likes.

If a user using the Chinese version of YYtunes opened this song, there would be five comments in the comment section in Chinese and five comments in other languages.

Most users would not master more than two languages, which meant that out of the ten comments displayed in six languages, almost four of them could not be understood by the user. During development, someone in the Makino Technology team suggested that they should match the user's native language with the comments based on the user's native language, but Li Mu directly rejected it.

If a user using the name Hua Xia opened the music comment section of "Billie-Jean" and found that it was all Chinese comments, he would definitely feel a sense of familiarity. However, this sense of familiarity would make him lose the "world view" that Li Mu wanted him to have.

On the contrary, Li Mu did not want his YYtunes to bring a sense of familiarity to users from all over the world. He hoped that this software could be like Facebook, or even like the Hubble Space Telescope, to give users a sense of vastness. Li Mu wanted to display the comments that the users could not understand, so that they would realize that this was not just a simple music software, but a music software used by people all over the world!

In order to stimulate the motivation of users to post comments, YYtunes specially introduced a user level, along with a point reward. Every comment that was published would get a certain amount of points. If a comment was selected as an essence, not only would it get more points, but the higher the number of likes, the more points the comment would get. The accumulated points could be used to upgrade the software, and it could also be used to exchange.

In YYtunes, points could be used to exchange for singles, albums, and even monthly services. However, the system had its own screening mechanism. If a user randomly spammed in order to get points, the system would deduct the points obtained by the other party through irregular channels. There were even punishment measures such as deductions and account suspensions.

In the cooperation agreement between YYtunes and major record companies, everyone also agreed that the products redeemed by users would not be included in the revenue. In this way, YYtunes did not need to subsidize users and record companies, which reduced operating costs.

As the user level continued to increase, the user not only had a more eye-catching level display, but more importantly, they could become a "music expert". Once they became a music expert, they would be eligible for the system's recommendation, which would increase their attention and fans.

As Li Mu expected, the music review function was immediately loved and sought after by users all over the world after it was launched!

In the past, there were countless different products and websites for people to listen to songs online. Take the American market for example. Although people were also listening to Beyoncé online, they were scattered on dozens of websites and software. All they did was listen to the song. To put it bluntly, this behavior was a one-way data request. Users would request data of a certain song by Beyoncé from different platforms. These platforms would transmit the data to the user's computer according to the user's needs, and then the computer would play it.

This kind of listening method was no different from television. Every television audience only had a one-way data request with the television station. The audience did not watch the program on the same television station, and it was even more impossible to have the opportunity to create interaction between the audience and the audience through the television.

However, on YYtunes, users could break this one-way data transfer mode for the first time. Not only could they listen to the song through Download, but they could also upload their own comments to the song through Upload.

Since everyone was commenting on the same platform, on the basis of mutual interaction between the user and the song, countless users could also be linked together through a certain song or a certain person through the comments. In an instant, the peer-to-peer interaction became peer-to-peer interaction. This kind of change in experience made the users extremely happy.

For users, they could suddenly see users from all over the world who had the same music preferences as them. They could comment on the music they liked. Half of these comments were in their mother tongue. For the other half, some they could understand, and some they did not even know what language they were speaking. This instantly made them feel the global charm of the Internet. On the other side of the world, tens of thousands of kilometers away from them, there was someone they had never met before who liked the same music as them. He or she had left his or her comments on the song in his or her own language. This feeling was really amazing!

This was the "world pattern" that Li Mu wanted to convey to users all over the world through YYtunes and music. Music was not a unique product of a certain country, a certain ethnic group, or even a certain language. It was a "language" shared by all human beings in the world. Every language was local, but only music was global!

…

As the time spent online increased, the various statistics of YYtunes continued to be irresistible!

After 48 hours of putting a lot of effort into YYtunes, the global active users had exceeded 100 million.

There was only one statistical criterion for the number of active users: YY users who had logged in on YYtunes.

Since YYtunes was completely dependent on the YY ecosystem, it only accepted YY accounts to log in.

The number of users exceeded 100 million in 48 hours shocked all the industry peers. For many companies and products, reaching 100 million users in 48 months was already a very successful thing. However, for Makino Technology, they only needed 48 hours …

This amazing data made all the people on the Internet aware of the powerful role of a huge ecosystem. With the help of the YY ecosystem, YYtunes could become a tall building in the blink of an eye. In the future, no one knew how many more monster-level products like YYtunes would be incubated by the behemoth YY.

When a company had such a strong ecosystem, it was like it had a super strong buff. This buff was so exaggerated that no one would dare to doubt it if it could increase its own strength by 500% and weaken the strength of its opponents by 90%.

This also made the world's capital market begin to reconsider the actual influence of Makino Technology and the current valuation of the company.