Chapter 43

Indeed, Li Mu wasn't familiar with Guo Yuhang. At most, they had played hide-and-seek together in the courtyard when they were young. This fellow always relied on his father's position to act shamelessly. In the end, not many people of the same age in the community liked him. His reputation in the West Ridge Coal Mine had long been tarnished. Therefore, Li Mu didn't have a good impression of Guo Yuhang.

Normally, he wouldn't slap someone who was smiling at him, but today's situation was special. It didn't matter if this fellow called his name wrongly. The key was that the fundamental motive of him trying to get close to Guo Yuhang was simply because he coveted Su Yingxue. It was so obvious that even Li Mu felt ashamed for him. Therefore, he didn't want to give Guo Yuhang any face in front of Su Yingxue. Otherwise, with his arrogant and despotic character, he would definitely pester Su Yingxue the moment he was given a chance.

Therefore, when Li Mu said "I'm not familiar with you", Guo Yuhang thought that Guo Yuhang would be flattered and try his best to cater to him. However, when Guo Yuhang heard this, he almost fell out with him.

To Guo Yuhang, if anyone from the West Ridge Coal Mine dared to talk to him like this, he would have slapped them in the face. He might even beat them up. Of course, this included Li Mu, whose name he couldn't remember. However, he couldn't do anything in front of Su Yingxue today.

There were only two reasons why he came to register for driving lessons today. Other than getting a driver's license, he also wanted to hook up with young girls who had graduated from high school. He didn't expect to see a rare beauty like Su Yingxue. He had already handled more than a dozen women, but in his opinion, all of them added up couldn't compare to Su Yingxue. When he first saw Su Yingxue, he repeatedly warned himself in his heart that he must get this woman.

Originally, he had been planning to find a way to be in the same class as Su Yingxue. Then, he would gradually attack her. When he saw Li Mu chatting with her, he thought he found a shortcut. He didn't expect that Li Mu didn't know how to appreciate favors. He was simply seeking his own death.

"Li Mu, you've already graduated from high school, but you're still so rude."

Guo Yuhang smiled and didn't look angry at all. After saying that, he turned to Su Yingxue and said, "Beauty, don't mind him. Li Mu has always been like this. He's a little serious and not very approachable."

Guo Yuhang was someone who had mingled in society for a long time. He smiled and said a Tai Tai in his words. He felt that he was almost able to resolve most of the awkwardness caused by Li Mu in front of Su Yingxue. However, Su Yingxue didn't buy it.

"In the future, please remember the other party's name before you greet them. If you can't remember it, then ask first. This is the most basic respect."

Su Yingxue's tone was ice cold and even carried a bit of contempt. It was completely different from the tone and demeanor she had when she was chatting with Li Mu.

F * ck!

Guo Yuhang realized that he had made an extremely unfavorable start. The beauty in front of him asked him like this. It was obvious that she had the same attitude as Li Mu and was a bit disgusted with him.

He left such a bad first impression in front of a beauty. If he knew this would happen, he wouldn't have bothered with her. Also, this Li Mu really didn't know how to appreciate favors. He must be tired of living!

Guo Yuhang clenched his teeth and said to Li Mu with a sullen face: "Alright, I'll remember what happened today."

Li Mu nodded: "Then remember it clearly. My surname is Li, not Chen."

When Guo Yuhang saw that Li Mu didn't even put him in his eyes, he was furious and wanted to explode on the spot. However, he had already ruined his first impression in front of the beauty. If they were to fight again, then there would be no turning back. Moreover, Li Mu was half a head taller than him. He didn't have the confidence that he could beat him. Since this brat didn't give him any face, he shouldn't be like the other workers of the West Ridge Coal Mine who didn't dare to fight back in front of him.

Thus, Guo Yuhang could only repeatedly suppress the anger in his heart. He thought to himself that after this beauty signed up today, they would definitely see each other frequently for the next twenty days. As for Li Mu, he was the worker of the West Ridge Coal Mine. The monk can run but the temple can't. These two people and these two matters, he wouldn't let them go easily. Let's just ride the donkey and read the libretto.

Just wait and see! After that, Guo Yuhang didn't say anything and directly queued behind Li Mu. He thought to himself that since everyone was so close, there was a 99% chance that they would be in the same class and on the same bus. That way, there would be plenty of opportunities to do something in the future.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue saw that he was so thick-skinned. Not only did he not leave, but he even queued behind him. They looked at each other and could see the disgust in each other's eyes towards his actions.

After queuing for about twenty minutes, it was finally Su Yingxue's turn. After she paid the fee, the person in charge of registration told her that the number was Class 2, Number 13. The theory class would start at nine in the morning the day after tomorrow. Su Yingxue hurriedly asked: "May I know how many people are in a bus?"

"Fifteen."

Su Yingxue's heart skipped a beat. I'm thirteen, Li Mu is fourteen. Doesn't that mean that annoying brat is fifteen?

Guo Yuhang also heard the conversation between the two of them. He was extremely proud in his heart. This is fate, you can't run away!

When Li Mu began to pay the fee, Guo Yuhang crossed his arms with a face full of arrogance and pride.

"Li Mu, right? In the future, we will be in the same class learning to drive, so please take care of me."

Li Mu turned his head to look at Guo Yuhang and ignored him. At this time, his phone suddenly rang with a text message notification. Li Mu opened it and saw that it was from Zhao Kang.

"I fell asleep just now. Help me sign up, the ID number is …"

At this time, the person at the counter handed the receipt and a book of traffic regulations to Li Mu: "Car 2, Number 14. Come to the driving school next Monday at nine in the morning to learn theory."

Just as Guo Yuhang was about to excitedly take down car 2, Li Mu said to the staff: "Please add one more person, his name is Zhao Kang, Kang as in health, the ID number is …"

Car 2, Number 15, just like that, went to Zhao Kang.

Guo Yuhang felt like he had been f * cked in his heart. To him, hitting on girls was already secondary. The key was that Li Mu didn't give him face. He really couldn't swallow this anger.

Li Mu took Zhao Kang's receipt and class assignment slip and walked out with Su Yingxue. Guo Yuhang gritted his teeth, but he couldn't do anything at the moment. He could only temporarily remember this debt and prepare to settle it with Li Mu in the future.

Li Mu didn't pay attention to Guo Yuhang. He also helped Zhao Kang sign up, and then he and Su Yingxue left the registration office together.

At the door, Li Mu asked Su Yingxue: "Where are you going now?

Do you want me to ask my sister to send you there? "

Su Yingxue raised her eyebrows, and her eyes were deep: "The one driving the Audi is your sister?"

"Mhmm." Li Mu nodded.

Su Yingxue didn't know why, but she seemed to let out a sigh of relief in her heart. Her mood also became a lot better: "I won't trouble you guys. I just happen to be going to my aunt's house. Her house is just across the street."

Li Mu saw that the district Su Yingxue pointed at was diagonally across the street, about two to three hundred meters away, so he said: "Then call me if you need anything."

Su Yingxue thought for a moment and said: "The college entrance exam results will come out in a few days. If you can pass 620, I'll treat you to a meal."

"Then what if I can't pass?" Li Mu smiled frivolously and asked.

"Then you treat me."

"Okay, then it's a deal."

"Mhmm, then I'll leave first."

Li Mu watched Su Yingxue cross the street before returning to Chen Wan's Audi.

"That girl, is she your classmate?" Chen Wan asked Su Yingxue who was across the street.

Li Mu answered: "Classmate."

Chen Wan praised: "She's really pretty!"

Li Mu laughed: "You're even prettier!

Hurry up and go, I'll drive after we leave the city. "