Chapter 934

Sun Zhengyi is frustrated these few days.

He is frustrated because of Le Tao's predicament.

Although Sun Zhengyi was not in China, he was very concerned about the situation of China's Internet. He had always been optimistic about the development of China's Internet, and it was also because of Boss Ma's prospects that he invested in Alibaba and LeTao.

But ever since Li Mu appeared in Hua Xia, Hua Xia Internet's development has changed dramatically. The ambitious Boss Ma does not want to see Li Mu become the overlord of the C2C market, and he took the initiative to attack Li Mu. But he did not expect himself to be in such a passive position.

LeTaoTao.com had invested 2 million USD in marketing fees, but the conversion rate was getting worse. Now, it had reached the point where it needed nearly 100 USD to convert one registered user. The conversion rate was so low that it was almost collapsing. Sun Zhengyi felt that no internet industry in the world could be compared to LeTaoTao.com in terms of user acquisition cost. LeTaoTao.com had simply created a world record, a world record that was humiliating and despairing.

Before Li Mu launched his attack, Sun Zhengyi felt that Le Tao had a high chance of breaking out of the encirclement. This is because this platform not only has Boss Ma's B2B platform to support it, but it also has his own financial support. Amazon, a multinational internet company, is also one of Le Tao's shareholders. Furthermore, Le Tao also has a ready-made book and video e-commerce website, Dangdang. Overall, Le Tao looks very powerful. But Sun Zhengyi did not expect that Le Tao would be defeated by Li Mu.

Le Tao's promotions had not started yet, but Sun Zhengyi had already announced Le Tao's death in his heart.

Just when Sun Zhengyi is about to give up on Le Tao, Boss Ma proposed another proposal. He wants to give up more profits to Taobao. What Sun Zhengyi cannot accept is Boss Ma's proposal. He wants Amazon and him to invest another 20 million USD to support his and Taobao's promotions.

10 million USD is not a lot to Sun Zhengyi, but it is not a small amount either. Even though Sun Zhengyi's net worth is over 100 million USD, the purchasing power of 10 million USD is shocking in any country. If SoftBank wants to invest such a large sum of money, it must not go to waste.

Sun Zhengyi carefully studied the plan that Boss Ma gave him. In the plan, Boss Ma hoped to immediately adjust the strategy and publicity methods in the last few days. He wanted to directly give each registered user a 30 yuan voucher to carry out the promotion. There was only one threshold to use this 30 yuan voucher, which was to purchase 99 yuan during the promotion. Originally, there was a 20% discount for 99 yuan purchases, plus free postage. Now, there was a 20% discount for 99 yuan purchases, minus 30 yuan plus free postage. If a consumer purchased a 100 yuan item, they would only need to pay 50 yuan in the end, and Taobao would have to pay the postage.

Based on Le Tao's calculations, for every 100 USD transaction, the company will lose at least 20 USD. To Sun Zhengyi, this figure is too shocking.

Boss Ma's reason is that only through such a large promotion can they attract and gather users under Taobao's huge influence. If a platform wants to stand firm, the first thing it needs is users.

In addition to users, Boss Ma also feels that no matter how much pressure Taobao brings to Le Tao, Le Tao must produce beautiful figures for this 929 promotion to show the strength and size of their platform. Only in this way can they attract the attention of enterprises and small and medium-sized sellers. Otherwise, if the trading volume of the entire platform is not ideal, enterprises and small and medium-sized sellers will not pay attention to their own platform at all, let alone choose to develop on their own platform.

On Brand Day, Taobao showed the size of their platform to enterprises and small and medium-sized sellers in the country: it can create more than two billion trading volume in a day. Only with such a large trading volume can it move enterprises and small and medium-sized sellers. After all, with such a large piece of cake, everyone will feel that they have a chance to get a share of it.

If Le Tao's first promotion has a trading volume of one or two hundred million, or even tens of millions, wanting to attract enterprises with a little bit of strength is basically a fool's dream.

Although Boss Ma's words are reasonable, Sun Zhengyi is still unwilling to accept this plan. In his opinion, Boss Ma is obviously going to stake it all on one throw and burn the boat.

After careful analysis, Sun Zhengyi believes that with such a strong opponent like Taobao, Le Tao can completely confront Taobao head-on, and the chances of winning are zero. In front of Taobao, Le Tao can't be considered a real opponent. If Taobao is a strong boxer, Le Tao is like a paralyzed patient. If you force it to stand in the ring with money, once the opponent attacks fiercely or stops investing, Le Tao will definitely fall.

If tens of millions can let Le Tao stand in the ring, then this money is worth investing. However, in Sun Zhengyi's opinion, Le Tao is a platform destined to fall. What's the point of spending tens of millions to let it stand for a few more days?

Therefore, he asked his investment manager to send a fax back to Boss Ma. In this fax, Sun Zhengyi expressed his three opinions.

First, he doesn't support Boss Ma's plan to continue to fight with Taobao, and he won't continue to invest in it.

Second, Le Tao can't continue to confront Taobao head-on, or it will die.

Third, I advise Boss Ma to give up on imitating Li Mu's B2C industrial model. I suggest that Boss Ma completely give up B2C, become a service platform that only serves small and medium-sized sellers, and don't get involved in any self-operated business.

After expressing these three opinions, Sun Zhengyi left a private message for Boss Ma. "Jack, you told me before that you want to create a C2C platform similar to eBay, but more flexible, more focused, and free for both buyers and sellers. But why do you want to be influenced by Li Mu and Taobao? Why do you want to invest a lot of manpower and resources into B2C and compete with Li Mu head-on?

Li Mu has a strong marketing channel, a strong cash reserve, and a strong social influence. To confront him head-on, in Hua Xia's words, is like hitting a rock with an egg. I think you should think about it carefully. Clear your mind, shift Le Tao's focus from B2C to C2C, and shift your competitors from Taobao to eBay. Only then will you have a chance to succeed. "

When Boss Ma saw this fax, he almost went berserk in the office.

"Sun Zhengyi is so pessimistic about Le Tao's future?

He even asked me to clear my mind. I think he is the one who should clear his mind! "

Boss Ma was furious in front of several core employees. In his opinion, Sun Zhengyi had not only rejected him, but he had also denied himself. This was unacceptable to his pride.

Boss Ma was a proud person. All along, his greatest sense of achievement was to use his own thinking and his own eloquence to impress those who were much higher than him. He felt that he was the one who should teach others how to do things. As for an investor like Sun Zhengyi, the most important thing for him to do was to acknowledge him and then invest in him. However, Sun Zhengyi suddenly rejected him and denied him at the same time. How could Boss Ma accept this?

This additional plan was the only path that Boss Ma had found after repeated deductions in the past few days. When he couldn't compare with Taobao in terms of product, publicity, and plan, the only thing he could do was to come up with a more attractive preferential strategy than Taobao. This meant that he needed to lose money and earn more publicity to do a good job in Le Tao's first promotion.

Boss Ma felt that as long as he did his best to do a good job in the promotion, he would be able to open up a certain situation. At least, he would be able to stand firm in the torrent and have a chance to go against the current. However, if he didn't stand firm this time, he wouldn't be able to stand up again after the torrent. If he wanted to stand up again, he could only avoid the torrent and try to stand in the stream with a gentle flow. In that case, he would be giving up the main battlefield and leave the main battlefield to Li Mu. From then on, he would be completely sealed by Li Mu. This was unacceptable to Boss Ma.

However, the most painful thing was that Sun Zhengyi was not willing to pay!

If Boss Ma doesn't have money, how can he do a large-scale promotion?

Lu Zhaoxi said. "Boss Ma, Amazon still has not replied to us. If they are willing to pay, we can ask them to pressure Sun Zhengyi. Maybe Sun Zhengyi will give in."

Cai Chongxin nodded. "Sun Zhengyi had rejected us, and that means we don't have enough influence on him. We can only pin our hopes on Amazon. From what Yang Weilian had said, Amazon wants us to invest more in Le Tao. That means Amazon is prepared to invest more in Le Tao."

Hearing this, Boss Ma calmed down a little and nodded slightly.

Lu Zhaoxi and Cai Chongxin were right. The most important thing now is to get Amazon to agree.

Boss Ma had mentioned this proposal to William, but William didn't say anything. He said he needs to consult his head office first.

Suddenly, someone knocked on Boss Ma's office door. "Come in."

It was William Yang who pushed the door open.