Chapter 1681

Felix had a lot of opinions about inviting Li Mu to appear on the cover of the American edition of Time Magazine. He thought that Li Mu didn't deserve to appear on the cover of Time Magazine no matter what.

But what he didn't expect was that Li Mu didn't seem to be interested in appearing on the cover, and he even made a series of outrageous requests.

So far, although Time Magazine had used children on its cover, those children were representative figures of extraordinary significance at that time. For example, they had captured poor children in Africa and featured children who were war refugees. Other than that, they had never used a childhood photo of an adult as a cover.

Moreover, he had been invited by Time Magazine to appear on the cover, but the person in question didn't even give him the face to be interviewed. This was really too much.

What Felix couldn't accept the most was that Li Mu actually refused to mention God in Time Magazine's report!

Although the United States was known as the largest country of immigrants in the world, this country was actually a puritanical country. Traditional Americans believed in God and at the same time respected the Second Amendment. It could be said that one hand was used to hold the Bible, and the other was used to hold a rifle.

It was such a country that once implemented a strict ban on alcohol and made abortion illegal. The president had to place his hand on the Bible and recite an oath when he took office. From this, it could be seen how deeply rooted their worship of religion was.

However, Li Mu didn't like this feeling.

He respected every faith in the world, but as an atheist, he didn't want to be associated with any religion.

Felix angrily conveyed Li Mu's words to the higher-ups of Time Warner and protested, "Li Mu doesn't want us to mention God in our reports about him. This is an insult to our faith!

We can't let such a person appear on the cover of our magazine. "

The higher-ups of Time Warner said indifferently, "Li Mu is not American, nor is he a puritan. He just doesn't want you to mention God in your reports about him, and he doesn't want to interfere with your freedom in other articles. What's wrong with that?"

Felix argued, "We are a puritanical country. This is our faith and tradition!"

The higher-ups of Time Warner asked him, "So what?

Just because we have our own beliefs and traditions, do we have to demand it from others?

Let me ask you, if you are the manager of a McDonald's restaurant, is there anything wrong with a customer simply asking him not to put ketchup in his fries?

Just because your restaurant provides French fries with ketchup, does that mean he has to eat them? "

Felix was rendered speechless.

He didn't expect that the usually taciturn senior executive would be so talkative when it came to debating. With just a few words, he had no way out.

At this moment, the other party cleared his throat and said, "Felix, we all know what kind of person you are. But I have to remind you that it doesn't matter if you are prejudiced or not. Everyone has some shameful things in their hearts, but you'd better lock your personal views in your heart. If you dare to bring them to work, I'll immediately suggest to the board that you be replaced!

I will inform the board of directors if you leak any information about your daily life and are caught by others. I will also ask the board of directors to remove you! "

Felix felt a chill down his spine from the other party's stern tone. He hurriedly changed his tone and said respectfully, "Don't worry, I will remember your instructions and will never cause trouble for the company or myself …"

The other party grunted and said, "It's good that you know what to do. You must do your best to make Li Mu the cover story. Now, Wall Street generally believes that with Li Mu's development speed, his net worth is likely to exceed 500 billion US dollars in the next five years. Do you know what that means?

If you offend him and miss this opportunity, you can pack up and get ready to leave! "

Felix was shocked by this figure. More than 500 billion US dollars in five years?

Wasn't this figure too scary?

Was it possible?

Felix agreed obediently while looking for an opportunity to contact his friend on Wall Street and ask him in private about the possibility of this news.

This friend of his was also a high-tech talent in Silicon Valley in the early years, but later, because of his family business, he came to Wall Street to become a financial analyst. It could be said that he knew more about the Internet than the average Wall Street person.

In fact, Felix also knew that Li Mu's current net worth had already reached 100 billion US dollars. However, because he had just experienced the Internet bubble, he didn't think that 100 billion US dollars was a big deal. Around 2000, the market value of many Internet companies skyrocketed, but this kind of bubble money came and went quickly. Today, Li Mu was still a genius, but tomorrow, the bubble burst again, and he would become a billionaire.

What Felix didn't expect was that after he asked this friend on YY, the other party immediately replied to him: "Breaking 500 billion US dollars in five years is just the superficial judgment of those guys on Wall Street. I think with Li Mu's current layout, it's possible in three years."

"Three years?

Are you crazy?

How can Li Mu do it?! "

Felix originally wanted to hear some comments that looked down on Li Mu, but he didn't expect that his friend's praise of Li Mu was even higher than the general understanding of Wall Street.

His friend explained, "Li Mu has several business lines with great potential. For example, he acquired Apple some time ago, and he didn't fire any of Apple's employees. However, Apple hasn't made any new moves. This huge contrast shows that Apple should be doing large-scale research and development, and Li Mu is likely to be up to something big.

"Li Mu's Taobao website is doing very well, and the supporting high-efficiency logistics of small parcels has also achieved the industry-leading level of technical content. The Internet is developing so fast, and e-commerce is also getting bigger and bigger. Li Mu's Taobao website can become a unicorn just by relying on the Hua Xia market. If Li Mu decides to let Taobao go overseas, this business line is likely to become the future online Wal-Mart."

Felix asked doubtfully, "Online Wal-Mart?

Is that Taobao website really as amazing as you say? "

The other person sent a smiling emoji and said, "Everyone looks at a problem from a different perspective, but I personally think that if Li Mu brings out Taobao in the future and does it globally, it will definitely be a huge business opportunity."

The other person added, "Moreover, Li Mu has already started building data processing centers all over the world. Currently, no Internet company can compare to Makino Technology in terms of data processing capabilities. Now, not only can Makino Technology's data processing centers fully meet Makino Technology's own needs, but they've even started doing ToB business. They've opened up their redundant data processing capabilities to other Internet companies, and this business line has a very bright future. It can even develop into a trillion-dollar market in the next ten years. So, if all these business lines of Li Mu's develop smoothly, I think a net worth of 500 billion in three years is nothing."

Felix couldn't help but ask, "Is there such a huge market for data processing?"

The other person said, "It looks scary, but it's easy to calculate. There are six billion people in the world, and Wal-Mart only covers less than one billion people in its offline retail business, yet it already has a market value of nearly 300 billion US dollars. Among the top ten richest people in the world, half of them are the children of Wal-Mart's founders. Li Mu covers nearly one billion netizens around the world. In the future, half of the Internet services used by these netizens may be supported by Makino Technology's data processing centers. How much profit do you think there is in this?"

Speaking up to this point, he added, "And most importantly, the growth rate of global netizens is much faster than the growth of the number of customers covered by Wal-Mart. In a few years, the number of global netizens may exceed two billion, or even three billion. If that day really comes, Makino Technology's data processing business will definitely make a lot of money."

Felix was shocked and couldn't help but ask, "Since this part of the business is so profitable, why haven't other companies started on it?"

The other person replied, "It's too expensive, and the threshold is too high. Doing something like this is equivalent to investing in a large number of hubs around the world and purchasing a large number of planes for transportation between hubs. Not many companies can afford it, not to mention there's a super player like Makino Technology. I think with Makino Technology's current speed of development, at least 50% of the global Internet's data processing business will be in their hands in the future. When that time comes, they'll really make a lot of money."

At this stage, the prospects of cloud computing could only be seen by those who really understood the Internet. Felix naturally knew nothing about it, but after listening to his friend's analysis, he was completely dumbfounded.

The other person concluded, "Actually, with Li Mu's current ability, as long as he doesn't choose the wrong direction, he can basically succeed in anything he does. You see, your Times Magazine seems to have a great influence, but in fact, compared to the saturation of YY or Titter on Weibo, there's more than an order of magnitude difference. I think if Li Mu wants to, he can replace Murdoch at any time and become the new media mogul. At that time, media like your Times Magazine will only be left with the symbolic meaning of years of operation. Do you understand the symbolic meaning I'm talking about?

It means that people no longer pay attention to what's written in Times Magazine. They only pay attention to who's on the cover of this issue. "

Felix was amazed by his friend's conclusion. There was already a lot of data to prove this point. Times Magazine's sales had been declining, and every issue of Times Magazine's cover would be reported by other media. To be honest, most people paid attention to Times Magazine now just to see its cover.

At this time, the friend suddenly asked, "By the way, have you tried to invite Li Mu?

If Li Mu is willing to be on your cover, then you're really in luck! "