Chapter 225

On Monday, Li Mu received a notice from the school leaders that Lv Zhigang, the Deputy Mayor of the Municipal Party Committee in charge of education, was scheduled to come to the National People's Congress on Tuesday morning for an inspection. The main purpose of this visit was to inspect 3321 and meet with the founder of 3321, Li Mu, and hold a discussion at the National People's Congress.

There was a rumor that the Central TV's Focus Interview program for 3321's special program was scheduled for Tuesday night. Lv Zhigang came at this time because he wanted to be a step ahead of Hua Xia on Central TV. If he waited for Central TV to broadcast his program before coming, it would inevitably make people think that he was lazy in politics.

The National People's Congress did not dare to slight the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee's inspection, and Li Mu could not be belittled either. The school leaders dragged him along for more than two hours, and roughly formulated a general process of welcome, inspection, discussion, meal, and farewell.

Lv Zhigang's secretary said that they would be eating at the cafeteria, so the school had to hold a meeting for the cafeteria in advance. They had to put in enough effort for the dishes tomorrow, and they could not let the leaders and audience feel that the National People's Congress cafeteria was a scam.

After the brothers of Dorm 606 returned from Yang City, Li Mu gathered everyone and Dong Ai for a meal at night. It was the first time that a leader came to inspect 3321, so it was impossible to say that it did not take it seriously. Previously, 3321 only attracted the attention of the media. Although it also attracted the attention of the official media like Central TV, it was still the media, and not the real government. This time, it was the Deputy Mayor in charge of education. Although he did not have any control over the National People's Congress, he was still the biggest leader in the city's education system, so he definitely had to treat it seriously.

At the dining table, Li Mu said to everyone, "Tomorrow, Mayor Lv will definitely bring the media, and I heard that our episode of Focus Interview will be broadcast tomorrow night, so I think Mayor Lv will definitely bring the Yanjing TV Station's reporters. The inspection will be in the morning, and it will be broadcast at 6: 30 pm before the news broadcast. I won't be participating in any interviews tomorrow, and Senior Sister Ai, you will be in charge of the media."

When Dong Ai joined 3321, she told Li Mu very honestly that she wanted to come to 3321 for an internship. Money didn't matter, but she needed a management position. Li Mu also knew that Dong Ai said this in a subtle way, that she wanted to use 3321's reputation to enrich her future resume. Ever since Dong Ai joined 3321, she had used her actions to prove her ability. Now, the overall operation of 3321 was basically under Dong Ai's control, and he rarely asked about it anymore.

Since Dong Ai was very honest about wanting to use 3321 to pave the way, Li Mu was also happy to satisfy her needs. It just so happened that he did not want to continue spending a lot of time and energy on 3321 in the future, so he might as well put her in front of the stage.

Dong Ai was also grateful for Li Mu's thoughtfulness in her heart. He was able to understand other people's needs, and before she even yawned, he had already passed her a pillow.

Li Mu also reminded his brothers in the dorm that they must all be at the scene tomorrow. If they showed their faces in front of the media now, it might be helpful in the future.

The brothers all nodded repeatedly. They were extremely envious of Li Mu's current treatment. During the day, there was no roll call, when he slept at night, there was no check on him. Most importantly, he could pass the exams regardless of whether he took them or not. When he was in his senior year, it would definitely not be a problem for him to get into graduate school. With such good treatment, the five people in Dorm 606 were already drooling with envy.

Finally, Li Mu said to Dong Ai, "After tomorrow, 3321 will really be famous throughout the country. It's time to expand 3321's business line to other cities."

When Dong Ai heard this, her eyes lit up and she asked him, "Are we really going to expand to other cities?"

Li Mu nodded. "Right now, the scale of the team is enough. Senior Ai, come up with a plan in the next few days. 3321's next city is Shanghai, and you will be fully responsible for all the market expansion."

Dong Ai's blood was also rich with the genes of a strong woman. When Li Mu handed such an important task to her, she was instantly filled with fighting spirit.

…

The next morning, an Audi A6 and three Passats formed a motorcade that slowly drove into the main entrance of Renmin University. Other than the four black sedans, there were many police cars in front and behind the motorcade. After the police cars reached the school gate, they did not follow them in. Li Mu and the school leaders waited downstairs of the academic administration building, while the others waited in the three rooms for the leaders to inspect.

A few reporters had already arrived half an hour ago. A few reporters had set up their cameras and were just waiting for the leaders to arrive.

At around 9: 30 am, the A6 slowly drove over and stopped in front of everyone.

A middle-aged man with a briefcase got out of the front passenger seat. As soon as he got out of the car, he immediately opened the door of the back seat. Then, a man with a scholarly temperament got out of the car. He looked about 40 or 50 years old, thin, and wore a pair of nearsighted glasses. He looked more like a professor than an official.

As soon as Lv Zhigang got out of the car, a few school leaders from the National People's Congress warmly greeted him. Although they were not direct superiors and subordinates, the school leaders from the National People's Congress and Lv Zhigang had already dealt with each other before, so they were considered familiar with each other.

Lv Zhigang came over today with four people. One was his secretary, one was the head of the Education Commission, and the last one was an official from the Education Commission who was in charge of the college entrance examination. In addition to these four people, there was also a plain-clothed police officer. He was the captain of the district police station. He came mainly to accompany and protect Lv Zhigang, mainly to show that the district police station valued Lv Zhigang.

After shaking hands and greeting in the official way, Lv Zhigang came in front of Li Mu. Li Mu's dean introduced, "Mayor Lv, this is Student Li Mu, the founder of 3321."

Lv Zhigang nodded and took the initiative to extend his hand to Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Student Li Mu, I've heard a lot about you!"

Li Mu hurriedly said with a humble face, "Mayor Lv, you're too polite. I'm just an ordinary student from our National People's Congress. There's nothing special about me."

Lv Zhigang smiled slightly and said, "It's very good that you're not arrogant or rash when you have achievements."

Li Mu thanked him and said that he would continue to maintain it. Lv Zhigang exchanged a few more polite words with him, and then the other people who accompanied him also shook hands with Li Mu one by one. However, Li Mu did not know who these people were.

After the ceremonial ceremony, Lv Zhigang and his group began to go through the formalities in the academic administration building under the lead of the school leaders. It was nothing more than listening to the school leaders' recent academic achievements and the results of quality education.

During this process, Li Mu was unable to escape because Lv Zhigang's attention seemed to be always on Li Mu. He kept taking time to discuss with Li Mu, so Li Mu could only follow him step by step, not daring to be distracted.

Just as Li Mu accompanied Lv Zhigang and his group to visit 3321's three rooms in the educational building, Tang Quan, who was still hugging the young model and sleeping soundly in the quilt, received a phone call.

Originally, Tang Quan was a little annoyed when he was woken up by the phone, but after seeing the name of the caller, he immediately turned over and sat up, blurting out, "How is it?"

"I found out. The other party is a first-year student from the School of Finance at Renmin University. His name is Li Mu."

"A first-year student?!"

Tang Quan was shocked and felt extremely humiliated. After all this time, he was actually beaten by a college student?

Tang Quan hurriedly asked, "What's the background of that guy?"

"Nothing much, from Nansu Province. He just came to Yanjing this year to study."

Tang Quan asked again, "Then why is he with Chen Ze and the others?"

"Chen Ze is also from Nansu Province. A few years ago, his father was transferred, so he followed to Yanjing."

The person on the phone said again, "By the way, Brother Quan, that Li Mu recently started a website. It seems to be quite famous, and Yanjing TV also interviewed him. If you want to touch him, you have to think carefully."

"Go to hell!" Tang Quan scolded angrily, "What's so good about starting a sh * tty website?

Is it great to be on TV?

I don't know how many women I have slept with on TV!

The only thing I'm worried about is his relationship with Chen Ze. Could this kid be a relative of Chen Ze? "

"I'm not sure about this, but I can't rule out this possibility."

Tang Quan was worried for a while. They were all from Nansu Province. Could that kid be a relative of Chen Ze?

He had a strong desire to find Li Mu for revenge, but if this Li Mu was a relative of Chen Ze, then he would definitely not dare to easily make a move. He was not a relative of Xu Jiahua. If Chen Ze really risked his life to fight with him, Xu Jiahua would not necessarily protect him.

Tang Quan called Xu Jiahua and wanted to sound out Xu Jiahua's intention. That night when he was beaten, Xu Jiahua also felt a little embarrassed. He could only blame himself for doing stupid things that night, so that Xu Jiahua could not intervene in front of so many people. After leaving the Carnival, Xu Jiahua also kept cursing. Looking at him at that time, it seemed that he also wanted to settle accounts with that kid.

After Xu Jiahua heard this on the phone, he said to Tang Quan, "If you want to do it, then do it. It's best if you do it well. I'll take care of Chen Ze. He's been an eyesore for a long time."

Tang Quan felt like he had obtained the imperial sword. He blurted out excitedly, "Brother Jiahua, leave it to me!"

After hanging up the phone, Tang Quan immediately called over a few of his underlings who usually worked in the cultural company. He thought bitterly in his heart, "Including myself, there are five of us. This afternoon, we will go to the National People's Congress and find that Li kid. We will beat him up first!

If Chen Ze has any objections, tell him to talk to Xu Jiahua! "

Li Mu, who was focused on accompanying the leader, was completely unaware of this. He had spent a lot of effort to introduce Dong Ai to Lv Zhigang, telling him that Dong Ai was now the actual person in charge of many affairs in 3321. Then, he was finally able to retreat from Lv Zhigang's side while Lv Zhigang was asking Dong Ai questions.