Chapter 450

It was the first time Li Mu heard someone say these words during an interview.

Because of love.

If it wasn't for the inappropriate occasion, he would have even wanted to continue singing, "I won't be sad easily, so everything looks like happiness …"

Not only was Li Mu surprised, but even Kong Lingyu was a little curious. He couldn't help but ask, "Is it convenient for you to tell me about it?"

Chen Hui hesitated for a moment, then said with an attitude of throwing caution to the wind, "You've seen my resume. My last job was at Tengxun. On the night that your company launched YY, I was still leading the maintenance team on duty …"

With this, Chen Hui, who had been depressed, suddenly opened his mouth. He told the story of how he logged off YY at work, how he heard about his ex-girlfriend in the YY group, and how he missed out on her due to a misunderstanding. Then, he told the story of how he came to Yanjing on impulse, but he didn't dare to face her directly. He also told the story of how he felt even more inferior when he heard that she received an offer from Makino Technology and had a bright future.

Finally, Chen Hui sighed deeply and said, "Actually, the reason I came to your company for the interview was to be able to enter Makino Technology before her and wait for her here …"

Kong Lingyu was so surprised that he didn't know what to say. He looked at him and then looked at Li Mu. Li Mu was also surprised. He didn't expect that it would be such a romantic love story filled with sadness and helplessness.

After a moment, Kong Lingyu shook his head helplessly and said, "Our company doesn't encourage internal employees to fall in love. Since she has already received the offer, if you come in again …"

Chen Hui hurriedly said, "I've broken up with her now, and I haven't contacted her for several years."

Kong Lingyu nodded and said, "Yes, but you just said that your purpose of coming here is for her."

Chen Hui seriously said, "If you think that my professional skills and personal qualifications are qualified for the position I'm applying for, then I hope that my personal affairs won't affect your judgment. If the company really doesn't encourage internal employees to fall in love, I'll immediately resign if we can really be together again. Let her stay in the company, and I'll look for another job."

Kong Lingyu smiled helplessly and said, "Director Sun, who interviewed you before, already had an understanding of your professional skills, so I won't ask you more questions about your professional skills. The company doesn't want to interfere too much with your relationship. You just have to handle it yourself, but I have to set three rules for you in advance."

When Chen Hui heard this, he was so excited that he almost couldn't speak. He swallowed his saliva and squeezed out two words with difficulty, "Please speak!"

Kong Lingyu said, "First of all, the love story you told just now can't leave this conference room. In other words, you can't mention it to any colleagues in the future, lest it causes a bad influence to other employees."

Chen Hui immediately nodded. "I will definitely not mention this to anyone."

"Okay."

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Secondly, if your ex-girlfriend is also employed, you can pursue her, but you can't bring unnecessary trouble to her. If she rejects you, you have to know your limits and keep your distance."

Chen Hui listened and nodded without hesitation. "I understand, I will definitely abide by it."

Kong Lingyu continued, "Thirdly, if the two of you are together, you have to inform me immediately. I will consider how to deal with the specific problems of the two of you."

Chen Hui also nodded and agreed instantly. "No problem, I will listen to your instructions!"

Kong Lingyu nodded and said, "Based on your work experience, I can temporarily give you a P6 probationary offer. The monthly salary range for a P6 is 8000 to 10000. As for how much you can negotiate, I'll need you to communicate with HR later. If you perform well during the probationary period, you'll be promoted to a P7 after you become a permanent employee."

Lin Ching-ah had already formulated a clear standard for the recruitment process of Makino Technology. When the resumes were sent to the company, several HR personnel who specialized in reviewing resumes would do the preliminary screening. For example, if the resumes did not meet the requirements of education and professional skills, or if the resumes were too weak, they would be sent to the relevant department leaders for review. The department leaders would personally screen the resumes and determine the person they were interested in. Then, the HR personnel would inform the person to come to the company for an interview.

For anyone who came for an interview, the interviewer for the preliminary interview should be the department head of the position. He would focus on the relevant skills of the person under him according to the requirements of the position. If the person's professional skills were okay, the department head could basically make the decision himself. Then, he could set a level for the person based on the person's qualifications, professional level, and interview performance. Only when the department head couldn't make a decision, or when the person's position was important, would the department head's superior conduct a second interview.

Under normal circumstances, if the department head nodded, it was equivalent to the person being hired. However, he still needed to communicate with HR once in the end. The HR personnel would use a more macro perspective to make a specific judgment on the person, and then set a standard salary for the person's level.

For example, the salary of P6 would fluctuate between 8000 to 10000. As for how much could be negotiated, it would depend on Chen Hui's performance in front of the HR personnel, and the HR personnel's judgment and evaluation of him.

After handing Chen Hui over to the HR personnel, Li Mu and Kong Lingyu walked out of the conference room. Actually, Li Mu had a very good impression of Chen Hui. This person might not be an expert in technology, but at the very least, he was a very, very typical coder. Li Mu could empathize with him. Just like Li Mu in his previous life, most hardworking IT men had a general and unified template. For example, they didn't have too many thoughts in their minds, were down-to-earth, and every penny was exchanged with the clacking of keyboards. While being reserved and diligent, their lives were extremely boring and empty. If they liked a girl, they would be so timid that they couldn't say it out loud. When they heard that someone was living a good life, they would feel gratified, but at the same time, they would feel even more inferior …

Chen Hui was like a microcosm of his previous life. In his previous life, he had also run from Jinling to Yanjing for the girl he loved. However, Chen Hui had something worthy of Li Mu's admiration, and that was that he at least took the initiative. On the other hand, he had stayed in Yanjing for so long in his previous life. Even when Su Yingxue returned from her studies in America, the two of them were in the same city, he did not have the courage to establish any contact with her. At the very least, Chen Hui still came to Makino Technology for an interview, but he did not do anything.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt a little emotional. He said to Chen Hui, "Arrange for this person to enter the Tieba business department later. He himself is a small team-leader. After entering, let Sun Qian give him more responsibilities and see if he can be forced to become an amazing person. Also, let Sun Qian chat with him more and understand the situation at Teng Xun."

"Okay." Kong Lingyu made an OK gesture. "I understand."

Li Mu really wanted to help Chen Hui as much as possible within the scope of rationality. He did not meet any benefactors in his previous life. In this life, he had some ability, so he should try to be a benefactor in other people's lives. The most important thing was not for others, but to make up for his own psychological satisfaction.

…

After talking with HR, Chen Hui received a standard monthly salary of 9,000 yuan from HR. He could report to the company next Monday.

Although it was only 1,000 yuan more than when he was in Teng Xun, Chen Hui was very satisfied. Kong Lingyu also promised that if he performed well during the probation period, he would be promoted to P7. He would basically be on the same level as Zhang Yao.

Of course, the most important thing was not how much money he earned, but after getting the offer, he could wait for Zhang Yao to appear at Makino Technology with peace of mind. It was no longer like wandering around Zhongguancun like a headless fly because he knew that he would definitely wait for Zhang Yao here.

After coming out of Makino Technology, Chen Hui was in a surprisingly good mood. He could not wait to start looking for rental information in the surrounding area. The job was confirmed, and Zhang Yao was not far away. He needed to settle down in this city as soon as possible. The first thing he needed to do was to rent a house.

Chen Hui had also saved up some money in Shenzhen over the past few years. In the future, he could also get a monthly salary of 9,000 yuan or even higher. Originally, according to his consumption level, he would definitely find a single room that was less than 500 yuan. However, this time, when he thought of Zhang Yao, he gritted his teeth and spent 1,500 yuan to rent a one-bedroom apartment of 50 square meters within five kilometers of Makino Technology.

After signing the contract with the landlord and paying the rent and deposit, Chen Hui sat on the small sofa in the one-bedroom apartment. His eyes kept looking around, and he was very satisfied with everything he looked at.

Chen Hui's family conditions were neither good nor bad, but he had always been relatively independent. Since graduation, he did not ask for money from his family and earned his own living. In order to save money in Shenzhen, he lived in a small bedroom that was less than 10 square meters in a shared house. He also lived in a self-built house in a village in Shenzhen that did not see the sun 24 hours a day. He experienced the dilemma of having to line up to use the bathroom in the morning and at night, and was forced to listen to the countless bed exercises of the young couples next door.

It was precisely because his previous living conditions were too mediocre that this one-bedroom apartment with a monthly rent of 1,500 yuan gave Chen Hui a sense of satisfaction that far exceeded its actual value.

After working for so many years, this was the first time Chen Hui let himself live in such a good house. Although it was only a house, it meant a brand new and beautiful beginning for him.

In the afternoon, Chen Hui went out to buy a lot of daily necessities, tidied up the new house a little, and applied for broadband. However, the staff at Netcom told him that it would take at least three working days to install it.

Bored to death, Chen Hui went to the Internet cafe and opened QQ out of habit. However, after opening QQ, he realized that there were only a total of so many friends on QQ. There were less than twenty online, and without exception, they were all former colleagues of Teng Xun.

After all, no matter how good YY was, Teng Xun's employees could not use it during working hours.

Chen Hui opened YY again. Among the two to three hundred friends list that had migrated over from Tieba and Happy Farm, more than 95% of them had activated YY. There were dozens of people online, and a few groups were flashing non-stop. It was very lively.

As QQ was online, one of Chen Hui's former subordinates sent a message: "Boss, how's the matter with sister-in-law?"

Chen Hui was stunned for a moment, and replied after a moment: "I haven't mustered up the courage to look for her, so I found a job first."

"What company is she in?

How's the pay? "