Chapter 540

After about twenty minutes of driving, Li Mu drove Zhao Ziqiu to the front of her villa. When they got out of the car, Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu while holding the cola and ginger, "I'll go to the kitchen to cook ginger cola for you later. You'd better take a hot bath. Is there a bathtub in the bathroom?

It would be better if you could take a bath. "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I can go upstairs, but I don't dare to go up alone at night."

Li Mu joked, "You're afraid of your own home?"

Zhao Ziqiu said pitifully, "It's too big. I never dare to live here. I'm afraid."

Li Mu nodded. The house was indeed a little big. It was too big and no one had lived in it for a long time, so it seemed a little lacking in vitality. If he lived here alone, he would probably feel nervous. He would rather go to the Internet cafe for a night than sleep here alone.

After entering the villa, Zhao Ziqiu turned on all the lights in the hall and the empty living room. Li Mu took the cola and ginger to the kitchen. He washed the ginger and cut it into pieces. Then he took a soup pot and prepared to cook it.

Zhao Ziqiu was stunned. Li Mu cut a whole piece of ginger and threw it into the pot. If it really boiled into a pot of water, wouldn't it be spicy?

In this era where the internet wasn't as developed as it was, ginger cola wasn't widely known. Furthermore, these two things sounded very different, so it inevitably gave people the feeling that it was a dark cuisine. Zhao Ziqiu was no exception. Usually, if she bit a small piece of ginger in her food, she would immediately spit it out because she couldn't stand the taste. If she really had to drink so much food cooked with ginger, she really didn't know if she could really bear it.

Li Mu opened the cola. A large 2.5-liter bottle of cola was only about a quarter of it. Zhao Ziqiu was even more surprised. She couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "So much ginger, and only a little bit of cola?"

Li Mu said casually, "The more you cook it, the less it will be. Try to concentrate all the essence into one bowl."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly waved her hand and said as if begging for mercy, "Why don't you accompany me upstairs? I'm going to take a hot bath. Maybe I'll be fine after sweating a bit. I don't need to drink this."

Li Mu turned on the gas stove and said, "I definitely have to soak in a hot bath, and I also have to drink this …"

"Ah …" Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but wrinkle her nose. She said to Li Mu, "I'm actually not that sick. I think I'll be fine after you boil it out."

Li Mu looked at her worried expression and found it funny. He said, "It's useless to bargain. I'll get you a bowl later. You have to drink it all."

Seeing that Li Mu was so serious, Zhao Ziqiu nodded obediently. She pouted and said, "I'll listen to you. I'll do whatever you say."

It would take some time for the gas to boil, and it would take a long time to boil it. Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "I'll accompany you upstairs to fill the bathtub with water. The bathtub hasn't been used for a long time, and it might need to be washed. After washing, the ginger cola should be almost done. You can drink it while you take a bath. You'll get better faster."

"Okay."

Zhao Ziqiu took the initiative to hold Li Mu's arm and said, "I'll come down with you later. Just don't leave me upstairs alone."

The two came to the room at the end of the corridor on the second floor. After opening the door, they saw a rather large bedroom. It was much larger than the room he and Zhao Ziqiu stayed in last time. Next to the bedroom, there was a room that looked like a cloakroom. There were some bathrobes and home clothes hanging in the open wardrobe. However, this room was actually just an entrance. On the left and right side of the cloakroom, there was actually a huge concave bathroom. On one side was a toilet and washstand, and on the other side was a shockingly large bathtub and shower.

Li Mu was surprised at first, but then he got used to it. It wasn't that he was used to this kind of extravagance, but he kept telling himself in his heart, "You're a billionaire, don't always look like a loser and make a fuss about everything."

Li Mu had thought that since the bathtub was so open, it must be very dirty if it had not been used for a month or two. But he did not expect that when he got closer, he found that the jacuzzi, which could accommodate three people, was so clean that it was almost spotless.

Zhao Ziqiu saw through Li Mu's confusion and said, "My dad asked the property management to arrange for someone to do a thorough cleaning every week, so it's still quite clean."

Li Mu nodded. It wasn't strange for the rich to be willful. With such a house, it was worth it to spend a bit more money to maintain it, because the potential for it to increase in value in the future was frightening.

Slightly more upscale neighborhoods already had 24-hour hot water service, and this place was naturally no exception. Li Mu opened three valves and filled the bathtub at the same time. However, looking at the speed of the water flow, it would probably take at least 20 minutes to fill the bathtub to 70%.

Zhao Ziqiu, who was beside him, was staring blankly at the water splashing in the bathtub. Perhaps it was because she had a cold, but her little face was flushed, making her look especially tender and attractive.

Seeing that he had to wait for water and cola, Li Mu's lust was aroused when he saw that he had nothing else to do. He gently hugged the dazed Zhao Ziqiu from behind and kissed her neck. His hands didn't stay still either, going all the way up and over the hill.

Zhao Ziqiu's body softened. She gently dodged Li Mu's lips that seemed to carry electricity while she touched Li Mu's face repeatedly. All the affection she had for him was vividly reflected in this simple and elegant action.

Between men and women, they could be extremely serious when they were serious, but sometimes, a different look could completely ignite the desire in both of their hearts. Although Li Mu had entered a state of asceticism in advance, in front of Zhao Ziqiu, he was like a short firecracker. Not only would he light it up, but he would also explode with a single tap.

Thus, Li Mu whispered into Zhao Ziqiu's ear, "Did you miss me these past few days?"

"Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help humming and twisting her body at the same time. She shyly said to Li Mu, "These past few days, I missed you 24 hours a day, during the day, at night, in class, studying, eating, and sleeping."

Li Mu asked her, "Then when did you miss me the most?"

Zhao Ziqiu hesitated for a moment, closed her eyes and said, "When I sat down, I missed you the most."

Li Mu didn't understand at once and asked her, "Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu turned around and bit Li Mu's shoulder a little hard. She said, "Because in the first two days, it hurt so much that I wanted to cry when I sat down, so I wanted to bite you to vent my hatred!"

Li Mu just remembered that he was indeed a little selfish at the beginning. He was like the rain after a long drought, but he neglected that Zhao Ziqiu was a virgin. After several expeditions, she didn't feel it was serious at the time, but she must have suffered a lot afterward.

Li Mu couldn't help but say apologetically, "I'm sorry, it's my fault."

Zhao Ziqiu climbed onto Li Mu's neck and said softly, "I don't hurt at all now …"

Li Mu said, "After you take a bath and drink the ginger cola, I'll take good care of you."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said after a moment, "The bathtub is actually quite big …"

There was a pool of hot water, a bowl of steaming ginger cola, and a naked man and woman.

After soaking in the water, Li Mu urged Zhao Ziqiu to drink the ginger cola while it was still hot. Zhao Ziqiu looked at the bowl of dark food. Although she was reluctant, she still listened to Li Mu and took a sip while holding her breath.

Anyone who had tasted ginger cola before would know that it wasn't that bad. Just like ginger soup and ginger candy, it had a special taste that wasn't disgusting. Even people who disliked ginger could try it once in a while.

The ginger taste of ginger cola and the taste of cola produced a strange combination. It was strange, but it wasn't bad. Moreover, it was a great medicine for sweating. After drinking a big bowl while it was hot, almost all of the body would be sweating. For people who had a cold, it was a very comfortable experience and had a great effect on alleviating the illness.

Zhao Ziqiu took the first sip and realized that the taste wasn't as disgusting as she had imagined. After drinking it, there was even a special sweet and spicy taste left in her mouth. It was a strange and comfortable combination.

She blinked her big eyes and looked at Li Mu. Then, under Li Mu's urging, Zhao Ziqiu took a big gulp. This time, after drinking it, she could feel a wave of heat rising from her stomach. It was different from soaking in hot water. The heat started from her body and spread to the rest of her body. It felt very comfortable.

Under the effects of the ginger cola and the hot water that surrounded his body, Zhao Ziqiu's body quickly became flushed. The uncomfortable symptoms of the severe cold were immediately alleviated. His nose was ventilated, so his nasal sound was naturally not as strong as before.

After Zhao Ziqiu drank a big bowl of ginger cola, she shyly asked Li Mu, "This thing is really magical. After drinking it, my whole body becomes hot. It feels so comfortable."

Li Mu said, "You'll definitely feel better after taking a bath and sweating."

Zhao Ziqiu kissed Li Mu's face exaggeratedly and exclaimed, "You can even think of this method. You're really great!"

Li Mu held her in his arms in the water. While playing with her indescribably wonderful experience, he teased in her ear, "Don't praise me for being great just yet."

Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "Then when should I praise you?"

Li Mu smiled and said jokingly, "I'll praise you when I need to. Later, I'll use another method to treat you. It'll be a multi-pronged treatment. I'll definitely cure your cold."

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her eyes and said hesitantly, "Then what if I want to praise you now?"

Li Mu heard the hidden meaning in her words. He immediately got up, stood outside the bathtub, spread out a bath towel, and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Come on, I'll carry you to the bedroom."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu with a peach blossom face and slowly got up from the bathtub. At this moment, her graceful figure was so perfect that it made people's blood boil.

Li Mu wrapped her in a bath towel and carried her out of the bedroom. In Li Mu's arms, Zhao Ziqiu said, "Why don't we go to the room downstairs?"

Li Mu asked her, "Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu bit the side of her lower lip and said with some embarrassment, "This is my parents' room …"

Li Mu smirked, carried Zhao Ziqiu to the bed, and said in an unquestionable tone, "Right here."

Zhao Ziqiu's heart almost completely compromised at once, as if complying with him and spoiling him was what she wanted to do most.

Li Mu saw Zhao Ziqiu close her eyes and slightly nod, so he gently and a little domineering, pressed her hot and sick body under him.