Chapter 788

Wei Lan and Song Liang took the same elevator downstairs. Wei Lan pressed the button for the first floor and then asked Song Liang casually, "Manager Song, which floor are you going to?"

Song Liang smiled slightly, "I'm going to B2. Thank you."

Wei Lan breathed a sigh of relief. She pressed the button for B2 again.

The elevator soon reached the first floor. As soon as the door opened, Wei Lan said to Song Liang, "Manager Song, I'll go first. I wish you and Li Zong a pleasant journey."

Song Liang nodded and thanked her with a smile, "Okay, thank you for your kind words."

Wei Lan walked out of the hall and found Li Mu's car in the parking lot. Song Liang went down to B2 and directly sat in the business car driven by his assistant, Chen Fang. Chen Fang, who had been waiting here in advance, had already started the car and turned on the air conditioner. As soon as Song Liang got in the car, Chen Fang immediately drove out of the basement.

When Chen Fang drove to the ground, Wei Lan had just sat in Li Mu's car. She didn't expect that Li Mu would drive a GL8 today. She asked curiously, "Where's your car?"

Li Mu glanced at Wei Lan and found that his eyes seemed to fall into a huge whirlpool. Wei Lan was very mature and beautiful today, giving people a feeling of indescribable beauty. Li Mu said absent-mindedly, "I didn't dare to drive my car. I'm afraid that I'll be recognized by the reporters."

Wei Lan couldn't help but laugh and shook her head, sighing, "People are afraid of fame as pigs are afraid of being fat. The ancients were right."

"I have no choice …" Li Mu sighed helplessly and said, "I've been thoroughly exposed before. I don't want to have any other contact with the reporters for the time being."

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu slowly released the brake while shifting the gear, letting the car slowly drive out.

Wei Lan couldn't help but ask, "Where are we going to eat tonight?"

"To Sanlitun."

Li Mu said almost without thinking, and then said, "There is a high-rise restaurant near Sanlitun, which overlooks the whole Sanlitun and the Workers' Stadium area. Aren't you studying the specific plan for commercial real estate in Sanlitun?

We can talk more vividly there. "

Wei Lan lightly nodded, "Okay, but you have to be responsible for sending me back after the meal."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I'll walk you to your door."

When Li Mu drove away from Wan Ying, Song Liang, who had just come out of the underground garage, happened to see his GL8. Song Liang saw that the car's color and license plate were familiar. At first, he was a little surprised, but he quickly remembered that this was the Buick that Li Mu had been driving before he changed cars.

Song Liang was surprised. Didn't Li Mu change his G55 for a long time?

Who's driving this car?

But on second thought, if Li Mu's car was given to someone else to drive, why would that person come to Wan Ying's office building in such a big city?

Combined with the fact that he and Wei Lan had just gone down the stairs, and Wei Lan had gotten off the elevator on the first floor, Song Liang suddenly had a question mark in his heart. Don't tell me Li Mu is driving this car himself?

Then, the more Song Liang thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.

When he thought about Wei Lan again, Song Liang couldn't help but sigh. He secretly shook his head and lamented in his heart, Li Mu's charm is really amazing … I can't help but admire him …

…

Li Mu drove Wei Lan to Sanlitun. They arrived at a restaurant in a high-rise building not far from the Workers' Sports Complex. Li Mu had booked a place in advance. It was a private room by the window, and it could overlook the entire Sanlitun.

As soon as Wei Lan entered the private room, she saw the night view of Yanjing through the huge floor-to-ceiling window. She said with surprise, "Li Zong, the place you chose is really good. The night view is really great."

Li Mu smiled and said, "No matter how good it is, it can't be compared to the Oriental Pearl Tower in Shanghai, right?

The night view from there is 360 degrees. It's much better than here. "

Wei Lan shook her head and walked to the glass window. She looked out of the window and said without blinking, "The Oriental Pearl Tower is too tall. Although the night view is very open, it gives people a feeling that it's too ethereal. This is only the 20th floor. Although it's much lower than the Oriental Pearl Tower, the view is not bad at all."

As she spoke, Wei Lan pointed to Sanlitun below and said, "Look, the night view of Sanlitun looks so real from here. You can see every person, every car, and every big and small neon light. Although we're looking down, it still feels like it's within reach."

Li Mu walked in front of her and stood side by side with her. Looking at the night view outside the window, he smiled and said, "You have a special perspective when looking at the problem."

Wei Lan nodded and pointed to the Workers' Sports Complex not far away. She said, "There seems to be an activity in the stadium tonight?"

Li Mu looked at the brightly lit Workers' Sports Complex in the distance and said with a smile, "There's a football match tonight."

"Oh?" Wei Lan asked curiously, "What kind of football match?"

Li Mu said, "It's the Jia-A Soccer League. It's Guoan's home game tonight."

Wei Lan suddenly understood. She nodded and said, "No wonder Sanlitun is especially lively tonight."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Today is Friday. It's the busiest time of the week for Sanlitun's nightlife."

After saying that, Li Mu looked at Wei Lan and asked her with great interest, "How is it? What do you think of Sanlitun?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Sanlitun has the most potential to become a fashion and leisure landmark in Yanjing. The National People's Congress gathered here are all young people who pursue fashion, and their consumption level is guaranteed. Most of them are white-collar workers. However, the biggest problem with Sanlitun right now is that the industry structure is too simple. At the moment, there's only entertainment consumption, and there's still a lack of shopping consumption. Therefore, I think the decision to do commercial real estate in Sanlitun is very smart. Doing commercial real estate projects here can achieve twice the result with half the effort."

Li Mu nodded lightly. He had to admit that Wei Lan's vision for real estate development was very accurate and unique. Although Sanlitun didn't have the potential to become the biggest shopping center in Yanjing, it definitely had the potential to become the most fashionable shopping center in Yanjing.

Wei Lan continued, "I went to Sanlitun a few days ago to investigate a few times, and I realized that the ability to gather people here usually starts after 6 pm. First is the restaurants, because there's the embassy area nearby. It's very popular, and the spending power is also very high, so the development of the food and beverage industry is relatively good. Second is the bars and nightclubs. The crowd gathering usually starts at 8 pm, and it can continue until after 12 pm. Moreover, the flow of people is very high, so overall, what it lacks the most is the ability to gather people during the day. If we had the ability to gather people during the day, Sanlitun would definitely become popular, and it would become very popular!"

The reason why Li Mu wanted to build the first commercial real estate project in Sanlitun was mainly because of Sanlitun's fashion heritage and the flow of people. In his previous life, Tai Gu's Village business district in Sanlitun was very famous. It was a relatively high-class place in Yanjing, and it was also a relatively successful commercial real estate project.

However, Li Mu only saw the results, and he didn't carefully analyze the starting point of Tai Gu's building a business district in Sanlitun. However, after Wei Lan's "time for gathering people" analysis, Li Mu suddenly felt a lot more cheerful.

Specific business districts and business models also had different ability to gather people. For example, breakfast shops were usually around 6 to 9 am, while dinner restaurants were usually the opposite. Their peak ability to gather people was around 6 to 9 pm.

The longer the time for people to gather, the greater the commercial potential. For example, traditional department stores usually gathered people from 10 to 12 am, and 2 to 6 pm.

The traditional lunch time in a restaurant was from 11: 30 to 2: 30 in the afternoon.

The traditional dinner time in a restaurant was from six to nine in the evening.

Cinemas, video arcades, and other entertainment venues could gather people from 2 pm to 11 pm.

As for nightclubs, they could gather people from 8 pm to 2 am.

From these different industries and different times for people to gather, one could see the true essence of a comprehensive shopping mall like Wanda Plaza and the core reason for its success!

Traditional department stores, lunch, dinner, leisure, entertainment, a Wanda Plaza, the crowd gathering time can start from 10 am to 11 pm. To be able to attract customers over such a long time span, this is too scary. It's hard not to succeed.

Right now, Sanlitun had an advantage that comprehensive shopping malls didn't have, and that was the ability to gather people in the middle of the night. If a comprehensive shopping mall was opened in Sanlitun, Sanlitun would become a consumer entertainment venue that could attract people from 10 am to 2 am. This place could cover such a long time span, so it was bound to be popular.

After understanding on a deeper level why Sanlitun became popular in his previous life, Li Mu's admiration for Wei Lan rose to another level. This woman was indeed extraordinary. She saw the problem too thoroughly. After analyzing Sanlitun for two days, she came up with a theory that he had never heard of before. Moreover, it was so reasonable that no one could refute it. This was Wei Lan's ability, and it was also proof of her strength. To be able to poach such a person was a blessing for both Wan Ying and himself.

In fact, regarding Sanlitun, Wei Lan admired Li Mu even more.

She had heard about Li Mu's dedication to Sanlitun at Wan Ying. Not only did she hear that the first commercial real estate project in Sanlitun was decided by Li Mu, but she also heard that the SugarClub that Li Mu brought her to was also suggested by Li Mu to open in the Sanlitun area. This meant that Li Mu had long been optimistic about this place. Perhaps, he had a more thorough understanding of Sanlitun than she did.

Li Mu wasn't stingy with his compliments towards Wei Lan. "What you said was brilliant. The time for people to gather is indeed very important. If we want to do a commercial real estate project in Sanlitun, it means that Sanlitun won't be empty from morning till dawn. There will always be customers with all kinds of needs coming here. This way, Sanlitun will definitely become the number one entertainment and leisure hotspot in Beijing."

Wei Lan humbly said, "Chief Li, don't flatter me. Sanlitun is your unique insight. I'm just borrowing your wisdom from others based on your decisions."

Li Mu laughed at himself and lightly waved his hand. "I'm just an armchair strategist."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with admiration and asked, "Li Zong, Wan Ying has so many good pieces of land waiting to be developed. Why do you have to do commercial real estate at this time?"