Chapter 403

Zhao Hezheng knew that the discussion about Chen Wan by the station's leaders hadn't stopped. To be able to reach the position of HR manager, his eyes were very sharp and he could see many small clues in the station clearly. How Ma Weiwei got her position was something that most people in the station didn't know, but he was well aware of. Zhao Hezheng also knew the ins and outs of the internal debates and games surrounding Chen Wan. Deputy Station Head Zhan had always been against putting Chen Wan in an important position, but now he suddenly proposed to sign an official contract with her in advance. Zhao Hezheng couldn't be clearer about what he was planning.

If it was under normal circumstances, if an intern host like Chen Wan wanted to resign, all she had to do was talk to her official host, and the other party would give him a heads up and he could immediately complete the resignation procedures. But now, he didn't dare to casually complete the resignation procedures with Chen Wan. He had to wait for Deputy Station Head Zhan to get his opinion.

Zhao Hezheng did not dare to accept her resignation letter. He took the unsigned contract and left. Chen Wan's colleagues surrounded her and asked her the real reason for her resignation. They all felt that Chen Wan must have found a better place to go if she suddenly wanted to resign at this time.

But Chen Wan didn't reveal anything and only said that she wanted to return to Southern Su to develop.

No one doubted this statement. After all, Southern Su TV wasn't any worse than Yanjing TV. The key was that if Chen Wan went to Southern Su TV, with her current reputation, she would definitely be able to appear on screen. If they were her, they wouldn't be willing to stay here and continue to be bullied.

Zhao Hezheng rushed to the Deputy Station Head's office and reported Chen Wan's resignation to Deputy Station Head Zhan Yun.

In Zhan Yun's imagination, Chen Wan wouldn't be able to reject the temptation of becoming an official host in advance. As long as she signed the contract, her future would be completely in his hands. But he didn't expect that not only did she not accept the contract, but she also wanted to resign. Zhao Hezheng said that she had prepared her resignation letter in advance. It seemed like she had already made up her mind.

Compared to an internship contract, an official contract had many more restrictions. Most of the terms of an internship contract required the intern host to do this and that. Once the terms were violated, most of the consequences would be dismissal. However, an official contract was different. An official contract meant that the station had recognized the future of the host, so they would use the contract to bind the host tightly.

Generally speaking, the tenet of an internship contract was: work hard or you'll be fired. The tenet of a formal contract was: no matter what, you have to work for me.

Chen Wan had signed an internship contract. In the internship contract, there were very few obligations that the station had to fulfill. A monthly salary of two to three thousand dollars, basic social insurance, and other than that, there was nothing else. The remaining requirements were all about work discipline. Furthermore, there were no restrictions on leaving an intern anchor. According to the contract, an intern anchor had to submit an application to their superior one month in advance to leave. If they left without permission, their monthly salary would be deducted.

Other than that, there were no other restrictions. Zhan Yun thought to himself that if Chen Wan were to leave, he would not be able to absolve himself from the blame. Although he was the deputy station head, in terms of actual authority, he was not even in the first echelon. The station head, executive deputy station head, party committee deputy secretary, chief editor, deputy chief editor were all in the first echelon of authority. As the deputy station head in charge of variety shows, he was only in the second echelon of authority. Now, although there was endless debate over Chen Wan's next step, no one wished for Chen Wan to leave. When that happened, everyone would definitely turn their guns on him and question him about the reason for the loss of talent.

Therefore, no matter what, Chen Wan could not leave. He had to keep her and continue wrangling with others about her problems. Once her popularity died down, he would completely freeze her. That was the best choice.

Thus, Zhan Yun instructed Zhao Hezheng, "Little Zhao, no matter what, you have to keep Chen Wan. Think of a way to get her to sign an official long-term contract. You can raise her salary by one or two levels after she becomes a permanent employee. It doesn't matter, but the key is to keep the talent. If she still doesn't agree, tell her that the station will definitely arrange an independent program for her this year. Tell her that I said this personally."

Zhao Hezheng nodded repeatedly and said with a smile, "Since you've already said that, I believe Chen Wan will definitely not refuse. Many people might not get such treatment even after working hard for three to five years."

Zhan Yun waved his hand. "Go and have a good talk with her. You have to understand her reason and move her emotions."

Zhao Hezheng said attentively, "Don't worry, I will definitely have a good talk with her."

After coming out of Zhan Yun's office, Zhao Hezheng went to look for Chen Wan again. This time, he did not talk to her in her office. Instead, he invited her to his office and closed the door. When it was only the two of them, he put on a cautious look and said in a low voice, "Little Wan, I just came out of Deputy Director Zhan's office. I have two pieces of great news to tell you. You have to be mentally prepared."

Zhao Hezheng thought that by keeping her in suspense, Chen Wan would be very interested. Unexpectedly, Chen Wan said, "Director Zhao, I just want to resign now. So, to me, the only good news is that Deputy Director Zhan has approved my resignation application and has asked you to help me with the resignation procedures as soon as possible."

Zhao Hezheng was dumbfounded. After a moment, he adjusted himself and said with an awkward smile, "Little Wan, what are you saying? Whether you want to resign or not, you have to listen to me first!

Deputy Director Zhan just said that after you become a permanent employee, you will enjoy the first level of a host's salary, with a monthly salary of five thousand yuan and a monthly makeup and costume allowance of one thousand yuan. That is six thousand yuan, which is double of your current salary. Moreover, you will be promoted two levels in a row. In other words, as long as you sign the contract, you will enjoy the third level of a host's salary, with a monthly salary of seven thousand yuan and a monthly makeup and costume allowance of two thousand yuan. Under normal circumstances, you won't have the chance to enjoy this kind of treatment without working for three or four years! "

Chen Wan said calmly, "Director Zhao, I really just want to resign. This has nothing to do with money."

Zhao Hezheng took a deep breath and looked at Chen Wan. Seeing that she really did not look tempted at all, he could only say, "Just now, Deputy Director Zhan said that as long as you sign the contract, he will definitely arrange an independent program for you this year. Your own program. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."

Chen Wan shook her head and said indifferently, "I just want to resign."

Zhao Hezheng looked at Chen Wan in surprise and asked, "Must you resign?"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "I must!"

Zhao Hezheng sighed and said, "How about this, go back and think about what I just said. Don't be impulsive. If you regret it in the future, it will be a huge loss!"

Chen Wan said, "Director Zhao, I don't need to think about it anymore. I will formally submit my resignation."

After saying that, Chen Wan took out her resignation report and handed it to Zhao Hezheng. She said, "Director Zhao, I will now formally submit my resignation to the company. Please handle it according to the procedures."

Zhao Hezheng was suddenly in a difficult position. He did not know how to respond, and he did not even know if he should accept this resignation report.

Chen Wan saw his conflicted expression, so she placed the resignation report on his desk and said, "Director Zhao, I will leave first."

After Chen Wan left, Zhao Hezheng took her resignation report and rushed to Zhan Yun's office.

After listening to Zhao Hezheng's report and looking at the resignation report, Zhan Yun flew into a rage. He tore the resignation report into pieces and angrily said to Zhao Hezheng, "I don't care what method you use, you must make Chen Wan sign the contract!" Zhao Hezheng said awkwardly, "Director Zhan, aren't you making things difficult for me?

Zhao Hezheng said awkwardly, "Station Head Zhan, aren't you making things difficult for me? If she doesn't want to sign, there's nothing I can do to force her to sign it. She's determined to resign, so there's nothing I can do. Besides, she's only an intern host at our station. Even if I want to force her to stay, I can only force her to stay for a month. Besides, if she's unhappy and decides not to come, there's nothing we can do about it.

Zhan Yun angrily questioned, "Didn't your HR department stipulate the other party's liability for breach of contract when you signed the contract?

Isn't there a non-compete clause that states that if she unilaterally requests to resign, we have the right to ask her to pay a large sum of money, or the right to ask her not to engage in related industries for a few years? "

Zhao Hezheng smiled and said, "This is a contract for an intern host. To put it bluntly, she is just an intern. We didn't promise any obligations in the contract, so how can we set so many restrictions on her? If the internship contract is so strict, it's like selling her body, how are we going to recruit interns?

We will be disgraced in the industry. "

Zhan Yun knew that his anger was a little unjustified, but he still couldn't control the anger in his heart. He said to Zhao Hezheng, "Go get Chen Wan for me!"

A few minutes later, Chen Wan and Zhao Hezheng came to Zhan Yun's office together. Zhan Yun's anger from before had already disappeared. Instead, it was replaced with the attitude of a superior showing concern for his subordinate. First, he asked about Chen Wan's work, then he expressed that the station had indeed neglected Chen Wan's on-camera arrangements. Finally, he said that the station had decided to focus on grooming her. He skillfully brought up his request for Chen Wan to sign an official contract.

Out of respect for the leader, Chen Wan didn't interrupt him at first. When he mentioned the request for the contract, Chen Wan's voice wasn't loud, but she said firmly, "Station Head Zhan, thank you for your grooming. However, I've really decided to resign, so I can only thank you and the other station leaders for your kind intentions. I'm sorry."

Zhan Yun smiled in a very gentlemanly manner and said, "Resignation is easy. It's just a matter of paperwork. However, have you ever thought about how much you will lose once you resign?"

As he said that, Zhan Yun didn't give Chen Wan a chance to speak and continued, "Let's not talk about the salary and opportunities. Let's just talk about our benefits. You know, our station has a batch of specially approved household registration quotas every year, as well as employee housing benefits. I don't need to explain the significance of the household registration quota, right?

Just the employee housing quota alone, do you know how much money it will save you when you buy a house in Beijing?

At least 50% of the market price!

You also don't want to have to bitterly rent a house after drifting in Beijing for a few years, right?

If you sign an official contract, I will fight for these benefits for you, so that you can settle down in Beijing within a year or two. "

Chen Wan said faintly, "Station Head Zhan, to be honest, I'm actually not interested in the Yan Jing household registration. As for the employee housing you mentioned, I'm also not interested. Before I came to work at the station, my family already bought me a house nearby, so I don't need to rent a house."

It wasn't that Chen Wan had the intention to flaunt, but she realized that Zhan Yun was belittling her. He believed that she would change her mind because of some trivial benefits. Therefore, she gave him a gentle counterattack. Furthermore, she found it odd. Why did Zhan Yun not let her leave?

Logically speaking, an employee at her level didn't need him to personally communicate with her. Now that he was trying his best to keep her, it felt like his motives were impure.

Zhan Yun was momentarily speechless. Then, he said to Zhao Hezheng, "Little Zhao, go ahead with your work."

Zhao Hezheng nodded and turned to leave the office.

Only then did Zhan Yun say to Chen Wan, "Chen Wan, you are still young. It's understandable that you are young and hot-headed at times, but there are times when you can't act according to your temper. Just as the station is about to put you in an important position, if you were to ask for your resignation, wouldn't you be letting down the station's nurturing of you for the past half a year?"

When Chen Wan heard such high-sounding words, she felt a little angry. Her tone also hardened as she said, "Station Head Zhan, I've been at the station for half a year, but I haven't even gotten a single chance to appear onscreen. If not for the words' Intern Host 'written on my badge, I might even think that I'm a behind-the-scenes staff member of the program team. Is this what you mean by the station's nurturing of me for the past half a year?"

Zhan Yun said vaguely, "Not appearing onscreen for the past half a year isn't the station's intention to prevent you from appearing onscreen, but it's to give you sufficient experience before appearing onscreen. Look, aren't they preparing to make you a permanent employee now?

And they'll even arrange your own program for you. Won't that be the end of the suffering and the beginning of the good times? "

Chen Wan looked at Zhan Yun and said seriously, "Station Head Zhan, please arrange for me to go through the procedures. I've really made up my mind to resign. No matter what you say, I must resign."

When Zhan Yun heard Chen Wan's firm words, his expression suddenly darkened. He stared at Chen Wan and said with a bit of a threat, "I advise you to think about it carefully. Maybe it's because your family's conditions are not bad, so you think a lot of things are very simple. I've been in the broadcasting and television industry for more than 20 years, and I have a very wide network in the domestic television stations. As long as I say the word, after you leave Yanjing Satellite TV, you definitely won't be able to enter any provincial satellite TV station. In the end, you'll either go to a television station in a small city and wait for your death, or simply leave this industry. I think you're also a very ambitious person in the field of hosting, so you won't be willing to let your career path walk into a dead end, right?"

Chen Wan didn't expect that Zhan Yun would actually threaten her after failing to persuade her. When she thought about how she had always been ridiculed and wronged in the station, and now that she was about to resign, she was still being threatened like this. She angrily said to Zhan Yun, "Station Head Zhan, you can do whatever you want. From now on, I won't take another step into Yanjing Satellite TV!"

After saying that, Chen Wan turned around and left, leaving Zhan Yun shouting behind her without even looking back.