Chapter 1494

Chen Yuan was so shocked by Li Mu's generosity and trust that he was speechless.

Although he knew that Li Mu was helping Wan Ying, he was still shocked and touched that Li Mu trusted him so much.

However, Li Mu did not promise him how much of the water town project, which was worth at least three billion yuan, would be allocated to him. Li Mu only said, "If things go well on your side, Uncle Chen, I will gradually lean towards you for the water town project and fight for a bigger share for you in the next film and television base project. If things don't go well, don't worry, I will definitely reserve a certain share for you in the two projects to ensure that you can participate."

If Chen Yuan really had the ability to run a private construction company, Li Mu was willing to give him both the water town project and the film and television base project. He would be the general contractor for both projects, and he would then choose suitable subcontractors from across the country. It was equivalent to him and Chen Yuan working together to make Gubei Water Town a big pocket. They would try their best to put some medium-sized construction teams in it, and then try not to spit them out. When these construction teams were more or less digested, they could turn around and build a large construction company to serve Wan Ying.

By cultivating their own team, not only could they save on the bidding process of some projects, but they could also improve construction efficiency and reduce construction costs. Although Wanying Industries would not directly manage the construction team, by holding shares in such a construction group, they could achieve partial control of the construction group. At the same time, they could also enjoy part of the profits.

Speaking of which, if Chen Yuan wasn't capable, Li Mu wouldn't force him. When the time comes, he would give Chen Yuan a portion of the construction and profits from the two projects. It would be considered as giving Chen Yuan an explanation, and he could then find a more suitable candidate to cultivate.

Chen Yuan agreed without hesitation and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I will listen to your instructions on how to operate."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "Uncle Chen, when you have time, come to Wan Ying. We can talk about the follow-up operation."

"No problem!" Chen Yuan immediately said, "I can come anytime."

Li Mu said, "Then let's do it the day after tomorrow. It just so happens that I have to go to Wanying the day after tomorrow. Let's meet at Wanying the day after tomorrow at 3 pm."

"Alright!"

Chen Yuan was extremely excited. He realized that the biggest opportunity he had encountered in his entire life was right before his eyes.

Li Mu drank a few more cups of wine with Chen Yuan. After eating and drinking to his heart's content, Li Mu felt a little dizzy. He drank a few more cups of tea with Chen Wan's family. Seeing that it was getting late, Li Mu got up to leave.

The family of three walked Li Mu out and didn't go back until Li Mu got in the car.

As soon as Wang Yuanlang drove out of Chen Wan's house, Li Mu received a text from Chen Wan. The content of the text was, "Dear, you have already helped my dad a lot. There is no need to help him so much. I am afraid that he is not capable enough and will delay your business."

Although Chen Wan didn't know much about real estate, she could understand most of what Li Mu said. She could hear the sacrifices Li Mu had made and the risks he had taken. She was afraid that her dad was not capable enough and would bring trouble and losses to Li Mu.

Li Mu replied, "Don't worry, I know what I am doing. In the future, Wan Ying will need a role like this on the periphery. If Uncle can do it, it will be the best. If not, I won't force it."

Only then did Chen Wan relax. She replied, "It's good that you know what you are doing. Let's focus on business."

Li Mu said, "You don't have to worry too much. I have confidence in myself. If there is a problem, I will stop the losses in time."

"That's good." Chen Wan replied. Then, she sent another text, "You drank too much tonight, right?"

"It's okay. I just feel a little dizzy. It's not serious."

Chen Wan replied, "Then go back and rest early today. Sleep a little more."

"Okay."

"Oh right, I told Dad and Mom that I will return to Xiangdu tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?

What time is your flight? Do you want me to send you? "

"I told them that I will return tomorrow afternoon, but the flight ticket is booked for the day after tomorrow. If you are free tomorrow, I will look for you in the afternoon. If not, I will change the flight ticket to tomorrow."

Li Mu hurriedly replied, "I am free. I will pick you up tomorrow."

"No need. You go ahead with your work tomorrow. I will go by myself tomorrow. I will contact you before I go."

…

As soon as Li Mu returned to Ziyun Villa, Chen Tong called him.

Usually, Li Mu and Chen Tong did not have much contact, and Li Mu was not very concerned about his work. The main reason for this was that Chen Tong had exhausted Li Mu's patience with him because he could not see the situation clearly. Although Li Mu loved talents, he cherished his time and energy more.

Chen Tong also paid a big price because of his confusion. At least, he missed the position of chief editor of Makino Technology. At this stage, the title of chief editor of Makino Technology was very valuable in the entire industry. It had long exceeded Chen Tong's imagination, and it also made Chen Tong regret it to the point that his intestines were green.

Li Mu was quite surprised to receive Chen Tong's call, but he did not show any abnormality on his face. He just asked Chen Tong, "Teacher Chen, why are you calling me so late?"

People who came from the cultural circle liked to be called "teacher" more than anything else. Li Mu called him Teacher Chen, which could be considered to be to his liking.

Chen Tong said with some embarrassment, "Li Zong, I have a new product idea. I have just sorted out the product plan and sent it to your email. I hope you can take a look at it when you have time and give me some guidance."

Li Mu was a little curious and asked him, "Teacher Chen, have you started to study the product now?"

Chen Tong himself was a content worker. Generally speaking, people who worked in this job were very inclined to liberal arts, and product managers were very inclined to science and engineering, so it was inevitable that Li Mu was curious.

Chen Tong said with some lack of confidence, "Here's the thing, Li Zong. I recently analyzed the operation of the blog and found some rules and characteristics, so I want to do a product upgrade on the basis of the blog. However, I really don't know much about product development, so I am generally a amateur. I hope you can take some time to correct me."

Li Mu nodded and said, "No problem, I will carefully look at your product plan when I have time."

As he said that, Li Mu asked curiously, "By the way, Teacher Chen, can you give a brief introduction on the phone?"

"This …" Chen Tong hesitated for a moment and said, "Actually, I want to reduce the content on the basis of Weibo. The blog that you posted before gave me a lot of inspiration. It made me feel that excellent content, or excellent content that is suitable for online dissemination, actually doesn't need to be very long or very deep. Shorter and simpler, on the contrary, is more likely to resonate with users."

"F * ck …" Li Mu couldn't help but gasp.

Reducing the content of the blog, making the blog shorter and simpler, then wouldn't that be Weibo?

I haven't even prepared to open Weibo, and Chen Tong figured it out by himself?

After feeling surprised, Li Mu said to Chen Tong, "How about this, Teacher Chen, let me take a look at your product idea first. We will talk about the specifics when we arrive at the company tomorrow."

"Okay."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu sobered up a lot. He quickly went home and turned on his computer to check the product plan that Chen Tong sent through his email.

When he saw the title of "light blog," Li Mu knew that this thing shouldn't be too different from Weibo. At least from the core, it was very close to Weibo, or rather, close to Twitter.

After carefully looking at the product plan that Chen Tong sent, Li Mu was secretly amazed. Chen Tong's light blog had basically reached 50% of Weibo or Twitter. The real thing was the social section. Chen Tong was reducing the content on the basis of the blog, but he didn't think about how to increase the attributes of social interaction after the reduction. As for the rest, he had basically thought about it.

Chen Tong was not a reincarnated person. He was able to cut in from the blog and figure out half of Weibo, which really surprised Li Mu.

Li Mu carefully sorted out the logic behind it. First of all, he could be sure that in his previous life, the concept of "Weibo" was created by Twitter, and Twitter was launched in 2006. In other words, according to normal logic, there should only be one person in this world who knew about the model of Weibo, and that person was himself.

However, why did Chen Tong figure out half of Twitter by himself before Twitter was launched?

After thinking about it, Li Mu suddenly thought of a very important logic. That is, the development of any technology is like climbing a mountain. The people who walk in the front are always exploring their own path, and the people who walk behind are mostly walking on the path that their predecessors have walked. The people who are one step ahead of others have the most opportunities and possibilities to innovate.

Just like the blog, according to Chen Tong's analysis of the blog, the blog light weight is the inevitable stage of the blog development. Then, there is a question here: Who will be the first person to think of this?

Li Mu felt that it must be the first person to discover the drawbacks of the blog weight. Only then would he think of the improvement of the blog weight. And to discover the drawbacks of the blog weight, one must first develop the blog to a bottleneck.

In his previous life, it was the Westerners who invented the blog, and it was also the Westerners who first ran the blog concept to a bottleneck. Therefore, it was also the Westerners who first realized that the blog should be light weight.

Therefore, in his previous life, Hua Xia's blog concept imitated the West. After the blog development reached a bottleneck, Hua Xia's Weibo concept also imitated the West. Sina Blog imitated the West's Blog, and Sina Weibo imitated the West's Twitter. They had always been at the stage of "walking on the path that their predecessors have walked."

The development of technology is like this. If one step is slow, then it will be slow. If one step is fast, then it will be fast.

In this life, Makino Technology took the lead in the field of social networking on the global Internet. Therefore, Chen Tong was able to reach the bottleneck of the blog operation before the Westerners, and then he thought of the route of the blog light weight before the Westerners.