Chapter 202

At 9: 30 am, more than three thousand students from Xilan Middle School and High School rushed into the field. It was supposed to be the broadcast gymnastics time, but today was a little strange. The students were curious to find that there were a few tables on the flag-raising platform at the end of the field, and there were a few strangers sitting on them. They looked young, around 20 years old, and judging from their clothes, they seemed to be from a big city.

Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu, the five people from Dorm 606, Dong Ai, and the others were all sitting on the stage. However, other than Liu Nian, the rest of them were in charge of counting and handing out money. The principal, Wang Jianshe, was in charge of calling out names, and Liu Nian was in charge of handing the money to them.

Wang Jianshe wanted Li Mu to give a simple speech, but Li Mu rejected it. No one was more suitable than Liu Nian to give a speech in Xilan Middle School, so Li Mu pushed the task to Liu Nian. Liu Nian was shy, and he was unwilling to do this kind of thing, but Li Mu only said casually, "You are a role model for your juniors. If you do a good job with this speech, Xilan Middle School might have a dozen or even dozens of undergraduates next year.

Before Li Mu could finish, Liu Nian gritted his teeth and said, "I'll do it!"

The reporters from the provincial TV station and the city TV station were also there. The reporters had better information channels, and they had heard about 3321 a long time ago. Now that 3321 had come to Xilan Middle School to study, not only was it big news, it was also a good opportunity to promote their spirit.

At 9: 40 am, thousands of students started to discuss. The familiar broadcast gymnastics music did not move, but the principal walked up to the flag-raising platform in an old suit. There was a microphone stand in front of him, and what was even more strange was that there were many reporters carrying cameras around him. Was there something big going on?

At the back of the crowd, Chen Kai and Huang Zhen stood with their hands behind their backs. Both of them did not look too good.

Huang Zhen said with lingering fear, "Mr. Chen, why did this attract so many media?"

"I don't know, it's really strange!" Chen Kai also felt that it was strange, Xi Lan County was a scar in the city.

The city television station basically did not come to New Zealand for any interviews all year round, but today, not only did the city television station come, even the provincial television station came. There was still a large group of reporters that they did not know where they came from, which made the two of them feel a lot of pressure.

Huang Zhen said guiltily, "There are so many media here.

Will that Li guy report us to the media? "

Chen Kai thought about it and said, "He can't say anything. There's no proof. Besides, we've always been talking about the village primary school. If he really does complain to the media, we'll be able to defend ourselves."

Huang Zhen said, "I've never been interviewed by a television station. If I were to really face a camera, I'm afraid I wouldn't even be able to speak properly."

Chen Kai sighed. He had only accepted a few interviews from Xi 'an Radio and TV Station.

However, the county's radio and television station did not have the money to replace the signal transmission tower because of its old signal transmission tower. Its coverage in the county was less than 30%, and almost no one watched it.

But looking at the situation of the media in front of him, he could not even compare to a 20-year-old young man in his entire life.

Chen Kai said, "Don't talk to Wang Jianshe about taking back the donations from the students today. Let's wait for a few days."

Huang Zhen asked, "Can we still collect the money in a few days?

If we want to collect the money, today is the best opportunity. "

Chen Kai said with a pained expression, "Not today. Let's wait a few days. When the time comes, we'll collect as much as we can."

…

Wang Jianshe had never been nervous standing in front of thousands of students, but today there were a large number of reporters present.

He also unconsciously had stage fright, but after all, he was a soldier who had been to the battlefield, so he quickly adjusted his rhythm.

When the students heard from Wang Jianshe that it was actually their senior brother, Liu Nian, who came back to give them a speech.

Moreover, he brought the student charity organization 3321 to distribute financial aid to the needy high school students. The entire sports field was boiling.

Wang Jianshe did not say much. He let everyone applaud and invited Liu Nian to give a speech. Liu Nian walked up to the flag-raising platform under the applause of the whole school. He stood in front of the microphone, and with trembling hands, he tried to adjust the microphone's height.

He used to be the top student of Xilan High.

He had given a speech on the flag-raising platform more than once. Although there would be a student representative on the platform every Monday during the flag-raising ceremony, he was the only one in the whole school who had given a speech no less than ten times in his three years in high school.

Standing on the flag-raising platform again, Liu Nian thought back to his first time on the platform. It was almost the same as now. His legs were weak, his arms were trembling, and even his voice was shaking. But today, he was no longer a student of Xilan High, but a first-year student of Renmin University. This also made him constantly remind himself not to be nervous. He wanted these juniors to see his transformation after working hard to get into a university. He wanted them to be envious of him, so that they would be motivated to work hard to walk on the same path.

In the warm applause, Liu Nian went off-script and talked about his life in Xilan High, his efforts to get into a university, and his family's efforts to get him into a university. At least a thousand people in the audience felt the same way about his experiences.

Then, Liu Nian talked about his impression of the ancient capital of Yan Jin, the colorful outside world, how he joined 3321 in school, and how he used 3321 to earn his first income in his life.

In the twenty minutes or so, Liu Nian talked more and more easily and naturally. The two to three thousand students in the audience were also fascinated. After standing for so long, no one felt tired.

Finally, Liu Nian talked about the specific details of 3321. When he said, "One thousand yuan for each of the two hundred and twenty students in poverty," the field was completely boiling.

Liu Nian took the name list handed to him by Wang Jianshe and said with red eyes, "Next, the students whose names I called, please come up to the stage to receive the financial aid."

Li Mu and the others in the back kept counting the two hundred and twenty thousand yuan in units of one thousand yuan. One hundred yuan bill was folded in half, and there were nine hundred yuan bills.

The first student whose name was called by Liu Nian was Zhang Tiezhu. He ran up to the stage excitedly and stood in front of Liu Nian. Liu Nian turned to take the one thousand yuan from Hu Zhengdao and then handed it to Zhang Tiezhu. When Zhang Tiezhu received the one thousand yuan, he couldn't believe it was real.

Liu Nian knew time was running out, so he called the second person's name.

The speed at which the money was distributed was very fast. After the names were called, the students went up to the stage and took the cash from Liu Nian's hand. One by one, the students went up to the stage. In the end, Liu Nian felt it was still too slow, so he called ten people up to the stage at a time, and then called another ten after that.

Chen Kai and Huang Zhen felt their hearts ache. They had worked in the board of education for so many years, but they had never seen such a large amount of cash. Seeing so much cash flow out at the speed of water, it was normal for them to feel bad.

When Liu Nian finished distributing the financial aid to the two hundred and twenty students, it was almost the end of the third class. The students who received the financial aid were all excited, and each of them had different ideas. Some wanted to send the money home, some wanted to use it to buy more teaching materials and save money for the next semester's tuition, and some wanted to use it to eat, drink, and have fun.

Li Mu couldn't guarantee that all of the two hundred and twenty students would use the financial aid in the right way, but he didn't care about it. What he wanted to do was to give the needy students a chance, and whether they would take it or not was not up to him. However, even if some of them couldn't improve their grades with the one thousand yuan, it would at least help them with their basic necessities.

After the money was distributed, the excited Wang Jianshe stood on the stage and applauded Liu Nian again. He also encouraged everyone to study hard, so that they would have a chance to change their fate if they were admitted to a university. The students from the first year to the third year were all fired up. Their hopes for the future had always been vague and vague, but Liu Nian's speech made their hopes for the future more concrete for the first time. It had the effect of lifting the fog in their hearts.

Wang Jianshe ordered the cafeteria to prepare a sumptuous meal for Li Mu's group, but Li Mu refused. When the students of Xilan Middle School returned to the classroom for the fourth class, they said goodbye to Wang Jianshe and the staff of Xilan Middle School, got into the rented Coaster, and began their return journey.

On the second day back in Beijing, the Beijing TV Station released a news special, "The Tragedy of the Student Aid". In half an hour, they replayed the whole process of their reporter following the person in charge of 3321 to Xilan County for the student aid. In the recording, the deputy director of the Xilan County's Board of Education, Huang Zhen, shocked the whole country!

Although Beijing TV Station's viewership was not among the top three in the country, it was not a problem for it to be in the top five. Most importantly, it was a media in the capital, this special identity made its content even more important.

That night, there was an angry instruction from the higher management of the ministry that they must investigate this matter thoroughly. Not only did they want the Xilan County's Board of Education to be responsible, they also wanted to hold their superior accountable. The instruction of the higher management was widely reprinted by the media within a few days, "As an official of the education system, he did not contribute to the education system, but dragged the education system down for the sake of money, tarnishing the foundation of the education system. This kind of person is the future of the people, the future of the country. We must not let this cancer stay in the education system. The person who raised this cancer must also be responsible for its appearance!"

Within a week, Huang Zhen and Chen Kai's classes ended one after another. To protect himself, Huang Zhen put Chen Kai out, revealing the inside story of Chen Kai's dream of getting a car, and the fact that Xilan County's Board of Education was trying to get the scholarship from 3321. The media had been following up on this, and in the end, even the Xilan County's Board of Education was implicated. Two of the leaders were demoted, and one was given a warning from the party.