Chapter 193

Su Yingxue's words allowed Li Mu's originally anxious heart to quickly calm down. Central TV's report indeed made him look forward to it, but his own emotions shouldn't be affected by it. After all, this matter wouldn't change based on his emotions.

Su Yingxue saw that the anxiety on Li Mu's face had disappeared, and she smiled sweetly, saying, "During this period of time, the most unusual thing about you is your confidence and calmness when you encounter problems. You've already built such a big platform like 3321, so why would you care about a report from Central TV?"

Li Mu couldn't help but feel a little ashamed. After all, he was someone who had lived for more than thirty years, and if he still couldn't maintain his composure in this kind of situation, wouldn't his mentality collapse long ago when faced with bigger problems in the future?

A man's strength wasn't just about his physical strength or social status, but most importantly, his heart had to be strong enough.

After thinking this through, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "You're right, there really isn't a need to care too much about these things."

Su Yingxue smiled in relief, saying, "Don't always put all your energy on 3321, it's still early for university, you can't fall behind in your studies in the first semester. I heard that some students who flunked too many subjects were expelled in their second year."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows, deliberately using an arrogant tone to say, "I don't believe that the school would dare to expel me, no matter what, I'm still one of the school's signboards."

Su Yingxue pursed her lips into a smile, saying happily, "Of course, not to mention other things, to be able to get three large classrooms from the school for free isn't something that just anyone can do. Right now, many people in the school are saying that when the three rooms of the National People's Congress are ready, they must come over to interview for a part-time job."

"Three rooms of the National People's Congress?"

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "Yes, there's a place called Three Rooms in the east of Yanjing. I don't know who started it, but the three classrooms of 3321 are called the 'Three Rooms of the National People's Congress', and now it's spreading."

Li Mu nodded. "When those three classrooms are finished, they'll probably become the scenery of the National People's Congress."

Su Yingxue smiled noncommittally, thinking of some of the discussions she had heard in the past two days, and said, "3321's income is so high now, and you previously said that the commission will be used to set up the bursary fund. Now, some students are still discussing in private, I don't know if what you said still counts, and I don't know how you're going to set up the bursary fund. Do you have your own plans?

Although 3321 is a well-intentioned public service project, if you don't handle the commission properly, it'll easily bring you a negative impact. "

Li Mu said, "This money has to be split into two parts. One is the daily operating funds of 3321, which I will disclose regularly, and the remaining net profit is the bursary fund, and I've already thought of the details of this part. I'm going to use it for high school bursary, not university bursary."

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "High school bursary?

3321 will only work for poor high school students in the future? "

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "Originally, I wanted to directly set up a university bursary fund, but now that 3321 has so many orders, it itself is a platform to help university students earn money through part-time jobs. As long as you're a university student, you can earn money through 3321 to solve your financial problems. If I also set up a university bursary fund, it'll be a bit contradictory, so it's better to use this money to help poor high school students work hard to get into university. If they still have big financial problems after they get into university, they can use 3321 to support themselves."

After a pause, Li Mu said, "Relying on 3321's donations to get into university in high school, and relying on 3321's platform to finish university, if this process can be carried out, it'll be quite good."

Su Yingxue asked, "Currently, 3321 is only serving Yanjing, are you going to expand it to other cities in the future?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "The core of 3321 is its operating model, and most of the links are solved online, so as long as the online set is standardized, it'll be very easy to expand this model to other cities in the future. Maybe in the future, 3321's business will expand to every city with a university."

"Aiya, then if you really do that, you won't have time to study in the future. Even if the school protects you, you won't have any knowledge when you graduate, what will you do when you enter society?"

"Don't I still have you?"

Li Mu said casually, "I can see with one glance that you have the potential to be a strong woman in the future, if I can't survive after I graduate, I'll rely on you."

"How could that be …" Su Yingxue said slightly shyly, "I'm far worse than you."

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue and smiled without saying a word, thinking to himself, "In the future, you'll be an elite in the business world with an annual salary of a million USD. In our school's batch, although you're not the richest, you're definitely the strongest."

Su Yingxue felt Li Mu's piercing gaze, and her heart was slightly flustered. She hurriedly changed the topic and said, "Oh right, the school is going to have a New Year's Eve party, and the teacher in charge asked me to be the host. He said that if I do well, I'll get extra credits. You're so good at singing, do you want to sign up for a program?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I won't blindly get involved, I'll get busier in the future."

…

On Wednesday, Chen Wan went to Central TV to participate in the second round of interviews. It was said that there were about 200 people who passed the second round of interviews, but there were only a total of six people who were accepted for broadcasting. As for the results of the second round of interviews, they would only be out next week.

Li Mu comforted her not to worry about it. Anyway, she was more inclined to Yanjing TV Station, so it was better to try his best to win over Yanjing TV Station first.

If Chen Wan went to Central TV, Li Mu didn't know how he could help her, but if she went to a local satellite TV station like Yanjing TV Station, he would be able to help her a lot. Now, the local satellite TV stations in the country are basically the same, all of them are ugly ducklings that are not well developed. Only Xiangnan Satellite TV is a step ahead, a little bit mature, but only a little bit. Now, no matter which local satellite TV station, if they dare to have a round of reality shows or a wave of talent shows, they can immediately lead a large number of local satellite TV stations.

On Wednesday night, Li Mu pulled Zhao Kang and invited Chen Wan to dinner. Chen Wan drove Li Mu's GL8 over and said that she wanted to return the car to him. Li Mu didn't want it. The car was bought because of Chen Wan. Although he also hoped that it would be more convenient to have a car instead of walking, he really didn't need it very much.

On Thursday, Chen Wan participated in the preliminary interview at Yanjing TV Station. With her outstanding appearance and temperament, she easily qualified for the second round of interviews. The second round of interviews was set for next Tuesday.

Until Friday, there was still no report about 3321 in Central TV, but Li Mu was too lazy to pay attention to it. After this weekend, the second week of 3321's official launch had also passed.

In the first week, 3321's commission was 165,000 yuan, and in the second week, the commission was 400,000 yuan. The operating cost was the part-time salary of the ground staff. Just the odd part was not much, and the remaining net profit was nearly 500,000 yuan.

Li Mu felt that it was time to spend this 500,000 yuan.

On Friday night, in Room 606, Li Mu gathered everyone together and briefly reported the profits of 3321 for the past two weeks to the five of them.

The net profit of almost 500,000 yuan in two weeks shocked the five of them to the point that they were speechless.

Li Yawei held it in for a long time and said, "Mu Ge, I think you've lost a lot. Such a big project, why did you say that you wouldn't make a single cent from it?

Even if you only kept 10%, you would have become a tycoon. "

Sun Jian nodded and added, "If you can make 50,000 yuan in two weeks, Li Mu, you can make millions in a year!"

Hu Zhengdao sighed, "50,000 yuan can build six beautiful new houses in my hometown, and the remaining money can even be used to dig a well in the yard."

"Uh …" Liu Nian didn't say anything for a long time, and then he finally said, "In my hometown, buying a Vietnamese wife costs about 15,000 yuan, and 50,000 yuan can buy three."

"F * ck, really?" Xue Jianfeng had a cigarette in his mouth and was shocked, "Vietnamese girls are so cheap?"

Liu Nian said, "It's not cheap, the farmers in my hometown need at least 5 years to save up 15,000 yuan."

Li Yawei smiled and asked, "Liu Nian, your hometown is close to Vietnam, are there many people who marry Vietnamese wives?"

Liu Nian said, "It's not much …"

Li Yawei turned to Li Mu and said, "Mu Ge, the more you think about it, the more I feel that you've lost a lot. If you keep the money from 3321 in your pocket, how many wives can you marry?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Even if you marry a wife, you can't use this money, it will go bad if you keep it in your pocket."

Hu Zhengdao asked, "Then what do you plan to do now?

It's almost 500,000 yuan, are you going to just donate it?

Donate it to the Red Cross?

Or to an educational foundation? "

Li Mu waved his hand, "I won't donate it to other organizations, 3321 will set up its own charity foundation and use it."

As he said that, Li Mu looked at Liu Nian and asked him, "What's the proportion of poor students in your high school?"

Liu Nian thought for a moment, "The proportion of poor students in my county's high school is at least 30% to 40%. Other than the students in the county who are slightly better off, the students in the surrounding villages are basically very poor."

Li Mu asked again, "What about the high school you're studying in?

How many high school students are there? "

Liu Nian said, "My year of high school has a total of 6 classes, around 400 students."

Li Mu said, "Around 400 students, if 40% of the students are poor, the number of poor students should not exceed 200, and each of them will be given a 1,000 yuan stipend, which is only 200,000 yuan. Very easy, let's do that."

After hearing that, Liu Nian immediately stood up and said in shock, "Mu Ge, you're not joking with me, are you?"

Everyone else in the dorm was also shocked. How could Li Mu so casually decide on the direction of the 200,000 yuan fund?

Li Mu sincerely said to Liu Nian, "My current idea is not to sponsor poor students, but to provide a platform for them to work hard on their own, to use their energy and funds to sponsor those high school students who are about to enter university, so let's start with your alma mater."

Liu Nian suddenly became excited, and his eyes quickly turned red and filled with tears.

The county where his family lived was a national poor county, even though even the county was in the mountains, the economy was very poor. The high school he studied in was also very dilapidated, and the school did not provide special dormitories for resident students like them, so they could only use ordinary classrooms as dormitories. There were 40 people living in one room, and they were all children from the mountain villages. Their food expenses did not exceed 2 or 3 yuan a day, and in order to study, they had to pool money to buy teaching assistants to take turns watching them, and use waste paper to calculate the teaching assistants' questions, and wear a school uniform from first to third year …