Chapter 1113

After getting in the car, Wei Lan's eyes were red and swollen. She didn't say a word, and her hand was still gently held by Li Mu. Neither she nor Li Mu wanted to take her hand back.

Li Mu actually had a lot to ask Wei Lan, and Wei Lan also had a lot to say in her heart. She felt so wronged that she wanted to say it immediately to release the pressure in her heart.

However, Zhou Zhan and Wang Yuanlang were still in the car.

Although these two people didn't say a word, for Li Mu and Wei Lan, it was difficult to say a lot of things with them there.

Wei Lan felt particularly ashamed along the way.

The reason for the shame was that she had been acting for several days, but in the end, she screwed up the night before she was going to leave.

What was even more depressing was that she didn't know what she had done wrong, and she didn't know how Li Mu saw through it.

And what made her feel even more ashamed was still to come.

Li Mu's driver didn't ask her for her address at all. He didn't even say a word and drove all the way to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

It turned out that Li Mu not only knew that she was lying, that she didn't have a close friend in Shenzhen, and that she had been staying in a hotel these days. He even knew which hotel she was staying in.

For Wei Lan, this was too embarrassing.

Zhou Zhan parked the car outside the hotel lobby, and a doorman came to help open the door of the back seat. Wei Lan happened to be sitting at the door. As soon as the door opened, she got out of the car as if she was fleeing. Now she just wanted to say goodbye to Li Mu and escape from him. Otherwise, the embarrassment and shame would make her breathless.

Seeing Wei Lan get out of the car, Li Mu felt a little empty in his heart. After getting out of the car, Wei Lan hurriedly tidied her hair behind her ears, avoided Li Mu's eyes, and said unnaturally, "Well, I'm going in. You should go back and rest early."

Li Mu nodded and said to her, "Call me when you get up tomorrow. I'll take you to the airport."

Wei Lan hurriedly waved her hand. "No need. I don't know what time I'll get up tomorrow. After I get up, I'll choose a suitable flight back …"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "You can get up at any time tomorrow. I'll come before nine o 'clock."

Wei Lan still wanted to refuse. "You really don't have to go through so much trouble …"

Li Mu frowned. After seeing through Wei Lan's lies, why did she immediately become distant with him?

Li Mu still wanted to say something, but Wei Lan had already waved at him and said, "I'm going in."

After saying that, he turned around and walked into the hotel lobby.

Li Mu looked at her back and sighed. He reached out and closed the door.

Zhou Zhan took the sound of the door closing as a signal to start driving. After Li Mu closed the door, he stepped on the accelerator and drove out.

A few minutes later, Li Mu sent a text message to Wei Lan. "Have you arrived at your room?"

Wei Lan quickly replied, "We're here. Don't worry, I'm going to take a shower. Text me when you get home."

"Alright, go ahead."

After replying to this message, Li Mu had been holding his phone and waiting, but Wei Lan had not replied.

Li Mu felt a little awkward. He felt that after learning about Wei Lan's actual actions, he should have a good chat with her. The window paper between the two seemed to be as thin as it could be, so thin that it could not continue like this at all.

This feeling, for Li Mu and Wei Lan, was like a glass barrier that separated them from each other.

If the two were separated by a completely opaque glass, although they lived very close to each other, they would not feel too embarrassed.

But if the glass became translucent or even almost transparent, then the feeling between the two people on the left and right side of the glass would not be so wonderful.

In this case, if the two people on the left and right side of the glass wanted to completely solve this embarrassment, there were only three ways.

The first way, one party moved away.

The second way, make the glass completely opaque.

The third way, break the glass and completely eliminate the barrier.

If Wei Lan returned to Yan Jing like this tomorrow, it could be imagined that the biggest feeling between the two in the future would probably be embarrassment. In that case, they really could not even be friends.

Thinking of this, and thinking of Wei Lan's pitiful appearance when she was wronged and crying, Li Mu suddenly said to Zhou Zhan, "Old Zhou, turn around and go back."

"Okay, Li Zong." Zhou Zhan did not say much. He slowed down, turned around, and drove back to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

The car had been out of the hotel for about ten minutes, and back for about ten minutes. The car stopped at the entrance of the hotel, and Li Mu said to Wang Yuanlang, "Old Wang, help me get a room, use your name."

Wang Yuanlang nodded and asked him, "Li Zong, what kind of room do you want?"

Li Mu said, "A suite, you can see for yourself."

"Okay!"

Wang Yuanlang straightforwardly got out of the car and went to the hotel lobby alone. After asking about the room, he used his own name to help Li Mu book a luxury suite of more than 100 square meters. This room was second only to the presidential suite. If it wasn't for the fact that the presidential suite was about five or six hundred square meters, Wang Yuanlang would have booked a presidential suite for him first.

Five minutes later, Wang Yuanlang came out with the room card and handed it to Li Mu.

Li Mu put on the mask and the glasses Wei Lan gave him, pushed the door open without hesitation, and walked into the hotel lobby with large strides.

The room Wang Yuanlang booked was 8310. After Li Mu took the elevator to room 8310 alone, he pushed the door open and entered, then sent a message to Wei Lan, "I'm here."

Li Mu felt that he had to think of a way to solve this awkward situation between him and Wei Lan, but in view of the situation, he felt that the decision should be in Wei Lan's hands.

Li Mu now had two plans: if Wei Lan wanted to talk to him, then the two of them would have a good chat, face-to-face, no problem; if she didn't want to talk, then he would sleep here for the night, send her to the airport tomorrow, and wait until he returned to Beijing to talk about the matter between the two of them.

If Wei Lan chose to be like an ostrich, burying her head in the sand to avoid this matter, then he would do his best to cooperate with her rhythm, and everything would be to make her feel at ease.

At this moment, in room 8303 on the same floor as Li Mu, Wei Lan was sitting on the carpet outside the suite, drinking to drown her sorrows.

The wine was already in the room, a medium-high French red wine. Wei Lan had just told Li Mu that she was going to take a shower, so she didn't go to the bathroom after putting down her phone. Instead, she opened the bottle of red wine and poured herself a large glass.

Now, the red wine glass with a capacity of at least two hundred milliliters had been filled by Wei Lan for the second time.

Wei Lan was in a bad mood at this time. On one hand, her clumsy lie was seen through by Li Mu, and on the other hand, she had never thought of confessing to Li Mu, at least not now. But she was also very clear that after she was seen through by Li Mu today, even if she didn't directly confess, it was almost the same as confessing.

Then, what to do next became the thing that Wei Lan was most worried about.

She also knew that this was the most awkward time. Whether it was herself or Li Mu, they wouldn't want the two of them to fall into such an awkward situation. But if they wanted to solve the awkwardness, they must come up with practical actions. But, what kind of practical actions should they use to solve this kind of awkward situation?

Wei Lan didn't know herself.

She was so annoyed that she could only drink to drown her sorrows. She thought that she might as well drink to her heart's content tonight, and then sleep as long as she could.

When she saw the text message from Li Mu saying that he had reached home, Wei Lan was still hesitating whether to reply. If she didn't reply, then she might as well not reply for the whole night. If she replied, then what should she reply to?

After hesitating for a long time, Wei Lan decided to reply to Li Mu's text message and take the initiative to explain the matter to Li Mu clearly.

So Wei Lan replied, "I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have lied to you again and again. In fact, I really didn't come to find my best friend. I just wanted to come and see you, so I have been staying in the hotel since the day I came to Shenzhen."

Li Mu had already guessed it, so he wasn't surprised by her statement. He just asked her, "You came to Shenzhen just to see me?"

Wei Lan pursed her lips and replied with her phone, "Yes, I haven't seen you for a long time. When I was in Hong Kong, I felt that it was very close to you, so I wanted to come and see you. I didn't want to stay for so long. I just wanted to see you and go back the next day, but you gave me a temporary long vacation, so I had to stay until today."

Li Mu asked her, "If you wanted to see me, why didn't you say so directly?

You could have just given me a call and I could have gone to Hong Kong to see you. Why did you have to make up an excuse that you came to see your best friend and see me? "

Wei Lan's face was full of embarrassment. She replied, "Can I not answer this question?"

Li Mu said, "If you don't want to answer, I won't force you."

Wei Lan hesitated for a long time before saying, "I don't know how to answer this question, and I don't want to say this in a text message. If there is a chance, when you return to Yanjing, let's talk, okay?"

Li Mu asked her, "If you don't want to say it in a text message, what if you say it in person?"

Wei Lan really didn't want to talk about this topic in a text message. When they were face to face, she had thought of plucking up the courage to pour out all her feelings for him. But Li Mu was drunk and couldn't drive, so Zhou Zhan and Wang Yuanlang were beside him. So she could only swallow those words that were on the tip of her tongue.

Wei Lan kept thinking that if Li Mu was the only one who went to see her tonight, she might have been moved and felt wronged. She might have directly confessed to him. Unfortunately, he had two bodyguards with him.

So Wei Lan replied to Li Mu, "I can say it in person, but I may need to drink more."

Li Mu said, "You have drunk enough tonight."

Wei Lan said, "It's not enough. It's you who won't let me drink, or I will definitely drink more."

After sending this message, Wei Lan drank the red wine in the glass and sent another message to Li Mu. "It takes courage to say a lot of things. I don't have enough courage, so I can only use alcohol to boost my courage. If you can drink a little more with me today, I might have told you everything. Even when you sent me back to the hotel, I had a lot to say to you, but you had bodyguards with you, so I didn't say it …"

Li Mu asked her, "If there is no one else around now, would you like to have a good chat with me?"