Chapter 248

The community where Song Liang lived was currently the best community in Haizhou. It was very close to Haizhou No. 1 Middle School and his store. It belonged to a relatively prosperous area. The original standard of the community was relatively high-end, and the average price was two or three hundred yuan more expensive than ordinary houses. Especially the large house of 160 square meters, which was transparent from north to south, and the house structure was also very good, so the price was more expensive.

But even so, it was only about 1,400 yuan. A house of 160 square meters would only cost more than 200,000 yuan.

Song Liang had mentioned before that there were a total of 20 households in two units of 160 square meters. But maybe it was because Haizhou had never had such a large house, this house was not selling well in Haizhou. The other two-bedroom and three-bedroom houses of more than 80 and 110 square meters had long been sold out. Only the one-bedroom house of 160 square meters had been bought by two-thirds.

When Papa Lee said that he wanted to change to a bigger house, Li Mu's first thought was there.

Papa Lee calculated the account. Although 160 square meters sounded a little ridiculous, the total price was actually not much. The couple had more than a million yuan in their accounts, so it was not a problem to buy a house of more than 200,000 yuan.

Papa Lee thought for a moment and said, "Why don't we go and have a look tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, let's see the environment and house layout of the community."

Li Ma said with some hesitation, "Is it too empty to live in a house of 160 square meters?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Let's buy one first. It will take some time to decorate it. After the decoration, we can release the smell. It is estimated that we will live in it after next summer. If you think it is big, buy another one of about 100 square meters. But I still suggest a bigger one. We have to think about it in the long run. If I have children in the future, the house is too small to play."

Li Ma couldn't help laughing and patted Li Mu's head. "You think so far ahead!

Mom allows you to date in college, but I don't want you to be a grandmother before you graduate from college! "

Li Mu scratched his head and said, "What are you thinking? I didn't mean that."

Li Ma smiled and said, "I'm just reminding you!"

Papa Lee chuckled and said, "If our son was in the countryside at this age, it wouldn't be surprising if he was already a father. Li Fen is a year younger than Li Mu, and she's getting married next year."

Li Mu was Li Fen's cousin, the daughter of his uncle. Hearing that she was going to get married next year, Li Mu asked in surprise, "Dad, Li Fen is getting married at such a young age?"

Papa Lee nodded. "Your aunt found a husband for her. His family is quite well-off. His family owns a flour mill in town. I heard that Li Fen gets along well with the son of that family, so the two families decided on a date."

Li Mu searched through the memories of his previous life. Li Fen's marriage should have happened around 2010. The man was also from Haizhou. They met when they were working outside. Li Mu even came back to attend her wedding. Why did she get married so early in this life?

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "What happened?

Why did she get married so early? "

Papa Lee said, "It's normal for a girl to get married at the age of 18 in the countryside. Before your uncle opened the wholesale department, the man's family definitely looked down on him. However, after your uncle opened the wholesale department, business was very good and he became a little famous in the town. That's why the matchmaker proposed such a marriage. Your uncle and aunt didn't have any objections and let Li Fen meet the man. Li Fen was also satisfied, so they decided to hold the wedding next year."

Li Mu smacked his lips, feeling a little complicated in his heart.

In other words, Li Fen's life had changed dramatically because of him. If he hadn't been reborn and given his parents a certain amount of financial strength, they wouldn't have been able to support his uncle to open the wholesale department in the town. If it hadn't been for the wholesale department that improved his social status in the town, the man's family or the matchmaker might not have connected Li Fen with the man's son.

What was certain was that the man she was going to marry now was definitely not someone she knew when she was working in her previous life.

Li Mu began to search through his memory. How was Li Fen's life after she got married in her previous life?

After thinking for a long time, there was no clear memory.

Because Li Mu was away all year round, and his uncle's family was in the countryside, they had very little contact, and even less after working.

However, Li Mu quickly searched through a memory. Not long before his rebirth, Papa Lee once told him that Li Fen's husband wasn't very honest. Li Fen had to take care of her four-year-old daughter and earn money to support the family. Her life was very hard.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt a little relieved.

After all, she was his cousin. In the eyes of his parents' generation, getting married so early was nothing, but he still felt a little unbearable. The change in her life was because of him. If she didn't live well in her previous life, he would feel guilty.

But looking at it now, it seemed that it was better than working for a few years and living with her husband who wasn't honest in his previous life.

However, Li Mu was still a little worried and asked his father, "When is Fenfen's wedding date?"

Papa Lee said, "It's still early. It's set for May of next year's lunar calendar."

Li Mu nodded. There was still half a year left. This time, he didn't have time to see Li Fen. During the New Year, he could understand her current situation and the general situation of the man. If the man was not reliable, he couldn't let her get married so early no matter what.

Everyone said that the man's condition was good. Didn't he just open a flour mill in town?

How good could it be?

Why would Li Mu's cousin want to get close to such a rich man in a small town?

If something was really wrong, he would think of a way to persuade Li Fen to go back to school or come to Haizhou to study and strive to enter a university in the future. It would be much better than getting married and having children in the countryside at the age of 18.

After making up his mind, Li Mu didn't say much. Instead, he asked his father how his uncle's business was going.

Papa Lee looked a little excited and said that his uncle's business was quite active. After he opened the wholesale department, in order to increase sales, he rode a bicycle to all the villages within a radius of 20 or 30 kilometers. He only did one thing. He asked each village's sales department and canteen if they were willing to buy goods from him. If they were willing, he would deliver goods to their doorstep in the future. He would also give them a week's account period. He would deliver goods once a week and pay for the previous week's goods every week.

He kept the goods in stock and delivered them to their doorstep. All of a sudden, his uncle opened a sales channel in the countryside. He specially hired a man who drove a three-wheeled motorcycle in town to deliver goods on his behalf. His business was booming. A few days ago, his uncle also called Papa Lee and said that he was going to learn a driver's license and save some money to buy a Star of Chang 'an after the New Year. In the future, it would be much more convenient to deliver goods.

His uncle's business was booming, and Papa Lee was also very happy.

…

After dinner at home, Li Mu got the car key from his father and was ready to go to the ecological park to meet Zhang Kexuan and the others. Originally, he wanted to send his aunt and aunt home. However, they all had motorcycles now. In a small city like Haizhou, a scooter that cost more than ten thousand yuan was not only impressive, but also very convenient.

Li Mu drove to the ecological park. After a simple plan, the four guys couldn't wait to ask Li Mu a series of questions. The first question was, "Who will play the female lead?

Who will play the male villain? "

Li Mu said, "I prefer Du Wei to play the female lead."

Except for Zhang Kexuan, the other three looked at each other. Ye Tianming frowned and said, "Who is Du Wei?

I have never heard of her! "

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "She is the sister of Chen Ze's friend."

"Oh!"

Ye Tianming raised his eyebrows and said, "Chen Ze. His old man is now in such a high position. He must be doing well in Yanjing."

Li Mu said, "It has nothing to do with Chen Ze. The main thing is that Du Wei is very suitable for this role. What do you think, Kexuan?"

Zhang Kexuan thought for a moment and nodded and said, "Du Wei is beautiful and pure. She is really suitable for the female lead. However, she is a music student. She may not be willing to act in micro films. Even if she is willing, she may not be able to act well, right?"

Li Mu asked him, "She is a music student. What about you?"

Zhang Kexuan's face was full of embarrassment. He rolled his eyes at Li Mu and said, "You can insult me. Okay, you win. I have no opinion …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Everyone is a peasant when it comes to acting. However, I believe that as long as everyone finds the feeling, I dare not say that it will be very good, but at least it will be acceptable."

Zhang Kexuan asked, "Have you communicated with Du Wei?"

"Not yet. She is your fan. Naturally, you have to communicate with her."

Zhang Kexuan had to nod and said, "Okay, I will call her and ask."

After that, he asked again, "What about the male villain?

Is there a candidate for this role? "

"Not yet."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Try to find a wretched one."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "That won't do. If you want to find one, you have to find a handsome one."

Zhang Kexuan asked with some depression, "Why?"

Li Mu said seriously, "If the male villain is an ugly and wretched man, it will definitely affect everyone's perception of the female lead. So the male villain needs to be handsome in appearance."

Zhang Kexuan held his chin and thought for a moment. He nodded and said, "You are the director and screenwriter. You decide."

Li Mu said, "You have to try to get Du Wei to join us no matter what. In addition, we will try to start shooting before the end of the month. At that time, we will shoot the scenes in Haizhou first. After shooting all the scenes in Haizhou, we will go to Yanjing to shoot the rest. After finishing in Yanjing, we will directly hand it over to the post-production company in Yanjing."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Then I will call Du Wei later. I hope she will agree."

Li Mu said, "Not hope, you must get her to agree!"

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "Okay, okay, I will work hard."

Li Mu then said, "When I register the company, you will sign a contract with me. At that time, I will use the contract to trick investors. The cost of this movie is set at about two million. If the advertising investment is done well, maybe we can make some money."