Chapter 642

At this moment, Xu Jinzhong realized that Chen Tong's status and influence in Sina had gone up in smoke. His strong hipster temperament had made him unpopular among Sina's higher-ups. The reason why they still gave him some face was because they still needed him to bring Sina's portal to greater heights. Now, once Sina's portal gives up, Chen Tong's status will be gone.

For a character like Chen Tong, when he was needed, everyone could tolerate him. But once he was no longer useful, basically everyone hoped to step on him under their feet, or hoped that he would disappear as soon as possible. This content line master, who had carried forward Sina and made Weibo's content bigger and stronger, had basically lost all his foundation in Sina at this time.

Xu Jinzhong hoped to promote the game business as soon as possible, so he made an in-depth analysis of Sina's current situation in front of everyone. He said, "The biggest problem our portal faces is that the user's ability to cash in is too weak. Our traffic can only be converted into advertising revenue, and this conversion method is the lowest level and also the lowest rate of return in the Internet industry. When other companies calculate the ARPU of a single user, we can only calculate how much advertising revenue can be generated for every one million traffic. We have users, but we can't find a truly efficient way to cash in. Right now, online games are the most suitable development direction. The monthly ARPU of a single user is at least 50 yuan, and the profit margin is huge."

"We were only after website traffic in the past, but we didn't make good use of it. That's why we didn't manage to increase our company's revenue. Also, our portal's users are not loyal enough, and it's easy for us to lose users. In the end, it's like drawing water with a sieve. Now, it's our last chance to change ourselves. If we don't change now, Sina will be pushed to the beach by the internet."

Xu Jinzhong was right. Sina does not have a suitable channel to cash in its users. It is like Hua Xia in the 50s and 60s. Although it had a large population, its GDP per capita was too low to support its own needs. On the other hand, those developed countries with millions or tens of millions of people were the leaders in all industries because of their advanced infrastructure. Their GDP per capita was frighteningly high. The difference between these two is similar to the situation of Sina Portal and online games in terms of revenue.

Xu Jinzhong's words struck a chord in everyone's hearts because he had been deeply troubled by the lack of revenue.

In fact, Xu Jinzhong was a person with real skills. It was just that he hadn't found a suitable starting point. He had finally found a UC, but it was killed by Makino Technology. Nothing was left. So this time, Xu Jinzhong only had one thought, which was to promote the game.

Chen Tong was in a very bad mood. He now realized that he had lost his power. Maybe after this meeting, he would be marginalized by the company. But he also knew very well that he could do nothing about it. He could only watch Li Mu use all kinds of unimaginable methods to destroy his hard work. He didn't even have the ability to struggle.

…

Zhang Guorong and the other two caused quite a stir at the National People's Congress. Fortunately, it was just the start of the holidays, and most students had returned home. Otherwise, today's National People's Congress would be in chaos because of the arrival of the three celebrities.

Many media reporters from YY website flocked to the National People's Congress, hoping to get some news. But Li Mu had already asked Dong Ai to warn 3321's staff in advance that after the arrival of the three celebrities, they must be fireproof, burglary, and reporters. As for how much they should guard against reporters, the simplest criteria was: If any other media took a picture of any of the three celebrities' faces at the National People's Congress, it would be a dereliction of duty.

So the staff of 3321 and the school's security department guarded the place tightly. Not a single reporter was allowed in.

Li Mu's thinking was very clear. For a portal where content was king, this kind of exclusive news must not be allowed to be taken away by others. The tighter they guarded it, the more users would rely on YY website, and at the same time, the more incompetent their competitors would be.

Fortunately, there was no portable camera equipment in this day and age, especially for university students. The penetration rate of digital cameras was less than 1%, and the penetration rate for video cameras was less than 1%. So as long as they guarded the place and prevented other reporters from sneaking in, other platforms and media would not be able to get any relevant information.

The three of them stayed at the National People's Congress for the entire afternoon. After visiting, interacting, and giving speeches, 3321's staff escorted the enthusiastic members of the Student Union and National People's Congress students out of 3321's office. Once the door was closed, the core members began to discuss the specific itinerary with Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and their managers.

Considering that there were two big celebrities participating in the entire event, Li Mu requested that 3321's team make a detailed plan and take precautions to keep the itinerary confidential. Otherwise, there would be a bunch of reporters waiting for them everywhere they went. That would be too much of a delay. Moreover, since the two of them were participating in the event, YY website's own reporters had to do an exclusive follow-up report throughout the entire event. They could not allow other media outlets to steal the news.

Entering July, 3321's event also entered a new rhythm. The college entrance examinations were coming up soon, and the sophomores had already completed their sophomore studies and classes. This period was especially important for sophomores in impoverished areas. Many of them had to find ways to earn money during the summer to supplement their tuition and fees for the next school year. There were even many who faced dropping out of school at this critical time.

3321 accelerated its event at this time and set three levels of stipends: 1,000 yuan, 1,500 yuan, and 2,000 yuan. The specific amount was determined according to the student's specific circumstances. For extremely poor students, a one-time cash subsidy of 2,000 yuan would be provided. At present, in a national-level impoverished county, 2,000 yuan was enough for a student's tuition and fees as well as basic living expenses for a year.

Launching the event at this stage was very meaningful. The most important point was to let these poor students, who were about to enter their third year of high school, relax in advance and prepare for their third year of high school and college entrance examinations. Once they were admitted to university, 3321 could immediately grant them tutoring qualifications after their college entrance examination results were released. At that time, they could use their summer vacation tutoring to earn money for their university tuition. If they still had difficulties, 3321 would even provide them with interest-free student loans. When they were admitted to university, they could continue to work part-time at 3321 to repay the loans.

Because of the special timing, 3321's event frequency was also very high. At the same time, there were more than five teams of students active all over the country, moving to a different area every five days.

Considering that they had to communicate with the local school and review the student's situation before moving to the next area after the event, five days was already the fastest. This time, 3321 had initially planned twelve regions for Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang for the first phase. The cycle was two months, and during this period, they could quit at any time. If they were still interested in continuing after the first phase, then they would plan the second phase for them.

Zhang Guorong had no objections to this. He said, "I came to the mainland this time to prepare at least two months of time to do this, so I will definitely persevere through the twelve matches in the first episode."

After saying that, he looked at Mei Yanfang and said with concern, "You have so many things to do, so don't follow me for too long. Go back to Hong Kong after two rounds."

Mei Yanfang looked at him and smiled. She said softly, "Why do you think I came to the mainland this time?

I'm not here to go through the motions and then rush back to Hong Kong to start work. Although I can't guarantee two months, one month is not a problem. For the next month, I will eat and sleep with you. You can't chase me away. "

Zhang Guorong couldn't help but laugh. "If the Hong Kong media found out about this, I don't know what they would write."

Mei Yanfang smiled carelessly and patted Zhang Guorong's shoulder. She said teasingly, "Zu Yaoting has gone to Australia. Who in the Hong Kong media would dare to talk nonsense now?"

After saying that, Mei Yanfang looked at Zhang Guorong and said meaningfully, "You and I have been in this circle for so many years. What have we not seen?

Even if the media is talking nonsense, you and I don't need to care about it. Just laugh and be ourselves. "

Li Mu heard that Mei Yanfang was looking for an opportunity to guide Zhang Guorong to be more open-minded. Zhang Guorong nodded in agreement and said, "I heard that they arranged for the student aid program to be held in Yungui, so I asked someone to help me rent a small villa by the side of Erhai. It's said that it's very beautiful. The student aid program of 3321 is held every five days. You and I only need to show up on that day, so it's estimated that we can have two and a half days of free time every five days. I originally intended to wait for you to leave, but since you don't mind, we can stay together when the time comes."

Mei Yanfang smiled and said, "You are so selfish!

You didn't tell me such a good thing, and you want to enjoy it by yourself after I leave?

You don't even have a chance! "

Zhang Guorong laughed after hearing that. She didn't say anything, but happiness and gratification were written on her face.

At this time, Li Mu interrupted, "Brother, Sister Mei, I have too many things to do. This time when you go to Yungui, I won't be able to accompany you. But Dong Ai will accompany you the whole time."

Zhang Guorong said, "We all know that you are a busy person. You don't need to worry about us. With Miss Dong, we will definitely be fine."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Also, your plan is to leave in the morning the day after tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will have to trouble you and Miss Mo to go to Makino Technology for an interview. Brother also said that he wants to meet an old friend in Yanjing the day after tomorrow, so the plane the day after tomorrow should be more suitable.

An accompanying motorcade sponsored by Makino Technology has already left for Yungui this morning. At that time, you don't need to worry about the transportation problems. Today, more than a dozen security guards will also fly with you to ensure your safety. "

Two big stars from Hong Kong were going to do charity in the mainland. As a person who had connections in the mainland, Li Mu naturally had to protect them. Otherwise, if something really happened in the mainland, not only would he feel guilty, but it would also affect the Hong Kong people's view of the mainland. Charity was a good thing, and Li Mu didn't want anything to go wrong.