Chapter 93

Papa Lee and Li Ma, who had been away for more than half a month to further their studies, finally came back.

When they came back, the store's renovation was basically completed. The shelves and cashiers were installed, and only the three mirrors in the fitting room were not in place.

In terms of the decoration of the fitting room, Li Mu did not build it according to the decoration suggestions given by the headquarters of Meters-Bonway. The effect of a single fitting mirror and a white light source was not good enough. If the customers did not feel that they looked good in the mirror, how could they be stimulated to consume?

Therefore, Li Mu used the experience he had in ZARA and other overseas fast-selling clothing stores. There were mirrors on all three sides of the fitting room, and the three mirrors were connected at a 90-degree angle as seamlessly as possible. In this way, when customers tried on clothes, they could not only see themselves from left to right, front to back, but most importantly, when they looked at the angle formed by the two mirrors, they could see the real image of themselves. In other words, they could see their real appearance in the eyes of others.

In addition, the warm light almost had a beauty effect, making people feel that their skin color in the mirror was very good and looked better than usual.

This was the fundamental reason why many people felt that they looked good when they tried on clothes in the store, but when they went home and looked in the mirror, they almost wanted to tear the clothes apart.

After Papa Lee and Li Ma came back, Li Mu took them and his aunt to the store. When they saw the bright and grand store, the three of them were all surprised and excited.

Li Mu said, "A few days before you came, I already sent the payment to the company. I estimate that we will arrive in Haizhou in about three days."

His aunt couldn't hide her excitement and said, "Mu, are you going to start hiring employees now?"

Li Mu nodded. "Of course. I wanted to put up an advertisement, but after thinking about it, I think it's better to wait for you, the store manager, to do the hiring yourself."

Little aunt had participated in the headquarters' systematic training and had a comprehensive understanding of the operations of the exclusive store. "How about this? I'll go find a printing shop later and print out a few recruitment advertisements. We'll hang them outside the store today."

Li Mu didn't have any objections. Since he had already chosen his little aunt to be the store manager, these matters should be decided by her. Moreover, seeing that his little aunt was so enthusiastic, Li Mu felt much more at ease.

Li Ma looked around the big store, which was more than 100 square meters, and suddenly remembered the building advertisement she saw on the way. She asked, "Son, you must have spent a lot of money to hang those advertisements in the downtown, right?"

"It's free. It's a friend's seat. We can use it for free for a while."

Song Liang was the most meticulous businessman Li Mu had ever met. He didn't just create a few advertisements for himself. The last time they had a drink and chatted, he found out that Zou Hua was released on the same day Guo Yuhang was discharged from the hospital. It was the result of Song Liang's deliberate operation. It really gave Guo Lin a headache.

At that moment, his little aunt was holding a small notebook and using a gel pen to quickly record on it. As she wrote, she muttered to herself, "The goods will arrive in three days. It'll take at least 50 to 60 hours to deliver the goods to a store of more than 160 square meters. Based on ten hours of work, we'll need five employees."

"If we have a sales assistant for every 15 square meters, we'll need about 10 sales assistants to be able to keep up …"

After muttering for a while, his little aunt raised her head and asked Li Mu, "Little Mu, when do you want to set the opening date?"

"The 18th." Li Mu said, "August 18th, 818. It'll be smoother."

His little aunt nodded and let out a sigh of relief at the same time. "Then there's still time. I have to hurry up and recruit. I'll need to spend at least three days to bring people to deliver the goods and organize basic training."

Li Mu was extremely satisfied with his little aunt's dedication. He said with a smile, "Aunt, whether our store's monthly turnover can exceed 300,000 yuan depends on you!"

His little aunt smiled confidently and said, "When we were at the head office, we looked at the operating data of many stores in other places. With the scale of our Haizhou, I think it'll be easy for us to earn 10,000 yuan a day. You've also made such an eye-catching advertisement. Once we open for business, business will definitely be booming. I'm afraid we won't even have enough fitting rooms."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We have a total of five fitting rooms. If even this isn't enough, then we'll really be rich."

Li Ma teased him from the side, "You're the most miserly."

Li Mu said innocently, "Mom, this store is opened for you and Dad. In the future, however much money it earns will belong to you. How can you say that I'm a miserly person?"

Papa Lee interrupted, "No matter how much money we earn, isn't it all earned by you?"

Li Mu said seriously, "The money earned by the store can be used by you. If this store is really profitable, you can use it for the next round of investment."

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't care too much about the next round of investment that Li Mu mentioned. Compared to earning money, Papa Lee was more worried about Li Mu's acceptance letter. He couldn't help but ask, "Hasn't the acceptance letter arrived yet?"

"Not yet. They're still using registered letters now. It's not that fast from Yanjing to here. I think it'll take another two days."

"What if I don't get in?"

"Don't worry, Dad. It's impossible. I'll definitely get in."

…

On the second morning after Li Mu vowed that he would definitely get into Renmin University, the postman delivered a registered letter.

When the registered letter arrived, Li Mu was still sleeping. When Papa Lee signed for it, he saw the words "Renmin University" written on the envelope, and it was quite thick. He knew that this must be his son's acceptance letter.

When the letter arrived, Papa Lee didn't open it immediately. Instead, he suppressed the excitement and expectation in his heart and woke up Li Mu from the bed with his wife.

"Open it, quickly!"

Li Ma looked at Li Mu, who was sleepy in his pajamas. She couldn't wait any longer.

Li Mu rubbed his eyes to adapt to the bright light. When he saw the expectation on his parents' faces, he didn't dare to delay.

With a tearing sound, the envelope was smoothly torn open.

"Aiya, be a little more gentle!"

Li Ma couldn't help but say nervously, "Tear it slowly from the back. Don't tear it. Your father and I are going to keep this envelope!"

"It's just an envelope!"

"I told you to be gentle, so be gentle!"

"All right …"

Li Mu carefully tore open 80% of the envelope, but Li Ma wouldn't let him. Li Mu then took out a card made of hard material, which looked like a greeting card or an invitation. On the front was written "Hua Xia's acceptance letter from Renmin University", with a picture of Renmin University's gate and emblem.

Slowly opening it, the five big words on the front made his parents cry with joy.

Acceptance letter.

Li Mu: Congratulations on being admitted to the School of Finance. Please come to school with this letter on September 3, 2001.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were overjoyed when they saw the words "acceptance letter". Li Mu smacked his lips and read the letter, muttering to himself, "Sure enough, I didn't get into the School of Finance."

Li Mu knew that the School of Finance was the ace of Renmin University. With his score of 636, it was basically impossible for him to get into the School of Finance. But it didn't matter. For him, there were many reasons to take the National People's Congress. On the one hand, he wanted to be proud of his parents. On the other hand, he wanted to go to Yan Jing to prepare for his future. On the other hand, he also needed a good diploma. On the other hand, he could be a classmate of Su Yingxue. With such a beauty accompanying him, the four years in college would not be too boring.

In this case, was it important what he studied?

It was not important at all, and it didn't even matter.

At this moment, his parents didn't pay attention to what major Li Mu was studying. They had already picked up the phone to call their relatives.

Renmin University!

How amazing it was!

Papa Lee and Li Ma felt that today was the most exalted day in their 40 years of life. Was there anything more important than her son getting into a good university?

No!

If there was one, the birth of their son eighteen years ago was more important than this.

When his parents were calling, Li Mu's phone also rang.

It was Su Yingxue.

"Hello, Li Mu, have you received the acceptance letter?"

In this day and age, there was almost only one logistics company. If one person received the acceptance letter from Yan Jing, it meant that many local students who applied for other universities in Yan Jing might also receive the acceptance letter today, because their acceptance letters were all sent in a package.

Su Yingxue received the acceptance letter earlier than Li Mu. After her family finished celebrating, she immediately called Li Mu.

Li Mu answered with a smile, "Yes."

Su Yingxue's voice was full of joy, "Which major are you in?"

"Finance."

"Oh, that's the School of Finance. It's also very good!

Congratulations! "

"Yes, what about you?

Are you majoring in economics? "

"Yes."