Chapter 12

The children born in the 1980s were the first generation of young people to be affected by the family planning policy, especially the offspring of state-owned enterprise employees like Li Mu. In order to keep their jobs, their parents basically only wanted one child. Although the only child of this generation had long been called the little emperor of the family by the media, almost every only child born in the 1980s had always been eager to prove themselves in front of their families.

For the group of children in Li Mu's community, this kind of desire had basically started since they were ten years old.

When they were in elementary school, they would go to the nearby construction site to pick up some scrap iron or steal two big scaffolding clamps. They would exchange them for a few yuan at the recycling station. Each of the children would eat an ice cream and buy a pile of radishes and cabbages on the street with the rest of the money. They carried them home. On the way home, they were very proud, thinking that they could make contributions to their families at a young age, regardless of whether their families really needed them.

After they grew up, although they would not do such childish things anymore, their passion to prove themselves had never been extinguished.

Although Zhao Kang was much more rebellious than Li Mu, his mentality was not weaker than his.

As soon as he heard that it was possible to earn a year's tuition in the summer vacation, Zhao Kang suddenly became interested. He no longer had time to continue practicing his flicking sniping in the CS game and asked hesitantly, "Xiaomu, brother, I know you. You never brag about something you are not sure about. Tell me, how can you make so much money?"

"By cheating."

Li Mu said indifferently, "I'll do it. You don't need to worry about other things. For the time being, keep the secret for me. Later, I need you to do some work for the Internet Water Army."

"What does the Internet Water Army mean?"

"You don't need to know what it means. If you are willing to do it, I'll give you a share. You just need to wait for my orders. If you don't want to do it, as your brother, I won't blame you."

"F * ck, I'll definitely do it. Count me in. Just tell me what to do!"

In this day and age, earning a year's worth of tuition and miscellaneous fees in a summer vacation was inconceivable for the average office worker. Only those with a monthly salary of at least three thousand would dare to say such a thing, let alone Zhao Kang, a high school student. As soon as Li Mu said those words, his soul immediately left his body.

"Today, you should familiarize yourself with a game called Stone Age. I don't want you to familiarize yourself with how to play the game, but I want you to familiarize yourself with how to advertise the game. Also, you should search for forums and chat rooms related to the Stone Age on the Internet. Once my cheat is out, you can advertise it everywhere."

"Alright."

Although Zhao Kang didn't understand, this person had always had an extraordinary persistence in his bones. Once he decided on something, even ten cows couldn't pull him back.

So, Li Mu returned home and took out the remaining 400 RMB. He returned to the Internet café and paid Er Bin the money. After that, he started to research the cheat in his private room.

Li Mu's understanding of Zhao Kang was from before he was 18 years old. Also, both of them did not have any business dealings. It was just a matter of who buys who a meal and who spends money to buy a bottle of water. The cheat should be a six-figure business. Li Mu wasn't sure if Zhao Kang could still maintain his character after seeing such high profits.

But Feng Yu changed his mind. In his previous life, Zhao Kang had been to many places, but he still remembered to call Feng Yu every year on the first day of Lunar New Year. Because of this friendship, Feng Yu decided to trust him this time.

Feng Yu had a lot of things to do in the future, and he needs someone he can trust around him. For Li Mu, he hopes that Zhao Kang can be trusted and can be his right-hand man.

… …

Programming was boring, especially when it came to writing weak programs. It felt like a person who had been writing novels for more than ten years was writing a three-hundred-word essay for elementary school students. There was no sense of accomplishment.

Zhao Kang, who was beside Feng Yu, did not feel bored. On the contrary, he was very engrossed in his research.

He quickly familiarized himself with how to shout in the game, and under Li Mu's guidance, he registered accounts in a few different areas. At the same time, he went downstairs to get a pen and paper from Guan Erbin. He started to record some of the Stone Age forums and related chat rooms. He was preparing to register accounts and post comments. He was very serious.

Li Mu stopped him when he started to register for the BBS and chat room accounts. Then, he found a suitable overseas agent. After he registered the agent, he let Zhao Kang continue. After all, it was illegal to cheat, so it was better to be careful in some actions.

The two of them stayed in the Internet Cafe until the next morning. Li Mu's programming work was progressing very quickly. The planned plug-in was about 30% complete. It seems that at most 20 hours of work, the plug-in will be completed.

Li Mu was going to name his plug-in "Stone Age Overlord". The name was very vulgar, but for users in the early days of the Internet, this kind of simple and crude effect was what they wanted.

After a busy night, in order not to let their parents feel that they were too much, the two of them rushed back home before their parents went to work.

The last time Papa Lee and Li Ma saw Li Mu was before work yesterday. When she saw Li Mu again today, she almost did not recognize him.

Li Ma exclaimed, "Son, when did you get a haircut?

How did you shave your beard? Didn't mom tell you that you can't shave at your age? Otherwise, you'll have stubble on your face when you're in your twenties. How ugly! "

As she said this, she looked around Li Mu's new hairstyle and said to herself, "This haircut is okay. It looks very energetic, but this beard …"

Papa Lee took a look and waved his hand with a smile, "Hey, the child is grown up. Why do you care if he shaves or not?

When I was his age, I joined the workforce for half a year. At that time, my teacher said every day that a hairless mouth was not reliable. I shaved desperately for two years before I could barely get a little beard. "

Li Ma shook her head helplessly, "How can he compare to you? My son is much more handsome than you."

"Hey, you're talking as if your son is yours alone."

The husband and wife bickered for a while. Li Ma saw Li Mu's dark circles and knew that he played in the Internet Cafe all night. However, she did not blame him and said, "Son, there's breakfast in the kitchen. Eat it before you go to sleep. You have to go to school tomorrow morning to estimate your score. Tonight, no matter what, you can't play outside."

Li Mu nodded and said obediently, "Mom, don't worry. I'll go to bed early today."

"That's more like it." Mom smiled with satisfaction, "After estimating your score, call Mom's finance department and tell them!"

Papa Lee came over and said, "Don't forget to call our measurement team and tell me the good news too!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Dad, Mom, estimating my score is not accurate. Let's wait until we can check my score."

"It can't be completely accurate, but it must be quite credible!"

Mom smiled and patted Li Mu's shoulder, "Go eat, wash up and go to sleep. Look at your eyes. If you stay up too late, you'll become a panda!"

After Mom and Dad left, Li Mu ate a few mouthfuls of rice. He thought that if he went to sleep now, he would sleep until the afternoon. How could he sleep at night?

What's more, the Stoneware Overlord had only reached 30%. He was very eager.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to stay up for one more day. In the evening, he would come back before Mom and Dad got off work. He would go to bed early after eating. It would be perfect for him to go to school tomorrow.

Oh, tomorrow when he went to school, he would be able to see Su Yingxue, the girl of his dreams. Although she was the campus belle, she was still in the same class as him. He would definitely be able to see her at school tomorrow!