Chapter 456

At this time, five or six young men in their twenties or thirties arrived at the entrance of the restaurant. They pushed the door open and were about to rush in. The waitress hurriedly stopped them and asked, "Do you have a reservation?"

The man in the lead was Zhang Lan's husband's driver. After receiving Zhang Lan's call that she was beaten here, he immediately called a few men to come to the rescue. For him, it was a good opportunity for him to perform well. As for the background of this restaurant, he didn't know, nor did he care to know. So he arrogantly scolded the waitress, "Our lady boss was beaten upstairs. If you know what's good for you, get out of the way."

Seeing that these people were not friendly, the restaurant manager immediately stepped forward and warned them, "This is Fayue. Think carefully before you do anything."

"What's wrong with Fayue?

Damn it, I'll still go to Fayue and Fayue! "

To work for the boss, they needed to have the courage to ignore the consequences. Anyway, the boss would clean up after them in the end, so they weren't worried at all. Instead, they shouted even more arrogantly, "If you don't let us pass, I'll f * * king kill you too!"

The restaurant manager knew that there was a conflict upstairs. He had already called Li Tong in advance. Li Tong was on his way here. At this time, these people were obviously not friendly. No matter what, he couldn't let them in, in case the situation upstairs escalated. Seeing that the other side was not moved at all and was getting more and more arrogant, his face darkened. He took out his walkie-talkie and said, "Bar, send some people to the restaurant. Someone is making trouble at the entrance of the restaurant."

Next to the Fayue Restaurant was the Fayue Coffee and Bar. As soon as the walkie-talkie spoke, a dozen strong male waiters of about 1.8 meters immediately came out of the bar and surrounded the troublemakers at the door. Although they didn't make a move, their imposing manner was very strong. Immediately, the troublemakers who had been very arrogant just now were scared off.

Zhang Lan didn't see anyone coming upstairs for a long time. She couldn't help but take out her phone and call them. She questioned them, "Where are you?"

The driver who answered the phone was surrounded by more than a dozen people. He didn't even dare to breathe loudly. When he received the call from the lady boss, he could only say bitterly, "Boss Zhang, more than a dozen waiters are blocking our way …"

Hearing this, Zhang Lan scolded angrily, "Useless!"

After that, she hung up the phone and glared at Li Mu fiercely. "Just you wait, it's not over yet!"

At this time, Su Yingxue said to Li Mu, "Why don't we go? I've seen enough of this kind of person."

Seeing that Wang Xinran was also looking at him, it seemed that she didn't want to stay here any longer. Therefore, Li Mu took out the waiter's card and pencil from the small drawer beside the table and wrote his name and phone number on it. He walked to Zhang Lan and said, "How about this, within 24 hours, if you have the ability to find people, you can do it. You can come to the National People's Congress to find me at any time. My name is Li Mu. I've written my name and phone number on the card. Now, I'll give you an offer to solve the problem. Within 24 hours, you and the two dregs of the education system, change Wang Xinran's and your daughter's scores back to normal, and then go to the National People's Congress personally to apologize. If you can't do it within 24 hours, don't blame me for being merciless."

Zhang Lan was about to open her mouth to fight back, but Xu and Dan looked at each other and saw the panic in each other's eyes.

The National People's Congress and Li Mu. When these two keywords were put together, they immediately knew who Li Mu was.

Although the National Film Academy didn't have much to do with universities like 985 and 211, it was still part of the education system. As long as it was part of the education system, everyone knew Li Mu's name.

Fine beads of sweat appeared on Director Xu's forehead. He picked up a napkin and wiped his face. Then, he stood up guiltily. "Hello, Li Mu. I've heard a lot about you. Is there a misunderstanding?"

Director Dan stood up and smiled apologetically. "There must be a misunderstanding here. It's not like what Chen Yueyue said. She didn't know about the grading process of the National Film Academy's art examination. It's impossible for us to change the grades …"

At this moment, the two of them had a very simple thought. No matter what, they couldn't admit to changing the scores. Otherwise, once Li Mu used his influence to make a fuss about it, the two of them would be in deep trouble. Once they fell, they wouldn't be able to get up again.

Li Mu frowned and asked the two of them, "Still not admitting it?"

Director Xu and Director Dan looked at each other. Director Xu said with a wronged expression, "There really is a misunderstanding …"

Li Mu raised his voice and asked again, "Still not admitting it?"

Director Xu didn't dare to argue with Li Mu, so he could only lower his head and pretend not to hear him.

Li Mu thought to himself, "I've given him a way out, but he didn't take it. Since he didn't want to take it, then there's no way out."

Li Mu immediately called Dong Ai and said to her, "Senior Sister Ai, inform all the media related to 3321. I'm now personally reporting the Yanjing Film Academy's enrollment form teacher and director of the performing arts department for accepting bribes, changing the scores of the students without permission, opening the back door for those with connections, and taking away the places of the students who should have been enrolled and giving them to the students who shouldn't have been enrolled. Also, emphasize to them that I will bear all legal responsibility for my words and actions, and request the relevant departments to investigate and supervise!"

Dong Ai didn't know what happened to Li Mu, but when she heard this, she said without hesitation, "Okay, do you want me to inform the media now?"

To Dong Ai, since she took over 3321 for such a long time, she had dealt with many major media outlets. 3321 was a frequent visitor to the media's news section, and Dong Ai had also personally maintained a good relationship with the media. A few days ago, she had even specially set up a YY group with over three hundred reporters. Many of 3321's new actions were directly sent to the reporters in the group. It was really too easy for her to help Li Mu pass on this news. The YY group and phone call could be done very quickly.

Li Mu said confidently, "That's right, I'll inform them now."

Dong Ai asked, "Do you have the names of those two directors?"

Li Mu looked at Director Xu and Director Dan and said, "I don't know their names for now, but tell the media that I can cooperate with the public security, procuratorate, and people's court to identify and correct them at any time."

After Li Mu made the call, Director Xu was so scared that his legs turned to jelly. He didn't expect Li Mu to play so ruthlessly. 3321 was such a huge educational institution. Not only was it a flawless steel beast in the field of education, it was also a source of negative news in the eyes of the media. From CCTV, to various county and city television stations, as well as local newspapers and magazines, which one of them didn't report on 3321?

Which one of them didn't report on 3321 from a completely positive point of view, praising 3321 to the skies?

Now, Li Mu was going to use 3321's media channels to mess with him. If this news was really released through 3321's media channels, he would be completely finished. During this year's admission season, he and Director Dan had each earned more than a million yuan. This was considered a huge amount in the criminal law. If they were convicted, they would be sentenced to at least ten years in prison. If Li Mu really mobilized so many media channels to mess with him, under the pressure of the media and the public, the court would definitely give him a heavy sentence. This was already common knowledge in the country!

Moreover, his and Director Dan's method of making money was too simple. How could it withstand the investigation of the judicial department?

They would definitely be able to find him, and he wouldn't be able to escape …

Director Xu was so scared that his face turned pale. He hurriedly gave in to Li Mu and said, "Li Mu, there must be a misunderstanding here. Maybe there was a problem with our internal statistics. I beg you, don't be rash. Don't rush to a conclusion. We will go back to the school now and investigate it thoroughly. If there really is a mistake, we will definitely correct it in time!

Please make another call and tell the other party not to inform the media. It's not worth it for such a small matter … "

After saying that, he hurriedly turned his face and winked at Director Dan, saying, "Director Dan, I think the two of us should hurry back to the school now and investigate this thoroughly …"

Director Dan was so scared by Li Mu's action that his whole body went soft and his scalp went numb. He nodded repeatedly and said, "Yes, yes, yes. We will go back and investigate now. We will definitely get to the bottom of this."

Li Mu looked at the two panicking people and said coldly, "There's no need. I have already made the call, and I will definitely not take it back. Don't forget, I gave you a chance just now."

After saying that, he looked at the stunned Zhang Lan and said, "Aren't you very capable? I'll wait and see how you are going to send your daughter to the film academy now. Also, if you still want to continue playing, keep the phone I gave you."

Then, Li Mu said to Chen Yueyue, "And you, you just said that as long as you are here, Wang Xinran can forget about entering the film academy. Okay, since that's the case, then don't even think about entering!"

Without waiting for the mother and daughter to react, Director Dan, who was a woman, was the first to break down. She knelt on the ground with a thud and sobbed as she begged Li Mu, "Li Mu, I beg you, don't make a big deal out of this. I admit that we changed Student Wang's score. We will immediately change it back tonight and will definitely not affect Student Wang's recruitment. Also, we will definitely change Chen Yueyue's score back to its original score. We will definitely not let a scumbag like her enter the film academy. I beg you, great National People's Congress, please make a phone call and take back what you said earlier. Don't lower yourself to our level."

Director Dan broke down. Director Xu didn't resist for long either. He was startled by Director Dan's actions and also knelt on the ground with a thud, begging repeatedly, "Director Dan is right. We will definitely do our best to make up for this matter. We will definitely not let Student Wang's interests be harmed in any way. We will definitely not let a scumbag like Chen Yueyue have a chance to enter the film academy. I beg you, please be merciful and give us a chance to correct our mistakes …"

Zhang Lan was dumbfounded. She had even forgotten about her anger. She just couldn't understand how this kid named Li Mu was capable of scaring these two directors to the point of peeing their pants with just a phone call. They even immediately fell out with her and even called her daughter a scumbag?

Could it be that these two guys were really afraid that Li Mu would report them with his real name?

Who was afraid of being threatened to report them with their real names these days?

Who were they trying to scare?

Zhang Lan didn't know about Li Mu's background. However, Director Xu and Director Dan, who knew about Li Mu's background, were scared out of their wits. At this moment, they wouldn't care about the background of Zhang Lan and her husband or how capable they were. If they fell out with her, they would just return her the money. However, to Xu and Dan, Li Mu was a threat!