Chapter 796

At a certain turning point, people's thoughts would change dramatically in an instant, and Su Weimin was no exception.

When his heart was ignited with a strong desire for an official career and the future, his attitude toward Li Mu had also changed dramatically.

He began to realize that if he wanted to go further in his official career, Li Mu would be his biggest support in the future. He was in his forties and belonged to the young generation in his official career. His ability was not inferior to anyone. If he seized the excellent opportunity of Li Mu and made a dash for it, his future could be said to be huge!

Ding Sicheng also had his own informants in the municipal bureau. He soon received a message from his confidant in the municipal bureau. When he heard that Li Mu had immediately gone to pick up Su Weimin's daughter after leaving the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee, Ding Sicheng felt a headache coming on. Oh my god, he had never expected that Su Weimin would have a beautiful girl at home, let alone that Su Weimin had a relationship with Li Mu!

Ding Sicheng hurriedly asked his confidant in the municipal bureau, "How old is Su Weimin's daughter?

Where does she go to school? "

The other party replied, "She's just 20 this year. She's studying at the National People's Congress."

Ding Sicheng slapped his thigh. She's in the same school as Li Mu!

There's no escape this time!

No wonder!

No wonder Li Mu, a national billionaire, would give face to Su Weimin so much. It turned out that Su Weimin was his future father-in-law!

This time, Su Weimin was really amazing …

Thinking of this, Ding Sicheng thought to himself, "Li Mu and Su Weimin's daughter are just in a relationship. They haven't reached the stage of marriage yet. Isn't it a little too early to talk about future father-in-law now?"

Then, Ding Sicheng sighed in his heart, "Just being in a relationship is also amazing!

Just for the sake of his girlfriend's father, Su Weimin had donated 100 police cars in five years, which was worth 10 to 20 million yuan in cash. For Su Weimin, this was also a great political achievement for him as the head of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau.

At this moment, Ding Sicheng had a whole new level of respect for Su Weimin in his heart. Unknowingly, he had begun to think about how to rope Su Weimin in. Naturally, he did not expect to develop Su Weimin as his confidant. He only hoped that he could be tied to Su Weimin. Although my rank is higher than yours now, your daughter has worked hard and found such an awesome boyfriend. Brother, your future prospects are much greater than mine. Let's get on good terms first. In the future, I hope that you won't forget me when you become rich!

In the officialdom, the news spread very fast. When Su Weimin got in Ding Sicheng's car and the two went to the ecological park like old friends, the news that Su Weimin's daughter was in love with Li Mu had already spread to the core of the officialdom in Haizhou.

Then, the news began to spread quickly to the provincial party committee. Su Weimin's name became the most mentioned keyword in the Nansu officialdom that night.

Fang Min, who was at home alone, was preparing to cook. It seemed that her daughter would not be eating at home, and Li Mu had also left the municipal party committee. Her husband, Su Weimin, should be back soon, so she called Su Weimin and asked him, "When will you be home?

I'm going to cook. "

Su Weimin said, "I was just about to call you. I won't be back for dinner tonight."

"Why?" Fang Min asked in surprise, "Do you still have work at night?"

"No," Su Weimin said, "Secretary Ding said he would treat me to dinner tonight."

"Secretary Ding invited you to dinner?

Are the leaders of the municipal party committee going to attend? "

Su Weimin said, "On a personal level, just the two of us."

"Why would Secretary Ding invite you to dinner in private?"

Hearing this, Fang Min was quite surprised. Ding Sicheng was the top leader of the municipal party committee. Even if he invited his subordinates to dinner, it was basically for official purposes. It was unlikely that he would take the initiative to invite his subordinates to dinner in private. Moreover, the gap between him and Su Weimin was too big, which was not normal.

Su Weimin hesitated for a moment and said, "Li Mu did me a favor in front of Secretary Ding today. The reason why Secretary Ding invited me to dinner might be that he thinks I have a special relationship with him."

Fang Min's eyes lit up and she hurriedly asked, "What did Li Mu do you?"

Su Weimin briefly told her what had happened today on the phone. Fang Min's heart beat faster on the other end of the phone. After listening, she did not speak for a long time. Su Weimin tentatively asked, "Honey?"

Fang Min came back to her senses and hurriedly suppressed her excitement. She said, "Accompany Secretary Ding to dinner first. We'll talk about the details when you come back!"

…

Li Mu and Su Yingxue finally had a chance to be alone. In a private room in the ecological park, Li Mu closed the door and hugged Su Yingxue for a long time. Su Yingxue did not know when her underwear hook was untied by Li Mu. It was not until the high ground was seized that she realized that Li Mu had already broken through the defense line.

After a long time, Su Yingxue seemed to have been drained of all her strength. She nestled in Li Mu's arms and let his big hands do whatever they wanted.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Are you leaving tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll go back to Yan Jing tomorrow. There are still a lot of things to do the day after tomorrow."

Su Yingxue said, "There are a lot of things that you don't have to do by yourself now, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's true. But even if I leave the trivial things to others, as long as the company is still developing, I still can't relax when it comes to the big things."

After a pause, Li Mu explained in detail, "Last week, the leader came to Taobao to inspect the work. I put forward some requirements. I think there will be feedback on Monday. Once the feedback comes, I have to act immediately. In addition, next Monday, there will be a key talent joining Makino Technology. I'm going to launch a new product and let him be in charge of it."

Thinking of Chen Tong, Li Mu couldn't help but want to laugh in his heart. This extremely stubborn person had now been dragged to Makino Technology by himself. His personality was not suitable for a senior management position, but as the person in charge of a business department, his ability to manage a product was still very impressive, especially in the control and operation of refined content. This person's strength was extraordinary. Now that he had found a suitable talent for his YY website, it was the most suitable to let him run the blog. If he wanted to do Weibo in the future, he would also be the best candidate.

When Su Yingxue heard this, she nodded helplessly. She didn't ask too much and just sighed, "The things you're doing are too big. I can't help you share them. You have to adjust yourself. Don't overwork yourself."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry. I know how to strike a balance between work and rest."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "It's good that you know."

At the same time, in another private room a few seats away from the two of them, Ding Sicheng and Su Weimin were sitting opposite each other. Ding Sicheng very politely invited Su Weimin to order the dishes. Su Weimin was polite and wanted to push the menu back, but Ding Sicheng insisted and said, "Old Su, why are you still so polite with me? Today, I'll be the host. You can order whatever you want."

Su Weimin hurriedly said, "Secretary Ding, I'm a rough person. You can order the dishes. I'll follow the host's wishes."

Ding Sicheng shook his head helplessly and said with a smile, "Okay, I'll order the dishes. But let me say this first. Today, we're having a private dinner together. It has nothing to do with work, so you have to drink with me."

Su Weimin said straightforwardly, "Okay, Secretary Ding. I'll drink with you later."

Ding Sicheng nodded with satisfaction and made the decision himself. He ordered six dishes and two bottles of Wuliangye. He said to Su Weimin, "Old Su, I've long heard about your alcohol tolerance. It's said that no one in the municipal bureau can beat you. My alcohol tolerance is definitely not as good as yours. Tonight, we won't drink too much. One catty per person is not a problem, right?"

They had been in the wine business for many years, so one catty of white wine was really not a big deal. Su Weimin naturally agreed without hesitation.

The dishes were soon served. Ding Sicheng didn't leave the waiter in the private room. He took the wine bottle with one hand and the wine divider in front of Su Weimin with the other. He was about to pour the wine for Su Weimin. When Su Weimin saw this, he hurriedly reached out to take the wine bottle from Ding Sicheng's hand and said, "Secretary Ding, how can I let you pour the wine? Let me do it."

Ding Sicheng pushed Su Weimin's hand away and said with a smile while pouring the wine, "We're eating in private. You don't have to care so much about the formality. Isn't it the same no matter who pours the wine?

It's just the two of us, and no one can cheat on the two catties of wine. "

Su Weimin was used to pouring wine for the leader first when eating with him. Even if the leader poured wine for him, he had to hold the wine glass with both hands to show respect. How could he just watch the leader pour wine for him? This small detail seemed to be nothing, but it was definitely a very important etiquette in the officialdom.

However, Ding Sicheng just so happened to give Su Weimin this feeling of being overwhelmed by the unexpected favor. It was for no other reason than to let Su Weimin understand that he didn't just treat Su Weimin as one of his own, he even treated Su Weimin as one of his own.

Su Weimin could only watch as Ding Sicheng filled their wine dispensers to the brim. Then, both of them filled their wine glasses. Ding Sicheng held his glass and said solemnly, "Old Su, you've been the director of the Municipal Bureau for so long, but this is the first time we've had a private meal together. I won't say anything else. We're all working together in Haizhou. Whether it's public or private, we must communicate more, communicate more, and interact more in the future!"

Ding Sicheng's olive branch was too direct and not subtle enough. It could be said that it was fundamentally contrary to the art of speech in the officialdom. However, Ding Sicheng knew that he had neglected Su Weimin before. Su Weimin must have been aware of his desire to drive him away from the position of the top leader of the Municipal Public Security Bureau. Today, Su Weimin suddenly had a big background like Li Mu, so how could he calm down and think about the art of speech?

At this time, Ding Sicheng knew that it was too late to offer an olive branch. He simply gritted his teeth, stamped his feet, and directly threw an olive branch to show his sincerity. In short, he could not hide it anymore.