Chapter 1506

Li Mu announced that he would build Makino Technology into the first truly open platform in the industry. This was a huge piece of good news for most of the people in charge of small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurs present. The media was also infected by Li Mu's initiative to break the closed loop of ecology and take the initiative to open his arms to the whole industry. In the eyes of these people, Li Mu was the real leader of the global Internet industry, whether in terms of the size of the enterprise, personal wealth, industry influence, or in terms of the mind and responsibility for the entire industry.

When they stood up and applauded Li Mu, the people in charge of large enterprises with a higher level of vision finally understood why Li Mu wanted to make this signing ceremony so grand.

Li Mu did not want to show off his extremely successful "extortion" to the world, but to take advantage of this opportunity that the global Internet industry was paying attention to, to send a signal to the whole industry: I want to be the father of the whole industry. From then on, those who obey me will prosper, and those who oppose me will die.

Such a strategy made many people in charge of large enterprises worried. The young man on the stage with a smile on his face and calmly accepted the thunderous applause from the audience made them shudder.

On the stage, Li Mu gestured with his hands. After suppressing the applause from the audience, he continued,

"I think that the real industrial upgrading in the Internet era is that responsible and responsible big companies continue to open their products, their users, and their entire ecosystem to accept more small and medium-sized companies, and even accept big companies of the same level, so that the Internet can be transformed from countless unrelated individuals into a melting pot that integrates and produces chemical reactions with each other. Only in this way can we create more new elements in the Internet!"

Speaking of this, Li Mu paused and said, "I believe that the era of Internet warlords and warlords fighting is over. The war and confrontation between companies is no longer the inevitable way for Internet companies to survive. Stop the war, stop the internal friction, and put all the energy into their own development. This is the best way for most Internet companies to cooperate.

Just like the cooperation between Makino Technology, Baidu, and Google. In the confrontation stage, the three companies are doing subtraction to different degrees. But in the cooperation stage, the three companies can not only stop losses in time, but also work together to achieve new growth and breakthroughs. Regarding this, you can understand the change in the capital market's valuation of Google after the announcement of the cooperation. I am not talking about an increase of 50% or 100%, but an increase of more than 300%. This is the chemical reaction I just talked about. "

The change in Google's valuation was witnessed by the entire industry. From the global pessimistic view of Google to the global optimistic view, Google had undergone a complete transformation. If Google had chosen to continue fighting, they might not even be able to keep their 3 billion USD market value.

The intuitive example made the entrepreneurs in the audience realize that the cooperation Li Mu mentioned could play a decisive role in the development of the company. They could also imagine how attractive Makino Technology would be when it truly became an open company.

At that time, perhaps the entire industry would be looking for opportunities to deeply co-rent with Makino Technology. Makino Technology would also further establish its position as the godfather of the industry.

After another thunderous applause, Li Mu raised his voice a little. He raised his right hand in front of his chest and said passionately, "I believe that the Internet 2.0 era is coming. In this new era, we need to make some new changes and make some new breakthroughs!

If you still have any doubts about this 2.0 era, it doesn't matter. Makino Technology and all the companies that have deep cooperation with Makino Technology are willing to take the lead and use practical actions to clear away the clouds and doubts for you. There is still a long way to go. We are waiting for you! "

When Li Mu bowed to the audience, the audience stood up again. Applause, praise, and cheers filled the entire venue. The media pointed their cameras at Li Mu in the center of the stage and every fanatic in the audience. At this time, Li Mu had become the real godfather of the Internet industry in the eyes of most people.

The media reporters quickly transmitted Li Mu's remarks on "open platform" and "Internet 2.0 era" from the front end to the headquarters. Then, the global media began to release newsletters. There were only two main ideas in these newsletters:

1. Li Mu will build Makino Technology into the first open platform in the Internet industry;

2. Li Mu will lead Makino Technology into the Internet 2.0 era!

…

After Li Mu walked off the stage, the host announced the official start of the signing ceremony. In the intense excitement of the audience, Larry Page, Robin, and Li Mu returned to the stage and sat in front of their respective tables.

The hostess brought three formal agreements. After the three signed the three agreements, Li Mu, who was sitting in the middle, reached out his hand and shook hands with Robin on one side, then with Larry Page on the other side. Larry Page also stepped forward to shake hands with Robin. The host officially announced: Google has officially completed the acquisition of Muye & Baidu, and Muye & Baidu has officially become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Google.

Then, it was time for the Q&A session that everyone was looking forward to.

The staff quickly removed the tables and chairs from the stage and replaced them with four single sofas. Li Mu, Robin, and Larry Page sat facing the audience, while the host sat at a 90-degree angle with the three of them and the audience.

After the three of them were seated, the host said, "I believe that many of the guests here have a lot of questions to ask our three protagonists on the stage, especially Mr. Li Mu. I was in the audience when you were giving your speech just now, and I noticed that thousands of our friends and guests are most interested in your remarks on open platform and the Internet 2.0 era. I believe that everyone must have a lot of questions to ask you."

Li Mu nodded politely.

At this time, the host said, "In today's Q&A session, each guest will answer three questions. We will follow the order of the speeches before the ceremony began. Mr. Larry Page will first choose the questioner and answer the questions, followed by Mr. Robin and Mr. Li Mu. So, if you want to ask Mr. Page a question, please raise your hand."

Many media reporters and entrepreneurs in the audience raised their hands. Larry Page chose a female reporter from an American media to ask the first question.

After the female reporter got the microphone, she immediately stood up and asked, "Mr. Page, I would like to ask you, when Google chose to cooperate with Makino Technology, and Makino Technology announced that it would give up its own development opportunities in the search engine field in the next five years, does that mean that Google will also give up all the overlapping businesses with Makino Technology?"

Larry Page smiled and said, "Google's goal is very clear, which is to take root in the search engine field and make this business bigger and stronger. Even if we don't cooperate with Makino Technology, we have never thought of trying the existing businesses of Makino Technology. So, my answer is: Google has never thought of doing those businesses, so naturally, we will not give up."

The female reporter nodded and said, "Thank you, Mr. Page."

Then, Larry Page chose a reporter from Hua Xia Media. The reporter stood up and asked politely, "Mr. Page, I would like to ask, how big do you think the market space and prospects of the search engine will be in the future?"

Larry Page thought for a moment and said, "Personally, I am very optimistic about the search engine market. I think the market space of the search engine in the future will be at least 30% of the entire Internet industry, because every netizen can't do without search engines. In the future, most of the traffic will first flow into search engines, and then the search engines will be distributed to various websites. Search engines will become the 'Atlanta Airport' of the Internet industry in the future. As we all know, Atlanta Airport is the airport with the largest capacity of tourists in the world. No matter where the destination of the tourists is, a large number of them will pass through Atlanta Airport."

The reporter who asked the question thanked the host with satisfaction. At this time, the host took the opportunity to remind the audience, "There is still one last chance to ask Mr. Page a question. Everyone, please raise your hands."

As soon as the host finished speaking, more people raised their hands, indicating that they wanted to ask questions.

This time, Larry Page did not choose from the reporters. Instead, he chose a live guest. The guest was young, dressed plainly, and wore a pair of nearsighted glasses. He looked like an Internet entrepreneur.

The guest who was chosen was a white man. After he stood up, he first introduced himself to Larry Page and said, "Hello, Mr. Page. I am the CEO of Silicon Valley's Saint Loy Company. The question I would like to ask is this: Google has sacrificed its own interests to reach a cooperation with Makino Technology, and has also obtained a five-year security guarantee. But what if after five years, Makino Technology decides to make its own search engine?"

Larry Page looked at Li Mu, then looked at the questioner, and said jokingly, "To be honest, I haven't thought about this question. I think that during the five years of cooperation between Makino Technology and Google, Google will definitely help Google grow into the strongest company in the search engine field. At that time, Google's market value will also give a huge return to Makino Technology. In this case, why would Makino Technology bother to make its own search engine?"

After that, Larry Page looked at Li Mu with a smile on his face, but in his heart, he was a little unsure. He asked, "Li Zong, what do you think?"

Li Mu smiled, picked up the microphone, and said calmly, "In fact, the mentality of this gentleman's question is still the typical mentality of entrepreneurs in the Internet 1.0 era. The typical mentality of entrepreneurs in this era is' everyone is an opponent, and they don't trust anyone. 'Just like Germany and the Soviet Union during World War II. Even if they signed a non-aggression pact, everyone was secretly sharpening their knives. But as I said just now, if the Internet 1.0 era was a world war, then the 2.0 era should be post-war reconstruction."

After a pause, Li Mu said again, "The key to post-war reconstruction is to divert most of the manpower, material resources, and energy used to fight against others and use them on our own development. If we still cling to the mentality and strategy of wartime, we will inevitably be gradually eliminated by this society. Fortunately, Makino Technology and Google have gotten rid of this mentality and entered the Internet 2.0 era I just mentioned. In this new 2.0 era, the relationship between Makino Technology and Google is no longer the relationship between Germany and the Soviet Union, but the relationship between the United States and Canada."

After saying this, Li Mu looked at the questioner playfully and said with a smile, "Since you are an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, you should probably be an American, right?"

The other party nodded slightly and said, "Yes, I am an American."

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Then let me ask you a question."

The other party hurriedly said, "Li Zong, please ask."