Chapter 952

Song Zhilei had never experienced this kind of pain in his life. He felt that his entire leg, from the knee down, did not belong to him at all. He lay on the ground with his right foot lying on his side and turned 90 degrees.

When he looked at his knee, Song Zhilei could only see a big bloody hole. Even his bones were broken into pieces and mixed in the flesh. It was extremely terrifying.

Just as Song Zhilei was wailing, Xie Chenglong, who was squatting not far away, saw all this with his own eyes. His face was pale.

He could see how much pain Song Zhilei was in. While he was deeply sympathetic, he could only secretly rejoice in his heart. At least he did not resist or try to escape. Otherwise, if he was shot like this, he might have to amputate his leg. Even if he could keep his leg, he would probably become a cripple in the future.

Thinking of this, Xie Chenglong felt particularly sad for Song Zhilei. He had been in prison and knew how serious the law of the jungle was. If a cripple was put in prison, even a dog could bully him. That kind of pain was simply unimaginable.

Thinking of being arrested this time, he and Song Zhilei, as the main culprits, might be sentenced to life imprisonment, and Song Zhilei would drag a crippled leg to spend the rest of his life in prison. That kind of despair almost suffocated Xie Chenglong.

Song Zhilei was also in despair.

The special police beside him were armed with live ammunition. This time, it was already difficult for him to escape. It was still uncertain whether he could keep his leg, but what about his wife and children?

Even if he was ruthlessly cheated by Wei Lan and Li Mu, he still had close to 100 million yuan. Originally, if he went to Australia with his wife and children, the money would be enough for his family to live comfortably in Australia. However, he could not swallow this anger and deliberately wanted to take revenge on Wei Lan.

So now, tens of millions of family property had nothing to do with him. Li Mu was omnipotent in the country, and what awaited him in the future was a long and endless sentence in the country.

At the same time, he also knew that his wife would definitely not be a widow for him forever. So, the final situation in the future was that he would be serving his sentence in the country, his wife and children would remarry someone else, and the other person would enjoy his hard-earned money and mansion, sleeping with his wife and beating his children …

Thinking of this, Song Zhilei wailed in despair.

He swore to God that if he could do it again, he would never have any thoughts of revenge against Wei Lan again. He would obediently swallow this anger, tuck his tail between his legs, and go to Australia with his wife and children to start a new life.

However, there was never if in reality.

No matter which path one took, one had to be prepared to bear all possible consequences. Some paths could still be turned back if one took the wrong path, while some could no longer be turned back.

At this time, the east room that had been used to detain Wei Lan was pushed open by two special police. Wei Lan walked out under the escort of the other two special police officers.

At this time, the east room that had been used to detain Wei Lan was pushed open by two SWAT officers. Then, Wei Lan walked out of the east room under the escort of the other two SWAT officers.

All the lights in the courtyard were turned on. The moment Wei Lan stepped out, she saw Song Zhilei half lying on the ground crying. It had been 24 hours since she was kidnapped, and this was the first time she saw Song Zhilei.

Song Zhilei also saw Wei Lan. He stopped crying. He stared at Wei Lan with red eyes. Wei Lan also looked at him without fear.

Wei Lan could see the regret in Song Zhilei's eyes. He regretted his current situation, but he hated her.

In addition to regret and hatred, Song Zhilei was actually at a loss and puzzled. He still did not understand how the police could find this place so quickly.

Which part did he miscalculate?

Therefore, Song Zhilei almost went crazy and shouted hysterically, "Wei Lan!

What did you do to me! "

He guessed that the reason why the police could find this place so quickly must have something to do with Wei Lan!

Wei Lan looked at Song Zhilei coldly and said word by word, "Song Zhilei, thank you for letting me call Li Mu, because you are no match for him!"

Before this happened, Wei Lan still felt sorry for Song Zhilei. But now, she no longer felt sorry or guilty for Song Zhilei. All that was left was hatred.

Song Zhilei was stunned as if he had been struck by lightning. Li Mu?

Phone call?

Did she reveal some key information to Li Mu on the phone?

Song Zhilei turned to look at Xie Chenglong and asked, "What did you tell her to say to Li Mu?"

Xie Chenglong racked his brains, but he could not think of any opportunity for Wei Lan to reveal any valuable information to Li Mu. Just as he was about to speak, a police officer with a gun shouted at the two of them, "Shut up! Don't talk!"

Xie Chenglong could only lower his head tactfully, although he also had a million question marks in his heart.

At this time, the special police officer beside him said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, the car is here. Let's go."

Wei Lan nodded and adjusted her emotions. She looked at Song Zhilei's resentful and dejected face and said, "Song Zhilei, my father and my family have treated you well in the past ten years. You reap what you sow today. If you still don't understand, you can spend the rest of your life in prison to reflect on it."

After saying that, Wei Lan, accompanied by the special police officers, went out to the waiting ambulance at the entrance.

The nurse and doctor in the ambulance immediately asked about Wei Lan's physical condition. After learning that she hadn't eaten or drunk for 24 hours, the nurse took out the glucose water and some nutritious food that she had prepared. The doctor said, "Miss Wei, you should go back to the hospital with us for a further examination to see if there are any dehydration or electrolyte disorders."

Wei Lan shook her head and said, "Thank you, doctor. I'm fine. I'll feel much better after drinking some water. Can you send me back to the city first?"

After being rescued safely, Wei Lan only had one thought now, and that was to see Li Mu as soon as possible.

The doctor was still hesitating and trying to persuade Wei Lan. At this time, Gu Jianghe heard from the command car radio that Wei Lan had been rescued and boarded. Everyone, including him and Gu Jianghe, breathed a sigh of relief. Their emotions, which had been tense for 24 hours, completely relaxed at this moment.

The policemen, Song Liang, and Chen Ze couldn't help cheering and celebrating excitedly. Dufy was also unable to suppress her excitement, and tears streamed down her face.

Li Mu was also particularly excited. Rescuing Wei Lan gave him an experience of surviving a disaster. In his heart, he didn't feel that he had any improper thoughts about Wei Lan. He just felt that as a cooperative partner, he didn't let her down after all, and he didn't let her be hurt because of his original decision. He could finally have a clear conscience.

So Li Mu asked Gu Jianghe, "Chief Gu, can I talk to her?"

Gu Jianghe immediately said, "Of course."

After saying that, he immediately said to his subordinate, "This is Eagle. Who is next to the hostage? Give her the walkie-talkie. Someone wants to talk to her."

The special police officer in the ambulance immediately took off his walkie-talkie and headset and handed it to Wei Lan in the car. He said, "Miss Wei, someone wants to talk to you."

Wei Lan took the walkie-talkie with some surprise. After putting it to her ear, she tentatively said, "This is Wei Lan …"

At this moment, Li Mu held the handset and said excitedly, "Wei Lan, this is Li Mu. Are you okay?"

As soon as she heard Li Mu's voice, Wei Lan burst into tears again. She choked and said, "I'm fine. Where are you?

I want to see you! "

Hearing Li Mu's voice, Wei Lan's desire to see him as soon as possible grew even stronger. She was already a little impatient. She didn't expect that Li Mu would actually communicate with her through the police's walkie-talkie. Did he also come?

Li Mu blurted out, "I'm nearby. It's not just me. Brother Liang, Old Chen, and Dufy are all here."

Wei Lan hurriedly asked him, "Can I come over to meet you?"

Li Mu asked, "How are you feeling?

Do you need to go to the hospital for a checkup first? "

Wei Lan couldn't wait to say, "I'm fine. Everything is fine. I don't need to go to the hospital. I just want to see you guys as soon as possible!"

Li Mu then said to Gu Jianghe, "Director Gu, please call the ambulance and ask them to send Weilan here."

Gu Jianghe asked the doctor in the car. After confirming that Wei Lan's body was fine, he ordered the ambulance to take her to the place where the command car was stationed to meet Li Mu and the others.

After Gu Jianghe gave the order, Li Mu couldn't help but stand up. Deep in his heart, he couldn't wait. At this moment, he only roughly felt that he was a little anxious. He asked Song Liang, "Brother Liang, have you packed the cigarettes?"

Song Liang nodded, took out a cigarette and lighter, and handed them to Li Mu. Li Mu said, "I'm going down for a smoke."

Song Liang simply stood up. "I'll go with you."

Because Wei Lan would probably arrive in a few minutes, Chen Ze and Dufy simply got out of the car and waited outside.

It was late at night at the end of September, and the suburbs of Yan Jing were already a little cold. Li Mu stood outside the command car and lit a cigarette. The thick smoke entered his lungs in a second and instantly went up to his head.

Li Mu hadn't smoked for a long time. After taking a puff, he felt a little dizzy. Song Liang, who was sitting opposite him, also lit a cigarette and took a puff. He said to the three of them, "What happened to Wei Lan is also a signal to all of us. We have to pay attention to our personal safety in the future. We can't let this kind of thing happen again."

Li Mu took another puff of his cigarette, and his mind was a little muddled. He said to himself, "Damn, without the Skynet system, there's simply no f * cking sense of security in the city!"

Song Liang asked him in surprise, "Skynet system?

What's that? "

Li Mu said, "I think that in order to enhance the city's security, reduce the urban crime rate, and increase the urban crime solving rate, it is extremely necessary to develop a complete set of hardware solutions. We can use different cameras to cover all the public areas of the city within the monitoring range."

As he spoke, Li Mu gritted his teeth and made up his mind. "After I go back, I have to ask Makino Technology to buy a surveillance equipment production company with technical strength. Then, I will ask the technical team to develop an optimal set of software supporting solutions to completely solve this problem!"

Gu Jianghe, who had just gotten out of the car for a breath of fresh air, heard this and was particularly interested. He immediately said to Li Mu, "If this system can really be developed, the municipal bureau will definitely apply to the municipal government to buy one for Yan Jing City first!"

Speaking of this, Gu Jianghe couldn't help but sigh. "Damn, if there were enough surveillance cameras in this case, we wouldn't have been so passive in the beginning. Fortunately, we have you, Li Mu. Otherwise, I really don't know when we would have been able to catch these daring bastards!"

Li Mu asked Gu Jianghe, "Director Gu, if we develop a similar system, based on your senior experience in the police system, can this system be popularized throughout the country within the next three years?"

Gu Jianghe said, "If it's really as you said, covering the public areas of the entire urban area within the monitoring range, and with the support of an efficient and stable system, I think all the third-tier and above cities in the country will purchase it. This has a great effect on improving the city's security."

"Okay!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'm going to ask the technicians of Makino Technology to develop a set of effective software and hardware monitoring solutions as soon as possible. This set of solutions will be called the Skynet system!"

Gu Jianghe praised from the bottom of his heart, "The net of heaven has long arms, but nothing escapes. It fits the core point, it's a good name!"

"Thank you for your praise, Director Gu."

Li Mu smiled politely. He had never done a government procurement business before. It seemed that the Skynet system would be his first government procurement project. For the safety of ordinary people's lives and property, it was completely acceptable for Li Mu to spend tens of millions or even more to develop the Skynet system.

At this time, Gu Jianghe realized that Li Mu really wanted to do this, so he said seriously, "Li Mu, if you really want to do this, you can come up with a plan first. I will submit it to the municipal government for you and try my best to persuade them to adopt it. In this way, the municipal government can directly allocate funds to you to do this important thing."

Then, Gu Jianghe said further, "If the municipal government is not interested, I will help you submit the plan to the Ministry of Public Security. I believe the Ministry of Public Security will definitely be interested!"

Li Mu said sincerely, "Director Gu, thank you so much. I will definitely prepare the plan, but I don't need to trouble the government or the Ministry of Public Security to allocate funds. We will fund the research and development ourselves. When the time comes, we will come up with a complete set of products and solutions. If the government or the Ministry of Public Security is satisfied, I will be satisfied as soon as possible."

Gu Jianghe couldn't help but look at Li Mu in a different light.

In fact, today alone, he had looked at Li Mu in a different light more than once or twice. However, this time, he was shocked and convinced by Li Mu's strong sense of social responsibility. One of his business partners was kidnapped, and Li Mu thought not only of increasing the safety of the people around him, but also of developing a complete set of solutions to increase the safety of the cities nationwide once and for all. Just this kind of thinking alone was unparalleled among the entrepreneurs in the country.

At this time, two headlights were projected at the intersection not far away. The warning lights on the roof kept flashing, but there was no sound. Seeing the ambulance approaching, Li Mu subconsciously threw the cigarette butt on the ground and crushed it with the sole of his shoe. He stood there and waited.

He knew that Wei Lan was coming.

…