Chapter 1728

Because of Chen Wan, Li Mu got off work early in the afternoon and drove a business car to the hotel where Chen Wan was staying.

Fortunately, paparazzi were not popular these days, and with Wang Yuanlang and the other two protecting her, they could basically avoid trouble from the paparazzi.

After Chen Wan knew that Li Mu had arrived at the hotel, she immediately put on a thick hat and mask and walked out of her room to the lobby of the hotel.

Li Mu's business car was already waiting there. After Chen Wan got in, Wang Yuanlang immediately drove the car away from the hotel.

The business car's glass was one-way, so it was very private. After Chen Wan got in the car, she took off her hat and mask and said to Li Mu, "If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have listened to you. Why did I become a host? It makes me look like I'm a spy everywhere I go."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm a public figure. I receive so much attention, so I naturally don't have as much privacy as ordinary people."

Chen Wan grunted and said, "If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have become a public figure. Once I become a public figure, it won't be so easy to go back to the past."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you're tired or annoyed, just tell me. The position of general manager of Makino Image has always been empty for you. It's not bad to move from the front to the back."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I know you care about me, but let's wait a little longer. Gather more resources so that I can help Makino Image expand its business in the future."

Li Mu nodded. "It's up to you. Do whatever you want, but don't let yourself suffer because of me or your career."

"There's nothing to suffer." Chen Wan smiled and said, "Many people are envious of me."

As she said this, Chen Wan said to Li Mu with a serious face, "You don't know how powerful the entertainment industry is. I'm so young, but basically, other than the station leaders and the executives of other entertainment companies, most artists call me sister when they see me. Even those who are a few years older than me call me sister. I couldn't get used to it at first, but later I realized that the entertainment industry is like this. When people talk about seniority, it's not about seniority, age, or working time, but fame and resources. Whoever has more resources is the sister, the brother."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you can't get used to it, you should have less contact with them in the future. I feel that for you, you don't have to look for resources in the entertainment industry. The resources in the entertainment industry will naturally find you. When you come to Makino Image and become the controller and distributor of resources in the industry, you will be at a higher level than them. At that time, in their eyes, you won't be a brother or sister who needs to be respected, but a god who can't be reached and can only be looked up to."

In his previous life, Boss Ma was surrounded by all kinds of stars all day long. Countless flowers fought to chase after him, a withered leaf. Wasn't the reason because the boss had too many resources in his hands, making the stars in the entertainment industry have no choice but to look up to him?

In this life, Li Mu didn't want to be like Boss Ma, mingling with a bunch of actors all day long. In his opinion, he should be at a higher level than that. Therefore, in the future, he would arrange for Chen Wan to play the role that Boss Ma used to play. It would be enough for her to go to the entertainment industry.

In Li Mu's future plan, Makino Image wasn't just a film and television entertainment company. All the cinema chains under Makino Technology would also be placed under Makino Image. In the future, Wanying Real Estate would develop Wanying Plaza, and there would be countless Wanying cinemas. In these cinemas, Makino Image would also hold at least 49% of the shares.

This wasn't enough.

He would also put all the resources from Hollywood, the resources from the global online ticket industry, music records, and YY Itunes into Makino Image, piling it up into a giant in the entertainment industry. At that time, just Makino Image alone could become an enterprise worth hundreds of billions. At that time, it could become the aircraft carrier of the entire entertainment industry.

And all of this, Li Mu hoped that Chen Wan would be in control. He wanted her to truly stand at the top of the pyramid of the entire entertainment industry. The reason why he spared no effort to increase her resources and status was because she was his woman.

Wang Yuanlang drove all the way to the courtyard of Ziyun Villa. At this time, Li Ziwei's car was also parked in the courtyard. Chen Wan asked curiously, "Whose car is this?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's Ziwei's."

As they spoke, Li Ziwei happened to open the door and walked out of the villa. When she saw the two of them, she immediately smiled and said, "Li Zong, Miss Chen, I've already bought the ingredients and put them in the fridge. If there's anything else you need, contact me at any time."

Chen Wan somewhat shyly waved at her and said, "Thank you for your hard work, Ziwei."

"It's my duty." Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Then I won't disturb you guys."

As she spoke, Li Ziwei looked at Li Mu with a pleading gaze. Seeing Li Mu nod slightly, she took out the car key, opened the door, and sat in.

After watching Wang Yuanlang and Li Ziwei drive away, Li Mu gently held Chen Wan's waist and said, "Let's go in."

Chen Wan nodded and said with a somewhat red face, "It's quite awkward to see Ziwei in this kind of situation."

Li Mu said casually, "What's there to be embarrassed about?

It's not like she doesn't know about our matter. "

"Yes."

Chen Wan stuck out her tongue and said, "Isn't she auntie's goddaughter? Speaking of which, she can be considered your godsister. Do you think she will tell auntie about our matter?"

"Don't worry, she won't."

Li Mu said seriously, "Ziwei has a good sense of propriety. She's much more mature than the average girl of her age, and she has sufficient professional qualities. She knows what to say and what not to say."

"En."

Chen Wan nodded shyly and hurriedly changed the topic. She said, "You said you're going to America in the near future. Why are you suddenly interested in the automobile industry?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "When it comes to the Internet, the bigger it gets, the less interesting it will be, so I especially want to get involved in industry. Moreover, which man isn't interested in industry?

Especially cars. So I thought, while I'm still young and the timing is just right, I should hurry up and get started. I don't want to wait until a few years later when I don't have the heart to do it even if I want to. "

As the two of them talked, they had already entered the villa. Li Mu brought Chen Wan straight to the kitchen and took out the ingredients that Li Ziwei had bought. Chen Wan said as she helped, "I used to hear my cousin and the others talk about cars. When we talked, everyone was very interested. They all like cars and are very concerned about the automobile industry. I think they are very dissatisfied with the local automobile industry and standards. My cousin used to say that Hua Xia will not be able to produce an independent sports car in the next 20 years. Are you the same as them?"

Li Mu thought about it and said with a smile, "You can say that. Everyone is very patriotic and has a strong sense of national pride. Our country has been developing rapidly in recent years, but the independent automobile industry has always been criticized. In the past, we wanted to exchange technology for the market, but the technology we exchanged for couldn't help the domestic automobile companies grow better. The domestic automobile companies are either focused on doing joint ventures or are still fighting in the low-end market. This time, I want to seize the time to open up the middle and high-end market while the public's understanding of domestic cars has not solidified."

In 2004, the development of private cars had not really entered the rhythm.

By 2014, private cars would already be everywhere.

In Li Mu's view, the next ten years would be the golden years of Hua Xia's automobile industry.

Hua Xia's automobile industry referred to the entire Hua Xia's automobile manufacturing, sales, and the increase in the number of cars they had.

It was closely related to the people buying and using cars. However, the scope of this "Hua Xia's automobile" had little to do with manufacturing and more to do with sales.

Therefore, the next ten years, in his previous life, would also be the lost golden years of domestic cars.

In the past ten years, domestic brands did not achieve a real breakthrough. The brands that had the ability to lead domestic brands to a big breakthrough were busy with joint ventures with automobile companies in the United States, Japan, Germany, and other countries. Volkswagen, Honda, Benz, BMW, and General Motors made a lot of money in the country.

It was precisely because in the next ten years, the domestic automobile market would be dominated by joint ventures and imported cars. Therefore, the people would gradually be left with the solidified concept that domestic cars were not good, joint ventures were good, and imported cars were better.

After this solidified concept was formed, domestic cars came with a buff that was despised or looked down upon.

The same configuration, the same performance, if Volkswagen sold it for 150,000 yuan, domestic cars would generally sell it for more than 100,000 yuan.

If it was a little higher, people would ask: "I have this money, why not buy a Volkswagen?"

It was also this solidified concept that made people instinctively unwilling to consider domestic cars once they had a budget of more than 100,000 yuan.

In the eyes of many people, buying a domestic car for more than 100,000 yuan was a stupid operation. They would ask: "Why not buy a Japanese car?

Why not buy a German car?

Why not buy an American car? "

Or they would ask: "What's good about domestic cars?

Isn't it just that the configuration is a little higher?

The quality is not good, the three major parts are not good, the value preservation rate is not good, in short, everything is not good.

Once the people formed this habit of thinking, it would be too difficult for domestic cars to rise against this trend of contempt.

At least, before Li Mu's rebirth, he had never heard of a domestic brand that did not focus on price-performance.

If a brand had to rely on price-performance to survive, it meant that the brand itself did not have enough brand premium.

This was what Li Mu did not want to see again.

Therefore, he had to hurry up and rush to the beginning of the golden decade to let the domestic people see the rise of domestic brands.

The acquisition of the three sub-brands of Ford was only to gather technology, talent, and ready-made production lines. Li Mu's main idea was to use them to nurture a pure domestic brand.

Perhaps next year, or the year after that, the "Muye Aurora" produced by Hua Xia would be launched on the global market. There would also be "Muye E-class", "Muye S-class", "Muye LC-class", "Muye Rongfang", "Muye Atts", and even all the good-looking, best-selling cars in the next decade, no matter if they were new or modified models, would be his!

At that time, every car produced by Muye would have to have a good appearance, interior, and performance. If he still could not do it, it would be unreasonable.