Chapter 612

What Zu Yaoting was most afraid of was that what happened at the Children's Protection Foundation that day would be exposed.

32??

If that incident was exposed, coupled with the influence of the five people on TV, coupled with the incident of him framing Du Wei, he was afraid that his reputation would really be ruined.

There were a lot of media present that day, and they must have filmed a lot of video materials. The biggest reason why no media outlets exposed it was that Zu Yaoting had threatened all the media in Hong Kong that whoever dared to broadcast what happened that night would not be finished.

No media outlet was willing to provoke Zu Yaoting, because for such a long time, Zu Yaoting's status in Hong Kong's entertainment circle was like a rabid wild dog. Only he bit others, no one bit him, and he was not afraid of being bitten at all. So for so many years, those who provoked him would basically be covered in feces, so most media outlets stayed away from him.

That night, Zu Yaoting suffered a big loss at Li Mu's hands, and he was humiliated. It was almost the most humiliating time he had been in all these years. If any media outlet exposed his "experience," he was afraid that this villain would double his revenge. So everyone pretended that nothing had happened, and they did not make any reports.

The main reason why big media outlets like TVB and Phoenix TV, which were not so afraid of Zu Yaoting, did not report what happened that night was mainly to protect Zhang Guorong. Because if they reported that incident, they would inevitably mention Zhang Guorong's sexual orientation. Big media outlets were not entertainment tabloids. They did not want to use this kind of thing as a gimmick, and they did not want to hurt Zhang Guorong a second time, so everyone kept their mouths shut. But today's situation was very special. Today, Zhang Guorong asked TVB to broadcast all the video of that incident, and TVB could not persuade her.

Zhang Guorong insisted that TVB broadcast the video of that night. The reason was very simple. First of all, not to mention his love for Du Wei, Li Mu's help that day had provoked Zu Yaoting's revenge. It was all because of him. At this time, if he did not stand up and explain clearly, even he would not be able to forgive himself. Moreover, he was much more open-minded than before. He was no longer overly sensitive about his sexual orientation. On the contrary, he wanted to be open and honest about all the sensitive issues that everyone was concerned about. This way, he could relax a lot. As for how the media would evaluate him in the future, he did not care, because he had already decided to leave Hong Kong for a period of time to study in the mainland. Even if Hong Kong was turned upside down, it would have nothing to do with him.

It was precisely because of this open-mindedness that Zhang Guorong could take the initiative to broadcast the video. In his heart, he also regarded this matter as a good opportunity to break out of the cocoon and be reborn. After today, he did not care about what others thought of him. He would only try his best to live for himself.

At this time, the director cut the scene to the video. At this time, Zu Yaoting saw himself standing on the stage of the Seedling Protection Foundation's banquet, talking to Zhang Guorong with an exaggerated expression.

On the TV, Zu Yaoting said sarcastically, "Oh, Leslie!

Brother!

I didn't expect you to come today! "

After that, he immediately changed the topic. First, he said that Mr. Tang had cheated on her and found young and tender meat. Then, he said that Mr. Tang had HIV. Finally, he said that Zhang Guorong should also be careful not to get HIV. Otherwise, it would be a great loss to the Hong Kong entertainment industry, and so on.

At that time, Zu Yaoting's tone was extremely provocative. Not to mention Zhang Guorong's fans, even ordinary people who had no feelings for Zhang Guorong at this time were filled with righteous indignation at this time. The whole Hong Kong knew that Zhang Guorong had depression. How dare Zu Yaoting ridicule and attack him in public? How was this different from murder?

It was even more vicious than murder.

At this moment, millions of Hong Kong people in front of the TV were cursing Zu Yaoting, and those Zhang Guorong's fans wanted to tear him apart alive.

On the TV, after the successful attack, Zu Yaoting arrogantly left the stage. At this time, Li Mu appeared on the stage!

The people who had seen the false news this morning immediately recognized this mainland rich businessman who was rumored to be Du Wei's mistress. They watched as Li Mu rushed onto the stage and asked Xiao Fangfang to inform the sound engineer to turn up the volume of the microphone again. After that, Li Mu stood on the stage and launched a counterattack against Zu Yaoting without hesitation.

Just when everyone in front of the TV was indignant about what had happened to Zhang Guorong, Li Mu appeared. He spoke in standard Mandarin, and as soon as he opened his mouth, he used a flattering tone to set up a trap for Zu Yaoting. He said that this was the third time he had met Zu Yaoting. Then, he changed the topic and told the two previous times he had met Zu Yaoting. For example, the first time, he had seen Zu Yaoting being let in through the back door by three black men. The second time was in the hospital, where he had been hospitalized for treatment because he had been let in through the back door too forcefully. It could be considered as a slap to Zu Yaoting's face in public. Moreover, what Li Mu had said was obviously a lie, which also highlighted a fact from another perspective: what he had said was a lie, and what Zu Yaoting had said was also a lie.

On the screen, Zu Yaoting, who had been perfectly counterattacked by Li Mu, wanted to rush onto the stage and fight with Li Mu several times. However, in the end, he was no match for the many security guards present. Moreover, Li Mu did not let him go. In public, he mocked Zu Yaoting for imitating Zhang Yaoyang, and even mocked him for having a sharp mouth and cheeks like an ape. In the end, Zu Yaoting could only leave angrily.

Watching this, the whole Hong Kong audience clapped and cheered excitedly in front of the TV. Although they knew that this had already happened before, they were still excited to see that Zu Yaoting, the b * tch, had failed to harm Zhang Yaoyang and was instead slapped in the face by Li Mu.

At this time, the scene switched back to the studio. The host looked at Zhang Guorong and said with respect and heartache, "Brother, do you have anything to say to the audience in front of the TV?"

Zhang Guorong hesitated for a moment, then gave the host her signature faint smile and said, "Before today, I would rather die than let this video be broadcasted because I was too cowardly before today. I didn't have the courage to face myself, and I didn't have the courage to face those malicious media people. Today, I took the initiative to ask you to broadcast this video because I've understood something. If you don't want to be hurt by evil people, simply hiding won't solve the problem. You must stand up and protect yourself. You must first protect yourself, then you have the qualifications to protect others."

Speaking up to this point, Zhang Guorong paused for a moment, then her voice became serious as she continued, "Everyone in the Hong Kong music industry knows that I admire Du Wei. It's really rare for an 18-year-old girl to be able to sing so well, so I suggested to President Xiao that she could be a guest at the Children's Protection Foundation's banquet. And as a good friend of Du Wei's sister, Mr. Lee was entrusted by her sister to accompany Du Wei to Hong Kong to participate in the event. That day was also the first time I met the two of them. I didn't expect that Zu Yaoting would provoke me in public that night. Fortunately, Mr. Lee stood up for me, otherwise I might have been severely depressed and locked myself in my room. But I didn't expect that Zu Yaoting would be so despicable and despicable. Right after Du Wei released her single in Hong Kong and got first place on the Longhu Chart, he immediately made up fake news to slander and slander her. If I didn't stand up to clarify all this, wouldn't Du Wei follow in my footsteps and become the victim of Zu Yaoting's slander?"

The host nodded understandingly and said, "I understand your feelings very well, brother. Here, I also appeal to the audience in front of the TV. I hope that you won't listen to the nonsense of those gossip magazines. You should have your own judgment and don't be used by people with ulterior motives."

Then, the host looked at Mo Wenwei and asked her, "Karen, you were also on the scene that day. Can you tell us some of your opinions?"

Mo Wenwei said seriously almost without hesitation, "My opinion is that some people are really shameless and despicable!

I appeal to all people with a conscience to resist this scumbag together. Don't give him any chance to harm others! "

Zhang Xueyou also said, "I believe that many Hong Kong artists have been troubled by those unethical newspapers and magazines and their paparazzi. Everyone chose to stay silent in the past, but it gave them more confidence to be arrogant. I hope that my colleagues in the entertainment industry can unite to resist this kind of unethical media and return a pure entertainment industry to everyone!"

Liang Yongqi said, "I think Xueyou is very right. It is precisely because of these despicable people that the Hong Kong entertainment industry has become foul. I hope that everyone can work together to resist these despicable people and purify the Hong Kong entertainment industry."

Zu Yaoting, who was in front of the TV, was dumbfounded the whole time.

He didn't expect that Zhang Guorong would go all out and release the video of the whole process of that day. Now, these five people had clarified everything on TV, and even released the cause of the whole thing. Now, he was afraid that he would be condemned by thousands of people, and he wouldn't be able to defend himself!

At this time, the phone on the table rang. It was his father who called. He scolded angrily on the phone, "You bastard!

Do you know that you have offended all the people in Hong Kong? "

Zu Yaoting was already panicking, and his father's call made him even more panicked. He explained hesitantly, "I didn't know it would become like this …"

The old man of the Zu family roared on the other end of the phone, "You have caused great trouble for the Zu family!" After saying that, he hung up the phone angrily.

Zu Yaoting sat on the sofa, covering his face with his hands. He also realized that he had made a big mistake. He wanted to take revenge on Li Mu, who was in the mainland, but he did not expect that he would force Zhang Guorong to expose all the previous things. Now, he really did not know how to end it.

At this time, the phone kept ringing. Zu Yaoting's brother and sister, as well as his friends who worked with him, all called and scolded Zu Yaoting. Zu Yaoting was so embarrassed that he could only turn off his phone for the time being.

Finally, it was quiet for a while. The secretary outside knocked on the door, then pushed it open and said, "Boss, our colleagues in the distribution department have reported that many of the newsstands have been maliciously burned. Our magazines have all been burned. The boss of the newsstand has called to ask us to bear all the compensation …"

Zu Yaoting did not expect that it would come so soon. He blurted out, "How many newsstands?"

"More than 20!"