Chapter 1783

Although IDG held 80% of the shares in the Bull Takeout project, it was clearly stated in the contract that they had no right to interfere with the company's operations for two years.

In other words, they had no right to interfere with Lu Yunhao's decisions.

Now, Lu Yunhao and his Bull Takeout were like a cow being led by the nose by Li Mu. This made IDG very anxious.

Therefore, IDG immediately communicated with Lu Yunhao and asked him if he had a way to break through the current bottleneck. Otherwise, the website would never be able to develop in the long run.

Lu Yunhao could only explain that the production and range of electric scooters were a big problem. They could not keep up with the demands of the platform and could only be improved bit by bit. However, he told IDG not to worry because his people had already started to purchase large quantities of electric scooters from the retail market in Shanghai.

In order to solve the problem of delivery as soon as possible, Zheng Chao sent people to clear out more than ten electric scooter shops.

As long as it was an electric scooter, no matter what brand or model, they were all bought. According to Lu Yunhao's request, they had to gather 500 units first.

At the same time, their ground push team also started to recruit riders, hoping to quickly expand the team of riders.

In order to fulfill Lu Yunhao's request, the team recruited all kinds of idle and unemployed people. Many of them looked unreliable, but for the sake of the mission, Zheng Chao had no other choice.

When the person in charge of IDG heard that they could only solve 500 units after so much effort, he immediately panicked and blurted out, "If it really doesn't work, let the riders deliver the orders on bicycles!

Immediately recruit 2000 people, give each of them a bicycle, and let them start taking orders immediately. "

Lu Yunhao was troubled and said, "Our riders have a delivery radius of five kilometers, which means that theoretically, the furthest order from the shop to the customer is ten kilometers. Even if they can complete one order in half an hour by bicycle, the rider's stamina will be very high. At this rate, how many orders can they complete in a day?"

As he said this, Lu Yunhao continued, "Also, it's not easy to recruit people with electric scooters. What's more, we don't even have electric scooters, only bicycles?

If that's the case, we have to raise the base salary. The cost will be too high in the long run. "

The person in charge of IDG said angrily, "What we want is the number of users and orders. The data of the platform must be good, then we can increase our own value and proceed with the next round of financing. If you don't increase the number of orders now, how are we going to operate our capital?

It's already so difficult in Shanghai, and you still expect us to expand to other cities? "

Then, without waiting for Lu Yunhao's response, the other party continued, "Mr. Lu, the twenty million USD that we invested in you is not enough for you to expand your business. If you want Bull Takeout to have a chance to cover the entire country, then you have to keep on raising funds, raising funds, and raising funds. The most important part of financing is the data. If the data is not up, no one will invest in you. When the twenty million USD is spent, that will be the time this project goes bankrupt. I hope that you can put all your energy into improving the data. Nothing is more important than data!"

Lu Yunhao felt a headache coming on.

On one hand, there were all sorts of curses that Li Mu had put on him. On the other hand, there was the strong dissatisfaction of the investors. If he did not hurry up and make progress in this project, it might really be like what IDG said. After spending the 20 million US dollars, the project would go bankrupt.

The data they wanted was nothing more than the number of users on the platform, the number of orders, and the number of transactions. Now, if he gave a huge discount, he could increase the number of users on the platform, but the number of orders and transactions would be stuck in the delivery process.

In other words, if they could really find a way to quickly increase the delivery capacity, the data of the entire platform would be greatly improved.

Was the bicycle really the solution?

Lu Yunhao found Zheng Chao and told him about this idea, asking for his opinion.

Zheng Chao's face turned pale and said, "Boss Lu, if we were to recruit riders now, one person's base salary would be at least 40 yuan a day, and this is under the situation where we are equipped with electric scooters. If it were a bicycle, I'm afraid no one would be willing to work 60 yuan a day. Even an iron man would not be able to withstand eight hours of non-stop riding and delivering food."

"Also, think about it. We give them 60 yuan a day, but the orders they deliver every day are much less than the people who ride electric scooters and get 40 yuan a day. Then, how much would the average delivery cost be for them?

If that happens, wouldn't we lose money?

We might lose nearly 10 yuan just from the delivery fee alone. "

Lu Yunhao said, "The problem now is to quickly increase the delivery capacity. Other than this, do you have any other good ideas?

If the electric scooters can't keep up with the demand, they will stop after one or two hours. They might as well ride bicycles for the rest of the time! "

Zheng Chao took a deep breath and asked, "Then I'll go buy a batch of bicycles and try it out first?"

"Hurry!" Lu Yunhao said, "Buy a thousand bicycles first and get this thing going."

…

Li Mu was dumbfounded when he heard that Bull Takeout was recruiting bicycle delivery riders on a large scale in Shanghai.

They even wanted to use bicycles to deliver food. This showed that Bull Takeout's desire for the platform's data was very strong.

However, the efficiency of bicycles delivering food might not even be a quarter of that of electric scooters. If that was the case, wouldn't the cost be even higher?

The takeout platform had not started taking a cut from the merchants, giving them discounts, subsidies, and paying for the riders. With all these costs, Bull Takeout would have to pay more than 10 yuan for every order it received. Half of the 20 million USD had already been spent. How long could the remaining money last?

Thinking about this, he decided to continue increasing the overall operating costs of Bull Takeout.

First, he asked the person in charge in Shanghai to increase the basic salary of the riders to 1,800 yuan a month.

Second, he also requested for the overtime compensation function to be implemented in Shanghai. In other words, if an order was not delivered after 30 minutes, they would have to pay 3 yuan in cash. If it was delivered after 40 minutes, they would have to pay 5 yuan. If it was delivered after 60 minutes, they would have to pay free of charge.

Currently, Hungry Mike's data in Shanghai showed that the implied delivery rate of orders was over 95%, the delivery rate within 40 minutes was 98%, and the delivery rate within 60 minutes was 99.8%. Other than unexpected situations and force majeure, Hungry Mike did not have any delays.

This was also related to Hungry Money's internal distribution process.

Li Mu had already told him that he could not assign a large number of orders to a single rider, nor could he let a rider accept a large number of orders. Unless there was an order that was very close to the rider's route, the system would automatically assign it to the rider. Under other circumstances, it was impossible to let the rider fight for the order himself.

In the future, takeaways often had problems with the timeliness of delivery. On one hand, in order to receive more orders, the platform did not reject any orders and stuffed all of them to the riders. On the other hand, the riders were constantly fighting for orders in order to earn more money.

Originally, an order from A to G could be completed in at least 20 minutes, but the rider received another order from B to C, another order from D to E, and then another order from F to G. Then, the rider would pick up the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, and even pick up the order, pick up the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, deliver the order, and deliver the order. Using this method, there would always be one or two orders at the end of the queue that would be delayed.

However, the takeaway platforms in the future had very average service quality. To them, profits were always the most important. Therefore, they would tacitly accept this kind of operation. If you wanted to get your order faster, you had two choices. Either you were a member, or you could spend money to buy a so-called punctual treasure.

The punctual treasure was even worse. If you spent money to buy it, the rider might deliver it to you first. Sometimes, in order to deliver it to you first, the rider had to go around in a big circle, causing the subsequent orders to be even more delayed.

Sometimes, the rider himself was unwilling to bear the consequences of the delay. He would call you directly and use all kinds of weak reasons to beg you to allow him to click the delivery button in advance. Most people were thin-skinned and felt that it was not easy for the delivery man, so they let him do it.

In this way, the punctual treasure you bought would be useless. It was purely a waste of money.

Some delivery men would unconsciously lie to you, saying that the food would arrive soon and they would click the delivery button first. Then, after they had their way, they would directly put your order at the bottom of the list and rush to the other orders.

In this way, you might not be able to eat for an hour and a half. When you were waiting angrily for the delivery man to arrive, the moment he arrived, he would apologize to you with a bitter face. He would say sorry for the traffic jam, sorry for the car breaking down, sorry for the fall, sorry for the scratching accident. In short, he would make you feel sorry for him. As for the fact that you had been hungry for an hour and a half, it was nothing compared to that.

Sometimes, you would think that the platform had the rider and the user's address. Especially the rider, whose real time address was within the platform's monitoring range. Some orders could not wait for the rider to be five kilometers away from the user to be delivered. Was the platform blind?

Could it not see?

Could it be that the backend of the system couldn't determine this problem?

Why did the rider take advantage of this loophole?

In fact, the platform was well aware of these actions, but it was not willing to care.

Why?

Because if the user was willing to be fooled by the irresponsible delivery man, then of course, it would be happy to see such an outcome. This way, the delivery man would be able to receive a few more orders.

This was the entire platform colluding to consume the user's kindness. If you were angry, what could you do?

You could only click the complaint button at the end. But once you clicked the complaint button, not to mention whether it would be useful, you would encounter the same problem next time.

Therefore, from the start of the game, Li Mu had requested that in most cases, the rider would deliver the food in one go. The system would not send more orders to the rider, and the rider would not take the initiative to snatch the order. This was to ensure the delivery time.

At the same time, he fixed the movement range of each rider to a radius of five kilometers. This was to ensure that the rider could quickly complete an order on his electric bike.

If there were really free orders, the System would not be so stupid. For example, if three people in the same building ordered from the same restaurant, as long as the System gave the first order to one of the riders, the subsequent orders would also be given to the same rider. In this way, he could deliver more orders and improve efficiency while ensuring the timeliness of the orders.

Therefore, with the support of the system's algorithm, Li Mu dared to play overtime compensation with Lu Yunhao.

When Hungry Me played overtime compensation, orders that might actually trigger the compensation condition were only 2% or even 1%. However, if Lu Yunhao's Bull Takeout also played overtime compensation, then the trigger rate would be hard to say …