Chapter 21

It was already 11: 40 am when Li Mu, who did not have a driver's license, drove all the way to the suburbs of Jinling. Although they encountered some traffic police along the way, none of them tried to stop the A6 for inspection, which was a lot more convenient.

Before entering the city, Li Mu swapped places with Chen Wan. He did not know where Chen Wan was going, and Chen Wan did not know where she was going, so he let her drive by herself.

Chen Wan first took out her phone and made a call. She told the other party that she had arrived in Jinling, but she needed to eat first before meeting the other party. They agreed on a time to meet at a certain place at 1: 30 pm.

After Chen Wan hung up, Li Mu asked curiously, "Sister Wan, what are you doing in Jinling?

I asked you all the way, but you didn't tell me. "

"Me?" Chen Wan giggled and blinked mysteriously, "It's a secret!"

"Okay." Li Mu felt bored, so he did not ask any more questions.

Chen Wan was more familiar with the provincial capital, so she drove slowly into the city. First, she found a restaurant and had a meal with Li Mu. Then, she drove Li Mu to a commercial area not far from the restaurant.

Li Mu studied in Jinling in his previous life, so he knew that the commercial area she was going to was very special.

This was originally a failed commercial street development project in Jinling. It wanted to build a pedestrian street, but it did not succeed. Later, many of the empty storefronts were occupied by artists, including art, sculpture, photography, and music. Later, there were even a few teams that specialized in original videos developed here. It was somewhat similar to Yanjing 798, but in terms of scale and maturity, it was far less than 798, not to mention that it was still in its infancy. At most, it could only be regarded as a place for Jinling local hipsters to show off.

There were a few music bars along the street, a few cafes with a slightly higher artistic style, a few piano shops, a few art galleries, and dance training rooms.

In the beginning, this was a place that university students and a few foreign teachers liked to come to. Slowly, it became a gathering place for hipsters.

Li Mu didn't know what Chen Wan was here for. He helped Chen Wan park the car, and Chen Wan led him in.

They walked all the way to the deepest part of the commercial street, and Li Mu was taken to a place called "Jinling Noise Control".

"Noise control?" Li Mu stared at the graffiti-style signboard and asked in surprise, "Noise control?"

"Yup." Chen Wan raised her eyebrows and smiled. "My cousin built it. It's a band rehearsal studio and a recording studio."

Li Mu pursed his lips. Could it be that Chen Wan also had this taste?

Did he come all the way here just to watch the local underground band practice?

As someone who went to Jinling University in the second half of 2001, Li Mu had personally experienced the standard of the local underground bands in 2001.

Nowadays, most of the local bands can't even perform "I Really Love You" well. Furthermore, all the bands use fifth-rate domestic instruments. Only the lead guitarist has a Japanese ZOOM 505 effector. The speakers they use are also crappy, and the sound is like sh * t. Metal rock sounds full of plastic. If the bass player uses a bit of strength to play a note, the feedback from the speakers is like an elephant farting.

But since he was here, Li Mu didn't think too much about it. Anyway, he was here to accompany Chen Wan. She could do whatever she wanted.

Stepping into the Jinling Noise Control, Li Mu began to realize that it was a bit interesting.

Although this place was hidden very well, after entering, Li Mu discovered that it was actually a very high-end band rehearsal studio.

When Li Mu was in university, he also played in a band as an amateur. After working part-time for half a year, he could only afford a fifth-rate trashy electric guitar. He always looked at pictures of imported foreign instruments on the Internet and drooled. He didn't expect to see the things that he dreamed of when he was young here.

A four-member rock band was in the rehearsal room, holding instruments and having a meeting. It seemed that they were rehearsing.

At a glance, Li Mu saw that one of the long-haired guitarists was holding a Sunset Gibson. It was the same model as the Gun Flower band's Slash. It cost about 70,000 RMB.

The equipment of the other guitarist and bassist was also very awesome. They were basically world-class first-line brands. The drummer was even more of a beast. Not counting the top-notch Japanese TAMA drums, just the various kinds of drums alone would cost tens of thousands of yuan.

Li Mu was stunned. They were all f * cking nouveau riches!

A young man with long hair and a Sunset Gibson looked about 24 or 25 years old. When he saw Chen Wan come in, he whistled and said with a smile, "Little Wan, didn't I tell you to come at 1: 30? It's only 1: 00."

"I came to watch you guys rehearse." Chen Wan smiled. "Brother, I haven't seen you for a while. Your hair has grown again."

The long-haired young man laughed and looked at Li Mu. "This is the little brother you were talking about?"

"That's right."

Chen Wan hurriedly pulled Li Mu and introduced him to everyone. "Brothers, this is my brother, Li Mu."

Li Mu was confused. Why was he involved?

He didn't know what was going on. The long-haired young man extended his hand to Li Mu and said, "Hello, I'm Zhang Kexuan, Chen Wan's cousin. I heard from Chen Wan that you can write songs, and that you wrote a very good one?"

Li Mu suddenly widened his eyes and turned to stare at Chen Wan. His expression was as if he had just seen a dog …

Chen Wan was a little embarrassed by Li Mu's stare. She hurriedly said with a guilty conscience, "It's like this, Li Mu. I thought the zebra zebra you sang last time was very good. Then, I really hope that you can record this song, so I contacted my cousin. The room in front of him is the rehearsal room, and behind him is the recording studio. I didn't tell you clearly before I came. Don't be angry with me, okay?"

Zhang Kexuan also nodded and said, "Li Mu, right? Let me tell you, I spent a lot of money on the equipment here. I dare not say that the recording effect is comparable to those famous recording studios in the United States, but among the private recording studios in the country, it is considered one of the best. I will help you record a demo later. If you are interested, you can send it to the record company to try."

"Forget it." Li Mu waved his hand. "I'm just an amateur music lover. I don't want to make any records."

"Hey!"

Zhang Kexuan said indifferently, "It's not a big deal. If you don't want to make an album, it's good to record a demo as a souvenir!"

"Yes!"

Chen Wan said with a pleading face, "The main thing is that I think your zebra zebra is too good. You record it and keep it as a souvenir. You can also give me a copy of it to my MP3 player. Isn't it good that I can listen to it sometimes?"

Li Mu sighed. MP3 players were so expensive these days. It was not much cheaper than mobile phones. Moreover, he really admired this fair, rich, and beautiful sister. She mobilized so many people just to record a song.

And this Zhang Kexuan and his three teammates, damn, the whole rehearsal room's soundproofing, lighting, high-end split speakers, mixers, these equipment, plus their instruments, were estimated to be in the millions!

If the standard of the recording studio was really built higher, then it would be even more unreasonable. It was normal for a human microphone to be worth more than a hundred thousand, and it was normal for a pair of monitoring speakers to be worth more than a hundred thousand. This did not include the recording equipment. My God, millions for rock and roll?

Crazy?

In this era, if you have this kind of money, why don't you make a fortune in China … Are the lives of the rich second generation so extravagant?

However, Li Mu thought that it was good for the rich second generation to have money for rock and roll. It was much better than spending millions on a sports car to harm ordinary people.

Li Mu could not say anything. Since they were already here, and since Chen Wan really wanted to listen to "zebra zebra", then he would record it himself. Anyway, it did not cost him any money. In the future, when he went to university, when people bragged to him about what awards he had won, he could brag to them that he made a demo after graduating from high school, and that he was also a person with a single.

At this time, Zhang Kexuan saw that Li Mu's expression had eased a lot, so he said, "You guys sit for a while. We will now rehearse two more times. We have signed up for the Ice Pioneer National Band Competition. In a few days, it will be the preliminary competition, and we are rehearsing intensely."

Li Mu nodded and sat down with Chen Wan. Zhang Kexuan communicated with the other brothers in the band and said, "Come, let's go through the song."

Li Mu thought to himself, "I don't seem to have any impression of Zhang Kexuan in my previous life. Logically speaking, with such awesome equipment, such a band should be very famous in Jinling even if they are not that good. Why haven't I heard of them?"

While he was thinking, the band had already started performing.

"You are my angel, my ANGEL, bringing me luck and endless happiness …"

Isn't this the song that made Dada famous?

Li Mu vomited a mouthful of black blood. Dada released an album in January this year. These brothers have such amazing equipment, but they are still playing with copies. Don't they know that original songs are the way to go for a band?

However, although they are not original songs, their performance skills are still up to standard. The lead singer is actually Zhang Kexuan. His voice is not bad, but Li Mu feels that his voice is not suitable for this kind of pop punk style song.

Li Mu and Chen Wan listened to them sing three songs in a row. In addition to Dada, there is also Beyond's "The Earth" and Black Panther's "Don't Pester Me".

After singing three songs, Zhang Kexuan is as tired as a grandson. Especially the last song by Black Panther, he can't even sing it in a low key. It is very difficult.

"Li Mu, you have written your own songs, so you must have some foundation. Give us some comments?" Zhang Kexuan looked at Li Mu with a face full of expectation.

In any case, these days, those who can play the guitar and write songs must have learned a little bit, although most of the songs written by enthusiasts are a little terrible in Zhang Kexuan's eyes.

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said seriously, "Pop punk, pop rock, hard rock, the styles are too messy. Moreover, you only know how to imitate, completely copy the original, without any adaptation of your own."

"The most important thing is that your voice is not suitable for singing these three styles, but you have not tried to sing in your own style. You spent so much money on a band, don't tell me you haven't even found a suitable style for yourself?"