Chapter 1741

The next day, when Li Mu opened his eyes, Su Yingxue was wrapped in a hotel bathrobe, sitting on the windowsill and looking at the scenery.

Li Mu came out of the bedroom and walked through the large corridor to the meeting room. The TV was playing the local news in a low voice.

The news said that Boston had experienced a rare snowstorm in several years, and the snow in the suburbs was said to be close to a meter deep.

At this moment, the temperature outside was as low as minus 20 degrees, but in the presidential suite of the Boston Hotel, the room temperature was 28 degrees, warm as spring.

The suite was too big, and Li Mu searched a few rooms before he found Su Yingxue on the windowsill in the sunroom.

This sunroom had one-way glass on three sides, and it happened to be at the highest point of the hotel, so the entire view of Boston could be seen.

Outside the window, the university was falling like goose feathers, and Su Yingxue was looking out.

Li Mu didn't wear shoes, and he didn't make any sound when he walked. When he came in front of Su Yingxue, she was shocked.

"Oh, why did you suddenly appear …" Su Yingxue's cheeks were particularly red at this time, not only because of the temperature in the room, but also because of her shyness.

Li Mu sat down next to her, looked out the window, and smiled, "The snow is really big."

"Yes."

Su Yingxue nodded slightly and said, "The news said that it may be the biggest snow in this decade."

Li Mu sighed, "Too much snow may not be a good thing."

Then, Li Mu asked, "Do you have classes today?"

Su Yingxue nodded, "Yes, but in the afternoon."

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Then let's go after lunch."

Su Yingxue asked, "Are you also going to Harvard?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going to see Mark Zuckerberg. Are you familiar with him?"

"Not really."

Su Yingxue said, "I know he made Facebook, and it's quite famous among college students. It's now popular on college campuses all over the United States."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Do you think this thing has a future?"

Su Yingxue said, "Yes, it's doing very well for college students. But if it goes any further, it probably won't be able to expand. After all, with Makino Technology, YY is the biggest platform for social networking."

Li Mu nodded.

Su Yingxue was indeed a finance major, and she was able to see things more thoroughly than the average person.

As a matter of fact, when he first invested in Mark Zuckerberg, he felt that he had bought another big company with a future market value of more than four or five hundred billion dollars. However, as time went by and Mark Zuckerberg's report on the development progress, Li Mu found that things did not seem to be that simple.

If Facebook wanted to become a giant with a market value of 400 to 500 billion USD, it had to at least be the leader in the European and American social networking industry.

First of all, with YY's current scale and status, it could not be given a chance to be the leader.

Therefore, Facebook was basically under a curse by Makino Technology.

Originally, Facebook was like a rapidly expanding balloon. It could fill up most of the space in a room, but some of the corners of the furniture could not be touched by this balloon. These small corners were the living space of other similar companies.

This was actually very similar to Teng Xun. Teng Xun had already inflated a huge balloon in the room, and the remaining nooks and crannies had been nibbled away by Momo, Tantan, A Chat, B Chat, and so on. And none of these products could replace Teng Xun and occupy the largest space in the room.

It was the same for Facebook. YY was so strong that it could only develop in the corners, such as universities.

YY was too strong, too big, and also covered too many users. For college students who lived deep in the ivory tower, no matter how good YY was, it would inevitably feel cliché. Now, Facebook had become their ivory tower social networking product, so it was developing very well among the college students.

However, there was also a big problem. It would be extremely difficult for Facebook to step out of the university campus.

For Li Mu, he was the founder and owner of Muye Technology. Naturally, it was impossible for him to make way for Facebook. Therefore, at the moment, he could only temporarily sacrifice the interests of Facebook and let it follow behind Muye Technology to be a lackey.

This time, Li Mu came to see Mark Zuckerberg to understand his next development plan. He wanted to see how he could bring the most benefits to Facebook without touching the Makino Technology's cake.

…

Currently, Facebook had developed to the level of a valuation of hundreds of millions of USD. A lot of capital on Wall Street was very interested in this very popular product among the college students. However, after a closer look, they found out that this company was actually invested by Li Mu.

After knowing that Li Mu was an investor, Wall Street raised their valuation of Facebook. They thought that the current valuation of Facebook was at least more than one billion USD. As for the reason, it was because of Li Mu's endorsement.

Many funds thought that Facebook was a good project with good prospects. Also, with Li Mu's endorsement, the future investment risk would be much lower. Therefore, they all wanted to invest in Facebook. However, without exception, they were all rejected by Mark Zuckerberg.

The reason why Mark Zuckerberg rejected them was because he had not spent all the money yet. On the other hand, he had to talk to Li Mu and get Li Mu's approval for the financing.

For Mark Zuckerberg, creating a company with a valuation of more than one billion USD in such a short period of time was already a miracle. He attributed all of this to Li Mu's support and positioned himself as Li Mu's most loyal follower.

Mark Zuckerberg was not in school half of the time now. Instead, he was traveling around the United States. Originally, he wanted to go to Canada to promote Facebook. However, when he heard that Li Mu was coming, he changed his schedule and waited for Li Mu's arrival at Harvard.

Li Mu sent Su Yingxue back to Harvard, and he went to a small building on the Harvard campus.

This is the headquarters of Facebook in Harvard. Although most of the employees are now in Silicon Valley, Mark Zuckerberg still left all the employees who graduated from Harvard on the Harvard campus. This is important to him and other Harvard students.

Because Li Mu had a good relationship with Harvard, and Facebook was invested by Li Mu, Harvard also gave a lot of support. It was just like how the National People's Congress supported Mark Zuckerberg when he founded 3321.

Li Mu's visit was low-key, and all the Facebook employees and Harvard officials did not know about it. Mark Zuckerberg was waiting in his office early, looking out the window.

When Li Mu's Cadillac entered Mark Zuckerberg's sight, he quickly stood up and ran downstairs in a few steps.

Although Mark Zuckerberg was not good-looking, he looked very kind. He had a smile on his face every day and looked like the little brother next door. In addition, he always dressed casually, so no matter how you looked at him, he did not look like a successful person. Even if he was successful in his later life, he still gave people the feeling that he was a loser most of the time.

At this time, Mark Zuckerberg was no exception. He was wearing an ordinary black down jacket, a pair of old jeans that were a little white, and his curly hair was uncombed. He did not look like a CEO at all.

Wang Yuanlang opened the car door for Li Mu, and Li Mu stepped out of the car. Mark Zuckerberg hurried up to him. He walked very fast, and the ground was very slippery, so he looked like a big crab. It was quite funny.

Li Mu smiled and hugged him. He asked, "You're a CEO now. Can't you pay attention to your image?"

Mark Zuckerberg scratched his head and said with a smile, "People in the Internet industry are all like this. They dress in a way that's comfortable."

Li Mu said, "Look at Larry Page. He wears a suit most of the time. Elon Musk looks like an old pervert, but he wears a suit most of the time."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly said, "Li Zong, I'll definitely pay attention next time. As long as I meet you, I'll definitely wear a suit."

Li Mu shook his head and said with a smile, "You don't understand the point. The more you meet me, the less you need to care about what you wear. When you were still drooling at Harvard, I could vote for you, let alone now."

As he said that, Li Mu said, "I want you to pay attention to your appearance in other occasions besides mine, such as in the company, meeting partners, or doing landing promotion activities. You have to be able to match your temperament as a CEO."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly nodded. "I'll definitely pay attention to it in the future."

Li Mu smiled. "Let's go up and talk. It's too windy here. It's too cold."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly said, "I haven't told my employees that you're coming. They'll be very excited when they see you!"

Li Mu asked him, "How many employees do you have here?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "More than 60 employees here, and more than 200 in Silicon Valley. There's also a marketing team of nearly 100 people working all over the country."

As he said that, Mark Zuckerberg said, "By the way, we're preparing to enter the Canadian market. A 10-person marketing team has already gone there, and they're coordinating with the local universities."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Stepping out of the United States is your first step into the world."

The two chatted as they walked through the entrance of Facebook's Harvard headquarters.

Facebook had about 40 employees in Harvard. When they saw Li Mu walk in, everyone was extremely excited.

In the eyes of these employees, Li Mu was their lighthouse, the strongest driving force that guided them forward and urged them to move forward. Countless people on the internet saw him as their idol and goal to strive for. Therefore, when they saw him suddenly appear here, they were very excited.

Seeing that everyone was so enthusiastic, Li Mu said to Mark Zuckerberg, "Mark, introduce your team to me."

When Mark Zuckerberg heard that, he immediately said excitedly, "Come, Li Zong, let me introduce you. This is …"

Li Mu originally didn't want to be too high-profile here, but seeing that everyone was so enthusiastic, he felt that it was not good to be too cold. Therefore, under Mark Zuckerberg's introduction, he greeted and shook hands with every employee.

Li Mu very patiently shook hands with everyone. After a round of greetings, he and Mark Zuckerberg went to his office on the third floor.