Chapter 1344

After Papa Lee and Li Ma settled down in Ziyun Villa, the SARS epidemic in Yanjing also began a new round of development.

Although the disease control department had been operating at full speed, it was still difficult to stop the spread of the epidemic in a short period of time.

In the following days, there were new confirmed cases in Yanjing every day. The government announced all the information to the public in real time, which also caused the public's fear of SARS to continue to increase.

The transportation capacity of Taobao Logistics in Yanjing had been overloaded. When most people began to avoid going out, the couriers of Taobao Logistics were still rushing to the front line of work. Even so, they could not guarantee the fastest timeliness. Fortunately, the users were very understanding. Based on the feedback from the customer service of Taobao, the timeliness of logistics was less than one in ten thousand.

The so-called timeliness was a concept derived from the telecommunications company. It was the proportion of actual users who complained out of 10,000 transactions. Later, this statistical method began to be implemented in various industries, including most of the Internet companies and physical manufacturing industries. Most of the Internet companies developed an internal acceptable timeliness, which was generally more than 50%. It was extremely rare to be able to achieve a timeliness of less than one in ten thousand like Taobao.

This also fully showed that the work that Taobao was doing now was deeply respected by the users. Not only did they provide a variety of epidemic prevention supplies at a reasonable price, but they also provided logistics and express delivery services for free. For the users, this had really exceeded their expectations.

The Yanjing Municipal Government approved of Taobao's approach very much. They awarded Taobao with the title of Yanjing Advanced Private Enterprise and a trophy. In order to express their recognition of Taobao, the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee specially went to Taobao and Taobao Logistics to conduct an on-site inspection, further enhancing the influence of Taobao's brand.

Li Mu was very busy these days. In addition to his daily work, he also took the time to go to the National People's Congress to donate a batch of epidemic prevention materials to his alma mater in a low-key manner. He also donated a sum of cash for epidemic prevention.

The second-generation members of the CSC Club had received great recognition from society for donating 80 million yuan for the Immortal Veterans, so they had been waiting for Li Mu to call them out to donate again. However, after waiting for a few days, Li Mu did not move. The second-generation members were a little anxious, so they reported to Cai Zhengmao, hoping that he could convey everyone's thoughts to Chen Ze and Li Mu.

Li Mu naturally didn't have the time to go to the Club. Chen Ze also didn't have the time recently. His father strictly forbade him from running around, and he also had to take care of Wanying Real Estate. So, the amount of energy he invested in the Club decreased in a short period of time.

When Cai Zhengmao conveyed everyone's demands to Chen Ze, Chen Ze didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Are these second generations addicted to donating money?

If they want to donate money so often in the future, it will be really interesting.

However, Chen Ze also knew in his heart that the CSC Club had an excellent reputation. On one hand, being able to join the club represented his identity as a rich person, and on the other hand, it showed his status. After all, the CSC Club had a god like Li Mu in it, and he also contributed a lot to the Immortal Veterans. So, the members of the CSC Club had a different kind of pride in their membership. Everyone hoped to continue to raise the reputation of the CSC Club, so they all had the intention to make another donation.

To make an external donation in the name of the CSC Club, and to make a name for themselves, it was completely not enough to rely on everyone's willingness to donate. This kind of thing needed Li Mu to take the lead in order to have an effect.

Li Mu took the time to go to Wanying Real Estate to express his gratitude to his colleagues. After encouraging everyone, Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Song Liang chatted in Song Liang's office. Chen Ze took the time to convey everyone's wishes to Li Mu. After listening to it, Li Mu didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Donation?

Forget it.

Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "The current situation is still relatively stable, and the country's various disease control policies are also very timely. What kind of money should we donate now?

Who should we donate to?

Right now, the disease control work of the whole society has not entered the state of a huge cost, and the country has no intention of calling for donations. Donating money quietly is definitely okay, but will these ancestors be willing to donate money quietly?

If they are willing to spend money, then they have to listen to it. However, if we rashly want to donate money with great fanfare, it will seem like we are using too much force. This is not the time for the club to be in the limelight. "

Chen Ze agreed with Li Mu's analysis and said, "You are right, now is not the time for the club to be in the limelight. I will let Cai Zhengmao explain to everyone first."

"Okay."

Li Mu said, "In addition, tell everyone that if the government and the media start to publicize and call for social donations, then we will be the first to respond."

In his memory, there seemed to be a fundraising party to fight against SARS in his previous life. If there would be such a party again in this life, then he could represent the CSC Club to communicate with the organizers, and then the CSC Club could take this opportunity to donate a sum of money.

At this time, Song Liang asked, "Little Mu, I heard that uncle and aunt came to Yan Jing, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "They have been here for a few days. I didn't tell you."

Song Liang said, "I am going back to Haizhou tomorrow. When I come back, I will go to see them."

Li Mu asked him, "Sister-in-law urged you to go back?"

Song Liang waved his hand. "She also wanted to come, but I didn't let her. The child is still young, and her resistance is not good. It is better to stay in Haizhou."

As he said this, Song Liang sighed and said, "Yesterday, your sister-in-law called and said that her period was more than half a month late. She went to the hospital to check and found that she is pregnant. I will go back to see her, lest she panic alone."

Li Mu and Chen Ze said at the same time, "Sister-in-law is pregnant?

Congratulations! "

Song Liang laughed and said, "Being pregnant is a good thing, but the timing is not very good. You know, SARS is happening now. If you are pregnant, you can't avoid going to the hospital for checkups. What if you are exposed to SARS?

I am so flustered that I didn't sleep well last night. "