Chapter 78

In a café in Jinling that never closed, Li Mu and Chen Wan found a seat by the window and sat across from each other.

At first, the two asked each other about their lives without each other.

Li Mu's life could be said to be colorful. He had just sold the plug-in, and there were a bunch of things going on at the same time, such as the exclusive store, the Easy Listening website, and the Internet Water Army. He did not hide anything from Chen Wan and roughly introduced a few projects to her.

Chen Wan admired Li Mu so much that she had nothing to say. She racked her brains, but she could not find another boy at Li Mu's age who could build up a fortune from nothing in just over half a month and accumulate nearly a million yuan. Moreover, Chen Wan had a keen feeling that Li Mu's first pot of gold was just the beginning of more miracles.

However, compared to Li Mu, Chen Wan's life was much more monotonous. Although she was interning in Shanghai, it was summer break and her dormitory was closed, so she rented a single apartment near the TV station. According to her, her daily activities were a mess. Other than a straight line from the apartment to the TV station, the rest of her time was spent chasing the news around the city.

Li Mu sympathized with her.

No matter what industry it was, the life of an intern was not easy. Li Mu was clear about this. They took the least money and did the most menial work. They wished that every official employee was their leader and could order them around. It was extremely miserable.

Chen Wan did not care. She smiled and said, "Other than being a little tired, there's nothing else. I can still persevere."

Li Mu nodded and asked, "When will the internship end?"

Chen Wan said, "At the end of August. If I'm lucky, I might be able to go to Shanghai TV as an official intern for half a year in the second half of my senior year. I'm working hard now to increase my chances of success."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and looked surprised. "Didn't you say you had plans to intern at our Nansu TV station?"

Chen Wan pouted. "You said last time that Nansu TV station had no future, so I wanted to work hard and see if I could sign with Shanghai TV station after graduation."

Li Mu was pleased. Chen Wan wanted to stay in Shanghai, which proved that her fate had begun to change. If she didn't come back to Jinling in the end, her husband in her previous life would have a great chance of not coming back to Jinling, right?

Thinking about it, Li Mu felt it was not very safe.

Who knew which bastard her husband was in her previous life?

What if she did not know him from work?

What if he was her childhood friend?

What if he was her father's friend?

It could even be one of Zhang Kexuan's friends …

Li Mu carefully thought about it. In his previous life, Chen Wan was not popular at Nansu TV station. She was just a host of an unpopular program. She was only a little famous in the local area and was not considered a celebrity. However, if she could go further in the hosting world and become a host of a super popular program, or even become the top sister of a satellite TV station, then as her status increased, her choice of spouse would definitely be better than in her previous life. In this case, it would be more stable.

It seemed that if he wanted to change her future choice of spouse, the first thing he had to do was to change her career line.

Chen Wan did not know what Li Mu was thinking when he stared at her and frowned. She asked tentatively, "What are you thinking about?"

"Oh."

Li Mu reacted and said with a smile, "It's nothing. I just feel that Sister Wan is so beautiful and has such a good temperament. If you are determined to be a host in the future, don't position yourself as an ordinary host."

"What is an ordinary host?"

Chen Wan did not understand the meaning of Li Mu's words.

Li Mu said with a smile, "The hosts of news, weather, interview programs, special programs, competitive programs, and so on are ordinary hosts."

Chen Wan was confused. "Isn't that what a host is?

What other unusual hosts are there? "

Li Mu smiled meaningfully. "To be able to stand firmly with one leg in the hosting world and the other in the entertainment industry, that's not an ordinary host!"

"Entertainment industry …" Chen Wan smiled awkwardly. "It's not so easy to mix in the entertainment industry now. It's not easy to mix in the hosting circle."

Li Mu's face was profound. "With one leg in the entertainment industry, you don't need to sing or make TV movies, but to influence the entertainment industry through hosting."

Today's TV programs are not rich enough, far from the prosperity of the future. In the future, Xiangnan Satellite TV has successfully supported several extraordinary hosts, such as He Wan, Xie Na, Wang Han, and others. They all have one common characteristic: they have hosted popular variety shows, have a large number of fans, and then engage in fan economy, receive advertisements, release records, and make movies.

Among them, Teacher He is the most powerful. In his life, he has left behind a signature song, "Gardenia Blossoms". This four-minute song can be forcibly adapted by him into a movie of more than 100 minutes. The most frightening thing is that Teacher He's fans contributed nearly 400 million yuan in the box office for this movie.

This is the host with one leg in the hosting world and one leg in the entertainment industry in Li Mu's eyes. If you want to become such a host, the only way to go through is to host a very popular variety entertainment show. There is no other way.

Chen Wan didn't understand the meaning of Li Mu's words. The current hosting field is far from as diverse as it will be in the future, so Li Mu did not explain in detail. He just thought in his heart that if there is a chance in the future, he must find a way to give Chen Wan some ideas or create some opportunities. If she can make a variety show that is popular all over the country, then she will definitely be popular.

…

Chen Wan and Li Mu sat in the coffee shop until 11: 30. Her father called to ask why she hadn't arrived at the hotel yet. Everyone was here except her.

Chen Wan hurriedly pulled Li Mu out and stopped a taxi to go to Hengan Hotel.

In the car, Chen Wan said to Li Mu, "If you don't want to participate, wait for me at the door for a while. I'll be out in ten minutes at most, and then we'll go to the station together."

"Okay."

The taxi arrived at Hengan Hotel. Li Mu waited at the door of the hotel. Chen Wan trotted all the way into the hotel and went straight to the banquet hall. At this time, the atmosphere in the banquet hall was warm. The ten parents were all impressed by the performance of Simple Plan today, and they completely changed their views on their children playing music.

Zhang Kexuan's father, Zhang Zicheng, was the proudest. He said in high spirits, "Since the children have this talent, I think we don't need to say anything else. Let's support them vigorously!

The four of us will contribute money and effort together. After the children participate in the competition, we will find the best record company in the country and support them with our own money! "

The other three parents also nodded in agreement. In their opinion, the entertainment industry is just about money and connections. Since their children have this talent, they can definitely make them popular faster if they work together.

At this time, Zhang Kexuan shook his head repeatedly. "Dad, we are not going to sign with any record company for the time being."

"I know." Zhang Zicheng smiled slightly. "You want to wait until the final champion of the competition before signing, right?"

"Even if we win the final championship, we won't sign."

Zhang Kexuan remembered what Li Mu had told him. He said with a smile, "We have a very powerful agent. He will help us solve these problems. We will listen to him on the development of the band."

Zhang Zicheng was surprised. "Where did you find an agent?

Is he reliable? "

"Reliable!"

Ye Tianming blurted out, "Uncle Zhang, our agent is very powerful. During this time, he helped us hype up on the Internet. That's why we can gather so much popularity in a short time."

"Really?"

Not only Zhang Zicheng, but other parents were also a little surprised. They racked their brains, but they really couldn't remember that there was an agent in the entertainment industry in Jinling.

Ye Tianming's father, Ye Youdao, had heard of this long ago. At this moment, he said to other parents, "Since the children have their own ideas and have successfully taken the first step, we should not interfere with their path. What we need to do is to prepare sufficient financial support for them. I believe they will do the rest well."

Ye Tianming gave his father a thumbs up and said, "Dad, you are so right!"

When the other parents heard this, they looked at each other and smiled. They didn't say anything more. Anyway, the children were on the right path and had already made a name for themselves. They were already very pleased.

At this time, Chen Wan pushed the door open and came in. Seeing her, Zhang Kexuan hurriedly asked, "Little Wan, where is Li Mu?"

"He didn't come."

Chen Wan didn't dare to say that Li Mu was waiting for her downstairs. She said, "Brother, I have to go to the station later. I want to come over to congratulate you. I'll give you a toast and then I'll go."

Chen Wan's mother said, "Little Wan, don't rush. I'll drive you to the station later."

"No, Mom. You accompany Dad. I have friends with me."

"Then I'll send your friends along."

"Oh, there's really no need. There are so many people celebrating with my brother. You don't have to accompany me to the station alone. It's not that far. Besides, I'm not going alone."

Zhang Kexuan seemed to have guessed that the friend Chen Wan mentioned should be Li Mu. So he advised, "Aunt, don't worry. I know Little Wan's friend. You can rest assured."

Chen Wan's mother hurriedly asked, "Male or female?"

"Female." Zhang Kexuan's brain turned quickly.

"Oh."

Chen Wan's mother nodded gently. She turned to Chen Wan and said, "Then you go to the station after you leave the hotel and meet your friends there. Don't go anywhere else. Do you hear me?"

"Got it." Chen Wan let out a sigh of relief and hurriedly agreed. Then she gave Zhang Kexuan a grateful look.

Zhang Kexuan blinked and looked indifferent. However, he was calculating in his heart. Could my silly sister have something going on with Li Mu?

But thinking about it, it was not bad. Although Li Mu was young, he was definitely a talent!

The two of them were a perfect match.

— —