Chapter 238

PS.

Here's the May 1st update. Don't rush to play after reading it. Remember to vote for the monthly ticket first.

From now on, you can enjoy double the monthly ticket for the 515 Fan Day. You can also watch other activities with red packets!

"Happy Farm."

The concept of personal space, along with the online photo album, message board, diary, and other functions did not make everyone feel very magical. However, when Li Mu said the Happy Farm plan, everyone's eyes lit up.

Li Mu said that the Happy Farm was a farm where every user had their own farm. They could open up land in the farm and plant different levels of things. After planting, not only could they harvest vegetables and exchange them for gold, but they could also accumulate experience and level up. The farm would have a very complete level setting. Each level would unlock a piece of land, a type of crop, and certain items would be given to the user.

These were not very interesting. What really made everyone feel interesting was stealing vegetables!

Everyone imagined the scene of their friends stealing vegetables according to Li Mu's description. They would steal the crops that their friends had painstakingly planted, and they would leave a record with their friends. It was really interesting to know who stole what from your farm.

Li Mu said with certainty that this game would make everyone go crazy for a few months. No one doubted it because it sounded very interesting. Unlike those online games where you leveled up and fought monsters, the farm sounded very casual and interesting. Moreover, after Li Mu's previous guidance, everyone could now realize the special attribute of this game: social.

After Li Mu said the plan of the Happy Farm, he said to Kong Lingyu, "The concept of the farm must be absolutely confidential. What you need to do now is to first lead the technical team to develop your personal space and expand the server. Although the online photo album is still very low, we still need to prepare in advance. The actual development of the farm game is very simple. First, let the artists create the cartoon material according to my description for me to see."

"Okay, I'll design the material and send it to you as soon as possible."

Li Mu then said, "That's all for the product development. What's left is the organizational structure. In terms of the specific division of labor in our company, Lingyu is in charge of technology, Qing Ya is in charge of human resources, administration, and organizational coordination, and Sister Yuan is in charge of finance. From this structure, it can be seen that we are a typical case of focusing on technology and neglecting support. At present, technical personnel occupy the majority of the company. If this continues, future development will be very unhealthy."

Everyone listened attentively. Li Mu then said, "Right now, what we urgently need is a marketing team. In the future, we definitely can't rely on Baidu for our marketing. Their initial effect is obvious, but it will become weaker and weaker in the later stages. When that time comes, we need our own marketing team to replace them. The marketing team's future plan must be to be an all-rounder team that is competent in the four areas of online, television, print, and landing marketing."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "What's the initial plan for the number of people in the team?

As for the annual budget for the team, I'll come up with a manpower requirement. "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "We can't make a budget based on the annual budget. 02 will be the year we soar. My target for Series B financing is to raise at least 50 million, of which, at most, we can use half of it for marketing. This will be the most important thing for us to occupy the market in the future."

Lin Ching-ah was slightly stunned. 25 million for marketing. When Li Mu said this so heroically, Lin Ching-ah admired him even more. She had always felt that Li Mu seemed to place too much emphasis on technology. Although she did not come from the Internet, she had her own understanding after interacting with it. In her opinion, in the field of the Internet, marketing and technology were equally important. Sometimes, the former's importance might even surpass the latter. The company had always placed so much emphasis on technology and neglected other things. She was a little worried that there would be problems in the future.

However, what Li Mu said just now completely dispelled her worries. In her opinion, this young boss of hers could be said to be perfect.

Li Mu then said, "The next step for our company is to add three departments. There are two main departments. One is the marketing department, and the other is the operations department. The marketing department is responsible for all the marketing and publicity work, while the operations department is responsible for using the company's existing resources to maximize profits through our own operations. Qing Ya will be in charge of setting up these two departments. The team leader must have experience in the Internet industry. We will give them a salary that is higher than the average market salary."

Lin Ching-ah immediately nodded. "Okay, no problem!"

Li Mu said, "Other than the two main departments, there is also the construction of support departments. Therefore, the third department to be added is the Human Resources Department. This department will also be set up by Qing Ya, and it will be fully managed. In the future, it will be responsible for external recruitment, internal team building, staff training, benefits, and other support work. In the future, we will gradually formalize it. For example, organize a weekly core staff meeting every week, arrange for people to record the meeting, and email it to me every week.

In addition, organize a quarterly meeting every quarter. The quarterly meeting can be chosen to be at the tourist attractions around Beijing. It will take about three days, and it can also be considered as a form of employee benefits. Qing Ya, you will be in charge of these. The spirit of most Internet companies is that work is urgent, the system is loose, flexible, and one day of paid personal leave every month. These must be included. "

Lin Ching-ah said straightforwardly, "Understood!"

Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief. He put the whiteboard pen aside and sat in front of the conference table. He said with a smile, "Now that the important things have been discussed, let's talk about something more relaxed. Let's talk about the Series B financing."

After discussing the work, everyone relaxed a little. Kong Lingyu had been in contact with Li Mu for the longest time. When he heard about the Series B financing, he smiled and said, "Boss, we don't know much about the capital level. Why don't you tell us about the next round of financing plan?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "We are not spending money fast now. The money from the Series A financing is still enough for us to last for at least half a year, and this is under the situation where there is no profit at all. If we really start burning money, this bit of money will be gone in minutes. We can carry out the Series B financing anytime, but we must choose the right time. If we carry out the financing too early, we will suffer losses, and if we carry out the financing too late, we will also suffer losses. We must choose the right time."

Kong Lingyu said, "Then why don't we just wait until the social networking software is launched before we start the Series B financing?"

Li Mu did not say anything. Instead, he asked Lin Ching-ah, "Qing Ya, what do you think?"

Lin Ching-ah thought about it and said seriously, "I think it will be too late to carry out the financing after we launch. Usually, after we confirm the intention of financing, we need to discuss a few rounds of financing, sign the contract, and receive the money. If we talk about the financing after our flagship product is launched, we will not have enough capital to support it in the early stage. I'm afraid that the effect will be greatly affected. I think we should talk about the financing when Happy Farm starts to become popular. We should get the money before the social networking software is launched. In this way, once the social networking software is launched, we will have enough capital to let it blossom everywhere on the Internet."

Before Li Mu could say anything, Kong Lingyu sighed and shook his head, saying, "Qing Ya's understanding of capital is much better than mine. When you put it this way, I feel that my thinking is really too immature when it comes to capital."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said in a friendly manner, "Director Kong, after all, your main focus is on technology. If you want to talk about technology, I don't know anything about it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Every industry has its own specialization. After all, Qing Ya is a senior from the National People's Congress. She studied finance, so her foresight is definitely professional."

Lin Ching-ah's eyelids drooped slightly. "Li Zong, don't flatter me. Compared to you, I'm just an armchair strategist."

Li Mu said, "Managers are armchair strategists. Naturally, the execution will be done by others. What you said just now is very good. You have the same idea as me about Series B financing."

After taking a sip of water, Li Mu continued, "For Series B financing, my goal is to have a valuation of at least 500 million RMB. If 10% of the financing comes in, I will fight for a certain amount of cash from the investors so that those who have options can cash out according to the proportion. At that time, everyone can decide whether to cash out or not, and the company will not interfere in any way."

…

Series B financing was just a message that Li Mu conveyed to everyone. Li Mu did not discuss it at the meeting. After he finished talking about the key points of the meeting, Li Mu announced that the meeting was over. After the meeting, he said to Lin Ching-ah in private, "Senior Sister Qing Ya, do you have time to have lunch together at noon?

I have some questions that I would like to ask you in private. "

Lin Ching-ah was not used to Li Mu calling her senior sister, but Li Mu felt that work was work and life was life. Putting aside work, Lin Ching-ah was indeed his senior sister from the older generation. She entered the National People's Congress seven years earlier than him, so it was only right for him to call her senior sister.

After being stunned for a moment, Lin Ching-ah then remembered that Li Mu had mentioned lunch. She nodded and said, "I don't have anything to do at noon."

Therefore, Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah found a restaurant with a very quiet environment and asked for a mini private room to sit down. At first, Lin Ching-ah was still a little nervous. She did not know what Li Mu wanted to talk to her about by asking her to eat in such a private place.

After the dishes were served, after hearing Li Mu instruct the waiter not to come in casually, Lin Ching-ah panicked even more. She even thought that this leader, who was seven or eight years younger than her, was going to sleep with her?

However, her appearance and figure were not very outstanding, which was not in line with common sense.

The more it was not in line with common sense, the more perturbed Lin Ching-ah's heart became, and thus, she continued to let her imagination run wild.

While she was letting her imagination run wild, Li Mu personally poured a cup of tea for Lin Ching-ah and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Senior sister, you know that 10% of our current share structure is held by Baidu. I would like to ask you, if I want to squeeze Baidu out before the Series B financing, or dilute their shareholding ratio, what method should I use?"

Lin Ching-ah's heart suddenly relaxed. So he really had something to ask her … What was I thinking about just now …

Feeling ashamed, Lin Ching-ah quickly adjusted her state of mind. Instead of answering Li Mu's question, she asked, "Baidu is our traffic support, why do you want to kick them out?"