Chapter 88

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. He had been very busy these two days.

The Easy Listening website was undergoing the final test before going online. Although it was done by Kong Lingyu's team, Li Mu still had to keep track of their progress and give suggestions to prevent them from going astray.

As for the design of the webpage, after communicating with the art designer for a whole morning and going through several revisions, it finally met Li Mu's requirements.

In order to cope with the large number of users attracted by the Easy Listening website, Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu to add new servers and bandwidth. The first step was to be able to cope with at least 100,000 people listening to songs online at the same time.

In addition, a project manager sent by Chengyu Construction Company, who was responsible for the store's renovation, also rushed to Haizhou with two sets of design drawings for Li Mu to choose from. Li Mu chose one and started the construction.

In fact, Li Mu did not have much autonomy when it came to the renovation of the store. The head office had very detailed requirements for the renovation. There was a special renovation standard manual. From the wall to the floor tiles, there were strict requirements for the size, color, and even patterns. There were also official templates for the shelves, display areas, cashiers, lighting, and so on. Individuals were not allowed to mess around.

Anyway, under the unified standards, the store's decoration was almost the same, so Li Mu did not interfere much.

The project manager recruited several part-time workers from the local area and led the team to start working. The construction time was from seven o 'clock in the morning to nine o' clock in the evening. It was said that overtime was the norm in their company. Li Mu was naturally very happy about this working method.

During the store's construction, Li Mu did not have any other requirements. He went to the advertising company to order a huge advertising canvas, which hung directly from the top of his store's door to the ground. The width of the canvas also occupied more than half of the entire store.

On the canvas, in addition to the huge Metersbonwe logo, there were two cool photos of Kwok Tak, which were almost 2.5 meters tall. In addition, there were also eye-catching words: "Metersbonwe Haizhou store is about to open, please look forward to it."

After all, it was the busiest street. During the two months of renovation, Li Mu did not want to focus on work and forget to promote the store. Now that the huge canvas was extremely eye-catching, it could be seen clearly from a hundred meters away. It could be regarded as an advance promotion.

Every young person passing by would be attracted by the huge advertisement, and then instantly receive a message that they were looking forward to: Metersbonwe was about to open in Haizhou.

The video of the semi-finals was scheduled to premiere by Nansu Satellite TV the day after tomorrow. The official launch of the Easy Listening website was also scheduled at 12 pm that day. Li Mu decided to go to Jinling.

Li Mu informed Kong Lingyu in advance that he would lead the technical team to work overtime the day after tomorrow. He would give everyone three times the overtime pay. When the time came, he would go to the office and witness the historical moment of the Easy Listening website's launch with everyone.

Then, Li Mu arrived at the rehearsal room of the Simple Plan at noon the next day. He first listened to them rehearsing "Old Boys" a few times. Zhang Kexuan's control of the artistic conception of his voice was very good, and the band's cooperation and arrangement had also performed the song very well. Li Mu increasingly felt that the four people of the Simple Plan had the potential to be very popular. It would be great if they could learn to write their own songs in the future.

After listening, Li Mu gave the four of them a pertinent evaluation. "At present, there should be no problem appearing in the first round of the finals."

The finals were divided into two rounds. The first round would be the top five out of the 18, and the last round would be the top three out of the five.

Immediately after that, Li Mu and the other four plunged into the recording studio and began the closed-door recording.

The process of recording was basically to first record the instruments, then the vocals, and then the post-processing and editing. Generally speaking, the songs that we heard were recorded many times, and then the better parts of the many times were taken out and edited together. This was a more scientific recording method. Even later on, more and more tone-deaf celebrities began to release albums. Basically, even if they read the lyrics a few times, they would be able to adjust the pitch in the post-processing.

The first song that Li Mu and the Simple Plan recorded was "Li Bai". This song's instruments were recorded three times before the accompaniment was done. However, Zhang Kexuan's vocals were recorded more than ten times. It was not that he did not perform well enough, but that Li Mu was striving for perfection.

Listening to the recorded version of the song was very different from watching it live. The live version could naturally ignore some mistakes and shortcomings, but the recorded version could not. It had to be flawless. Every single that was recorded in the recording studio, Li Mu had to strive to be perfect. This was pop music, and it had to face countless people. It was different from "Zebra, Zebra," which was a niche folk song that he recorded himself.

"Li Bai" finally met Li Mu's requirements. Then, everyone rested for a while before starting to record "Sunflower". With the previous experience, Zhang Kexuan's performance in "Sunflower" was much more stable. The vocal problems were solved after five takes.

When both songs were done, there was still plenty of time. Li Mu said, "How about this, let's go all out and record" Old Boys "as well. In a few days, you will be going to Beijing to participate in the finals. At that time, you will have to fly back and forth. I'm afraid that you won't have the time and will not be in good condition.

“OK！”

Everyone was also having fun, so they ate some takeout and started recording "Old Boys" in full swing. Zhang Kexuan used his voice a little too much, so Li Mu let him rest for more than two hours. By the time the accompaniment for "Old Boys" was recorded, Zhang Kexuan's voice had almost recovered. At that moment, he was in his best condition. In addition, they had been rehearsing "Old Boys" for the past few days, so the recording of this song was faster than the other two songs.

After all three songs were recorded, everyone found a restaurant to have a meal. Li Mu instructed them to pay attention to the Yi Ting website. In addition, before their songs were released on the Yi Ting website, they must not leak the source files of the songs. The four of them were well aware of this, so they nodded repeatedly.

Li Mu finally heaved a sigh of relief. At eight o 'clock tonight, Nansu Satellite TV would broadcast the video of the semi-finals. Zhao Kang, who was in Haizhou, was already waiting. In the past few days, his Internet Water Army had picked up a topic in Simple Plan's fan circle: Where can we hear the official version of "Li Bai" and "Sunflower"? Everyone listened to the live audio, and the sound effects were really not good.

However, all the fans said that Simple Plan had not signed a contract with any record company, so they had not entered the recording studio to record the songs. Everyone was waiting for their recorded version to come out, but it should still be a while.

Among them, many fans were analyzing the time nodes. There was a plan that was the most recognized by fans, and that was: Simple Plan should be able to attract a real heavyweight record company to sign a contract with them after the finals in mid-August. It would take at least half a year from the completion of the contract to the release of the first album. In other words, this year, it was estimated that everyone would not have the opportunity to hear the recorded version of Simple Plan's works, nor would it be possible to buy Simple Plan's album.

However, Zhao Kang's Internet Water Army began a publicity offensive. They spread "gossip" on the Internet, telling all the fans of Simple Plan that the official recording version of Simple Plan's first single, "Li Bai", had actually been recorded in the recording studio, including "Sunflower". These two songs would soon be released on the Internet, causing enthusiastic discussion among fans on the Internet.

Li Mu came to the office of the Yi Ting website with the source files. Kong Lingyu was waiting in the office building with two full-time technicians, a server technician, and several local part-time outsourcing fourth-year students.

Before the official launch, Li Mu tested the front and back platforms with everyone. Everything was very smooth, and there were no problems. The most important thing was that the interface of the website was very beautiful. At least at the moment, Yi Ting was definitely the coolest music audition website.

All the songs in the music library came from the Internet, which was also a common feature of all audition websites at the moment. Li Mu knew that the accumulation of original capital was a sin, and the Internet industry was no exception. In the future, there were countless big shots worth billions who relied on plagiarism, imitation, infringement, and counterfeiting to make money. At this time, he should not have too much shame. If he followed the rhythm of the times, he would not be criticized by everyone. First, Yi Ting was the most important.

At eight o 'clock, Nansu Satellite TV's program was broadcast.

Many people on the Internet were flooding the forum. Everyone was looking forward to the performance video of the Simple Plan band, but everyone also knew that they were the last to appear in the semi-finals, and the broadcast time would definitely be after nine o 'clock.