Chapter 315

Su Yingxue learned about what happened today from Zhao Kang. Knowing that Zhao Ziqiu encountered such a serious matter, she also understood why Li Mu was so nervous at that time.

Although Su Yingxue could understand Li Mu's reaction in her heart, Li Mu was her boyfriend after all. As his legitimate girlfriend, she inevitably had some vigilance about his relationship with Zhao Ziqiu. The reason why she rushed over today when things were almost over was also very simple. She felt that she had to come over to declare her sovereignty in front of Zhao Ziqiu and let her know that she was now Li Mu's girlfriend. As for the rest, it was needless to say.

Li Mu understood Su Yingxue's feelings in his heart. He said to Su Yingxue softly, "The problem has been solved. Don't worry."

Su Yingxue nodded and turned to ask Zhao Ziqiu with concern, "Are you okay, Ziqiu?"

"I'm fine. Thank you for your concern …" Zhao Ziqiu looked at Su Yingxue's eyes. She thought that this girl must be full of hostility towards her, but the moment their eyes met, there was only concern in her eyes. This made Zhao Ziqiu feel a little embarrassed. No matter what, Li Mu was her boyfriend, and he rushed over because of her. It was unfair to Su Yingxue.

In fact, in Su Yingxue's heart, Zhao Ziqiu had always been a sensitive existence. As early as the first time she saw her, she intuitively realized that this woman was deeply in love with Li Mu. Moreover, she had long realized that she was not just an ordinary friend in Li Mu's heart. Zhao Ziqiu was beautiful and had a better figure than her. Moreover, she was warm and generous. She should be the type of girl that men liked the most. Compared with her, Su Yingxue didn't feel that she had any advantage. Because of this, she always had a sense of crisis in her heart.

However, after all, Su Yingxue was a dignified and generous woman. Today, she didn't plan to use any action or words to declare her sovereignty in front of Zhao Ziqiu. As long as she stood here, she had already released this signal. This was enough.

She took the initiative to gently pull Zhao Ziqiu to the side and said in a low voice, "I heard the gist of what happened from Zhao Kang. Just listening to it was enough …"

Seeing the two girls whispering to each other, although he couldn't hear what they were talking about, he could see that both of their expressions were very friendly and even a little intimate. There was an indescribable feeling in Li Mu's heart. If this was before the Republic of China, Su Yingxue definitely had the potential to be a good first wife. Although she was territorial in love, when it came to potential competitors, she could be vigilant but not hostile. Just this point alone was enough to show her magnanimity.

Lin Lin watched the show, but she didn't see Li Mu embarrass himself. In her heart, she felt that it was not worth it. She said to Hui Ka Ming, "Let's go early. Send me home first, I still have to go back to collect the vegetables."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "I'll say hello to Li Mu first."

Then, Hui Ka Ming found Li Mu and asked him, "Is there anything I can help you with?

If you're not satisfied with the sentence, I can help you find someone to sentence them as harshly as possible. "

This kind of thing was a common thing for Hui Ka Ming, he had done it many times in the circle of the powerful people in Beijing.

Li Mu said to Hui Ka Ming, "There's no need to say hello on purpose. I believe that the evidence now is enough to make them suffer."

After saying that, he thanked Hui Ka Ming again and promised to transfer the money to his account tomorrow. Hui Ka Ming didn't agree, he only said that he would wait for the police to return the money to him before giving him the cash.

Li Mu didn't stand on ceremony with him. He sent him and Lin Lin to the car and thanked Xu Jiahui. He also took another 100,000 yuan from Hui Ka Ming and put it in a black plastic bag. Then, he watched the three of them drive away.

Then, Li Mu called Zhao Kang to the side and handed him 100,000 yuan. He said, "Go back and distribute the money to your classmates."

Zhao Kang opened the plastic bag and took a look. He said, "I don't need that much, 60,000 yuan is enough."

Li Mu said, "You can keep the rest first. Also, buy a safe and put it in Yu City Garden. Take a portion of the money from the legendary overlord and put it in the safe. You have to have some cash on hand in the future, in case you have to borrow money from others when you need it."

Zhao Kang nodded. "Okay, I'll do it tomorrow."

Li Mu asked him, "How's the internet café going?"

Zhao Kang said, "I saw a shop, it's not bad. It's just between our two schools, it can store about a hundred machines upstairs and downstairs. We're still discussing the price. Do you want to go take a look when you're free?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "I won't go, you can take charge of it. If it's confirmed, hurry up and decorate it so that we can open after the New Year."

Zhao Kang said, "Then I'll try to settle the shop next week."

Li Mu said, "Before we start, invite Wang Cheng out for a meal. Give him some money to bribe him and ask him to help pull some strings. We also need to get through the industrial and commercial departments and the fire department to avoid future troubles."

Zhao Kang nodded and said, "I understand."

After saying that, Zhao Kang looked at Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu who were chatting in the distance and asked Li Mu worriedly, "How are you going to deal with them?"

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders. "How else can I deal with them? Didn't Ying Xue already promise me that I'll be someone with a partner in the future?"

Zhao Kang said, "Of course Ying Xue is a good girl, but Ziqiu is also one in a million. In my opinion, you should think of a way to take them both in."

Li Mu was flabbergasted. "Do you think this is the Republic of China? You can still marry a concubine."

Zhao Kang said, "I think there's more freedom now than in the Republic of China. You're so capable, how can this be difficult for you?"

Li Mu couldn't help but scold, "Alright, alright, stop talking nonsense here. Hurry up and get lost."

Zhao Kang chuckled. "Then I'll be leaving first."

After watching Zhao Kang and the others leave, Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu were almost done chatting. The two of them were smiling and laughing, which surprised Li Mu. Not only him, but even Han Xiaoxiao and the other two girls were stunned, their faces full of surprise.

Wang Cheng, who had been waiting in the distance, saw that Li Mu was almost done, so he went up and asked, "Do you want to arrange a car to send these girls back to Beijing University?"

Li Mu looked at Zhao Ziqiu and asked her, "Ziqiu, you guys can go back to school with the car arranged by Captain Wang."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and asked, "How are you and Yingxue going back?"

Li Mu said, "We'll take a taxi back."

Wang Cheng hurriedly said, "I'll arrange another car to send the two of you back. It's not easy to take a taxi in the middle of the night."

Li Mu declined, "Our school isn't far, so I won't trouble you guys."

Seeing that Li Mu refused, Wang Cheng didn't insist. He called a subordinate to drive a police car over and let him send the four girls back first.

Li Mu watched the four of them get into the car and said to Han Xiaoxiao, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, "Send me a message when you guys reach the dormitory." Then he said to Zhao Ziqiu, who was sitting in the back seat, "Remember to have a good rest when you get back."

After sending everyone off, Li Mu said goodbye to Wang Cheng and walked out of the district police station with Su Yingxue. Standing by the roadside, Su Yingxue suddenly suggested, "Let's walk back, it's not that far."

Li Mu nodded and held her hand. "Let's go, the dormitory isn't closed today anyway."

…

On the way back, Xu Jiahui was a little absent-minded. While driving, there were a few times when he neglected to keep a distance from the car in front. It was only after Hui Ka Ming reminded him that he would step on the brakes. Hui Ka Ming could tell that Xu Jiahui was in a bad mood and guessed that it was because of Zhao Ziqiu. Hence, he asked Xu Jiahui to pull over and took over the driver seat, letting him sit in the front passenger seat.

Xu Jiaming couldn't help but sigh when he saw Xu Jiahui's dispirited expression on the passenger seat. "Jiahui, cheer up. There's no need to be so depressed over such a small matter."

Xu Jiahui nodded but didn't say anything. Lin Lin, who was sitting in the back, didn't know what was going on and asked Xu Jiahui curiously, "Jiahui, what's wrong? You don't seem to be in a good mood."

Xu Jiahui forced a smile and said, "I'm fine, Sister Lin Lin, just a little tired."

Lin Lin didn't know that he was pursuing Zhao Ziqiu either. She nodded lightly and said, "Then take a nap and rest for a while."

After that, Lin Lin asked Hui Ka Ming, "By the way, Jiaming, you're very close to that Li Mu now, right?"

Hui Ka Ming said, "My Mingcheng Capital is going to invest in Makino Technology's Series B round."

Lin Lin said, "What's Li Mu's Makino Technology for?

Also, I have to remind you, you have to be careful when working with Li Mu. That guy is too cunning, he's really good at tricking people. "

Lin Lin had always been at odds with Li Mu. She didn't like him very much. Today, after witnessing his tricks, she became more prejudiced against him.

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "I can understand. If you were him, you might not be as kind as him."

Lin Lin said, "Even so, I'll still kill him openly. I won't dig such a trap for him."

Hui Ka Ming shrugged his shoulders and said, "Actually, it's the same thing. If Li Mu had enough background, he wouldn't need to dig a trap at all. He could just say the word and those people would be sentenced to ten or twenty years. However, he doesn't have the ability, so he's using a roundabout way to save the country."

Lin Lin said with a face full of lingering fear, "Whatever. Anyway, I understand now. I'll try to stay away from this guy in the future, in case I don't know when I'll be tricked by him. From now on, I don't want to have anything to do with him."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and didn't say anything. Anyway, Li Mu and Lin Lin had long been at odds with each other and hated each other. It would be a good thing if they didn't bother each other in the future.

Seeing that Hui Ka Ming didn't continue talking, Lin Lin asked, "You haven't told me what Li Mu's Makino Technology is for."

Hui Ka Ming said without turning his head while driving, "Do you know who made the Happy Farm that you're obsessed with day and night?"

Lin Lin frowned, "Is it Li Mu's?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded, "It's Makino Technology."

Lin Lin's eyes widened instantly, "What did you say?

The Happy Farm is made by Li Mu's Makino Technology? "

Hui Ka Ming asked her in return, "You're so obsessed with that game, don't you know which company made it?"

Lin Lin said, "I went to play it because my friend recommended me. I only cared about the game, I didn't pay attention to the name of their company."

Then, she took out her phone and said to Hui Ka Ming impatiently, "Give me Li Mu's number, I need to talk to him."

Hui Ka Ming said, "Didn't you just say that you won't have anything to do with him in the future?"