Chapter 911

In the eyes of Hua Xia's media, no company in the entire Hua Xia Internet industry, or even the entire Hua Xia, could compare with Makino Technology in terms of the ability to create big news.

In terms of the ability to create big events and big scenes, Makino Technology was the best in the country. So much so that whenever it made a move, the national media would keep their eyes on it, not daring to relax.

Not only did it have a strong influence in the domestic media, but Makino Technology was also the one that received the most attention from the international media. Western countries, as well as developed countries such as Japan and South Korea, now attached great importance to Makino Technology.

Especially after the news of Makino Technology's plan to invest in PayPal came out, eBay's share price fell for two consecutive trading days. At present, it had fallen to 47.2 US dollars. Compared with the previous share price, it had fallen almost 11%, which shocked the entire US capital market.

Originally, eBay had the opportunity to recover part of the share price through the brokerage. They dared not say that they could recover the peak, but they could at least stabilize the 7% decline and stop it from expanding. However, when they received the offers from Makino Technology and PayPal, they took the initiative to give up raising the share price. Instead of trying to raise the share price, it was better to take advantage of the momentum to suppress the share price first and then raise it later. If they could foresee a big rebound, everyone would want to buy at a low price. At this time, they could scare away a group of investors.

The media was surprised that eBay did not do anything to save the share price. They even thought that eBay must have received the news in advance that Makino Technology and PayPal had reached an agreement, so eBay was waiting for the last negative news to come out.

Coincidentally, at this critical moment, everyone received an invitation from Makino Technology, claiming that there was a major business development announcement, and that a press conference would be held at 10 am on the 20th.

All the domestic and foreign media attached great importance to it. So, early in the morning, hundreds of reporters from the media gathered downstairs of Makino Technology. There were no less than 400 people.

Originally, Lin Ching-ah suggested that Li Mu rent a five-star hotel for the press conference, but Li Mu felt that this was a rare opportunity. If he didn't hold the press conference in his own territory, it would be a great loss.

This time, Li Mu had finally managed to get two American companies to join his side. And he knew very well that although he was the one who planned this route, eBay was still the veteran driver. Originally, eBay hoped that they would organize the launch event in the United States, and Li Mu and Elon Musk would be there. That way, they would be able to make a name for themselves.

However, the interesting thing was that Li Mu did not have a US visa, and eBay could not afford to wait. After letting the stock price continue to fall for another trading day, they needed good news as soon as possible, so they could only let Li Mu take advantage of it.

For this press conference, Makino Technology cleared out the largest office area, and all the employees in the area had a day off. The executive company responsible for the layout of the press conference entered the site last night. They cleared out the area, arranged the stage, the stage frame, the stage background, the lighting and sound system, and placed more than 300 folding chairs.

When Li Mu's car arrived at the basement, a group of reporters immediately surrounded him. Accompanied by three bodyguards and the staff of Makino Technology, Li Mu walked to the elevator with difficulty. A large number of reporters around him asked, "Li Zong, are you going to officially announce the controlling stake of PayPal today?"

There were too many people asking, so Li Mu had to say, "Please be patient, everyone. We will give you clear answers to all the questions you want to know at the press conference!"

The reporters wanted to ask other questions, but Li Mu had begun to keep silent until he entered the elevator.

After entering the elevator, Li Mu let out a sigh of relief and said to Lin Ching-ah, "It's not even eight o 'clock yet, these reporters are really early."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "This is nothing, some of them have been waiting here since last night."

Li Mu was surprised and sighed, "The news reporters are really going all out. They are even more hardworking than the entertainment reporters."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "But don't worry, no one was let in upstairs. Mr. Zheng Xigui from eBay will arrive at around 8: 30. When he arrives, he will first sign the loan contract between us and eBay."

Li Mu asked her, "Who is Zheng Xigui?"

Li Mu didn't know much about the team that eBay sent to Hua Xia. He only remembered that two years before eBay invested in eBay, the CEO of eBay was the previous founder of eBay. After that, eBay didn't make any big moves, and gradually, no one paid attention to it.

Lin Ching-ah said, "This Zheng Xigui is Chinese, but he went to the US a few years ago, so he is from eBay, not from eBay. He is the person who represents eBay in Hua Xia."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll go to the office first. If he and Elon Musk come later, invite them directly to my office."

The elevator door opened, and Lin Ching-ah followed Li Mu out. She said, "Okay, have you had breakfast?"

Li Mu said, "No, get someone to buy me a cup of coffee and bread, then come to my office."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Then I'll look for you later."

Although Li Mu had always told Lin Ching-ah not to use honorifics when talking to him, in front of the company's employees, Lin Ching-ah insisted on using "you" when talking to Li Mu. Her reason was very simple. No matter how down-to-earth Li Mu usually behaved, she had to let the employees maintain a certain level of respect for Li Mu.

Not long after Li Mu sat down in his office, Lin Ching-ah knocked on the door and came in. When the two of them were face to face in private, or when the core team was discussing problems together, Lin Ching-ah would naturally change her mode. She smiled and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, why are you looking for me?"

Li Mu asked her to sit down in front of him and said, "It's like this. Didn't I say that I have to fight for some company residences with the Yanjing Municipal Government? I haven't found the time to talk about this matter. It just so happens that I visited a senior in Hangzhou a few days ago and was inspired by him. I want to apply for a piece of land with the municipal government to build a headquarters for Makino Technology, Taobao Network, and Taobao Logistics together. After today's press conference, help me make an appointment with the municipal government to invite them to inspect the work of Makino Technology. Then I'll treat them to a meal and talk to them about these things."

Li Mu had been very busy before, so he didn't push this matter forward immediately. Later, YY became popular overseas, and Makino Technology became famous overseas. As the influence of Makino Technology overseas grew, it also carried the expectations of many overseas media and elites on domestic enterprises. It was definitely a benchmark for the overseas development of Hua Xia's enterprises.

After today's press conference, Makino Technology would become popular overseas again. At that time, Makino Technology would also be more popular in China. At the same time, it would also win back a lot of face for the country. At that time, if he raised a request to the municipal government, he would definitely be able to get better policies.

Therefore, after today's press conference, Li Mu decided to give the media a day or two to continue to ferment. When the momentum was at its peak, he would ask the municipal government for help.

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Then I'll contact the General Office of the Municipal Party Committee after the press conference."

“OK！”

…

Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, recently arrived at the company at 8 o 'clock on time every day. Today was no exception.

Boss Ma's enthusiasm and momentum were very commendable. When it came to his goals, he had the spirit of perseverance and the determination to not look back until he hit the wall. Of course, he also had the courage to achieve his goals by fair means or foul.

Recently, Boss Ma had been preparing for the launch of Le Tao. The final time for Le Tao's launch was set to be today, at 6 o 'clock in the evening.

The reason why it was set at 6 o 'clock in the evening was that the launch time was actually not that important to Boss Ma. What he really cared about were two time points: one was the promotion time of the promotion, and the other was the launch time of the promotion.

According to the final plan, from 8 o 'clock in the evening, the major media that had already signed the cooperation agreement would start to promote the promotion to the public. The promotion would officially be launched at midnight on September 29th.

No one would know that the website would be launched at 6 o 'clock in the evening, and there was no need for anyone to know. What was really important was after 8 o' clock in the evening, when the promotion would start. At that time, users would continuously visit the website through advertisements.

The website had already made an eye-catching description of the promotion. When users opened the website, they would be able to understand the promotion time, rules, and preview of the special offers. At the same time, they had also made an incentive for registered users to participate in the lucky draw. Boss Ma's idea was to convert as many registered users as possible through the promotion of the media and the website in the next eight days to lay the foundation for the promotion on September 29th.

Boss Ma had set a target for the website. From 8 o 'clock tonight to midnight on September 29th, the number of registered users of Le Tao must exceed 8 million. It sounded like a lot, but this time, Boss Ma had invested 2 million USD in the promotion budget, which was about 16.5 million RMB. In exchange for 8 million registered users, it was equivalent to obtaining more than 2 RMB per user. Therefore, 8 million was just a guarantee for Boss Ma. If he did well this time, it wasn't impossible to accumulate more than 10 million registered users in eight days.

Other than that, Le Tao had also made sufficient preparations in terms of seller resources. They had already confirmed more than 100 corporate stores to join them. Unfortunately, basically no big brands were willing to join Le Tao because Le Tao hadn't been launched yet. No one knew how big the market would be, and no one wanted to have a conflict with Taobao because of this.

Boss Ma understood the mentality of the big brands very well. On one hand, they looked down on them, and on the other hand, they didn't want to offend Taobao. However, he also knew that if Le Tao wanted to have an influence in the future, it was necessary to have these big brands join them. Therefore, he could only hope that this promotion would be successful and let these big brands see that Le Tao had the potential to become Taobao. When that time comes, they would naturally come for the money.

Not only did Boss Ma get more than 100 corporate stores to join them, but he also invited more than 500 small and medium-sized store owners in advance.

The preferential policy that Le Tao gave to more than 100 companies to join them was that the first year's service fee would be waived. As for the 500 small and medium-sized store owners, not only would Le Tao be free of charge, but it would also give incentives. The first store that had sales of more than 10,000, 100,000, and 1,000,000 in Le Tao would receive a cash incentive of 20% of the sales.

In short, Boss Ma felt that everything was ready.

However, as soon as he arrived at the company, he received an urgent message. Li Mu was going to hold a press conference at 10 o 'clock in the morning. More than 100 domestic and foreign media would be present. It was definitely a big event, and it was highly likely to be related to the cooperation between Makino Technology and PayPal!

After Boss Ma heard this, he instantly slammed the table and stood up. His face was pale, and he scolded angrily, "Damn Li Mu, again?!

Did he predict all my moves or what?! "

…