Chapter 259

Life is like a play, and it all depends on acting skills.

Li Mu really had a real understanding of this sentence today.

His paranoid attitude successfully made Li Zong have negative feelings about himself. He was optimistic about the future MP3 market, and he was extremely repulsed by the planning of the navigation website. The solution now was a thin layer of window paper, and it would be broken once it was poked.

The key was to see who would poke first and how.

Li Zong was afraid that Li Mu would force him to increase his capital first and then split the company. In that case, most of the funds would flow to Makino Technology, and 80% of the money would be wasted. He hoped to split the company first. If Li Mu wanted to increase his capital for Makino Technology, he would refuse. If he wanted to increase his capital for Easy Listening, he would follow up with all his strength. When Li Mu was dragged down by the navigation website, he would think of a way to get Easy Listening to Network to Baidu.

Li Mu's goal was to let Baidu leave Makino Technology directly and exchange the shares of Makino Technology for Easy Listening Network shares. Li Mu could accept up to three times the conversion. In other words, after the split, in addition to Baidu's own 10% in Easy Listening Network, Makino Technology's 10% would be converted to 30% at most, and Baidu would hold 40% of Easy Listening Network shares.

However, Li Mu now felt that this price seemed to be lower.

When Director Li saw that Li Mu was not speaking, the atmosphere suddenly became awkward. Tan Yaocheng was also not in a position to speak, and the other VPs and directors were also not in a position to interrupt. Everyone just looked at each other, maintaining a slightly strange silence.

Li Mu's face had been very gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking, but everyone saw him biting his lower lip and clenching his fists. It seemed that he was experiencing an extraordinary entanglement in his heart.

Li Zong was the first to be impatient, and he comforted Li Mu. "Actually, it's good to split the company first. Everyone has their own ideas. After all, we still have to work together in the future. Don't make things unpleasant because of this matter.

Since Li Zong spoke first.

Li Mu was no longer tense. After a few minutes of silence, he exploded!

He slammed the table and stood up abruptly.

"F * ck! If you're not optimistic about the future and you're not willing to increase your capital, then we might as well stop wasting each other's time. You can just find an investment bank and sell Mu Ye's shares.

I'll talk to the new investment bank! "

Li Zong was not a short-sighted person. It was meaningless to sell it now and earn a few times the difference in price. What was important was the future layout of the Internet. Seeing that Li Mu was emotional and even about to break up, he hurriedly comforted him, "Li Mu, don't be so emotional. It's not that I don't think everything is good, it's just that I don't think the navigation website is good.

I'm very optimistic about the MP3 online listening and download. "

Li Mu said angrily, "Okay, then I'll split up the company and convert all your shares in Mu Ye to Yi Ting. In the future, you'll only hold shares in Yi Ting. I'll find an investment bank to handle Makino Technology myself. Don't occupy the latrine without taking a shit."

In their opinion, Li Mu was really anxious.

After a series of superb performances by Li Mu, Li Zong had long wanted to convert all the shares of Makino Technology into shares of Yi Ting. The reason why he did not dare to say so was because he was afraid that Li Mu would resist.

By doing so, it was clear that he did not trust his navigation website planning and wanted to avoid risks himself. He was afraid that Li Mu would not agree.

Now.

When Li Mu said this himself, he was overjoyed.

MP3 was a big game of chess that he was planning in his heart. It was extremely important. If he converted it, he could not only avoid the risk of Li Mu biting off more than he could chew in Makino Technology, but he could also increase his shares in Yi Ting.

Why not?

Therefore, Li Zong hesitated for a moment and asked Li Mu, "Tell me, how do you want to convert it?

According to the current valuation, Tieba accounts for at least 70% of Makino Technology's valuation, and Yi Ting should only account for less than 30%. It's a difference of two or three times. "

Li Mu waved his hand directly and said resolutely, "Three times is impossible. Don't even think about it. I didn't even hold you accountable for your treachery. You still want to convert it to three times?"

Li Zong knew that he did not have the initiative. He could either convert it into shares of Yi Ting, agree to Li Mu's request to increase his capital, or do nothing and wait for Li Mu to dilute his shares. The first choice was the only good choice at the moment. Therefore, he asked Li Mu, "Then tell me, how should I convert it?

I think that after the split, 10% of Makino Technology's shares should be converted to at least 25% of Yi Ting's shares. "

"Dream on!" Li Mu refused without hesitation, "Just 20%, no more!

If you agree, let's sign the agreement quickly. In the future, I won't trouble you with the navigation website. If you don't agree, I will go back and start to increase my capital. It's up to you to decide. "

When Li Zong saw Li Mu's resolute attitude, he thought that this person was on the verge of losing control. If he still went against him at this time, he would probably slam the door and leave. Then, he would directly start to increase his capital, and he would be passive.

However, only converting 20% of the shares was still a little unbalanced. Therefore, he made a request, "After the split and conversion, Baidu will have the priority to lead the investment in every round of financing for Yi Ting."

Li Mu said impatiently, "Okay, okay, okay. I will only finance you in the future!

Hurry up and sign the contract. I'm so f * cking annoyed. "

Anyway, I'm going to sell it to you in the end. MP3 is nothing to others, but to Baidu, which does search services, it is definitely a great treasure.

Li Zong slapped his thigh. "Okay, it's settled. Now, let the legal department draft the contract. We will sign it today."

Li Mu said, "I can't sign it today. I didn't bring the contract stamp."

Tan Yaocheng saw that Li Zong was eager to sign the contract, so he hurriedly said, "It's easy to sign the contract stamp. Just call someone to bring it over."

Li Zong also nodded in agreement. "Yes, sign it today. You don't have to make another trip next time."

Li Mu thought about it. The Makino Technology contract stamps were in the company. They were jointly kept by Lin Ching-ah and Kong Lingyu. He might as well ask her to bring them over and sign the contract quickly. It would save him a lot of trouble.

However, he still had to act. Li Mu said disdainfully, "There's no problem with signing the contract, but I'm not talking about you. You guys are really not good enough!"

Tan Yaocheng said with a smile, "Don't say that. We're all doing it for work."

Li Mu ignored him and called Lin Ching-ah.

In the past few days, Li Mu had not contacted Lin Ching-ah. When she suddenly saw Li Mu's phone call, Lin Ching-ah was a little nervous. As soon as the phone was connected, Li Mu said, "Qingya, bring our contract stamp to Baidu now and find me a lawyer."

Lin Ching-ah asked in surprise, "You want to sign a contract with Baidu?"

"Yes." Li Mu said in a somewhat unhappy tone, "They are not willing to take the risk, so they are pretending to be scared.

They want to convert all the shares to Easy Hearing. "

Li Zong and Tan Yaocheng looked at each other and smiled awkwardly. They thought that if Li Mu was not satisfied, he could just say a few sarcastic words.

Lin Ching-ah was stunned on the phone at first. She didn't expect that Li Mu, who was still troubled by this matter a few days ago, would actually succeed today?

It was such a great thing, so why did he still look unhappy?

After a while, Lin Ching-ah understood that Li Mu was acting.

Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but sigh in her heart. My boss is really smart to the extreme. He even dug a pit for Baidu. I can't believe it.

However, Lin Ching-ah didn't dare to delay. She hurriedly said, "Our company has a law firm to cooperate with. I'll contact them now."

"En, I'll wait for you here."

Tan Yaocheng saw that Li Mu had hung up the phone, so he asked tentatively, "Li Mu, what company name are you going to register after splitting Easy Hearing?"

Li Mu said angrily, "Easy Hearing Technology."

Tan Yaocheng hurriedly asked, "Yanjing Easy Hearing Technology Co., Ltd.?"

Li Mu nodded. "I've thought about the name before. This name can be registered."

Tan Yaocheng rubbed his hands and said with a smile, "Okay, let's use this company's name to draw up the contract. The main body of the contract is Makino Technology and us. It should be written that Easy Hearing will be merged into Yanjing Easy Hearing Technology Co., Ltd. Then, the conversion ratio should be written down. Later, there will be the issue of Makino Technology's capital division. We still have to have a good talk."

Li Mu said, "There's nothing to talk about. Let's do it according to the conversion ratio. Since Makino Technology's shares will be converted to twice Easy Hearing's shares, then the current assets and cash of Makino Technology will be divided into three parts. Makino Technology will have two parts, and Easy Hearing Technology will have one part."

Li Zong nodded in agreement and said, "It's very fair. We have no objections."

Li Mu said angrily, "Don't worry, I definitely won't take advantage of you. When the time comes, the team and hardware will all be converted into cash and counted together."

Tan Yaocheng hurriedly complimented him, "We will definitely trust you when you do things. Let's do as you say."

Li Mu sat in Baidu for half an hour. Lin Ching-ah walked into the conference room with a man in his thirties. As soon as she saw Li Mu, Lin Ching-ah hurriedly said, "Li Zong, let me introduce you. This is Lawyer Chen from our partner firm."

Li Mu greeted Lawyer Chen and told him the details of the agreement with Baidu today. After Baidu's legal department drafted the contract, Li Mu asked Lawyer Chen to look through it. After confirming that there were no problems, he signed his name on the contract.

Li Zong, who was relaxed, also signed the contract. Then, both parties exchanged the contract and agreed on a time limit. Li Mu had to complete the division of Makino Technology within half a month. The accounts would be audited by a professional audit firm hired by Baidu. At that time, Baidu would hold 30% of Easy Hearing's shares and completely withdraw from Makino Technology.

Li Mu achieved his original goal. Now, Baidu did not mean much to him. When he was ready to take over Tencent, the search engine would mean very little to him. Compared to the capital saved by letting them off the train earlier, this business was definitely worth it.

Baidu also felt that it had achieved its goal. It avoided a project that was destined to fail and increased its shareholding in Easy Hearing. In the future, Easy Hearing would definitely have a bright future.