Chapter 1613

Since Taobao and Taobao Logistics developed rapidly in Brand Day and SARS, Li Mu had not found a suitable opportunity to promote the hard power behind Taobao and Taobao Logistics.

Of course, the traditional way of blowing one's own trumpet was fine, but the effect was ultimately not that good, nor was it that explosive. The best way was to show off invisibly.

The highest realm of invisibly pretentious was not to say that one was awesome, but to show off one's awesome side and let others say that one was awesome.

Therefore, Li Mu deliberately brought William to visit. In fact, he intended to show the development of Taobao and Taobao Logistics to the outside world through him.

Especially the Western world, they were very familiar with Makino Technology, but they had basically only heard of Taobao and Taobao Logistics. They knew that this company was also Li Mu's, but they had no idea how this company was doing.

Li Mu also wanted to show the height and scale of his Taobao and Taobao Logistics at this stage to the Western world through William's perspective, so that the Western people could understand Taobao and Taobao Logistics.

Taobao and Taobao Logistics were very different from Makino Technology's business. Makino Technology's business was completely online, so it could expand its business to any corner of the world along the network line. However, Taobao and Taobao Logistics could not.

E-commerce was a combination of online and offline industries. It was easy to expand into the overseas market online, but it was very difficult to expand offline. Logistics was even more difficult. Shun Feng had been developing for so many years, but it had not really made a name for itself overseas.

Even at this stage, with the rapid development of Makino Technology, Li Mu did not plan to let Taobao and Taobao Logistics go to sea for the time being.

However, not going to sea for the time being did not mean that he did not want to develop overseas in the future.

Li Mu was still very clear about Amazon's rapid rise in the next ten years. Once Taobao and Taobao Logistics accumulated enough power in China, he would definitely invest a lot of money to let these two products go to sea together.

It was not the time to go to sea yet, but it was still necessary to do some marketing in advance. Moreover, advertising to the Western world through William was more effective than other means.

After the news of William visiting Taobao Logistics was released, Li Mu's plan received excellent feedback. Most people in the Western countries' impression of Hua Xia was still in a backward and closed mindset. In their eyes, the success of Makino Technology was an example of the Internet overtaking, but it did not mean that the entire country's private enterprises had entered a stage of rapid development.

However, the entire process of Taobao Logistics, from warehousing to sorting to transportation, stunned the entire Western countries.

Li Mu could confidently say that no country in the world's small item logistics was as advanced as Taobao Logistics!

The reason was simple. No country in the world had developed as fast and mature as Hua Xia. Therefore, small item logistics had not reached its peak in other countries yet. Under such circumstances, the companies involved in small item logistics had no motivation to innovate.

But Taobao was different. Li Mu was facing a huge market of 1.3 billion people, and he had a set of guiding principles that would mature in the next ten years. He also had enough financial and technical support to quickly expand the 2C end of e-commerce.

On the other hand, 2C was an e-commerce platform for ordinary consumers. Most of the orders were for small items. Therefore, Li Mu naturally had enough motivation to quickly promote the strength of Taobao Logistics in small items.

Because of this, Taobao Logistics showed the world the innovative side of Hua Xia's private enterprises.

There were not many companies in the world that could fully implement information technology and automation at the beginning of the 21st century, especially in the traditional physical industry. However, there was a logistics company from Hua Xia that racked their brains to implement information technology and automation. This almost sci-fi operation process was enough to shock the world's people.

For a time, the entire Western media seemed to have agreed on it. They were generous with their praise for Taobao Logistics. Many media even thought that Taobao Logistics was the model for the development of private enterprises in the world. Its awareness was so advanced that it was almost ahead of the traditional industry by an era.

Even the German media said sourly in their own reports, "Li Mu took away our automatic sorting system and our heavy trucks. Then, like magic, he created such a grand and advanced logistics system. They even installed chips, radio frequency systems, and GPS systems in every truck made in Germany. We were thinking about how to make the trucks run farther and faster, but Li Mu connected our trucks to the Internet and made them part of the Internet system …"

The Japanese media was the most sour. They said, "Our GDP is above Hua Xia, but there hasn't been an Internet company in our country that can compare to Makino Technology. Oh, no, there doesn't seem to be any Internet company in our country. As for small item logistics, I feel that Taobao Logistics' daily package volume is close to that of Japan's entire year …"

The proud British media said, "Thank you, Prince William, for opening our eyes and shattering our usual self-confidence and arrogance. Taobao Logistics is full of sci-fi operations. It's enough for every British company to study seriously for a period of time. What we need to reflect on is why we have never tried our best to make a set of systems run more perfectly like Taobao Logistics."

The American media, which had always been a pioneer in science and technology, also expressed the same point of view. "It's just ordinary small item logistics. In the eyes of Americans, it's like sending a postcard from one city to another. It doesn't need to be very fast, as long as it can arrive before Christmas or New Year. Even if it's only October when the postcard is sent, Li Mu, who is far away in Hua Xia, is working hard to reduce the logistics time between most cities in this country to less than 24 hours. It's the same postcard. In the United States, you have to prepare one or two months in advance, or you will miss the festival. But in Hua Xia, as long as you think of it the day before the festival, you can send the postcard to your friend on time. This is the difference in how we do things, but in the end, it's the difference in thinking of entrepreneurs."

Faced with the praise from the world, Li Mu was very satisfied, and he wasn't worried about secrets being leaked at all.

Liu Shixiong and Chairman Lei were still a little worried. Did Li Mu disclose too much? Did he even reveal his secret algorithms, logic, and processing plans? Would it benefit potential competitors in the future?

Li Mu didn't care at all. Instead, in the meeting room of Taobao's executives, he confidently said to the two of them, "Small item logistics is so crazy with informationization and automation. In the world, only we have the ability to do it, and only we have the need to do it."

"Look at UPS. It's a huge company, and its business is spread all over the world. Where do they spend all their money?

Their fleet, constantly expanding their fleet. They own hundreds of planes, and they also rent hundreds of planes. With such a heavy asset model, if you ask them to achieve full automation and informationization on a global scale in a short period of time, try to upgrade all the logistics hubs in the world, and upgrade all the storage facilities, it won't take long before they collapse! "

"Yes, the bigger the scale, the harder it is to do a full scale renovation. The cost is too high. The CEO doesn't have the courage, and neither does the board of directors. They can only upgrade bit by bit, innovate bit by bit, and use a long time to complete the entire system iteration."

"On the other hand, small and medium-sized logistics companies are already struggling to survive under the attack of big companies, and they don't have enough capital to support them. How can they imitate us?

Let's not talk about other things. Just the logistics management system we're using now can only be done by large internet R&D companies. Architecture design, software support, hardware design, software and hardware joint debugging, combination optimization, and filling in the gaps. With so much work, the comprehensive R&D cost of a system will definitely be more than ten million USD. The maintenance costs will also be shockingly high. Who can afford it? "

Liu Shixiong was stunned. He scratched his head and said, "In that case, there really aren't many people who can afford it …"

Lei Jianguo also smiled and said, "After listening to Li Zong's analysis, I feel much more at ease."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Not every logistics company has a Taobao Network and Makino Technology behind them. In the future, when the hardware laboratory of Makino Technology continues to develop in the field of software and hardware development of smart equipment, our degree of information technology can be further improved. Next, we need to further increase the construction of domestic distribution centers, and use more distribution centers to distribute the pressure of the core hub. At the same time, we need to use more advanced technology and equipment to improve our overall turnover efficiency."

Liu Shixiong said, "Our next step is to continue to invest in the construction of warehouses and sorting centers, and increase the density, especially in the southeast area."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Warehouse capacity and operating efficiency are one thing, and transportation capacity is another. Our fleet needs to continue to expand. At the same time, continue to increase cooperation with the civil aviation industry, and strive to sign long-term strategic cooperation agreements with several major airlines to take over most of their cargo space resources."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "Liu Shixiong, I heard that the country is planning the fifth major railway speed increase. Do you know anything about this?"

Liu Shixiong immediately said, "Yes, this time the speed increase is different from the past, and it's very big."

Li Mu asked him, "What are the specific performances?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I have a high school classmate who studies machinery and works as an engineer in the Qishuyan Locomotive Factory. After I heard that there was going to be a major speed increase, I specifically talked to him, and he revealed some hardware information to me."

Li Mu's interest was piqued, and he hurriedly said, "Tell me about it."

Liu Shixiong said, "The Qishuyan Locomotive Factory has developed a new set of double-engine reconnection passenger locomotives, the model is DF11G. The biggest difference between this locomotive and other Dongfeng locomotives is that it can run fast, with a designed top speed of 170 kilometers per hour. It's very impressive."

Lei Jianguo asked curiously, "Mr. Liu, may I interrupt you for a moment? What is double-engine reconnection?"

Liu Shixiong said, "It's two locomotives running together. The DF11G is a fixed locomotive with two locomotives connected together, so the traction power is higher, the acceleration is higher, and it's suitable for fast running."

Li Mu asked him, "Liu Shixiong, what is the main purpose of these new locomotives?"

Liu Shixiong said, "Of course it's for passenger transport. In terms of railway transport, freight transport is more for slow running, and passenger transport is less for fast running. The locomotive with a design speed of 170 kilometers per hour is born for passenger transport. I heard that the railway department is going to use this locomotive to run direct express trains between first-tier and second-tier cities in the country, which is the Z-series. Generally speaking, the distance between Beijing and Shanghai can be achieved overnight."

Li Mu asked again, "What good news is there for us?"

Liu Shixiong said, "We are doing small logistics, which is actually more similar to passenger transport. It's most suitable for express luggage trains.

In the future, if such direct express trains are opened from the provincial capital cities to first-tier cities, the speed will be much faster than our motor transport, and the load and cost will be much lower than air transport. It's right in the middle of land transport and air transport, and the price-performance ratio is very high. The simplest thing is that we can directly cooperate with the railway department. For each direct express train, we will contract one to two luggage carriages. We can even apply for the opening of point-to-point express luggage trains. "

Speaking up to this point, Liu Shixiong got a little excited and said, "Li Zong, think about it. A container truck, a 40-foot cabinet, and a capacity of more than 50 cubic meters. But the railway department's XL25T carriage is designed to have a speed of 180 kilometers per hour, and it's completely compatible with the DF11G. Moreover, its effective capacity is more than 160 cubic meters, and one carriage can carry three container trucks. A special train can carry 20 carriages, and this train can carry 60 container trucks!"

When Li Mu heard this figure, he suddenly got excited.

Liu Shixiong continued, "You see, the design speed is 170 kilometers per hour, and it leaves in the evening and arrives in the morning. That is to say, if we load from Beijing at 8 o 'clock tonight, we will basically arrive in Shanghai at 8 o' clock tomorrow morning. The same distance will take the container truck almost 24 hours to travel. How big is this difference?

If the railway department is willing to open a special luggage train for us, one a day, two trains from Shanghai and Beijing, we can exchange 120 containers of goods between the two cities in 12 hours!

This efficiency is not much slower than an airplane!

The key is that the transport capacity is high, and the price-performance ratio is higher! "

Li Mu's eyes suddenly lit up, and he blurted out, "This is reliable!

If we can open a special luggage train between the major hubs, our entire turnover speed and transport capacity will increase a lot. The increase in speed and transport capacity will also be a huge boost to the development of Taobao's business. This is too important to us! "