Chapter 368

Zhao Ziqiu's plane took off at the end of the runway on time. Li Mu, who had already separated from her, did not leave. Instead, he parked his car on the side of the road closest to the runway. Wrapped in a down jacket, he leaned against the door of the car and smoked several cigarettes.

At seven o 'clock sharp, Li Mu recognized the Boeing 767 that Su Yingxue was on. The moment it took off, the eastern sky had just turned white.

Li Mu finished smoking a cigarette and watched the plane take off against the wind. It circled around the airport before flying south. A song suddenly sounded in his mind. Li Zhi's "City in the Sky".

The plane flew across the sky, the city in the sky

Us at dusk under the rain

At this moment, I am in a foreign land at night

Feeling your flickering light and dark …

In this song, the lyrics that touched Li Mu the most was: Love is just a fart of life. It tortures me and tortures you.

For Li Mu, both Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu were women who moved his heart. The former had been dreaming of two lives and finally got her wish. The latter, on the other hand, was moving him all the time. Her image, her smell, her soft lips, and her perfect breasts were all so real.

If love was really sacred and exclusive, then love should be the cruelest thing in the world. He was not a saint. He could not help but fall in love with two women. These two women were so perfect. Just like the map of the Internet empire that he was planning now. Was instant messaging awesome?

Awesome, it was so awesome that it was indispensable. But was e-commerce not awesome?

No, that thing was even more awesome than instant messaging. It was so awesome that if he missed it, he would definitely regret it for the rest of his life. If he was not convinced, just look at those big shots who regretted not voting for Ali.

The phone screen still showed the text message from Zhao Ziqiu before she turned off her phone. "Remember to miss me."

Li Mu smiled bitterly. Everything just now was still vivid in his mind. That kind of deep memory had been imprinted in his bones in a short period of time. It was impossible not to think about her.

He kissed her, hugged her, missed her, missed her, but there was still Su Yingxue beside him. The two forces were entangled in his mind, and Li Mu could not think of a solution for a while. After smoking a few cigarettes and watching the plane disappear, he was too lazy to think about it anymore. He simply threw the cigarette butt and drove away.

Having not slept all night, Li Mu did not feel tired at all. He got into the car, started the engine, and put the gear in one go. The GL8 quickly jumped onto the highway and roared all the way to the city.

Li Mu suddenly felt that this GL8 was too boring. It was so mediocre. It was not ugly, not expensive. It had enough space, enough power, and enough power. It was also good of control and it was comfortable. However, mediocre also meant that it did not have any special features.. of. of of the car of the car of the of of of the Li Mu. of. Of the of. of the car.

If there was a chance, he must get a sports car to drive. Not for anything else, but to experience that surging passion.

The excited Li Mu drove the car back to Yucheng Garden at the speed of the speed limit. He ate something downstairs and went upstairs to take a shower. After that, he drove out full of energy and went to the entrance of Su Yingxue's aunt's house to pick her up. They bought some things together and went to the hospital to visit Wang Yanan's mother.

Wang Yanan's mother's condition was not very good. Her spirit was very poor. Lying on the hospital bed, her body was a little swollen. Seeing that Li Mu had come, she forced herself to chat with him for a while and said some words of gratitude. Li Mu had heard people say that being sick was the most disgraceful thing. At this moment, the feeling was quite obvious. After a healthy person fell sick, not only did they suffer mental and physical pain, but they also had to endure additional devastation.

At around ten in the morning, Li Mu, Su Yingxue, Hu Zhengdao, and Wang Yanan sent Wang Yanan's aunt to the dialysis room. The four of them could not stay in the room, so they stood in the corridor.

Wang Yanan's mental state was also very poor. She kept looking at her mother who was undergoing dialysis treatment through the window. Hu Zhengdao asked Li Mu, "You guys are going back tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded. "Tomorrow morning."

Hu Zhengdao then said, "Then you must be more careful when you drive. Safety is the priority."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry. What about you? When are you leaving?"

Hu Zhengdao looked at Wang Yanan and said, "I told my family about the situation. Big Sis Liu is going back to her hometown for Chinese New Year. I said that I would give her more money, but she said that she has old people and young children at home. She has been working hard outside for so long, and it would be unreasonable for her not to go back. So during Chinese New Year, I have to stay here to accompany her. Right now, I'm going back on the 23rd of the twelfth lunar month.

Li Mu said, "Then you won't be spending Chinese New Year at home."

"Yeah."

Hu Zhengdao sighed and said, "My parents understand. They still want to come back to see Auntie after Chinese New Year."

Li Mu said, "You and Yanan don't work too hard. If Big Sis Liu isn't here for Chinese New Year, you can find a suitable local person to take care of her. At most, you can just pay a little more money. There will always be someone who will be willing to do it and share the burden with you two."

Hu Zhengdao nodded and asked Li Mu, "Third Brother, what plans do you have for the afternoon?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going out with Yingxue to buy some things and bring some gifts home for Chinese New Year."

Hu Zhengdao said, "When Big Sis Liu comes over later, the two of us want to go to Lama Temple to burn incense and ask for a protective talisman. Do you want to come with us?"

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue and asked her, "Do you want to go?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "Let's go. It's said that Lama Temple is very efficacious. I want to go and pay my respects too."

Li Mu said, "Okay, let's go together when Big Sis Liu comes."

"Okay."

Just as they made the appointment, Li Mu received a text from Zhao Ziqiu. "I'm home. I'm so sleepy."

Li Mu quietly replied, "Then take the time to rest."

"Okay, I'm going to sleep. Remember to miss me."

…

Lama Temple was the most popular temple in Yanjing. It belonged to Tantric Buddhism. Li Mu had heard people say that Tantric Buddhism was the most efficacious when it came to making wishes, especially when it came to asking for wealth and luck. This was also the reason why many celebrities believed in Tantric Buddhism. However, Li Mu did not believe in this. It was said that there were 300,000 Rinpoche in Chaoyang District alone. Even Teacher Zhang, who was a professional emperor and only knew how to act, almost became a living Buddha. Li Mu always felt that this kind of thing was a feudal superstition.

However, he also understood the psychology of religious belief. Sometimes, people had to have something to carry their hope with. When they couldn't carry it themselves, they would place their hope on others. When others couldn't carry it, they would place their hope on God. As long as there was hope in the heart, people would work harder.

In front of the huge Buddha statue in the temple, Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan were devoutly kneeling on the futon. They put their palms together and kowtowed. Li Mu and Su Yingxue stood outside the hall. Su Yingxue gently pulled the corner of his clothes and said in a low voice, "Let's go and pray too."

At first, Li Mu was a little reluctant, but suddenly a thought came to his mind. He could be reborn. The theory and reason behind it could not be explained. Materialism could not explain this problem. Maybe it was really related to some God. Since he had benefited from some invisible existence, it was better for him to be in awe. So he nodded. After Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan finished praying, he and Su Yingxue also walked to the front.

Li Mu imitated Su Yingxue. He knelt down, bowed his head, put his palms up, and then kowtowed. He put his palms together to the top of his head and slowly moved them to the chest. He repeated this three times.

At first, Li Mu was only in awe. Then, he tried to make a wish in his heart.

He didn't ask for riches or marriage. He only asked for the health of his loved ones and everything went smoothly.

In his opinion, riches in this life were all due to his hard work. Marriage in this life was also under his control. He had seen too many ups and downs in the business world. He knew how to make a fortune for himself. The only thing he didn't know was how to control marriage. He was afraid that he would be too greedy in this matter. Just like when he started his own business, he couldn't bear to let go of every good project. He wasn't a person who knew how to give up. He didn't know how far he would go in the future.

At his side, Su Yingxue was clearly a lot more pious than him. Her every posture was very serious. She didn't make a sound. Her mouth seemed to be mumbling something, similar to Wang Yanan just now.

After worshiping Buddha, Wang Yanan went to the Magic Item Circulation Department to ask for a protective talisman. She even specially asked a Great Master to consecrate it. Although Li Mu didn't really believe it, seeing how pious Su Yingxue was just now, he also asked for a protective talisman. The protective talisman wasn't expensive, but consecration required a bit of incense money. Hu Zhengdao felt that sincerity was effective. He gave her a thousand dollars. Li Mu took out his wallet. Originally, he wanted to give a thousand dollars like Hu Zhengdao. But Su Yingxue at his side was a step ahead. She took out a hundred dollars from his wallet and respectfully placed it in the merit box.

She whispered in Li Mu's ear: "As long as your heart is sincere."

Li Mu nodded. After the Great Master had consecrated the protective talisman, he placed it in the palm of Su Yingxue's hand.

Coming out of Harmony Palace, Li Mu sent Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan to the hospital. He said his goodbyes to them: "We'll be leaving tomorrow morning. Take good care of Auntie. If there's anything you need help with, contact me immediately."

Hu Zhengdao nodded slightly and said: "Third Brother, be careful on the road. Sister-in-law, keep an eye on him. Don't let him drive when he's tired."

Su Yingxue calmly accepted the way Hu Zhengdao called her just now. She nodded and said: "I will. Don't worry."

After a simple farewell, Li Mu drove Su Yingxue away from the hospital. The two went to the shopping mall to buy a lot of things. Most of them were bought by Li Mu for his family. Su Yingxue only bought a few boxes of pastries in Daoxiang Village. Li Mu rushed to pay the money and said: "We can't just buy some food when we go home. How about we buy something for Uncle and Auntie?"

Su Yingxue smiled slightly: "It's not like I'm already working. Right now I'm still spending the family's money. It's quite awkward to use the family's money to buy things for the family. Buying some pastries for the elderly is enough."

Li Mu said: "Why don't you give me a chance to curry favor with father-in-law?"

Su Yingxue covered her mouth and laughed: "If you curry favor with him now, he won't return the favor. It might even have the opposite effect. Right now in their eyes I'm still a child. They even give me New Year's money. Just let me play the role of a child."