Chapter 267

The traffic on the wide Chang 'an Street was endless, but fortunately, it was orderly. Except for a few traffic lights, there were no signs of traffic jams.

When they were approaching Tiananmen Square, they first saw the dark red brick walls of the Forbidden City. Li Mu reminded, "We're almost at Tiananmen Square."

In the rearview mirror, Yan Nan's mother couldn't help but sit up straight.

This was the first time she was brought to Yanjing by her daughter for treatment. Today was the first time she saw Tiananmen Square. After all, it was the royal palace of the Ming and Qing Dynasties and an important landmark in the modern history of China. Therefore, the Forbidden City had an extraordinary position in the hearts of the people. Especially for people of her age, it almost represented the highest respect of the entire young generation.

When passing by Tiananmen Square, Li Mu deliberately slowed down the car. However, after all, they couldn't pull over, so they quickly drove past Tiananmen Square. Li Mu said, "There's a north-south alley in front where we can park. Should we park there and walk over to have a look?"

Wang Yanan asked her mother, "Mom, do you think you can walk?"

"Yes," Yan Nan's mother said with a smile, "Accompany me for a walk."

Zhao Ziqiu turned her head and said, "Auntie, we'll accompany you."

Yan Nan's mother nodded with relief, but her heart was filled with sorrow.

Recently, she often had a hypothesis in her heart. If it weren't for her daughter, she might not have survived this. If it weren't for her daughter who fell in love behind her back and became a couple with Hu Zhengdao, Li Mu wouldn't have been able to borrow so much money for her treatment. She had always felt guilty about this matter. Her two children who had just entered university owed so much for her, and her illness was a bottomless pit. Who knew when she would pass away one day, leaving behind a bottomless pit for her two children who didn't know how long it would take to fill it up?

However, in addition to feeling sad, she often felt lucky for her daughter. Her daughter had better taste than her. Hu Zhengdao was so young, and he had only been with her for a few months.

He could resolutely shoulder such a heavy burden for her and her daughter. Not to mention anything else, this boy was worth relying on. Some people might not even be able to polish their eyes after living for decades.

Finding such a good partner was his daughter's greatest happiness.

Li Mu found a place to park the car, and the five of them got out together and walked back to Tiananmen Gate. Wang Yanan and Zhao Ziqiu supported Yanan's mother, one on the left and the other on the right.

Li Mu and Hu Zhengdao walked behind them. Hu Zhengdao deliberately slowed down a few steps. Li Mu sensed his abnormality and thought that Hu Zhengdao might have something to say to him, so he deliberately slowed down as well.

When they were about twenty meters away from the three women in front of them, Hu Zhengdao said in a low voice, "Mu Ge, do you have any way to make money outside?"

Li Mu asked him, "Why are you asking about this?"

Hu Zhengdao pursed his lips and hesitated for a moment, but still said, "Yanan's mother's medical expenses and daily living expenses are quite high, and the money you borrowed from me has already been spent. If it's just me and Yanan tutoring on 3321, I'm afraid we won't be able to make enough money.

I'm afraid the money won't be enough. I'm thinking … I'm thinking, if you have other ways to make money, can you bring me along? I'll do whatever you want me to do. I won't say a word to anyone else. "

Li Mu took a deep breath and said, "Don't worry about the money for Auntie's medical expenses. If you don't have enough money, just let me know."

Hu Zhengdao said, "I feel bad for always borrowing money from you."

Li Mu said, "I have an Internet company outside.

But to be honest, there's nothing you can do. It's all very professional positions. "

Hu Zhengdao nodded slightly, looking a little down.

Suddenly, Li Mu thought of cheats.

Now that he and Zhao Kang were selling cheats together, they were making a lot of money, but Zhao Kang's core team of Douban hadn't spread out in cities all over the country, and there were still many empty markets. Should he bring Hu Zhengdao in and let him give it a try?

Li Mu had this idea before, but he quickly dispelled it.

There was no other reason. Cheats were gray now, and they would be black in the future. Even if he stopped before he was convicted of cheating, if people found out about his past, it would still be used as a black history to smear his name. Zhao Kang had absolute trust in himself, but although it wasn't that he didn't trust Hu Zhengdao, he still had some misgivings in his heart.

Misgivings because he didn't know enough.

The two of them had nothing to do with each other in their past lives, and in this life, the two of them had just slept together …

Li Mu suddenly began to feel conflicted. On one hand, he wanted to bring Hu Zhengdao in to give him a chance to earn money, and also to cultivate a trustworthy helper. Right now, he didn't have many trustworthy people around him, and he had to do many things himself. On the other hand, he was worried that Hu Zhengdao would exceed his expectations in the future, and he was afraid that Hu Zhengdao would leak his secrets and bring him unnecessary trouble.

After hesitating for a few seconds, Hu Zhengdao sighed and said, "If I knew this would happen, I would have studied computer science …"

Li Mu saw him sighing, and he suddenly felt a little self-deprecating in his heart.

Why was he so conflicted? He didn't have any courage at all. When Hu Zhengdao took on the responsibility of Wang Yanan's mother, he didn't seem to be as conflicted as he was now. There must be a process of trust from distrust to trust. Putting aside the fact that he didn't know Hu Zhengdao for a long time, he carefully thought about all the details of this person's behavior, and he basically couldn't find any fault with him.

A young man whose actual age was less than 20 years old, and he couldn't find any fault with him, as a person with more than 30 years of life experience. Wasn't he worthy of his trust?

What's more, the reason why he wanted to cover up the matter of cheating was actually because of his own obsession with cleanliness. He did not want people to use cheating to disgust him after he became famous in the future. However, which of the big names in the Internet industry did not have a dark history?

Li Yanhong's ranking bidding system and trampling on copyrights made countless people angry. Once upon a time, Tencent was also said to be a company that only knew how to copy, and Ma Huateng was even mocked and ridiculed for more than 10 years. As for Ma Yun, when he appeared on the cover of Forbes magazine, the Americans wrote this sentence: His 200 billion empire built on fake goods …

As for Zhou Hongyi's "dark history" of making rogue software, Lei Jun's "dark history" of bragging and false advertising, it was not even worth mentioning.

So many big names had different dark histories, but they were still respected by countless people in the future. Why should he be conflicted because of Hu Zhengdao and be too cautious?

He still had to have the courage to use people without suspicion. If he couldn't let go of his nature, he might really be able to surpass these big names in the future. As long as he kept his moral bottom line and did not let himself down, it would be fine.

So, Li Mu said to Hu Zhengdao, "I still have a small business outside. It's not illegal now, but it might break the law in the future. But before I really break the law, I will definitely get out of it. Are you interested?"

Hu Zhengdao stopped in his tracks and stared at Li Mu without blinking. He said solemnly, "Count me in. Just tell me."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's hard to explain in a few sentences. We'll talk about it later."

Hu Zhengdao nodded and said with red eyes, "Mu Ge, thank you."

Li Mu patted him on the shoulder and said with a smile, "I'm not talking about me helping you, but you doing something for me. I'll pay you. It's a fair deal. Don't always say thank you."

Hu Zhengdao responded and said, "I understand, Mu Ge."

Li Mu said, "Okay, let's walk faster. They're way ahead of us." As he said that, he quickened his pace.

Hu Zhengdao nodded and followed. He casually asked Li Mu, "That car you just drove, it's yours, right?"

Li Mu asked him with a smile, "How did you know?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "I looked at the mileage. It's only a thousand kilometers, and the gas meter is half empty. I roughly learned about car rentals in the past two days. They usually rent out the car after filling up the gas tank and returning it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're quite observant. But you just have to keep this in your heart."

Hu Zheng nodded and said, "I understand."

Yanan's mother's mental state and complexion were very good. She didn't seem to be out of breath even after walking a few hundred meters to Tiananmen Square. Wang Yanan was a little annoyed that she didn't bring her camera. Li Mu looked around the square in front of Tiananmen Square before he found a paid photographer with a Polaroid camera.

He paid 20 yuan to take a photo. Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu, and Hu Zhengdao were not ready to enter the picture. Yanan asked everyone to take a photo together. Even Yanan's mother said that she wanted everyone to take a photo with her. Li Mu said, "Then let's take a few more photos. The four of us will take one with Auntie. Later, Zhengdao and Yanan will also take one with Auntie. Then, we'll take one for both Yanan and Auntie."

Everyone happily agreed. The five of them took one photo first. Then, Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan accompanied Yanan's mother to take another photo.

Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu stood behind the photographer. Seeing the three of them smiling and taking photos like a family, they felt a little emotional. When Yanan accompanied her mother to take a photo, Zhao Ziqiu whispered to Li Mu, "Let's take a photo together, okay?"

Li Mu looked sideways and found that the elf-like girl beside him was looking at him expectantly with a pair of big watery eyes.

Standing under the white marble table, Li Mu didn't refuse. He said to the photographer who had just finished taking photos, "Please take one for both of us."

The photographer happily agreed. On this slightly cold night, such a wave of business made him feel especially good. He took a few steps back, raised his camera, and said to Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu, "Come closer. Miss, you can hold your boyfriend's arm. This way, the photo will look better."

Zhao Ziqiu blushed and held Li Mu's arm with both hands. At first, Li Mu only felt that his face was a little stiff, but now, his body stiffened.