Chapter 1305

For the top rich in the United States, they had rich experience in doing charity. Almost every rich person had more than one charity foundation under their name. Some foundations were used to help specific groups of people, and some were used for some public welfare projects or scientific research projects that were helpful to mankind.

Americans had long been accustomed to the ways of the rich in the United States doing charity, so the social influence that the rich in the United States could bring was not great. In addition, Li Mu's speech at Harvard revealed the "charity foundation" of the top rich made many fake charities and real tax-evasion foundations be seen through by the discerning people. Therefore, society was even more disapproving of the actions of the rich in charity foundations.

Before the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation was exposed, the rich in the United States could not believe that taking 100 million yuan to set up a charity foundation could cause such great recognition, response, and strong support in society.

The social influence that the Undying Veterans Charity Foundation brought to Li Mu could be said to have completely surpassed all the private charity foundations in the world. It had completely sublimated to a whole new level. It made those rich people who had a lot of money and hoped to be recognized by the greater society feel both stunned and envious.

Now, the eyes of the people had indeed become bright. It was no longer meaningful to simply ride on the popularity, so some people set their eyes on Li Mu.

Li Mu was the founder of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. This foundation had given him great recognition in Hua Xia and even the world. If at this time, they could join forces with Li Mu to set up the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation in other countries, then the public's attitude towards this charity foundation would inevitably improve a lot.

If they wanted to ride on Li Mu's popularity, they could only achieve the greatest effect if they got the approval of Li Mu himself.

Within a day, Li Mu received direct contact from several top rich people in the United States, including the world's richest man, Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Google's founder, Larry Page, and Oracle's boss, Larry Ellison. They called Li Mu one after another and sincerely requested to cooperate with Li Mu on the phone to set up the "Veterans Never Die-American Charity Foundation" in the United States.

The specific needs of these big shots were quite consistent. They all hoped that this foundation could be nominally attached to Li Mu's Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. In this way, the purity of the bloodline could be guaranteed. In addition, they also hoped that the foundation could remain independent in actual operation. Although they said that it would remain independent, in fact, the subtext was that all the specific operation of this foundation had nothing to do with Li Mu. Li Mu did not need it, nor was he qualified to dictate what to do.

These big shots also knew that it was not appropriate to take advantage of this kind of thing, so they also offered their own "prices." Bill Gates was willing to donate 10 million US dollars to Li Mu's Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. Buffett was willing to donate 15 million US dollars. Larry Page and Larry Ellison both offered in RMB, and the price was 100 million RMB.

The reason why they chose the price of 100 million RMB was probably because they saw the news report and knew that Li Mu had used 100 million RMB to establish the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. So they also offered this price, and at the same time, they thought that they were already very generous.

Li Mu was particularly unhappy with the behavior of these "big shots." The first reason he was unhappy was that he felt that this group of people placed too much importance on reputation. In their eyes, the primary purpose of charity might be reputation, followed by what kind of help charity could bring to the needy groups. The second reason he was unhappy was that these big shots seemed to treat him as a child.

In other words, they underestimated their size and their appetite.

Li Mu was indeed a rising star among the world's rich people, and he was also the youngest one. Most importantly, although Li Mu's net worth could already be ranked among these big shots, because most of Li Mu's business was in Hua Xia, these big shots did not have enough understanding of him.

Moreover, if they wanted to "buy" the charity project in his hands with 10 million US dollars or 100 million RMB, Li Mu felt that they were thinking too much, and he was also stupid.

Therefore, Li Mu made a decision. He decided to personally bring the "Veterans Never Die" charity project to the United States. However, his energy was indeed limited, and Liu Xinying did not have the time, so Li Mu thought of a new way.

…

On the morning of the "Veterans Never Die – Hua Xia Internet Industry Spring City Charity Night," Li Mu called Elon Musk.

It was night time in the United States, and Elon Musk received a call from Li Mu. He congratulated him as soon as he got on the phone, "Li Zong, I really have to congratulate you!

Your 'Veterans Never Die' charity project is really popular in the United States. There are comments praising you and this charity project everywhere in the United States. You are now definitely the most respected and recognized entrepreneur in the United States. Even the local entrepreneurs in the United States can't compare to you. From the perspective of social influence, this project is really too successful. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "When doing charity, as long as you put your heart into it, it is inevitable that you will be recognized by the society. Although I am not doing charity for my reputation, this feeling is quite good now. At least I can influence many rich people and make them interested in charity."

Elon Musk laughed and said, "I heard that many big shots in the United States are contacting you, hoping to borrow your fame. What conditions did they offer you?"

Li Mu said, "None of their conditions interested me, but they gave me some inspiration."

As he said this, Li Mu asked Elon Musk, "Elon, how much cash do you have on hand right now?"

"Cash?"

Elon Musk said awkwardly, "Not much. I used the cash I got from selling my PayPal shares to invest and manage my finances. I also paid off some of my debts. I still have tens of millions of dollars left."

Speaking up to this point, Elon Musk asked again, "Li Zong, why are you asking this?"

Li Mu grunted and suddenly asked him, "Are you interested in taking out five million dollars? I will get Makino Technology's American subsidiary to take out another five million dollars, and we will set up a Veterans Never Die charity foundation in the United States?"

Elon Musk was momentarily stunned.

His current net worth in the United States was still far from the top tycoons, but he was very well-informed. When the American tycoons wanted to set up a charity foundation similar to the Veterans Never Die charity in the United States, he had already captured the intentions of these big shots. Today, he also heard that several top tycoons had already contacted Li Mu, hoping to get the derivative of the Veterans Never Die project from Li Mu's hands. The price that these tycoons offered was quite generous. Not only did they promise to invest a considerable amount of money into the foundation, but they also promised to give Li Mu a certain amount of "copyright fees."

But he never expected that Li Mu would take the initiative to take out this project and work with him.

The astonished Elon Musk asked after a long time, "Li Zong, why me?"

Li Mu said, "Because I know you best."

Elon Musk said again, "But they should have all given you a very good offer …"

Li Mu snorted and asked him in return, "What kind of bullsh * t do you think I need them to give me?"

Elon Musk instantly understood!

So that was it!

Although Li Mu was young, it did not mean that he was immature, nor did it mean that he really had to respect the old and care for the young in this circle of the top tycoons. Although it was a little rude to reject the olive branch thrown at him, he really did not need the top tycoons to give him any kind of offer. Although everyone's age was different, their net worth and future development were not that different.

Then, Li Mu continued, "Makino Technology has just entered the American market, and there's still a long way to go in the future. Not only do I hope that YY can gain a foothold in the United States and develop in the long run, but I also hope that Makino Technology can become an Internet company that is accepted, welcomed, and respected by the American people. This opportunity to set up a charity foundation is the best choice for Makino Technology. It will allow Makino Technology to gain enough respect in the United States."

"Of course!"

Elon Musk said, "If that's the case, it's best if Muye Technologies runs this project on its own. You don't have to get me involved!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Elon, we're friends. I admire you very much, and I believe that there will be many collaborative projects between us in the future. I hope that we can be closely bound together in the future, so this foundation will be the beginning of our collaboration. If you're interested, give me a clear answer, and I'll get Xue Qingying to contact you immediately to discuss the follow-up matters. If you're not willing, I won't force it."

Li Mu was a few years younger than Elon Musk, but he said the words "I admire you very much" very naturally, and Elon Musk didn't feel anything out of place. Although Li Mu was much younger than him, he was indeed more successful than him. Therefore, to receive such a direct affirmation from him, Elon Musk felt very good.

At the same time, Elon Musk was also very clear that Li Mu's words were more of a kind of solicitation. He hoped that in the future, he could be bound together with him and Makino Technology.

For Elon Musk, he also hoped to be able to become a community of common interests with Li Mu. It would be best if he could cooperate with him more. The most ideal situation was naturally to become an equal and equal partner with Li Mu. However, this was not very realistic, after all. With Li Mu's current status and status, he no longer needed an equal partner. What he needed was an equal follower.

Li Mu was the builder of an ecosystem. This ecosystem was like a towering tree in the forest. In the process of growth, it wouldn't and didn't need to cooperate with towering trees of the same level or higher than it. What it needed was to continue to grow taller and flourish while nurturing more creatures in its own tree.

It needed birds in the treetops, monkeys in the branches, squirrels in the tree holes, mushrooms under the roots, and moss in the shade.

These were all dependents of the towering tree, part of the ecosystem of the towering tree.