Chapter 258

In Boss Li's eyes, Li Mu had come up with two plans of one day and one land, and one life and one death, and these two plans were equally paranoid and radical, which made him feel that there was nothing wrong with it. Paranoid people were all like this. One thought was a genius, and the other thought was a fool. This kind of people was especially obvious in the war years. The most typical example was the fascist leader Hitler. The military concept of blitzkrieg was the first motorization of modern warfare, but it also committed the military taboo of fighting on two fronts, which eventually led to failure.

In fact, Li Zong does not know that he is also a paranoid person.

One year in the future, when Baidu achieved great success, Li Mu read Li Zong's autobiography. In that autobiography, Li Zong was most satisfied with his many years in the Internet industry: focus. He said that Baidu is a company that focuses on search, and he only does search-related businesses. He disdains games and e-commerce.

But later, when Baidu realized that what it really lacked was a complete ecosystem, it tried desperately to perfect itself, but it was too late. Because of its so-called focus, Baidu missed out on e-commerce and gaming, the two super sectors of the Internet industry. Later, when O2O became popular, Tencent and Ali started to compete with each other in the mobile car hailing industry, all the way to the takeout and group buying industry. The competition was in full swing, and Baidu realized that it had fallen behind. It tried desperately to catch up and invest heavily in O2O, but it was too late.

Boss Li saw extreme paranoia in Li Mu, and he even forgot that the blood of paranoia flowed in his veins. He just felt that this young man was finally more like a mortal, because mortals would make mistakes. But Li Mu, from starting the Easy Listening Net to starting the Tieba Forum to establishing Mu Mu Mu Ye Technology and 3321, had never made a mistake in any of his major decisions.

Moreover, Li Mu was very optimistic about the MP3 player today, which almost made him doubt Li Mu, a young man less than 20 years old, had such courage and vision. But now he felt that

But now, he felt that Li Mu also made mistakes. For example, he was extremely optimistic about navigation websites.

Li Zong said, "I have a different view from you on the future of navigation websites. I feel that this product's ceiling is very easy to reach.

Also, it is purely a product for the basic form of the Internet, and it will be eliminated sooner or later. "

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "That is because you ignored its huge potential in terms of traffic gathering. With it, millions or even tens of millions of netizens can reach it every day.

If you want to make use of this traffic entrance and provide in-depth services, it will definitely stir up the entire Internet industry. "

Boss Li was so directly denied by Li Mu that he felt a little unsettled in his heart, and his tone became a little cold. "The navigation station does not have any products of its own. It is just a hyperlink concentration camp. Except for the traffic and a bunch of hyperlinks, it is an empty shell. You want to do in-depth services on the basis of an empty shell.

If you want to provide in-depth services based on an empty shell, it means that you need to develop and perfect every service and every product by yourself. The cost of manpower and material resources is very high, and if the capital chain breaks in the middle, the only outcome is death! "

Li Mu frowned. "Who told you that death is the only outcome?

What if I can survive? "

Li Zong was also angry, and he said sternly, "According to what you said, your survival rate is pitifully low, less than 30%!

Hao123 is already the overlord of the industry, and it is too difficult to surpass him. He has traffic, reputation, and cash flow from advertisements. What about you?

If you really start burning money.

Will the money in your account be enough for you to burn for three months?

Even if you sell all the advertising slots on Tieba, how much profit can you bring in?

"You have to understand, as long as your traffic is lower than Hao123, your traffic and income will not be equal.

Let's say that Hao123 can earn 100,000 a month from one million traffic, and you have 800,000 traffic, you can't even earn 50,000 a month. Most importantly, you have to keep spending money to buy traffic to surpass Hao123. But think about it.

Will Hao123 sit still and wait for death?

He is a low-asset, high-return project, unlike you who is still dragging Makino Technology. He can earn hundreds of thousands a month, and the cost is less than one-tenth. What about you?

If he also spends money to buy traffic to compete with you, what will you do?

If he gets angry and also raises funds, what will you do?

What advantage do you have? "

Faced with Li Zong's series of questions, Li Mu snorted coldly, and said in an unfriendly tone, "My advantage is my brain!

I have absolute confidence that I can take down Hao123 in 2002. As long as you agree to increase the investment, I will have no problem! "

"Impossible!"

Li Zong flatly refused, "In this situation, we absolutely cannot increase the investment. This kind of investment is a bottomless pit. If we use money to smash this bottomless pit, the investors will completely lose confidence in Makino Technology. When that happens, it will be hard for you to even get a Series B financing!"

Li Mu also showed an attitude that he would not be convinced. He said with a dagger drawn, "I am the major shareholder, and I request to increase the investment. If you refuse, then I will work with another shareholder to increase the investment. By then, your shares will be diluted according to how much we increase the investment!"

Li Zong said, "Don't worry, the current valuation of Makino Technology is at least 300 million. If you want to increase the investment by 20 million, it will only be 200,000 if we average out each point. Baidu only needs to invest 2 million. If we refuse to invest this 2 million, you can convert it according to the current valuation, and we will not lose too much."

Li Mu said coldly, "Li Zong, you weren't there when we signed the contract back then, right?

In the contract we signed with Mr. Tan, it clearly states that if there is a dispute over shares or capital increase, we agree to settle it according to the company's previous financing valuation, and not according to the market value. So I'm telling you clearly, if you refuse to increase the investment, and I and the other shareholders increase the investment by 20 million, your shares will almost be cut in half! "

Li Zong's expression froze. He turned to Tan Yaocheng and asked, "Is this how we signed the contract?"

Tan Yaocheng nodded awkwardly. "I told you about the situation back then. Li Mu is more aggressive in this area. At that time, you said that to ensure the success of the financing, some issues can be compromised …"

Li Zong's face instantly darkened. "Are you trying to kidnap us?"

Li Mu said expressionlessly, "As I said, you don't have to increase the investment. Just wait for the dilution."

Li Zong thought for a moment with a cold face. Li Mu was a major shareholder, and he had the absolute right to ask for an increase in the investment. If he agreed to increase the investment, everyone would contribute their respective shares in proportion. If he refused, it would be normal for the shares to be diluted. However, Li Zong was very conflicted now. The MP3 business was really promising, but the navigation website project was really bleak. He didn't want to invest in Makino Technology and experience success and failure at the same time. However, if he refused the investment, the proportion of Baidu in these two businesses would be diluted, and that would be even more painful.

Li Mu's plan for the navigation website was too dangerous, and if Li Mu wanted to split the branch company, he would have to increase the investment first. Wasn't this a trap?

If he could split it first, put the Easy Listening website in another shell, and then ask for an increase in the name of Makino Technology, he would not be so conflicted now. At most, he would let him dilute the shares of Makino Technology. Anyway, there was no future plan, and it was very likely that it would drag down the Tieba forum. Therefore, he did not care so much, as long as he could keep the 10% of the Easy Listening website.

Thinking of this, a few rays of light suddenly flashed in Li Zong's eyes. He suddenly thought of a possibility. It was the most common dilemma that businessmen who fought on two fronts often fell into — to rob Peter to pay Paul.

If Li Mu fell into the quagmire of the navigation website in the future, if no one was willing to continue investing in Makino Technology, his Makino Technology would be on the verge of death. With Li Mu's paranoia, he would definitely not let his project die. He would definitely find a way to raise funds to maintain the navigation website and wait for the dawn to come.

The most obvious choice for Li Mu at that time was to transfer the shares of the Easy Listening website and then invest in Makino Technology.

If Baidu could take over at that time and use Li Mu's dilemma of fighting on two fronts, it would be very easy to get more shares of the Easy Listening website. It was even possible to get the controlling stake.

With this in mind, Li Zong did not think that Li Mu's paranoia was a bad thing. He pretended to ponder and was silent for a long time before saying to Li Mu, "How about this? If you insist on splitting up, then we won't interfere anymore. However, our only request is that you increase the capital after the split."

When Li Zong said this, Li Mu was so excited that he almost exposed himself.

He understood what Li Zong meant. He no longer wanted to stay on the ship of Makino Technology. Since Mu Ye wanted to split into two ships, he wanted to shift his focus to the Easy Listening website. Since Mu Ye could not make the decision and did not want to be a spendthrift, he could be in a state of semi-abandonment and let Li Mu do whatever he wanted. As long as he ensured the momentum of the Easy Listening website's development, he could guarantee the return on his investment.

This was better than what Li Mu had expected. He originally wanted to intensify the conflict first and then take the initiative to split up when the conflict reached an irreconcilable point. However, he did not expect that Li Zong had already expressed this intention. The situation seemed to be more active.

Li Mu suppressed the excitement in his heart but deliberately pretended to be very dissatisfied. He asked, "Li Zong, what do you mean?

Are you that pessimistic about my plans for the future of Makino Technology? "

Li Zong smiled awkwardly. "It's not that I'm pessimistic. It's just that our focus is different. To be honest, I'm interested in the navigation station, but I'm definitely not going to do it myself."

Li Mu asked, "Then you want me to split up first. Does that mean that you won't participate in the matter of increasing the capital of Makino Technology and doing the navigation website after I split up?"

Li Zong knew that he could not hide it from Li Mu. Now that he had no say in Makino Technology, he could only speak to Li Mu, so he nodded and said, "To be honest, I really don't want to participate."