Chapter 1177

It would take at least 20 hours to travel from northern New Zealand to Los Angeles.

Li Mu had been biding his time. He had only leaked the plot of "The Last Samurai." The next step was to escalate the situation. However, Li Mu was not in a hurry at all.

To kill an enemy, only a blunt knife was satisfying!

From eight o'clock in the evening in Los Angeles until nine o'clock the next morning, the only hot topic on the Internet in the United States was the leak of the plot of "The Last Samurai."

At nine o'clock sharp, YY's news pop-up window in North America listed the news as the headline. YY was the largest and most powerful information delivery platform on the Internet today. YY's push had officially pushed the influence of the leak to the peak.

YY's pop-up window was not Li Mu's idea. After all, YY's English portal had been launched long ago. Its positioning was to be the largest, best, and fastest news portal. Therefore, putting such a piece of news on the front page was something they would naturally do given their professionalism. It was not just YY. Basically, the headlines of all the morning newspapers were related to this incident.

At this moment, Edward was still on a flight from New Zealand to Los Angeles.

Mayer, the CEO of Warner Bros., had not slept all night. If such a problem had happened to any other film, Mayer would not have been so nervous. However, it was different this time. For Warner Bros., this was not just a simple commercial film. It was backed by a powerful Japanese conglomerate. If the film was a good one, had a high box office, and had a great influence, Warner Bros. would definitely benefit in the future. However, if the film was a failure, even if Warner Bros. did not suffer deliberate retaliation, they would at least lose a great opportunity to take off.

Therefore, under such circumstances, Mayer could not help but be nervous.

Up until now, Mayer had lost count of how many cups of coffee he had drunk, but his nervousness had not been alleviated.

Just before he called Edward last night, the Japanese conglomerate had scolded him harshly and asked him to solve the matter as soon as possible. They had asked him to do everything possible to minimize the impact of the incident. Then, the conglomerate hung up the phone rudely and never called again.

Just as Mayer picked up another cup of coffee, his secretary rushed into the office and said in a panic, "Mr. Mayer, something bad has happened!"

"What's wrong?" Meyer was startled and almost spilled coffee on her white shirt.

The secretary said breathlessly, "YY!

The YY message had been sent out!

The leak of our script made the headlines! "

"Pa …"

Meyer's coffee fell from his hand and smashed onto the table. The hot coffee splashed all over his body and face.

The scorching pain made him cry out involuntarily. The secretary hurriedly took out a tissue to help him wipe it off. Meyer's body was in unbearable pain, but he didn't care about it at all. He just cursed angrily, "Damn YY!

Their reaction speed is too fast! "

As the secretary wiped, she said, "Mr. Meyer, the Los Angeles Morning Post is already on the front page at six o 'clock. The efficiency of YY isn't that fast, because they always have news popping up at nine o' clock every morning …"

"But that's a fantasy!"

Meyer scolded angrily, "If it was the Los Angeles Morning News, I wouldn't care about it. But YY has global coverage!

Aren't you just adding fuel to the fire?! "

The secretary saw that Meyer was gritting his teeth in anger and didn't dare to say anything else.

Meyer sent her away and took off her dirty shirt. She was so worried that she was about to die. That damned Edward wasn't here yet. How was she going to explain things to the Japanese investors now that things had gotten out of hand?

Or rather, how was he going to satisfy the Japanese investors?

Just as he was at a loss for what to do, the phone on the table rang.

He picked up the phone, and the secretary's voice came through. "Mr. Meyer, it's Mr. Hata on line two …"

"Mr. Hata …" Meyer's scalp went numb, and he instantly panicked.

However, after a moment, Meyer still forced himself to say, "Okay, put it through."

He switched to line two and picked up the phone. Before the other party could make things difficult for him, Meyer hurriedly said in a low voice, "Mr. Hata, don't be anxious. I've already asked the director to rush back. I'll definitely investigate this matter thoroughly and give you a satisfactory explanation!"

After saying this, Meyer waited for the other party to roar angrily. When this Hata scolded someone, his voice was sharp and ear-piercing, like a hound from hell. It made people want to die. Now that the situation was escalating, Meyer was sure that the other party would be even angrier.

However, what Meyer didn't expect was that this time, the other party wasn't angry at all. Instead, he snorted a few times and said in English with a strong Japanese accent, "Meyer, my friend, don't be so worried. I'm not going to pursue this matter anymore. Don't worry!"

This time, Meyer was dumbfounded.

Not going to pursue?

The other party had almost scolded him over the phone yesterday, and he was not going to pursue it today?

Did he take the wrong medicine?

Meyer couldn't help but ask carefully, "Mr. Hata, are you really not going to pursue it anymore?"

"I'm not going to pursue it anymore."

Hata laughed and said, "Meyer, things are starting to develop in a good direction now. Hua Xia and the others have helped us a lot. Since even YY has put this matter on the headlines, it means that our movie is now known by everyone in North America. This is a good thing. Although we will lose a certain percentage of the box office, it has saved us a lot of money for publicity. With so many people knowing about this movie, even if the conversion rate of the box office is reduced, with such a large base number, I believe that the box office will be higher than we expected in the future. And as you know, my goal is not the box office, but the influence!

Now, we're halfway there!

This is really a big surprise! "

Meyer didn't expect Hata to value the influence so much. But from the looks of it, as long as Hata was satisfied, that would be for the best. She could also breathe a sigh of relief.

So, Meyer asked Hata, "Mr. Hata, are we still going to continue filming?"

"Of course!

Continue filming!

Tell everyone to focus on filming, don't have any psychological burden! "

Meyer asked again, "Then how are we going to respond to this incident?"

Hata smiled and said, "That's the most important reason why I called you."

Then, Hata added, "When Edward arrives in Los Angeles, immediately organize a press conference. At the press conference, you will generously admit that the plot revealed on the Internet is true. Then, tell the reporters that you will not be affected by this incident and will definitely make the movie the best it can be. When that time comes, I will get all the major media outlets to add fuel to the fire. After the press conference, our movie is very likely to be famous all over the world!"

Meyer was so excited that tears almost flowed down his cheeks.

He didn't expect that Hata would not pursue his responsibility and mistakes in this matter just because of the headlines. This made him feel like he was reborn. The huge rock in his heart instantly disappeared without a trace. After hanging up the phone with Hata, he immediately got up and prepared to go home to rest. He hadn't slept for a day and night, and now he just wanted to have a good sleep.

Outside the door, Meyer said to his secretary excitedly, "Susan, there are two things I need to do. One is to immediately communicate with the public relations department and prepare to hold a press conference. The press conference will be held at ten o 'clock tomorrow morning. Ask the public relations department to invite all the media outlets that can be invited. In addition, if Edward arrives, tell him not to worry too much. Let him rest first and wait for my call. I will talk to him in person tonight."

The secretary didn't know why Meyer was suddenly so happy, but she still nodded very seriously and said, "Okay, Mr. Meyer. I will arrange it now."

…

In the past ten hours, Li Mu had been immersed in one thing.

He was continuously developing a script. He wanted to completely develop the script in 24 hours.

When the time came, he would input the hundreds of words and comments that he had written into the script and make preparations. Then, the script would automatically be ready to be uploaded to the proxy server in the United States in a stealthy way. At that time, as long as he clicked "Run", the script would automatically send the prepared content to the designated website.

At the same time, Li Mu was also very curious about what kind of crisis PR Warner would come up with.

In his opinion, there were only two ways:

The first was to jump out and deny the authenticity of the script, then change the script of "The Last Samurai" at the last minute. However, the possibility of this was basically negligible.

This was because this movie had already been shooting for more than two months. This kind of movie, which didn't have many special effects and had a grand scene, had already spent a lot of time, energy, and money on various kinds of preparations. The budget of 140 million US dollars had probably already been spent 80 to 90 million US dollars, or even 100 million US dollars. If they changed the script now, they would have to start all over again.

The second way was to admit the authenticity of the script, but not make any changes to the script, and continue shooting. In Li Mu's opinion, this was the most likely scenario.

Although admitting the authenticity of the script would cause a loss in the box office, it would save them the trouble of changing the script and reshooting. Also, Li Mu gave them a lot of room to operate. Now that the influence of the incident was increasing, as long as they seized this opportunity to win the favor of the audience, even if the script was leaked, it would still be a blessing in disguise. After all, this matter had already become an extremely popular topic, and this was a good opportunity for promotion.

In Li Mu's plan, the best outcome was for Warner to come out and admit that the leaked script was true. Because as long as they admitted the authenticity of the script, Li Mu would be able to launch a series of nuclear attacks.

Otherwise, if they didn't admit that the script was real, it would be very difficult for him to use the argument of ideology and nationalism to attack them.

However, Li Mu firmly believed that Warner would fall into his trap. He had personally planned so many scenarios, and he had never made a mistake!

…

PS: It's already midnight!

Although Buge's work hadn't been easy at all, he had still been updating for 374 days. Now, he had to force himself to increase his update speed!

He only hoped that everyone would continue to subscribe to the original version. Buge would be very grateful, and he would work hard to repay everyone with better plots and more updates!