Chapter 1132

Li Mu: How to Stifle a Movement's Progress was Li Mu's first blog post after he officially threw out the concept of "self-media". It was also the first free point of view he issued to the whole society after he officially played the role of "self-media".

Thanks to Li Mu's great influence, this article immediately attracted the attention of the whole Internet after it was posted.

In this article, Li Mu did not directly explain the relationship between the Mu Ying ticketing system and the film company, nor did he directly discuss the situation of being slandered and reported by the film company. Instead, he used a story that was relatively unfamiliar to the Chinese people as the beginning of the whole article.

The story Li Mu described in the article was the story between Edison, whom the people of Hua Xia knew very well, and Tesla, whom the people of Hua Xia had never heard of.

Edison was a highly respected scientist in the country. Textbooks and folktales gave him many labels, such as: born poor, self-reliant, love of science, persevering, low-key and modest, and so on. Each of them was a classic popular element in inspirational stories. Therefore, for a long time, Edison's reputation in the country was extremely high, and he was the object of everyone's admiration and learning.

However, it was not until Elon Musk's Tesla became popular on a global scale that many people began to trace the origin of the brand name "Tesla." Then, they learned about the absolute genius, Nikola Tesla.

Li Mu could be regarded as the first celebrity to openly attack Edison in China. In his article, he introduced in detail how the semi-illiterate Edison, who did not understand calculus and advanced mathematics, attacked and slandered Tesla and the alternating current that Edison vigorously promoted for his own interests and for the popularization of direct current. He even did not hesitate to use the lives of a large number of animals to make people turn pale at the mention of alternating current.

In history, Tesla and his alternating current were almost destroyed by Edison. Alternating current was also called the devil. However, Tesla finally made the world accept the more advanced and scientific alternating current through his unremitting efforts. In the end, Tesla gave up the alternating current patent and the opportunity to become a billionaire.

However, Edison was still unwilling to let him go. He sowed discord and asked Morgan to kick Tesla out of the door. He continued to use all kinds of despicable means to drive Tesla to a dead end. As a result, the genius Tesla eventually died of poverty and illness in a simple hotel.

Since Edison's story and his remarks about geniuses were still in the textbooks, this story instantly shocked all the netizens. They couldn't believe that Edison, whom they had studied and admired since childhood, was actually such a despicable and shameless villain. Moreover, they didn't even know who Tesla was.

If this story was told by someone else, probably no one would believe it. However, this came from Li Mu's personal blog. Everyone hesitated and hesitated. Edison was a great scientist in everyone's eyes. Naturally, Li Mu could not be compared to him. However, in the impression that Li Mu left on everyone, apart from being an internet genius, there was also a very clear label: Li Mu had always been highly responsible for his words and actions. In other words, Li Mu never spoke carelessly to the public about anything.

For a moment, people fell into a strange circle. They did not dare to believe that what Li Mu said was true, and they did not dare to believe that what Li Mu said was false.

Before people could verify the story of Edison, Li Mu's next article began to bring the topic back to the Mu Ying ticketing system. This was the highlight of Li Mu's story today.

In his article, Li Mu introduced the process of the Mu Ying ticketing system from the beginning to the end. In Li Mu's own words, the reason for the birth of this product was: "In order to revolutionize the user's experience in the cinema, Makino Image used a set of unprecedented product logic to complete the process of choosing a cinema, choosing a movie, choosing a seat, and buying a movie ticket online, so that the user can complete all the preparations before watching the movie without leaving home."

"There is no doubt that this is an excellent product that can greatly improve the user's experience. Compared with the traditional solution of buying tickets offline, this system brings great convenience to the user. It can be said that it is ahead of the original product by at least an era. Since it is an excellent product, even if it cannot replace the original product, it should at least be reasonable."

"However, it is like Tesla's alternating current. As soon as it was born, it touched the vested interests of the original product. As a result, not long after the system was launched, it was jointly reported by dozens of film and television companies. For these film and television companies, there are no users' interests or the future of the industry in their eyes. They only care about their own interests!"

"In the hearts of these stupid and short-sighted film and television companies, as long as they can ensure that their interests are not violated, they would rather the development of the industry be stagnant forever!

They would rather the user experience be stagnant forever!

They would rather the national film and television industry and the box office be stagnant forever!

For such selfish people, they are not working hard to create an industry, but trying their best to drag down an innovator and get rid of the innovator as soon as possible! "

"More than a hundred years ago, Edison vividly demonstrated to us how to stifle progress. Today, more than a hundred years later, dozens of film and television companies that jointly reported the Mu Ying ticketing system are following Edison's footsteps. They want to show how to stifle progress again in the Hua Xia film and television industry. They want to eradicate the Mu Ying ticketing system and drag the industry into a quagmire that will never move forward. They want to take advantage of this to keep the cake in their hands. How ridiculous their intentions are!"

"More than a hundred years ago, Edison, who could cover the sky with one hand, finally failed to stop Tesla's alternating current from being popularized in the world. Today, more than a hundred years later, these clown film and television companies can't stop the Mu Ying ticketing system!

They can't stop the progress of the entire Makino Technology!

We will eventually prove to the world that only products that put users first and keep advancing and improving can achieve ultimate success! "

...

Li Mu's "How to Stifle Progress" immediately became a hit on the Internet!

Although a large number of users did not know who was right and who was wrong, Edison and Tesla, they knew that a group of film and television companies with ulterior motives were trying to stifle Li Mu's great innovation in the film and television industry!

Many netizens had used the Mu Ying ticketing system. They knew that this system had subverted the traditional experience of watching movies. They knew that this product, which made "watching movies" online, was as important as YY and Taobao. If these people joined hands to stifle the Mu Ying ticketing system this time, would other great products of Li Mu be stifled by another wave of vested interests in the future?

Almost all netizens were Li Mu's fans. No one wanted to see Li Mu being targeted by such filthy people. Therefore, the netizens were stirred up. Everyone scolded the film and television companies that were not specifically named. Many netizens even posted online solidarity posts to support Li Mu and the Mu Ying ticketing system.

When this blog went viral on the Internet, the bosses of many film and television companies were stunned. None of them had expected that Li Mu would fight back in this way!

Through this article, Li Mu and the Mu Ying ticketing system immediately took the initiative in public opinion, putting these film and television companies in an absolutely passive position.

However, this was far from the end!

At the same time, many interested netizens began to look for information about Edison and Tesla. Some even had to go overseas to look for information in English. However, once the netizens became enthusiastic, their power was unimaginable. After a few hours, a large number of relevant information translated into Chinese appeared on the domestic Internet. This time, Edison's perfect image in Hua Xia collapsed with Li Mu's blog!

As for what kind of person Edison was and the detailed evidence of how he desperately attacked Tesla, Li Mu only mentioned a little bit in "How to Stifle a Movement's Progress". With the concerted efforts of many netizens, a lot of relevant fragmented content was sorted out and gradually presented to the public. At this time, people discovered that Edison, whom they had always admired, was actually such an out-and-out scumbag!

In order to stifle Tesla, Edison did almost everything. Many of his despicable methods were beyond people's imagination!

Immediately, the story of Edison and Tesla set off a huge wave on the Internet in Hua Xia!

Under its impetus, the matter of the Mu Ying ticketing system being jointly reported made the netizens even more furious!

"Li Mu has done so much for us. Now, it's time for us to do something for Li Mu!"

"We absolutely cannot allow this kind of industry scum to hinder the development of the industry!

If this kind of filthy person succeeds, how can we talk about progress in the future? "

"I am a loyal user of the Mu Ying ticketing system. If the film and television industry goes back to its previous state, then I will never go to the cinema again!"

"D * mn, I am a fan of Teacher Li Mu!

Whoever dares to bully Teacher Li Mu is f * cking bullying me! "

"Guru, please find out who the * ssholes of the film and television companies are. I want to fight them one-on-one!

I want to stand up for Teacher Li Mu! "

Very soon, the criticism directed at these film and television companies reached an unprecedented peak!

All the netizens were agitated and hated these film and television companies that were trying to hinder the development of the film and television industry!

Then, the information of every film and television company's boss was published. The netizens didn't know which of these people were involved in the act of killing Shadow Mudra's ticketing system. So, in order to avoid being left out, everyone launched an all-out attack!

The phone numbers of the major film and television companies' bosses were exposed. Then, their phones were immediately bombarded by angry netizens. Apart from calling and scolding them, more netizens who could not get through started bombarding their phones with text messages, forcing all the film and television company bosses to turn off their phones.

The higher-ups also understood what had happened. They immediately issued a document to the higher-ups of the film and television industry, asking them very clearly: Do not obstruct the development and progress of the film and television industry!

Any behavior that goes against the trend must be corrected immediately and remedied. At the same time, the relevant people responsible were warned not to make such a mistake again!

The management quickly took remedial measures: immediately announced the withdrawal of the related punishment decision against the Mu Ying ticketing system. At the same time, all the industry insiders' joint reports were rejected. At the same time, they stated that they would absolutely abide by the market rules and actively promote the development of the industry!

In one night, the situation had been completely changed by Li Mu!

In his hand was a fresh detailed list of all the companies that participated in the joint reports and even smeared the Mu Ying ticketing system online, as well as the relevant people responsible.