Chapter 337

QQ users who had experienced 2002 should know that there was basically no aesthetic design in QQ at this time. Their advertisements were so low-class that even the fonts were the most basic imitation of the Song Dynasty, and they used yellow to create a constantly flashing effect. But from this point, it could be seen that it was impossible for the other party to copy the essence of Happy Farm. Every visual detail of Happy Farm was extremely exquisite in this era. They could copy it, but if they wanted to transplant the design concept to other things, the effect would naturally be much worse.

Although the advertisement had been published, the game had not been released yet. At this time, a large number of fake posts appeared on Tieba, other websites, and forums. Although the content was different, the core point was the same: Happy Farm had hurt the users' hearts by charging fees. Now that they had made room for QQ Fisheries and promised not to sell props and maintain a fair game environment, everyone should give up on Happy Farm and move to QQ Fisheries.

For such posts, Li Mu had long been prepared. Zhao Kang's core members were all administrators of Tieba, so they could delete posts, block accounts, and block IPs in front of their own computers. In addition, they had a large number of fake posts in various Tieba. If they found a post, they would report it immediately and then block it immediately. It would take less than a minute.

As for the external network, it all depended on throwing money at it. Zhao Kang had already used money to build up his own public relations relationship, so even if he couldn't directly control it now, he could hand it over to the relevant people of the platform to solve the problem.

While everyone in the technical department of Makino Technology was waiting, they were also cursing.

Competition is competition. Not only did you imitate me, but you also came to undermine me. This is too much!

Kong Lingyu said, "Boss, we can control the comments on the Internet, but we can't control their hard advertising. They are using every dialog box to promote QQ Fisheries. After it is released, the number of users will increase very quickly."

Li Mu nodded and said, "They have their own users and channels. We can stop them on the Internet, but when it comes to their own products, we can't do anything. Since they have put so much effort into their products, at least we can guarantee that most QQ users will go to the QQ Fishery to see what's going on. But the real competition is still in the products. Let's see which one is stronger, the QQ Fishery or our Happy Farm. Considering that they have the instant messaging software QQ as a plus, while we have the prop store as a minus, we have to surpass them in products to make up for the gap."

Kong Lingyu asked him anxiously, "Boss, haven't you decided which sections we should update?"

"Not yet."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Wait until they are released. It won't be too late to decide after seeing their products!"

At nine o 'clock sharp.

The data of the game store was released 24 hours after it was released. There were still more than four million paying Alipay users, and the number of paying SMS users exceeded 900,000. The total amount of spending also exceeded 9 million, but it was only tens of thousands of yuan.

The four million paying users were what Li Mu valued the most. He was very satisfied with this result, but he didn't have time to celebrate at all. In the blink of an eye, QQ Fisheries was already released.

The moment QQ Fisheries was released, Teng Xun's internal data showed that there were more than 400,000 data requests generated at the same time, but they only had 580,000 online users. Such a high proportion of requests proved that this game was still attractive to QQ users. At least, it had successfully aroused the curiosity of most users.

Li Mu also opened QQ Fisheries at this moment. After more than ten seconds of loading, the welcome interface of QQ Fisheries appeared on the screen. The background music of the game was very cheerful, but it was easy to use. It was just a short clip made by MIDI. After entering the game, the user had to click on the login button first. When logging in, there was a prompt: "QQ Fisheries will be opened by default after logging in."

When Li Mu entered his QQ number and entered QQ Fisheries, a strange-looking cartoon fisherman jumped out, reminding him that he had entered the tutorial stage.

The design of the entire game was very fake. Although it was similar to Happy's Farm, it was still very different from Happy's Farm in terms of visual design, color matching, and coordination.

Since the theme of the game was a fishery, the visual display was a little hard for people to accept. The screen was only so big, and each fishery that was divided into small pieces was only the size of half a matchbox. But every time a fry was thrown in, a nest of six small fish would grow inside. The element Happy Farm used was to plant all sorts of crops on the ground. Hence, during each growth stage of the crops, there were only slight movements on the still screen. For example, the leaves of the plants would move very slowly, gently, and rhythmically. It made people feel very comfortable and natural when they saw it.

However, the graphics of QQ Fisheries were a little different. Perhaps the designers considered that the fry were alive, and it would be too strange if they were thrown in there and stayed still. Therefore, they designed the six fry to move clockwise along the origin in the middle, circle after circle, making people dizzy …

Li Mu shook his head. It seemed that Teng Xun was also in a hurry. Otherwise, he would not have released such a product that was obviously not really polished. However, after studying this game carefully, its game structure was very complete. From the basic logic of the game, to the elements, leveling up, the interactive design of stealing vegetables to help, to the rankings, display, and other aspects, it was basically no different from Happy's Farm.

Li Mu tried to raise a few fish hatchlings in several fisheries. As a result, several schools of fish hatchlings that were constantly circling around made him feel a little unacceptable. However, this may only be his view as a latecomer. Users who have not experienced the various Internet products of the later generations should not be too entangled in this kind of problem.

In fact, it was indeed as Li Mu said. The users did not feel much about the appearance of QQ Fisheries. After coming in to experience it, they found that the overall structure of this game was the same as Happy's Farm. Because of the experience of Happy's Farm, it was very easy for them to play this game.

Then, they found something interesting. When they tried playing the game, a small star on the sidebar suddenly flashed, and then a notification popped up. "Your friend: XXXX has also opened QQ Fisheries. Hurry up and take a look at his fishery!

Click and you'll get a gift! "

Then, as long as the user clicked on the friend's profile picture in the newly opened QQ Fisheries, they would be able to enter the interface of their fishery, and then they would see a notification that a treasure chest had been opened. With a ding dong, the treasure chest was opened, and inside it was a random reward of fish food, gold coins, and experience.

At first, the QQ users only occasionally found a notification. Soon, this kind of notification became a little more frequent. Because more and more QQ users came in to try the game, all their friends who had opened QQ Fisheries would receive this kind of notification, and they would also open a treasure chest in their fishery with 100% success rate. Then, the users began to actively invite those who had not yet gone online to activate to hurry up and do so. Thus, there was another wave of activation.

Li Mu slammed the table and stood up, which shocked the people in the technical department. At this time, Li Mu said with a serious face, "This is the most frightening thing!

They're very clear about their own advantages. From the start, they've made use of the connections that QQ users have long accumulated. This feeling of constantly seeing friends join the game can create a very strong sense of belonging in the user's psychology. The more friends join, the more interested they are in the game! "

Chen Wenqiang, the product director of Tieba, said with a gloomy face, "This is their biggest advantage. It would be great if our YY could be launched at this time!"

Li Mu waved his hand. "YY will be launched after the New Year at the earliest. If we can't withstand the pressure from QQ Fisheries, once a large number of our Happy Farm users are lost, our YY plan will be greatly affected."

Sun Jianfei, the technical director in charge of Flash development, said, "Li Zong, there are only two directions we can do now: update the game, and fight the public opinion war!"

Li Mu nodded in agreement and asked him, "Do you have any thoughts about updating the game?"

Sun Jianfei said, "Actually, our current reserve of game functions is already very strong. Teng Xun is not a match for it at all. The key is that we have to think about which functions to bring out. We can't bring out too many functions at one go, because if we bring out too many, they will learn it all at once. Our advantage will definitely not be maintained for long. We can only do what you told us in the beginning, Li Zong, to bring out new functions bit by bit, and let them keep chasing after us."

Li Mu nodded. "Jianfei, continue."

Sun Jianfei said, "The most important thing now is what functions we can bring out to compete with them. I personally think that our biggest disadvantage now is social network. Although our users have established a large network in our game, we don't have an instant messaging software to act as a carrier for our users' network. Teng Xun's friends can directly communicate with each other through QQ, so in terms of competitiveness, our overall strength is still not as good as Teng Xun's. Now, we have to bring out functions to make up for this link, and let our users interact with each other, and quickly!"

Li Mu looked at him and said, "If that's the case, we have to bring out our game's mission system and user trading system."

The game's mission system was a vehicle delivery section that Li Mu had created for this game by imitating Hay Day's cartoon farm. When a user bought a small truck, they would receive an order from the system, but the system would request for various types of products, making it very difficult for them to complete it on their own. At this time, they would open up user trading, and each user could put all kinds of products on their own shelves and sell them at a price. This way, in order to complete the mission and obtain higher rewards, users would go to their friends' stores to buy all kinds of items. The interaction between users would instantly increase by many times compared to stealing vegetables, helping with weeding, and killing insects.

Sun Jianfei said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I think these two functions are the most suitable to open up now. Once we open up these two functions, our users will experience very interesting friend trading, friend collaboration, and system missions. This way, the game's social interaction will increase a lot!"

Li Mu nodded and asked the others, "What do you guys think?"

The others also expressed their agreement. After all, everyone could see where their shortcomings were. The shortcomings were the lack of interaction between users and poor communication. However, YY was temporarily unavailable, and the communication problem was difficult to solve immediately. However, enhancing the interaction between users would be able to make up for this problem.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "With Jianfei taking the lead, immediately start preparing for the version update. This time, we will not only open up these two functions, but also open up the pet function. We will bring out the dog-rearing function!"

Dog-Rearing was a tool in the farm. Once it was opened up, users could use gold coins to purchase a kennel and a seven-day trial period for the lowest-level hound. The actual purchase of a hound was through reward points. Reward points could not be bought with gold coins or cash. It could only be obtained by completing missions. Every car mission would not only reward the user with gold coins, experience points, and random items, but also a certain amount of points. Only by accumulating the points from completing missions could the user truly buy a hound that belonged to them forever.

Hounds were very useful. When friends came over to steal vegetables, they could do two things. One was to reduce the amount of vegetables they stole, and the other was to make them drop gold coins.

For example, when User A's corn was ripe and his friend stole it, he could usually steal six stalks of corn from each plot. However, due to the presence of a hound, only four were stolen. When the user saw the number displayed, he would not simply write 6 as 4, but 4 as 4 (6-2). This clearly told him that he could have stolen six, but because he had a dog, he could only steal four. This would stimulate the vegetable thief to want a hound as well.

As for the random drop of gold coins, it was because the dog would attack the vegetable thief. When the thief was bitten, a number similar to -25 gold coins would appear, telling the thief that they were bitten by a dog, so they dropped 25 gold coins.

However, there were two interesting points about the hound function. First, the higher the level of the dog, the more useful it was, but the more points were needed to purchase it. Second, the dog food was not available for purchase with gold coins or cash. Similarly, only points could be used. Once the dog ran out of dog food, it would be useless. In this case, it would double stimulate users to complete missions and earn points. While it stimulated them to complete missions, it also stimulated them to trade various products with their friends.