Chapter 1742

After Li Mu sat down on the sofa, Mark Zuckerberg said nervously, "Li Zong, let me tell you about our recent development first."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, give me a brief introduction."

Mark Zuckerberg paused for a moment and said, "At present, the number of users in the United States has exceeded 30 million, of which college students account for one-third. There are 2.3 million daily users, and college students account for almost half."

Li Mu asked curiously, "How many college students are there in the United States?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "The data at the end of last year shows that it should be more than 13 million."

Li Mu praised, "More than 13 million college students, and 10 million of them are users of Faebook. It seems that Faebook is very popular on college campuses."

"Indeed."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Our biggest base at the moment is on the university campus. The stickiness of university students is very high, but the biggest problem is that it is difficult for us to increase the conversion rate among the user groups outside the campus. Many non-university users are not very interested in our products."

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is very normal."

As he said this, Li Mu continued, "You see, the college student group is a very special group. If we divide people into three classes, the first class is those who have not entered society, such as infants and primary and secondary school students, and the other class is those who have already entered society. This range is very wide. Those who have not gone to school, those who have started to live independently and earn money, those who have gone to school but have dropped out of school, and those who have graduated from school all belong to the second class. The only special class is the third class. This class is half in society, and the other half is still in the ivory tower. This class is college students."

"Most college students don't study in the city where they live. They might be in other states or even other countries. These people have left the protection of their parents, but they haven't really entered society and have to work hard on their own. Therefore, this group is very special, and they often don't fit in with the other two classes."

"Faebook grows in such soil, so the first thing it produces is the fruit that is suitable for this soil. It germinates here, takes root here, and bears fruit here. Therefore, you are naturally loved by this soil, and users of other soils will not easily accept it. However, it is not that you did not do a good job, but that you have completed the first stage of entrepreneurship. First take root in your own soil, germinate, and thrive, and then it is possible to develop and migrate to other soils."

Mark Zuckerberg nodded especially seriously, but he looked at Li Mu with some hesitation and said, "Li Zong, actually … to be honest … if faebook leaves the university campus, the biggest competitor we will face is YY. The functions of our products are highly similar to YY, but they are far less powerful than YY. If YY is on a scale from 1 to 100, we can at most achieve 21 to 30 of them. In this case, it will be very difficult to seize market share …"

Li Mu nodded in agreement and said to Mark Zuckerberg with a smile, "Mark, you are right. There is a saying in Hua Xia, 'When there is no tiger in the mountain, the monkey is king.' If there is no tiger in the mountain, with the intelligence and sensitivity of the monkey, they can dominate the entire forest."

As he said that, Li Mu paused slightly and said, "But if there is a tiger in the mountain, although the monkey cannot dominate, as long as it searches carefully, it can still find a lot of places that the tiger has not touched or cannot touch, such as high treetops, narrow caves, steep ridges. Before Makino Technology begins to decline, this is the direction of the future development of faebook."

In fact, Li Mu had a lot more to say.

When the "monkey" faced the "tiger", it was not only the treetops, mountains, and ridges, but even the cesspits were their living space.

Take Teng Xun as an example. Teng Xun was a domestic social giant, and most of the time, he had to set an example. Therefore, Teng Xun could not and did not dare to engage in gray areas, such as dating software.

In fact, if it had such a function, then Momo and Tantan would have no way to survive. However, with the size and status of WeChat, it was impossible to give itself the name of a dating software. Therefore, not only did Teng Xun not develop the dating function in depth, but he also continuously cut off the functions of products that had the dating attribute. For example, the Floating Bottle was taken offline.

The reason why Teng Xun wanted to take the floating bottle offline was because the function of this product had more disadvantages than advantages in his eyes. Not many people used it, but it was a dirty product. There would often be some illegal gray content, so taking it offline was a kind of self-cleaning and protection.

In this case, even if a small company only made a product with the Floating Bottle function, it could obtain a group of users and a market.

It was absolutely impossible for Faebook to go against Makino Technology in the future, and Li Mu would not let this happen. However, Li Mu hoped that Faebook could get involved in all the fields that he could not or was unwilling to get involved in.

This feeling was a bit like raising a pig or a dog if you had a lot of leftovers at home and did not want to eat leftovers. Otherwise, if the leftovers were thrown outside, they would be eaten by stray dogs or fed to pigs by others.

Mark Zuckerberg was deep in thought. Li Mu's words gave him some inspiration, but he could not grasp where the inspiration came from.

Li Mu saw him frowning and said, "Mark, in the future, the market will definitely follow a rule. In a certain field, there will generally be only one giant, but in addition to one giant, there will be several big companies and dozens of small companies. Although Makino Technology is now a giant in the Internet social network, there is no similar big company in the industry. If Faebook can first occupy the forest that monkeys are good at, it will have a chance to be the first."

Mark Zuckerberg's eyes lit up and he blurted out, "Li Zong, you mean, let us cultivate the college market first?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "There are more than 13 million college students in the United States. How many are there in the world?

At least 100 million, right?

If you can turn 80% of the 100 million college students into users of Faebook, then your Faebook can become a big company in the field of social networking, second only to Makino Technology. "

In fact, Li Mu had always felt sorry for the campus intranet, which was also known as Renren.

Before Faebook entered the Hua Xia market, Renren actually played itself to death.

At that time, Renren was very popular in China. Many people in the 90s and 2000s might not have imagined that at that time, it was not just college students who played on campus intranet. All high school students would basically sign up for Renren.

Why did everyone like to play Renren?

Because this thing was a social platform based on school and classmate relationships. It was highly vertical. Even QQ could not compete with it in this aspect.

At that time, as long as Renren stood firm in the field of campus social networking, even if it could not replace QQ, it would definitely not be any worse than Momo. In the end?

This guy tore off his best label as soon as he came up.

In Li Mu's opinion, the name of the campus intranet, even if it could not be ranked in the top three of Hua Xia's Internet product names, it would definitely be in the top ten.

This name made people understand that this thing was closely related to the campus.

Campus intranet!

How f * cking intimate!

It was a precious memory that some people would forever cherish, and a beautiful present that some people were intoxicated with. In the end, some brainless person jumped out and changed the name to Renren.

wtf？

What did Renren mean?

What did it mean?

It was a f * cking vertical website!

Coming up with such a general and ridiculous name, did you think it was QQ?

Look at Faebook, it had always insisted on using the Facebook brand. When did it change its name to Facebook?

Or FF?

And QQ, the reason why it changed its name from OIQ to QQ was not because it wanted to be simpler, but because it was sued by IQ. In the end, it could only be more low-key and called it QQ. In the end, it accidentally gave birth to Hua Xia's QQ culture.

What about you?

What the f * ck does Renren mean?

Is it Renren for me?

Am I Renren?

Or are you showing off that you have a lot of people?

Not to mention others, Hua Xia had 20 to 30 million students in school at that time, and there were a few million new users every year. With such a large user base, if it was cultivated well, it would be enough to feed them for a lifetime. The campus intranet itself had a chance, but in the end, it was a trap of its own making.

Now, if Faebook could become a global social product for college students, it could at least become a company with a market value of tens of billions, or even hundreds of billions of USD. The most rare thing was that it would not have much conflict with his own YY.

Because YY wanted to be a tycoon. A tycoon had to think about how to go wider and wider, and not how to go narrower and narrower. Therefore, the more vertical it was, the more disdainful the tycoon would be to do it. Using the leftovers as an example, a billionaire would not and would not eat his own leftovers. If it was a typical billionaire, the leftovers would be thrown away. Whoever wanted to pick it up could eat it, and whoever wanted to eat it could eat it.

But for Li Mu, leftovers were also food. If he did not eat it himself, he could at least raise a dog or a pig to eat, right?

If there were a lot of leftovers, then he might as well start a pig farm.

Raising pigs was not very honorable, and it was dirty and smelly. But it was okay. If he did not want to raise them, he could find someone to raise them. What was Mark Zuckerberg's job?

Wasn't it to be the future General Manager of his pig farm?

Li Mu was afraid that Mark Zuckerberg's ambition was too big, and he was not willing to be the General Manager of the pig farm. But it was okay. Li Mu was reminding him now. If Mark Zuckerberg could react, then he could also make a fortune by raising pigs. But if Mark Zuckerberg could not react in time and stepped into a field that he should not step into, then Li Mu would immediately turn against him and use his resources to destroy him.

To Mark Zuckerberg, Li Mu was a tyrant level existence. With a snap of his fingers, it was enough to destroy Faebook.

Li Mu also understood this very well. In the field of running a company and doing business, there were no real friends. Everything was driven by interests. In the field of business, if you wanted to touch my cake, then don't blame me for wanting to kill you.