Chapter 303

Before dawn, Li Mu called Ning Hao.

Ning Hao answered the phone in his sleep and complained, "Boss, are you kidding me? I didn't go to bed until three o 'clock last night. I've only slept for less than three hours."

Li Mu was so excited that he couldn't help but say, "Do me a favor. Come to my house before you go to the airport today. I have an electric guitar at home. Bring it back for me."

Zhang Kexuan had given him a Martin acoustic guitar, which was quite expensive. He didn't bring it with him when he came to the National People's Congress. However, he was going to sing for Su Yingxue at the party on Saturday. Li Mu had already chosen the song. All he needed now was a guitar.

Hearing that Li Mu wanted to bring something, Ning Hao agreed and said, "Give me the contact information of your uncle and aunt. I'll call them at eight o 'clock and go to your house to get it."

Li Mu then sent his father's phone number to Ning Hao. At seven o 'clock, he sent a text message to his father, telling him that a friend had gone to his house to bring him a guitar.

After the phone call, Li Mu was just about to get up when he heard the sound of the master bedroom door opening. Su Yingxue came out of the master bedroom and went straight into the bathroom to wash up. Li Mu got up from the bed.

After Su Yingxue finished washing up, she saw that Li Mu had also gotten up. A trace of unnaturalness flashed across her face. For Su Yingxue, the most embarrassing thing was not Li Mu's confession last night, but that she didn't know how to define her relationship with Li Mu.

According to what was said last night, Li Mu would at least have to wait until he sang a song for her at the party before he would be promoted to her boyfriend. However, to some extent, they had already revealed their hearts last night, and she almost regarded him as her boyfriend in her heart.

The same was true for Li Mu. Although Su Yingxue made a somewhat confusing request, in Li Mu's heart, Su Yingxue had been his girlfriend since last night.

However, in order not to make Su Yingxue feel too embarrassed, Li Mu's behavior today was not much different from usual.

When Su Yingxue said that she wanted to go back to her aunt's house, Li Mu drove her back, then gave Lin Ching-ah a call and went to the bank to transfer 150,000 yuan to her personal account.

Over the phone, Li Mu reminded Lin Ching-ah to stand her ground when it came to solving her family's problems, especially when it came to such matters in the future. As for the cashing out of the shares, she still had to follow the option agreement that they had signed previously. She was the same as Kong Lingyu, the options could be gradually cashed out over the next three years. Before the cashing out window opened, she could borrow from herself or the company if she didn't have the money, but she couldn't raise the issue of cashing out again.

Lin Ching-ah felt guilty, and other than silence on the phone, she only apologized. Li Mu didn't say anything else. Every family had their own problems, and she had to solve her own family's problems by herself.

After transferring the money, Li Mu went to rest for a few hours, and waited until Ning Hao brought the crew back to Beijing.

The filming of "Oldboys" officially began in Beijing.

In the two days that Li Mu spent with the crew, Happy Farm had completely taken the country by storm.

In just a few days, the number of Happy Farm's users had already exceeded 30 million, and the daily active users had exceeded 13 million.

The popularity of Happy Farm was much higher than Tieba.

The first item reward quest released by Happy's Farm also received great results. Not only did it increase the number of users in the farm by ten million, it also created a complicated social network. The average number of friends among the thirty million users exceeded eighty, and it was already at the same level as the average number of friends on QQ.

The success of Happy Farm made the entire industry look at Makino Technology in a different light. In terms of reputation, Makino Technology instantly became one of the top companies in the industry. Happy Farm had created history within a few days of its release, becoming the game with the highest number of players and the highest number of people online at the same time. This made all the companies in the industry jealous.

The success of Happy Farm even attracted the attention of the foreign media. Many online foreign media reported on Happy Farm, and it was said that it caused quite a stir among the same industry overseas.

There was not much money left in Makino Technology's account, and now that Makino Technology was at its peak, Li Mu finally decided to start the B round of financing for Makino Technology.

He asked Lin Ching-ah to contact many venture capital firms that were interested in Makino Technology, and proposed the condition of selling 10% of the shares, and let these venture capital firms give their own valuation.

After the New Year's holiday, Lin Ching-ah gave Li Mu a feedback. 70% of the venture capital firms valued Makino Technology at around 500 million, 10% who didn't understand the situation valued it at less than 450 million, and 20% valued it at more than 600 million. Among them were the famous Red Shirt Capital, Gao Sheng, and SoftBank.

Li Mu didn't expect that the venture capital firms that offered the highest price were all from overseas. Gao Sheng even offered a valuation of 700 million, which was the highest among all the companies. In terms of valuation, overseas venture capital firms were more confident in Makino Technology.

It was no wonder that the domestic internet started late, and venture capital firms that knew more about the internet were also rare. This was also why domestic internet giants' initial investment basically came from overseas, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.

After receiving the quotations from these venture capital firms, Li Mu didn't talk further with them. Instead, he asked Hui Ka Ming out to meet him alone. Li Mu said that he wanted to have a meal together, but in fact, he wanted to discuss the B round of financing for Makino Technology. Li Mu knew that Hui Ka Ming had been wanting to talk to him about this issue. He wanted to invest in Makino Technology even in his dreams.

Hui Ka Ming was very excited when he received Li Mu's call. They agreed to meet at eight o 'clock. He arrived at the place at six o' clock and waited silently for Li Mu's arrival.

When Li Mu arrived five minutes earlier, Hui Ka Ming had already drunk two pots of tea. The two sat together, and Hui Ka Ming hurriedly poured tea for Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Have you been busy with Makino Technology recently?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I haven't really been busy with Makino Technology these two days. Didn't I invest in a movie some time ago? I've been busy with the movie recently."

Hui Ka Ming asked, "Is the filming going well?"

Li Mu said, "It's going well. With a reliable executive producer following us, we can solve any problems."

Hui Ka Ming nodded. He couldn't help but feel a little impatient. Seeing that there were only the two of them here, there was nothing to hide. He said to Li Mu, "I heard that Makino Technology is going to raise a B round. I've also asked around about the quotations given to you in the industry. Although Mingcheng Capital doesn't have any outstanding resources in the internet industry, I can give Makino Technology a fair valuation. If you don't mind, Mingcheng Capital will value Makino Technology at 800 million yuan. I'll use 80 million yuan in cash to buy 10% of Makino Technology's shares. What do you think?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. "80 million yuan in cash? Do you still have so much money in your account?"