Chapter 1483

The honest staff member told Larry Page, "Find-something-to-eat." He thought that would explain most of it, but after Larry Page heard it, he thought that they had gone hunting in the woods in the middle of the night.

So, Larry Page asked him, "Can I wait here for a while?"

The staff member nodded. "Do as you please, but you can't go in."

Larry Page had to sit down on the stone by the door and wait for Li Mu to come back.

The staff member left, and Larry Page sat alone at the door. He was still thinking about the heated discussion on the phone.

Li Mu's proposal to let Google acquire Muye & was a huge shock and blow to Google's senior management. The frustration in the hearts of Google's senior management could not be described with words.

Anyone who made a deal worth billions into a few million would also collapse. Although Google's valuation was declining, it still had a few billion USD to support it. Li Mu wanted to use a shell company to exchange for 33.3%. It was the most shameless idea since the birth of the Internet.

However, Google had learned its lesson this time. They learned to assess the situation seriously. At this stage, Google's valuation in the capital market was about 6 billion USD. If Muye & Co. was officially launched, this valuation would fall below 5 billion USD in a short period of time, or even lower.

However, if Google accepted Li Mu's proposal to acquire Muye &, then Li Mu would officially divert traffic to Google and not touch search engines for the next five years. Google would lose its biggest competitor and gain the support of an industry giant. This would greatly increase Google's valuation.

With the support of Makino Technology, Google's valuation in the capital market would soon recover to more than 10 billion USD at its peak. If Makino Technology continued to provide resources and support for Google's business to achieve major breakthroughs, Google's valuation would continue to soar.

In addition to the direct benefits that Makino Technology gave to Google, Google could also enjoy additional dividends from the development of Makino Technology in the future. That is to say, if Makino Technology developed rapidly, Google, as one of the companies it invested in, would be more valued by the capital market even if there was no improvement in its performance. In other words, Google was benefiting from Makino Technology.

Therefore, although Li Mu was ruthless, he was not that hateful. At least he would get Google's shares, and Google's shares would become more and more valuable.

The consequences of rejecting Li Mu were obvious. In the past, they thought that Li Mu did not have the energy to do search engines. Now, this speculation had been slapped in the face by Li Mu. Google's business line was single, and its ability to resist risks was far worse than Makino Technology. When the time came, Google's business would be impacted, its valuation would continue to fall, and its market share would continue to be eaten up. The capital market would become more and more pessimistic, and the income from advertising conversion would also become more and more affected. Finally, it would lead to Google's overall decline.

After comprehensive consideration, all the senior executives of Google painfully made a completely unified decision. They accepted Li Mu's proposal to acquire Muye & with 33.3% of Google's shares. Larry Page could not wait until tomorrow. He wanted to tell Li Mu the news immediately. If Li Mu did not change his mind at the last minute, then they would immediately prepare to go through the contract process.

However, Larry Page did not expect that Li Mu was catching cicadas in the woods with three celebrities with flashlights at this time …

Cicadas were very interesting. Catching them basically did not require any technical content. All one needed was patience. In summer, this kind of thing would continuously drill out of the soil, slowly climb up the tree, and then shed its shell to become a flying cicada.

When it slowly climbed up the tree, even a child could easily catch it.

The villages around Yanjing did not seem to have the tradition of eating cicadas. Therefore, in the dense woods at the foot of the mountain, only Li Mu and the other three were catching cicadas with flashlights.

And what Li Mu did not expect was that in the woods near the mushroom house, there were simply too many cicadas to catch.

Cicadas could be seen crawling on almost every tree. Some climbed higher, and some climbed lower. As long as they could reach out their hands, they would grab one in each hand. Their speed was extremely fast. As long as they couldn't reach out their hands, they would use a bamboo pole to push the cicadas away and they would fall.

In more than an hour, the four of them had caught more than a hundred cicadas. Looking at so many muddy cicadas crawling around in the tin cans, Li Mu's heart was filled with a sense of achievement, while Peng Yuyan's scalp went numb at a glance.

Mr. He was more interested in this kind of thing. He said while catching, "I think if we catch them for a while, we can catch at least three hundred. Three hundred, oh my god, how long are we going to eat them …"

Huang Lei grabbed one and threw it into the bucket. He said, "My biggest headache now is how to wash so many of them later. They are covered in mud, and some of the mud is already dry."

Li Mu said, "When we go back, soak them in water to soften the mud, then wash them and rinse them. Finally, use a new toothbrush to brush the gaps one by one. Basically, we can fry them in the pan."

Mr. He asked, "Then are we going to blow them all up in one go?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "If we don't blow them up, they will all turn into cicadas and fly away at dawn."

Peng Yuyan shook his head and said carefully, "Everyone, I may not be able to eat this thing. Even if I can, I can only eat a few. When the time comes, I will have to trouble you to help me eat more."

“

Li Mu smiled and said, "Believe me, you will like it."

Peng Yuyan waved his hand. "I'm afraid I won't …"

He smiled and said, "Li Zong, I think even if Yuyan likes to eat, the four of us can't finish so many. There should be about two hundred of them, right?

This means that each of us will have to eat fifty … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you can't finish it, you can give it to the staff to have a taste. I'm really afraid that if you get addicted to it, you will come here every night to catch cicadas."

…

The four of them wandered around the woods with several film crews for more than an hour and caught more than two hundred cicadas. Only then did they return to the Mushroom Hut with satisfaction. Li Mu did not expect to see Larry Page sitting at the door as soon as he returned.

Larry Page almost fell asleep several times, but he struggled to stay awake with perseverance. When he saw Li Mu, he suddenly became excited and got up to greet Li Mu. He came to his side and said, "Li Zong, I have something to talk to you about. I don't know if you have time."

Li Mu nodded and said to He Lu and the others, "Mr. He, you guys go in first. I want to talk to this American friend."

When they entered the Mushroom Hut with the film crew, Li Mu asked Larry Page, "Larry, why don't you take a rest first? If there's anything, we can talk about it tomorrow."

Larry Page said eagerly, "Li Zong, I held a conference call with the shareholders. Everyone has decided to accept your proposal to acquire your Muye & Li Mu with 33.3% of Google's shares. On the surface, he nodded calmly and said," This is a good thing. In the future, Makino Technology and Google can cooperate for a win-win situation. "

Although he looked very calm on the surface, Li Mu was so excited that he almost couldn't hold it in!

Extorting 33.3% of Google's shares with a newly registered shell company seemed like a fantasy, but it really happened!

Looking back, Li Mu's greatest skill was that he knew the strategic layout like the back of his hand. If it weren't for the fact that Google couldn't withstand his pressure, he wouldn't have set up such a trap for Google. It seemed like he was going against Google in every way, and it was like he was going to die. But in fact, Li Mu didn't want to develop his own search engine from the beginning. For him, as long as he could get a good deal from Google at a suitable price, it would be the best thing.

However, Google didn't know how to appreciate his kindness. He didn't sell the 15% shares that he bought at the beginning, and now he wanted to use 33.3% of the shares to exchange for a shell company that Li Mu had just set up.

At this time, Larry Page heard Li Mu say that it was a win-win cooperation, so he hurriedly said in agreement, "Li Zong is right. We also hope to be able to establish a deep cooperative relationship with Makino Technology in the coming days!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Of course. If everyone has no objections to this proposal, then let's make an appointment to discuss the signing of the contract."

Larry Page asked, "How about the day after tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded. "No problem."

Larry Page said to Li Mu in a rare gentlemanly manner, "Then I won't disturb your recording. I'll call the company first and ask them to send someone over today to prepare for the signing of the contract."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Remember to come over for supper after the call."

Larry Page didn't expect Li Mu to invite him for supper. He was stunned for a long time before he asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, did you just say that I can come over for dinner later?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "You can understand it that way."

Larry Page asked tentatively, "Won't it affect your normal work schedule?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "This is a small matter. The most important thing is for us to have a good time together."

Larry Page couldn't help but sigh in his heart at how fast Li Mu changed his attitude. In the afternoon, Li Mu had left him by the lake, and now he wanted to invite him to dinner.

However, for Larry Page, Li Mu's change in attitude was definitely a good sign. He would naturally seize this opportunity to change his attitude, so he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, since this is the case, I'll come over after the call."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Go ahead, I'm going to make a call too." After that, after Larry Page left, Li Mu made a phone call to Robin.

Robin had been in a very good mood recently. He had set up a joint venture company with Li Mu without spending a single cent, and he even owned 10% of the shares. Anyone would be happy about this. Moreover, ever since Li Mu and Google had established a joint venture company, Baidu's valuation had been rising. After establishing a joint venture company with Makino Technology, the valuation had risen even faster. This was really good for Baidu.

When the call was connected, Robin's excited voice came through. "Li Zong, you're still up so late?"

Li Mu didn't beat around the bush. He said with a smile, "Robin, I just talked about a big business deal for us. I'm sure you'll be very interested."

Robin asked in surprise, "What is it?"