Chapter 177

The reporters from the two newspapers were sent to Li Mu's classroom almost as soon as they got to work. They found Li Mu's classroom one after the other and were brought here by Li Mu's class supervisor. Seeing that there were two groups of people, they had a friendly discussion and asked some questions together. When they went back, they would organize their articles in different languages. If there was a special question, whoever asked the question would write it into the article.

Therefore, Li Mu accepted the interview of the two newspapers in Sun Yong's office. The interview was about Li Mu himself. After asking a lot of detailed questions about 3321, the interviewees turned to the two school leaders beside him.

With Li Mu around, the school leaders could not ask 3321 to take too much from the National People's Congress. They could only follow the agreement they had with Li Mu. However, Sun Yong also said some non-existent things. For example, when 3321 was first established, it was highly valued by the school leaders of the National People's Congress. He also said that they had already allocated about 400 square meters of office space for 3321 to use.

Hearing that 3321 was going to set up its own official office space in the National People's Congress, the two reporters were very curious. They asked Li Mu a few questions. They asked whether 3321 would become a company, whether it would accept the management of the school or the education department, and whether it would hire a professional team from outside the school.

Li Mu answered them one by one. First, although 3321 was founded by university students, it was also a non-profit organization founded by natural people. Therefore, it would not become a company. However, it would make its finances public to the greatest extent. All taxes that should be paid would not be delayed. In particular, it would hire a professional accountant to pay the income tax of 3321's students.

Secondly, 3321 was a non-profit organization. Therefore, it would only accept the supervision of the community. It would not accept the direct management of any other individual or organization.

Finally, 3321 would try to recruit students from the University to work part-time, or seniors who graduated from the school to work full-time. This would ensure that the blood of this non-profit organization was pure. In other words, it would be made up entirely of students from the National People's Congress.

At the same time, Li Mu did Tan Yaocheng a favor. He told the reporters, "After 3321 went online, it also received help from some socially responsible companies.

For example, the senior management of Baidu contacted me today. They expressed their hope to provide help to 3321 within their capabilities. As for what kind of help they would provide, I don't know yet.

I don't know yet, so I can't tell you. "

Li Mu thought that he would give Baidu some face so that they could also be involved in social welfare. Then, he would look for Tan Yaocheng to discuss the conditions.

Didn't he want to use 3321 to establish Baidu's social image?

Alright, let's see what kind of help you can provide.

Actually, Li Mu had already thought of what he wanted from Tan Yaocheng. If he helped them put up a public service label, other than technical and server support, they would have to provide 3321's office hardware, right?

He would sponsor a hundred computers first and see if they could be used.

At the end of the interview, the cameraman requested to take a few personal photos of Li Mu to be published in the newspaper. Li Mu didn't refuse. Sun Yong and Zhou Xiaodi were politely asked to step out of the camera.

Li Mu sat in the middle of the sofa in Sun Yong's office. His legs were slightly spread apart, his hands were crossed on his knees, and his body was slightly leaning forward. There was a hint of confidence in the corners of his mouth. Just as the cameraman pressed the shutter, Li Mu slightly squinted his eyes. There was a hint of playfulness in his smile, and his entire person also had a hint of youthful frivolity.

After the interview, the entire morning had almost passed. Li Mu didn't even go back to class.

After sending the reporters away, he immediately said to Zhou Xiaodi, "Executive Zhou, why don't you take me to see the office space?"

Zhou Xiaodi thought to herself, "What's the rush? Are you afraid that I'll go back on my word?"

However, she said very straightforwardly, "Let's go, I'll take you there now."

Sun Yong didn't follow. After the two of them left, he took out his phone and called his cousin.

Sun Tan's father, Sun Lianqing, was in a meeting.

The city's education committee had an emergency meeting this morning, and the content of the meeting was about 3321.

The head of the committee was a little unhappy. The appearance of 3321 made him feel a sense of helplessness.

In his words, it was: "This 3321 has such a huge influence right from the start. If we give it some more time, I'm afraid this thing will turn the world of education upside down."

The deputy head said, "That's right. The key is that it directly has a huge impact on high school students and their parents. However, it just so happens that it was started by university students. We are in charge of high schools, but the National People's Congress and those 985 and 211 universities are all directly under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education. How do you guys define the ownership of 3321?

Should it be under our jurisdiction, or should it be under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education? "

Someone said, "It definitely has to be under the jurisdiction of our city's education committee!

Other than the unified requirements and regulations of the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Education also doesn't directly interfere with the daily operations of the local education department. With such a non-governmental education organization in our city, it definitely has to be under our jurisdiction. Everyone, think about it. Within the city limits, other than the small classrooms that teachers open in their own homes, which other education and training organizations don't have to be under our jurisdiction? "

Someone else asked, "But do you think that 3321 belongs to an education organization?

Firstly, it doesn't open a school, it doesn't provide any teaching space, and secondly, it doesn't set up any subjects or recruit any students. It's just like an intermediary service, just like a real estate agent, helping the buyer and the seller reach a deal. "

"That's reasonable …"

"Reasonable my ass!"

Sun Lianqing was so angry that he blurted out, "If we casually let this little brat interfere with the graduating high school students' training, wouldn't people laugh at the incompetence of the education committee?"

As he said that, Sun Lianqing thought about how his son still couldn't get close to this 3321. At this time, he naturally wanted to crush the grapes under his feet, so he said angrily, "This matter will have a huge impact on us. Everyone, think about it. In our system, how many teachers open private tuition classes?

There are also some teachers who work part-time in private training organizations. With the appearance of 3321, their income will be greatly affected. What are the teachers most afraid of?

Isn't it losing their jobs? "

Someone replied, "That's also a conflict between these teachers and 3321. We don't have to take it upon ourselves."

"What can those teachers do to 3321?"

Sun Lianqing pursed his lips and said, "You said it yourself. 3321 is created by the students of the National People's Congress. The National People's Congress is directly under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education. We have no right to interfere, and those teachers have no right to interfere. What if they can't interfere?

They will definitely come to us to solve the problem. Think about it, the graduating high school teachers are already working hard. If we don't let them earn some extra money, how can they feel at ease?

Now that they can't earn extra money, won't they rebel?

In the past two years, there have been a lot of teachers going on strike. "

The head frowned. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that this 3321 was too much. It was practically a ghost that rushed out!

A freshman setting up a website could have such a huge impact on the education system. In the future, if everyone followed suit, how would the Education Commission work in the future?

Therefore, the head slammed the table and said to Sun Lianqing, "Comrade Lianqing is right. We can't let 3321 grow and steal the resources of the high school students and their parents. We must find a way to stop its growth. We can't control the students of the National People's Congress, but we can control the high school students. Comrade Lianqing will be in charge of how to handle it!"

Sun Lianqing was overjoyed. He immediately said, "Don't worry, Director Qiu. I will definitely think of a way to stop 3321!"

As soon as he said that, his phone vibrated in his pocket.

Sun Lianqing looked down and saw that it was his cousin. However, he was in a meeting, so he could only hang up. He then replied, "Bro, I'm in a meeting. Text me if you have something to say."

Sun Yong replied, "Don't worry about 3321. I have a feeling that it will soon be noticed by the whole society and even the ministries. The ministries care about two things the most: basic education and higher education. This thing like 3321 has too much of an impact on the students of higher education. The ministries will definitely notice it, and I'm guessing that the ministries will definitely protect it. It's not wise to go against it at this time."

Sun Lianqing's face turned green.

F * ck, if you had sent this message two minutes ago, I wouldn't have attacked 3321. Now, the head had given me the task of stopping 3321. If I don't do anything, won't I be regarded as a useless person who only knows how to talk and not do anything?

F * ck, f * ck, f * ck!

At this time, Director Qiu saw that Sun Lianqing had his head down and his expression was very ugly. He comforted him, "Comrade Lianqing, don't be too anxious. How to stop 3321 will definitely require careful consideration. It won't be done in one go, but I still believe in your ability."

Sun Lianqing raised his head and smiled bitterly. His smile was uglier than crying.

Director Qiu gently knocked on the table with his knuckles, "That's all for today's meeting. Meeting dismissed."

…

National People's Congress, School of Finance, Building of Audio-Visual Education.

Li Mu saw three empty classrooms on the fifth floor of the Audio-Visual Education building.

The area of each classroom was actually about 150 square meters, and it was the practical area, not the building area. Dean Zhou said that the current configuration of the Audio-Visual Education building was enough to meet the daily needs of teaching. The cost of setting up an audio-visual classroom was not low, so these three classrooms had been empty all this time.

Li Mu said, "These three classrooms are connected. Can you open two doors inside and really connect them?"

Dean Zhou asked in surprise, "Can you use such a large space all at once?

The configuration of our audio-visual classroom is 50 computers in each room. Even if it's a little loose, it's more than enough for 30 computers. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "You don't have to worry about this. Even if it can't be used for the time being, it will be used soon. It's better to connect it first, so that it's more troublesome to put it into use later."

Dean Zhou nodded and said, "Then I have to ask the people in the logistics management. If it's not a load-bearing wall, it can definitely be connected."

Li Mu said with a smile, "That's just right. You can ask them to help you see if they can run an electricity meter for each of these three rooms, so that the electricity consumption will not be too large in the future and increase the burden of the school."

Dean Zhou waved his hand, "Our school is not as poor as you think. You can use water and electricity directly."

Li Mu asked hypocritically, "Dean Zhou, I'm afraid this is not appropriate, right?"

"What's not appropriate? If the National People's Congress provides you with a venue, but also charges you for water and electricity, if this is spread out, where can our school put its face?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "What you said makes sense. Then let's do as you said!" (To be continued.)

PS: