Chapter 1388

"It will require a lot of money, around four to five billion."

Li Mu casually mentioned an amount that made Wei Lan and Wang Yuanlang vomit blood. Then, he pointed at the valley below, and said confidently, "Look, we will imitate a complete ancient town here. There will be city walls, turrets, beacon towers, shooting forts like the Great Wall, county offices, security agencies, banks, dyers, wineries, academies, ancestral halls, temples, residences, taverns, inns, shops, and a few exhibition halls, memorial halls, or museums with different themes. The entire ancient city will be built with ancient architecture, surrounding the river. We will use our brains on the water and turn it into a water town in the north, then build a water stage and find a famous director to design a large-scale stage play.

Not only do we have to perfect the ancient city design, but we also have to include the Simatai Great Wall in our scenic area. In addition, there will be modern star hotels, themed hotels with different themes, restaurants, shopping centers, and tourist reception centers next to the ancient city. The planned Beijing-Chengde Expressway will pass through the farthest end of the valley that you can see. We will build the tourist reception center under the expressway's viaduct. When the time comes, tourists can get off the expressway and go to the scenic area's parking lot. They can play for a day, and they won't be bored even if they play for three days. We don't need to play for five or six days. We will develop it into the best place for one to three days around Yanjing.

There is a technology called cluster on the Internet. This concept also makes sense in the real industry. What we want to do is not as simple as a tourist attraction, but a tourism product cluster. "

Wei Lan was dumbfounded. The domestic tourism real estate industry had just sprouted a little. Even if it was tourism real estate, she could only think of making a small-scale investment in tourist attractions. She did not expect to be like Li Mu and completely build a scenic area.

There was not even a house here, but Li Mu wanted to plan a man-made ancient town cluster that would take up the entire valley. This was a little too imaginative.

Wang Yuanlang and the other two also stared at each other. They felt like the emperor's new clothes in a fairy tale. No matter how Li Mu described it, they couldn't find the exact feeling. However, after Wei Lan calmed down and carefully pondered over Li Mu's words, the scenery in front of her seemed to suddenly come alive.

Looking at the beautiful valley below, Wei Lan began to gradually construct the scene described by Li Mu in her mind. The city wall, the county office, the escort agency, the old streets, the alleys, the residential area, the market …

At this time, Li Mu was like the magic brush Ma Liang, drawing everything in Wei Lan's mind. It made her feel as if she had already seen a large man-made ancient city, prosperous, exquisite, spectacular, and real.

Wei Lan was stunned for a long time before she recovered from her imagination. She looked at Li Mu and asked, "This will require a lot of money, right?

It's easily billions. Wanying doesn't have so much money to prepare for such a big project at the moment. At least we have to wait until our residential real estate project is gradually delivered next year. Moreover, such a real estate project has a large investment and a long return period. The other shareholders may not be willing. "

As she said this, Wei Lan was afraid that Li Mu would want to invest in this project himself, so she hurriedly reminded him, "Moreover, the last financing for Makino Technology, you sold less than 2 billion yuan in total. It will be very tiring to invest in such a big project."

Li Mu smiled slightly and did not directly respond to her words. Instead, he asked with a smile, "Do you think this place is poor?"

Wei Lan pursed her lips and said, "It shouldn't be rich …"

Li Mu asked again, "Then think of it outside the scope of real estate. Don't think of it as a real estate project, think of it as a tourism project. If I want to give the local government a five billion yuan tourism project, what will their attitude be?"

"A five billion yuan tourism project …" Wei Lan's eyes lit up. "I understand!"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I knew that with your intelligence, you would definitely understand it."

Wei Lan said, "If we build a large-scale tourism project for the local area, the project itself can stimulate the local economic development and provide a lot of jobs. Moreover, after the project is completed, it can continue to provide jobs and tourism income. This is a great thing for the local government, so I think that if we do this, we can at least avoid the cost of acquiring the land."

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "If the cost of acquiring land is more than one yuan in cash, I won't invest in this project. It's not that I'm stingy, but it doesn't conform to normal business logic. I'm investing in a place, and it's investing in a large-scale tourism project. The local government must take out the tourism resources from their pockets. I can count it as the local government investing in land and give them a small part of the equity."

As he said this, Li Mu said, "Moreover, if we start this project now and talk to the local government first, we can get a free ride."

"What free ride?"

Li Mu said, "I cooperated with Xiangnan Satellite TV to do a variety show. It's rural in nature, and the location is near here. This is just an opportunity to get closer to the local government."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "If the show is popular, it can also warm up the tourism resources in this area in advance and raise awareness."

"Yes."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Interlocking is the best industrial layout. Use the program and tourism investment to package the cooperation with the local government, and then use the program to warm up the tourism project. This matter is basically stable. In the future, I will combine more variety show resources and film and television resources to further package this ancient city and make it famous all over the country."

Wei Lan asked, "Are we going to cooperate with the local government by ourselves?

We haven't been in contact with the tourism industry. We're afraid that we can't cope with many of the details of the tourism link. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "So we have to find a state-owned tourism group to cooperate and ask them to contribute part of the money, experience and tourism resources. The three of us will set up a joint venture company, and then jointly contribute hundreds of millions of yuan of start-up capital. The rest will find the local government to provide loan support and extend the repayment cycle to ten or twenty years. We don't have to pay the loan ourselves, but after the ancient city is built and begins to generate income, we will use a small part of the future profits to repay the loan."

Real estate was such an evil capitalist industry. For a commercial real estate investment of five billion yuan, the real estate developer might only contribute a little less than half a billion yuan, and then continuously borrow more than half. After the project is built and begins to generate income, they will use the profits to slowly repay the loan. In the end, the real estate developer might only use a little more than a billion yuan or even less to pry open a five billion yuan project.

And the money lent to them by the bank might be tens of thousands of yuan that you have deposited in the bank. The bank will give you a few hundred yuan of interest every year, and use your money to earn thousands of yuan of interest from the developer. Then, the developer will use your money to develop a real estate project, causing the price of the real estate to keep rising. In the end, you won't be able to afford a single brick or tile that belongs to you. This is the game of capital.

It is said that the richest man is also the richest man. If this saying is used on real estate developers, it is really true. For example, Wanda has fixed assets worth more than 700 billion yuan and debts of 500 to 600 billion yuan. But as long as the big boss can stabilize the situation and not let the company's financial problems cross the line, the debts are not a problem at all. They can slowly earn money and repay it.

In short, the big boss is using his own brains, plus the money that you have deposited in the bank, and then earn money from your pocket. As long as the situation is stabilized, he will definitely win and not lose.

Just like the tourism project that Li Mu conceived, because it itself is a kind of local industry investment, and it can also improve the local economy and the local financial structure, so it is completely different from commercial real estate. He will not develop any property rights for sale here. All the ancient city projects will be operated as a cluster tourism industry, and he will negotiate with the local government for a period of time. Once the period is up, all the industries will be handed over to the local government, and he will not take a single brick or tile with him.

Wei Lan understood Li Mu's idea and sorted out the land and funding solution, but there is still a problem that she is not sure about, so she asked Li Mu, "Doing such a big project, the risk is actually quite big, right?

Our future revenue is very hard to predict. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Beijing has almost a population of 20 million, and the per capita income is also relatively high in the country. There are also more and more private cars, so in the future, the surrounding tourism industry of Beijing will definitely be a very big industry. Then, in front of such a big industry, how many big tourism projects are there that can really compete?

Whether it is Shidu, Badaling, Yanqi Lake, Qinglong Gorge, or Miyun Reservoir, these tourist attractions all have one characteristic, and that is that they are small.

The tourist attractions may be very big, but the tourism industry cannot form a cluster. What is a cluster?

It is not a cluster when there are a lot of them, and they are all controlled by a group, and they can fight together like an army. Only then can it be called a cluster. Look at the tourist attractions, hotels, restaurants, and rural tourism around Shidu, which one of them is not fighting and competing with each other? How can they form a cluster?

Only a large-scale tourism industry like ours can form a cluster. So, once our cluster is successfully built, we will be able to form a unique competitive force. Moreover, I have powerful marketing resources in my hands, so it will be very easy to promote a tourism product.

A project like this will take two to three years to build and two to three years of trial operation. After the trial operation, it will enter the golden period, and the actual investment may be recovered in two to three years. In the remaining two to three years, we can make money while paying off the loan. If this project is successful, we can use this project as a brand and export it to the whole country. We can build three to five high-end man-made ancient cities in the country, and we can even build a large-scale film and television and tourism base. This is the first step of our future tourism industry. "

Wei Lan thought carefully for a long time. Although what Li Mu said was very comprehensive, in her opinion, there was still a lot of risk. For example, when the highway would be built, whether the national economy could support such high-end tourism, and whether the people's consumption habits could change from chasing famous scenic spots to chasing after man-made cluster tourism projects. These were all unknown.