Chapter 99

In the whole family, except for First Uncle who rode a motorbike, everyone else walked.

Haizhou was not big, and it would only take them ten or twenty minutes to walk to any of their relatives' houses.

Therefore, the whole family of more than a dozen people walked together, and Li Mu's uncle had to push the motorbike behind them.

Papa Lee, Li Ma, and their grandparents walked in front, while Li Mu teased Xiao Hao and asked him in a low voice, "Boy, how was your pursuit of the girl last time?"

"Not bad."

Xiao Hao looked around vigilantly. After making sure that his parents were far away, he lowered his voice and said, "After eating KFC, I took her to the park to ride a boat and held her hand on the way back."

Li Mu nodded and gave him a thumbs up. "Awesome."

Xiao Hao smiled and scratched his head. "Brother, when are you going to Yan Jing?"

"At the end of the month or the beginning of the month."

"Can you treat me to a big meal before you leave?"

"Yes, what do you want to eat?"

Xiao Hao thought for a moment and shrugged. "I don't know. How about coming to Haizhou Restaurant?"

"Okay." Li Mu agreed readily and asked, "When do you want to eat?"

Xiao Hao scratched his head and said a little embarrassedly, "I have to ask Nana first. I bragged to her before that my brother is handsome and rich. I also told her that you often take me out to big meals. Then I asked her if she was willing to go next time, and she nodded."

"Okay …" Li Mu patted Xiao Hao's head and said with a smile, "You are more restrained than I was when I was a child. When I was a child, I bragged to others that I had a cousin who worked on an aircraft carrier."

Xiao Hao looked up at Li Mu and asked seriously, "Brother, you were stupid when you were a child, right?"

"Forget it. I don't want to eat a big meal."

Xiao Hao immediately put on a flattering expression and hugged Li Mu's arm. "Brother, don't stoop to my level. I have already told her."

Li Mu laughed and said, "I will take the road test in two days and get my driver's license after the test. If you really want to show off in front of the girl, then I will borrow a car and take you to Jinling Happy Valley."

"Really?"

Xiao Hao was so happy that he almost fainted. There were too many fun things to do in Jinling, especially the newly opened huge amusement park. Only one or two people in his class had been there before, and they even brought the pictures they took at the entrance of the amusement park to class. He still clearly remembered that the name of the amusement park was called Happy Valley. He had been longing for this name for a long time. He didn't expect that his cousin would actually promise to take him there in a few days, and it was with the girl he liked. Oh my god, happiness came too suddenly …

Seeing Xiao Hao's face full of disbelief, Li Mu nodded. "Of course it's true, but the little girl can't come out for too long. We'll go on the same day and return on the same day."

"Brother, can you really borrow a car?

What kind of car?

A van? "

"A small car."

Xiao Hao was stunned. After a moment, he said with a face full of emotion, "Brother, please accept this little brother's bow …"

As Xiao Hao spoke, he was about to bend one leg and kowtow like in martial arts movies. Li Mu lifted him up with one hand and said, "You can go, but you have to keep it a secret from your parents. Do you understand?"

"Don't worry, I won't tell them even if you beat me to death!"

After a few minutes, they arrived at Li Mu's Metersbonwe store.

Little Aunt asked in surprise, "Brother-in-law, why aren't you leaving?"

Papa Lee pointed at the Metersbonwe by the roadside. "This is the one."

At this moment, the Metersbonwe store was still brightly lit. The door was lit, and the lights in the store were also on.

The huge glass display windows were covered with anti-theft curtains. Although it blocked the line of sight, it basically didn't affect it. It was Li Mu's idea to turn on the lights at night. It was eye-catching. It was just a small electricity bill, but the advertising effect was very different.

Little Aunt looked at the huge Metersbonwe store and blurted out in shock, "Second Brother-in-law, are you kidding me?

This store even used the building advertisement of Wan Ying Company. People said that it was opened by a relative of the boss of Wan Ying Company. How could it be opened by you? "

Papa Lee didn't know about the building advertisement. Seeing that Little Aunt didn't believe him, he took out the key and opened the shutter door.

As soon as he opened the door, the advertising poster on the glass door of the store was revealed. "Metersbonwe officially arrives in Haizhou on August 18th. If the audience reaches 299, you will get a free backpack. Don't give anything away!"

This action made everyone dumbfounded.

August 18th. Little Aunt looked at the time on her phone. Wasn't it tomorrow?

Even though Papa Lee had opened the shutter door himself, she still didn't want to believe that he was the one who opened it.

First Uncle didn't believe it either.

First Aunt didn't believe it either.

People who liked to look down on others would find it difficult to adapt to looking up to others in such a short period of time, especially when they had always been looked down on.

They were more willing to believe that Papa Lee was the doorkeeper of this store. That was why he could take out the key and open the shutter door.

However, Papa Lee pushed open the glass door in a relaxed and calm manner. He took half a step in and turned around. "Everyone, come in and take a look. I've checked the almanac. We'll officially open for business at 9: 58 tomorrow morning. It's a Saturday, so if you don't have anything else to do, come and support us in the morning."

At this point, it was meaningless for those who didn't believe him to continue lying to themselves.

Moreover, it was clearly written on the business registration documents hanging in the store. The taxpayer and owner of this store was Li Daoping. This was an iron-clad fact.

First Uncle's expression was extremely ugly. He couldn't understand why Li Daoping would suddenly spend so much money to open a store like this without anyone noticing. If such a store really opened for business, how much would it earn in a month?

Although he had never been in the clothing business, he had more or less heard about it. He was an employee of the tax department himself. It was said that the few specialty stores in Haizhou that were much smaller than Li Daoping's store had a monthly turnover of around two to three hundred thousand. Such a big store would probably cost four to five hundred thousand a month?

First Aunt, who was standing at the side, only had one thing on her mind as she looked at the almost extravagant renovation: How much did it cost in total?

As for Little Aunt …

The moment she thought of her arrogant words at the dinner table, her face burned and her eyes went dry.

The moment she remembered that Second Brother-in-law had asked her to come up with ideas, she felt even more ashamed.

Look at the renovation of this specialty store. It was countless times better than her own home. They were so rich that they didn't even turn off the lights at night. The small clothing store that she opened was only the size of the cashier. What advice could she give?

Wasn't that a joke?

For the first time, Little Aunt realized her mistake in the past. She was too egoistic and self-righteous. She always felt that others were inferior to her. But when others peeled away the layer of mist, the beauty and vastness of the hidden mountains and rivers far exceeded her imagination.

The other relatives were also very surprised, but they didn't ask much. They just looked around and occasionally gave a few words of praise.

First Aunt calculated for a long time and asked with a somewhat awkward expression, "Daoping, I'm afraid two hundred thousand won't be enough to open this store of yours, right?"

First Aunt deliberately emphasized the word 'two'.

Little Aunt thought to herself, 'Metersbonwe is a famous brand. Although I'm in the children's clothing business, I have some insider knowledge of this industry. If I open such a store, two hundred thousand won't even be enough to pay for the joining fee and the goods. Not to mention such a big store, how much would the rent be?

How much would the renovation cost?

I'm afraid that the renovation alone would cost more than two hundred thousand.

After some calculation, not to mention two hundred thousand, it would probably cost at least five to six hundred thousand.

Papa Lee didn't say the exact amount, but said with a bit of modesty, "It's about the same."

First Aunt nodded with a complicated expression and gave First Uncle a look. First Uncle hurriedly asked again, "Daoping, do you have other ways to make money that you haven't told us?"

Papa Lee chuckled. "Didn't Little Mu say it last time? I sold some coal for electricity previously."

First Uncle didn't believe him and asked suspiciously, "Guo Lin, the mine manager of your mine, is famous for being greedy. I heard that every ton of coal has to be approved by him. How did you get the coal for electricity from him?"

Papa Lee said, "It's not the Xiling Coal Mine. It's another coal mine. I have a high school classmate there, so I just happened to get in touch with him. Besides, it's my classmate and classmate Little Mu's father who are making the most money. I'm just the middleman and getting some of the leftovers."

First Uncle's heart was sour and uncomfortable. How could they spend so much money to open a shop just to get some leftovers?

His wife didn't know how to calculate, but he wasn't stupid. With a glance, he could tell that the hardware alone would cost more than three hundred thousand. Including the rent and other miscellaneous expenses, it would cost at least four hundred thousand.

If he could earn four hundred thousand just by getting some leftovers, then wouldn't he earn tens of thousands just by casually skimming some oil?

Uncomfortable, it was really f * cking uncomfortable.

He had always felt that he was the head of the family and the one who was doing the best in the family. He and his wife could save about thirty thousand a year. Before this, he felt that his family was already very impressive. If he saved for a few more years, he might be able to get a car to drive. The Santana that he had always coveted was still selling for a little more than one hundred and twenty thousand now. Maybe in another two years, he could directly buy one.

Before tonight, everything was good. The world was peaceful, life was happy, and the future was bright. But at this moment, the sense of superiority that he had built up over the years instantly collapsed. Not only did he feel a sense of loss, but he also felt distorted and uncomfortable.

At this moment, Li Mu was in a good mood. What was the purpose of his rebirth? Wasn't it all for this?

He wanted to make his parents happy and make them proud. He also wanted his parents to stand tall and let others look at them in a different light. This was a dream that he couldn't achieve in his previous life, but in this life, he was starting to realize it step by step.

Although he calmed down and thought about it, ever since he was reborn, he didn't earn much money. Opening this shop had cost him more than half of it. However, he wasn't anxious at all. There would be plenty of opportunities to earn money in the future. If he waited for another one or two years, he was afraid that he would break his back just to pick up the money.