Chapter 1487

After breakfast, Larry Page couldn't find a chance to go back to rest. Li Mu asked Peng Yuyan to take him to experience Hua Xia's rural life. So, with two dark circles under his eyes, Larry Page was taken by Peng Yuyan into the mountains to collect firewood …

In order to pursue the essence of rural life, Mushroom Hut did not use peat and lump coal, which were very common in the countryside. In addition to the wheat straw and corn straw purchased from the villagers, all the firewood was dry branches that the guests picked up from the woods at the foot of the mountain, and then chopped into small flammable pieces.

When Larry Page was dragged into the mountains, his heart was extremely broken, but he still gritted his teeth and persevered. Carrying a basket and a chopping knife, he followed Peng Yuyan into the mountains.

When it was close to noon, Du Wei came.

On the way here, Du Wei already knew that her guest for the previous episode was Li Mu, so she looked forward to it with a heart full of excitement.

When Du Wei arrived at Mushroom Hut, Peng Yuyan and Larry Page had not returned yet. He Lu and Huang Lei were preparing lunch, and Li Mu took the initiative to help Huang Lei light up the two stoves. Hearing the knock on the door, Li Mu glanced at the two people who were washing vegetables and picking vegetables. He took the initiative to stand up and said, "I'll go open the door."

Li Mu knew that the person who knocked on the door must be Du Wei, but Du Wei was not sure that it would be Li Mu who opened the door.

So, the moment Li Mu opened the door, the surprise in Du Wei's eyes was revealed without reservation.

"Big Brother Li Mu!"

On the way here, Du Wei was still reminding herself that when she saw Li Mu during the recording, she must not call him Big Brother Li Mu like before. She must call him Li Zong like everyone else. This was not only a kind of respect for him, but also a kind of protection for him within her ability.

As an artist who had already stepped into the entertainment industry, whether it was singing or acting, Du Wei's strength and fame were first-rate, and her family background was extremely strong. Such a girl was more indifferent to love and humiliation than ordinary girls, so she was not afraid of scandals from the first day of her debut. However, she was worried that her intimate address would cause unnecessary scandals for Li Mu, so it was more appropriate to keep a sufficient distance from Li Mu in front of the camera.

However, although she thought so on the way here, when she really saw Li Mu, she still couldn't control herself.

For Du Wei, Li Mu played an important role in her heart. From the first time she met Li Mu, to the first time she sang the song Li Mu wrote for her, to acting in the micro-film directed by Li Mu, and to Li Mu promoting her all the way to becoming a first-rate star, Du Wei's sense of dependence on Li Mu in her heart even exceeded that of her sister and her parents.

However, as Li Mu's career became bigger and bigger, Du Wei rarely had the opportunity to meet Li Mu as often as before, and even often stayed with Li Mu for a long time. Now thinking about it, the happiest time for Du Wei was the days when Li Mu took her into the studio to record. In the closed recording environment, Li Mu had always been by her side, giving her advice and encouragement. The length of those days would still appear in Du Wei's memory.

Li Mu hadn't seen Du Wei for a long time. Suddenly seeing her in front of him, he really felt his eyes light up.

Du Wei was wearing a long beige dress and a yellow round hat. Her youthful and pure temperament was like a summer flower blooming in front of him. It was no wonder that Du Wei could become so popular so quickly and so thoroughly. In the entertainment industry, there was almost no other girl like her.

When Li Mu heard Du Wei's familiar way of addressing him, he didn't feel that there was anything wrong. He looked at her and smiled. He had already stretched out his arms and treated her like a little sister. He said dotingly, "We haven't seen each other for so long. Did you miss your big brother?"

"Yes." Du Wei nodded repeatedly, and her cheeks seemed to be a little red.

Then, Du Wei stepped through the door and gently hugged Li Mu.

Li Mu's hug was light and gentle. However, Du Wei threw herself into Li Mu's arms. The side of her face was pressed against Li Mu's chest for a moment before she reluctantly separated from him.

Du Wei's entire facial expression was completely captured by the nearest camera. When the cameraman saw this scene, there was only one thought in his mind: It seems that this part can't be broadcast.

At this time, He Lu and Huang Lei also wiped their hands and walked over. He Lu knew Du Wei. As soon as she saw her, she said happily, "Xiaowei, it's you!

Long time no see! "

Du Wei nodded obediently, bowed slightly, and said sweetly, "Hello, Teacher He."

He Lu pointed to Huang Lei beside her and asked Du Wei, "You haven't seen Teacher Huang yet, have you?"

Du Wei smiled shyly and said, "I haven't seen Teacher Huang, but I've liked him for a long time."

After that, she bowed slightly and said to Huang Lei, "Hello, Teacher Huang. It's our first time meeting. Please take care of me."

Huang Lei joked, "Oh, Xiaowei is much more beautiful in real life than on TV. I guess Peng's eyes won't be able to pull out when he comes back."

He Lu smiled and said, "Don't always make fun of Peng. He is very reserved most of the time."

At this time, Li Mu said to the two, "Xiaowei is a signed artist of our Makino Image, and she is such a beautiful and delicate girl. Don't arrange any heavy work for her."

Huang Lei said, "Don't worry. The Three Swordsmen of the Mushroom House are very gentlemanly. When a girl comes, she only needs to eat, drink, and play. She doesn't need to do any housework."

Du Wei hurriedly said, "No, no, I can still do a lot of things. If there is any housework, just tell me."

He Lu said, "Let Li Zong take you to familiarize yourself with our environment first. After lunch, let's go to town to buy groceries."

Li Mu helped Du Wei pull her small suitcase and took her to tour the Mushroom House. Du Wei was a little absent-minded. After listening for a while, she didn't hear anything, so she bit her lip and asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, when are you going back?"

Li Mu said, "I'll go back after lunch."

Du Wei asked again, "Then will you be in Yanjing recently?

Or are you going to the United States again? "

Li Mu replied, "I should be in Yanjing during this period of time. I won't go to the United States."

Du Wei said, "My sister told me that you are operating a film and television base project. Brother Li Mu, are you staying in Yanjing mainly for this?"

"Part of it."

Li Mu said truthfully, "The film and television base project has already been approved by the Yanjing municipal government. The rest is the meeting between the three places. This is mainly handled by Weilan. I may not participate too much."

Du Wei nodded and said with a face full of expectation, "Then, if you have time, I'll treat you to a meal?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "How can I let you treat me to a meal? If you want to eat, it should be me."

"Anything is fine."

Du Wei giggled and said, "Then it's settled. If you have time in the near future, treat me to a meal."

"No problem." Li Mu agreed readily and asked, "When are you free?"

Du Wei said, "I'm free anytime. Brother Li Mu, you can arrange a time and let me know."

Then, Du Wei asked again, "Oh right, Brother Li Mu, will you be at the premiere of 'Crazy Stone' next week?

Brother Ning Hao invited me, and I've already promised him that I'll attend. "

Li Mu said, "Ning Hao didn't invite me!"

"How could that be …" Du Wei's face was full of disbelief. "You're his boss, why wouldn't he invite you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I know about the movie's release recently. He also told me about the pre-release publicity, but he didn't tell me about the premiere."

Du Wei nodded and said, "Maybe he knows that you're usually too busy, so he's too embarrassed to tell you."

Li Mu said, "That's possible, but I think he'll ask me when he's in front of me. The main thing is that my time is too unpredictable."

Du Wei said, "A few days ago, Brother Ning Hao invited me to attend the internal screening. This movie is really too good, and it's especially funny."

"Is that so?" Li Mu asked with a smile, "You watched the released version, right?"

Du Wei said, "We watched the released version first. Because it was so good, we asked to watch the other two versions as well. One is the extended version, and the other is the Mandarin version. However, the released version is still the best. Most of the people in it speak in dialects, and even Liu Tianwang speaks in Hong Kong dialect. There's no dubbing."

After saying that, Du Wei added, "Everyone said that this movie will definitely break the box office record of domestic comedy movies. Moreover, SARS has just passed, and everyone needs such a comedy movie that can completely relax. If Brother Li Mu has time, you should go and support Brother Ning Hao. Maybe this movie can even break the box office record of 'Those Years'."

Li Mu nodded seriously and said with a smile, "I believe in Ning Hao's ability. It shouldn't be a problem for this movie to break the box office record."

Speaking of this, Li Mu sighed and said, "It's such an important thing. I really have to go and support him. How about this, I'll call him on the way back and ask for the specific time. I'll go there then."

"Great!"

Du Wei cheered excitedly and said, "Brother Li Mu, the premiere will be held at the Yanjing Film Museum, which is quite far from our school. If it's convenient for you, can you pick me up at our school?"

"No problem."

…

When Larry Page came back with Peng Yuyan to collect firewood, it was almost time for dinner. The morning's labor was almost exhausting for him, and he was exhausted.

After having lunch with the three guests and Du Wei, Li Mu took Larry Page to the car back to the city.

After saying goodbye to the three guests and Du Wei through the window, the motorcade began to return. Larry Page was so tired that he fell asleep as soon as he got in the car. Li Mu sat next to him and was about to call Ning Hao.

At this time, the assistant director, who had been sitting in the passenger seat, turned around and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the director asked me to ask you if the scene where Du Wei and you hugged each other in the mushroom house should be cut out?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why should it be cut out?"

The assistant director said, "The director is mainly worried that the audience will misunderstand and bring unnecessary negative influence to you."