Chapter 751

Ever since Li Mu was reborn, he felt that his biggest improvement was learning how to make the best use of all kinds of resources.

This interview was the best opportunity to take revenge on Boss Ma.

Before Liu Shixiong accepted the interview, Li Mu had already rehearsed his lines with him. No matter what, Li Mu felt that Liu Shixiong, as the legal representative of Taobao, had to show his magnanimity and integrity during the interview. Therefore, he definitely couldn't directly condemn Boss Ma's actions. The best way was to inadvertently release some small clues to the reporters so that they could get to the bottom of it.

It was also because the reporters' sense of smell was too sharp. The little clues in Liu Shixiong's words were immediately caught by the reporters. Then, they asked about the fact that when Taobao Brand Day was creating a new economic miracle in the country, there were actually three private delivery companies that maliciously stopped receiving deliveries, using this as an excuse to drag Taobao down. This was a huge news point, how could the reporters not dig deeper?

At this time, the news on the television had just finished showing Liu Shixiong's helpless sigh. Then, the scene on the television switched to the studio. A male and a female news anchor started to continue the topic.

The female anchor looked at the male news anchor beside her with a face full of curiosity. "Chen Feng, don't you think this is a bit against common sense? These three delivery companies obviously didn't want to earn money. What was their purpose in doing this?"

"Indeed."

The male host smiled and said, "From a normal point of view, express delivery companies should do their best to receive and deliver packages. The more Taobao Brand Day, when there is a large demand for express deliveries, the more critical the time is for them to do their best to attract business. However, these three express delivery companies clearly violated the rules of the market. Our reporters believed that there must be some hidden secrets behind this, so they followed the clues and found some clues."

At this time, the female news anchor said, "Let's take a look and see if our colleagues who went to the Industry and Commerce Bureau for investigation have found anything."

The scene changed to an office. A man in an industry and commerce uniform faced the female reporter, holding a document, and very carefully introduced, "From the public information in the industry and commerce system, we can see that the three delivery companies, Yanjing Express, Shanghai Shentong, and Yuantong, all underwent a change of ownership earlier this year. The absolute controlling company of these three companies is Hangzhou Alibaba, right?"

The reporter asked in surprise, "Alibaba has already fully acquired these three delivery companies?"

The reporter nodded and said firmly, "Yes, 100% acquisition. These three companies are all subsidiaries of Alibaba."

The reporter hurriedly asked, "Then can we understand that these three delivery companies stopped receiving deliveries at the same time on Taobao Brand Day under the instruction of Alibaba?"

The reporter shrugged and smiled. "That's not something I can guess. But from the company structure, only Alibaba can control these three companies at the same time."

The reporter nodded lightly. "I understand. Alibaba is a relatively famous e-commerce company in Hangzhou. Last year, they were even named the world's best B2B platform. It seems like there is some kind of competitive relationship involved."

After a pause, the reporter said, "Thank you, Chief Zhang, for taking the time out of your busy schedule to explain the situation to us. Thank you."

The scene changed back to the studio. The female news anchor sighed and said, "I didn't expect these three delivery companies to be backed by the same boss. No wonder they all stopped receiving deliveries on Taobao Brand Day. Hey, Chen Feng, do you think they are purposely creating some trouble for Taobao?"

The male streamer smiled slightly. "Zhou Ling, I have to correct your statement first. You can't say that these three delivery companies all have the same boss behind them. You can only say that these three delivery companies are all controlled by the same company. However, I personally agree with your inference. For a delivery company to stop receiving packages is something that clearly goes against the rules of the market, there must be some ulterior motive behind it. The possibility of competition is a bit higher …"

Seeing this, Boss Ma's patience had reached its limit. He really couldn't continue watching, so he grabbed the remote control from the floor and immediately turned off the television.

The television screen instantly shrunk into a ball of white light in the center of the screen, then disappeared in an instant. Boss Ma's heart was filled with anger and hatred, but more than that, he was panicking.

Originally, he and Li Mu were only competing on the company level. Li Mu's Taobao was growing too fast and too scary. It just so happened that it covered the "2C" level of business. To Boss Ma, who was doing B2B business, B2C and C2C were his real sea of stars. He thought it was an ocean that he could wander in to his heart's content, but he didn't expect that a giant whale like Taobao would be lying in wait. He had to fight to the death with Li Mu.

However, he didn't expect Taobao to suddenly become the focus of the whole country's attention. The government had a whole new level of respect for it, and the people also saw it as a beautiful product that could change their lives, change their consumption patterns, and improve the convenience and transparency of consumption. At this time, it was suddenly exposed that Alibaba had used its courier company to cause trouble for Taobao. This time, Alibaba's reputation was completely ruined!

In fact, the Zhejiang Province Satellite TV report that Boss Ma saw was relatively mild. After all, Alibaba was also a famous local Internet company in Zhejiang Province. Therefore, the local media more or less left some face. At this moment, the reports of other provinces' media had already thrown all kinds of accusations at Alibaba.

"Disrupting the market for competition. Fortunately, Alibaba is not in the pharmaceutical industry!"

"Competition in the Internet industry has finally reached the highest level of shamelessness!"

"Business competition should not sacrifice the interests of society!"

"Business competition should have moral constraints. A business cannot be without morals and immoral!"

"Taobao is benefiting the public. What about you?"

For a moment, reports with such titles filled the television, newspapers, and the Internet. Alibaba suddenly became the target of public criticism, and it was scolded on the Internet.

The websites of the Beijing and Shanghai governments released an announcement overnight. The local postal administration would order the three courier companies to submit written materials to the relevant departments within 48 hours to explain why they would stop receiving packages on Taobao Brand Day. At the same time, a special investigation team would be set up to thoroughly investigate the illegal operations of the three courier companies. Once it was verified, the companies involved would be severely punished.

The postal express business was a basic area of people's livelihood. Although the country allowed private enterprises to engage in this industry, the relevant enterprises had to be managed by the local postal administration. Once serious illegal operations were involved in the basic level of people's livelihood, the government had the right to impose administrative penalties, including but not limited to ordering to stop business for rectification, revoking business licenses, imposing fines, and so on.

When the two municipal governments announced the news and the media reported it, there was a lot of cheering on the Internet. Boss Ma never dreamed that he would shoot himself in the foot. Alibaba suddenly became a street rat in front of the public. Everyone wanted to beat him up, and even their investors called him overnight to question him, asking him to handle this reputation crisis well.

Boss Ma felt as if he had fallen into a swamp. Not only was he unable to move, but he was sinking deeper and deeper. This was the first time in his many years in business that he felt despair.

The trouble at hand was too big!

The huge impact on their reputation was only one aspect. The big problem was what kind of punishment the three courier companies would face and the subsequent impact.

These problems ultimately affected Le Tao's plan to go online. Le Tao's biggest advantage was its three supporting logistics companies. If the three logistics companies were punished, Le Tao's advantage would be greatly affected. When the time came, if Le Tao, whose advantage was greatly weakened, appeared in the public's scolding, it would directly shatter Boss Ma's dream of a 2C!

If the 2C could not be launched, Alibaba's future development would be greatly reduced!

Boss Ma, who was in despair, hated Li Mu's move to the bone. He gritted his teeth and cursed Li Mu for being too ruthless. However, he did not think about it carefully. He wanted to force Taobao's warehouse to burst, and he wanted to take the opportunity to use his own Le Tao and courier company business to trample on Taobao. His plan was much more vicious than Li Mu's move of borrowing strength to fight strength!

All business competitions could be summed up in four words: Winner takes all, and loser takes all.

While Boss Ma hated Li Mu to the bone, Li Mu was at home, watching TV with his parents.

His parents also knew the shocking news of Taobao selling 2.683 billion in a day. Fortunately, they had witnessed and learned too many shocking things in the past few days. Their nerves had long been honed, and they were not so sensitive.

At this time, Wu Haijun, who was in the hotel, was having a meeting with the shareholders who had just arrived in Yanjing. Everyone's opinions on Li Mu's trip were not very unified. The main reason was that Li Mu's conditions were too harsh. The 40% share quota was too high for the shareholders who did not have enough shares. If they agreed to let Li Mu invest, then their shares would be too diluted.

Wu Haijun himself supported letting Li Mu invest. If not, he would not have called this group of people over overnight. He could have just rejected Li Mu directly. The key was to ride on Li Mu's coattails and get ready to profit as much as possible before the PC market exploded.

The opposing group also had their own theories to support it. They felt that the rise of Taobao would be a dividend for the entire industry. Even if Shenzhou did not cooperate with Li Mu, once Li Mu started the development of the Internet, Shenzhou, as a manufacturer, would naturally be able to profit from it. Moreover, Shenzhou had its own price advantage in the market. When the industry's dividend arrived, even if they were not in Li Mu's car, they would still be able to reap huge profits. Based on this theory, they could only agree to let Li Mu invest 20% and at least 70% in cash. The resources and channels in his hands could only cover 30%.

Wu Haijun had met Li Mu once. These shareholders had never seen Li Mu's strength before. If they really wanted to talk to Li Mu with 20% of the shares and 70% in cash, they were afraid that they would directly offend Li Mu.

The negotiations were in a stalemate until Wu Haijun's assistant received the news and whispered into Wu Haijun's ear. Wu Haijun stopped the meeting and turned on the television.

Almost all of the evening news programs were broadcasting news related to Taobao, and they all reported on the three logistics companies in Alibaba, Baiba, and even the decisions made by the two governments on the three express delivery companies.

Everyone present was very surprised. They did not expect that Li Mu did not even need to make a move. Liu Xiaodong's simple words had forced Alibaba to this point. The reaction speed of the two governments was also astonishing. It showed how much influence Taobao had at this stage.

Shenzhou's predecessor started out in the hardware business. Everyone was very familiar with Alibaba's B2B business. They were even users of its B2B platform. They understood the strength of Alibaba, but they did not expect it to be so vulnerable in front of Taobao.

The atmosphere suddenly became a little heavy.

Wu Haijun was surprisingly relaxed.

He felt that the shareholders present seemed to have started to re-examine the cooperation with Li Mu in their hearts.

Indeed, a few minutes later, a shareholder said, "I take back what I said just now. If CEO Wu is sure that you want to cooperate with Li Mu, I have no objections."

Immediately, someone responded, "I have no objections either …"