Chapter 1819

When the Muino Aurora was unveiled to the world for the first time, everyone was amazed by its unparalleled appearance.

Nowadays, the aesthetics of car styling was still very backward. Many car models were still designed in a very mediocre square shape or arc shape. The two most representative models were the ordinary Santana and the old Audi A6.

The Santana looked like it was carved out of a block of tofu, while the old Audi's buttocks looked similar to the buttocks of a corgi. They were both round and smooth.

It would take at least another five or six years or even longer for the automotive industry to enter the next big step. Therefore, the appearance of the Aurora at this time brought a shock to the entire automotive industry.

In Li Mu's previous life, the Aurora was launched in late 2010 or early 2011. Even at that time, it shocked the world. What's more, Li Mu had directly moved the timeline forward by five or six years.

At this time, the audience was in a state of shock and exclamation. The media reporters pushed their shutter speeds to the extreme, constantly surrounding the four cars and taking a large number of high-definition photos.

Some reporters with wireless network cards had already begun to directly send photos of the car models back to their units.

At this time, the Muino Automotive Group and Li Mu's private Weibo also simultaneously released beautiful photos that had been prepared in advance. The Muino Aurora was officially released!

As soon as this car was released, it was immediately defined by most people as one of the most beautiful concept cars. Most of them felt that it was the most beautiful concept car, more beautiful than any other concept car, and more beautiful than all the mass-produced cars today.

Li Mu stood on the stage, accepting the exclamations and cheers of the audience. After a few minutes, the enthusiasm of the audience finally subsided a little.

At this time, Li Mu seized the opportunity and continued to say, "As you can see, our Muino Aurora has used many very special design languages. As the first concept car of the Muino Automotive Group, we attach great importance to this model. Not only did we use a new design in the appearance, but we also carried out very bold innovations in the interior."

With that, Li Mu pointed at the big screen behind him and said, "Next, please take a look at the interior view of our car!

Then, a high-definition image of the interior of a Makino Aurora appeared on the big screen. The interior of this car was almost identical to the interior of Benz's new C Series. Coupled with the ambient lights, it looked extremely luxurious!

The audience let out another series of exclamations!

There was no need to ask about the standard of the interior. Anyone who saw it would definitely say that the interior of this car was simply top-notch.

Even Benz, Rolls Royce, Bentley, and even those expensive sports cars were inferior to this car in terms of interior design!

The LCD screen in the center displayed the logo of the Muye Automobile Group. It was so high-tech!

Even Li Mu's own Benz G only had a very old digital screen with white text on a blue background. It could only display the most basic information. If the song title was a little longer, it wouldn't even be able to display it.

In comparison, the interior of this car was more than a generation behind!

Benz's new C Series was launched around 2015. At that time, with its unparalleled interior design, it became the representative model of luxury car interior design.

Compared to this, the interior design of BMW and Audi was simply inferior.

Mercedes-Benz also relied on that generation of interior design style to fight a beautiful turnaround battle.

Now, Li Mu had brought the interior design that would shock the world ten years later to that of ten years ago, and the whole world was even more amazed.

At this time, all those who had previously looked down on Li Mu's car manufacturing and Muye Automobile Group shut their mouths.

They were truly convinced.

Many people in the industry could see at a glance that this car, with its unparalleled exterior and interior design, would definitely be able to sell as long as it could run. Moreover, there would be a lot of people chasing after it!

Now, the question that everyone was most concerned about was whether this concept car could be mass-produced.

After all, 90% of concept cars were products that the automobile manufacturers took out to show off. They piled many things that could not be mass-produced for the time being and took them out during the auto show to let the world see their technological sense and forward-looking vision. After the auto show, the car would most likely be gone.

Although the remaining 10% of concept cars could be mass-produced, the mass-produced model would be greatly modified compared to the concept car, to the point that it was almost unrecognizable.

Therefore, there was only one question that the whole world was concerned about: Would this car be mass-produced?

At this time, Li Mu said, "Although at this stage, the Muye Aurora is only a concept car, we have a clear production schedule. This car will start mass production at the end of this year or the beginning of next year. At that time, the official version on the market will completely retain the design style of the concept car!

That means that what you see here today will be almost exactly the same as what you will be able to buy next year! "

This sentence made the audience completely excited!

Everyone was waiting for this sentence!

It was like a reassuring pill that made everyone excited.

If such a beautiful car was not mass-produced, it would simply be a reckless waste of God's gift. It would be a complete waste of such an excellent, advanced, and perfect design.

Once this model was mass-produced, it would definitely become the new favorite of the entire SUV market. Muye Motors was likely to usher in a perfect start for the entire group because of this model.

After this press conference, it caused a huge earthquake in the automobile industry.

Photos of the Muye Aurora were widely circulated on the Internet. Almost everyone was amazed when they saw it, especially the female compatriots. Those who had the money were almost ready to buy a car at any time.

The automotive media in Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States immediately put the news of the Muye Aurora on the front page.

Every media outlet was full of praise for this model. The Japanese companies put out several SUVs from Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Subaru, and Mazda, and compared them to the Makino Aurora. The host even said, "I feel that all of our domestic SUVs of the same class combined are not as good-looking as the Makino Aurora."

The German auto media said, "It seems that all of a sudden, Muye Automobile Group has done what Benz and Audi do best. Not only did they make the exterior of a car impeccable, but they also made the interior of the car the best. Now, looking at the interior of Benz's S-Class, I want to ask, can this also be considered a luxury car?"

A very famous British motoring show, Top Gear

Jeremy Clarkson, had always been famous for his sharp tongue. However, this time, he said on his personal Weibo, Twitter, "There is no doubt that the Muye Aurora is the most beautiful SUV I have ever seen. The moment I see it, space, power, four-wheel drive system, and the ability to get out of trouble are no longer important!"

"Before, we were still worried that Land Rover and Jaguar would directly decline and die in the hands of Muye Automobile Group. Now, it seems that we don't need to worry about such a problem at all. Judging from the industrial design of the Muye Aurora, Muye Automobile Group has surpassed the strength of Land Rover and Jaguar. It has even reached a height that the whole world can't reach!"

"The Muye Aurora will be a monument in the history of automotive industry design!

The design language it conveys will become an object that the world will compete to pursue and imitate!

If this car were in front of me right now, I would be willing to kiss every piece of its paint, every piece of its leather interior, every wooden panel, and that cool LCD screen! "

There was no doubt that the Muye Aurora would make Muye Automobile Group famous all over the world. Li Mu had even begun to plan to use one of the Land Rover production lines to produce the Muye Aurora. At the same time, he would invest in the construction of two more production lines to produce the Aurora.

The Aurora had been very popular in Li Mu's previous life. However, because it was too popular in the early stages, there had been a terrifying incident where the price was increased by 50%. As a result, it gradually gave consumers the impression that the price-performance ratio was not high, or even very low.

In fact, a model like the Aurora should be priced in the 200,000-400,000 range, and the main model should be priced in the 200,000-300,000 range. At this price, the price-performance ratio of this car could be said to be invincible.

If its price was not much different from that of a CRV, this car would definitely be a worldwide hit.

When that time came, the Muye Aurora would become a mass-produced model for Muye Automobile Group.

In addition to the Muye Aurora SUV, Li Mu had also begun to introduce two other models, a B-class car and an A-class car.

The A-class car was a compact family car, while the B-class was an ordinary medium-sized family car. These two cars had always been the best-selling models in the market.

Almost all of the popular models like Langyi, Xuanyi, Corolla, and Bora were A-class cars.

Passat, A4, Mercedes-Benz C-class, BMW 3 Series, Accord, Camry, Teana, these popular models were all B-class cars.

If he could produce an A-class car and a B-class car, he would basically cover 70-80% of the family car market!

Li Mu rummaged through his memory for a long time. For the A-class car, he planned to use the exterior design of the new Civic. As for the B-class car, he planned to use the exterior design of the new Benz C Series.

As for the interior design, he would directly transplant the interior design of the Muye Aurora. After all, the interior design of the Benz C Series could be said to be the best interior design in the market.

Once these three models were finalized and mass-produced, they would at least open up the market for Muye Automobile Group and expand the influence of the Muye Automobile Group with these three models.

As for luxury cars, Li Mu did not plan to touch them for the time being.

First of all, it was somewhat difficult to produce a domestic luxury car. Second, the luxury car market was not as big as imagined.

The most profitable car brands in the world were basically ordinary car brands like Toyota and Volkswagen. The profit margins of companies like Benz, BMW, Bentley, and Ferrari were not as high as the former, mainly because the former had more customers and market share.

If Muye Automobile Group could cause a strong impact on the low-and mid-range market of Toyota and Volkswagen, they would not have to worry about profits at all in the future!