Chapter 191

After Kong Lingyu packed up his laptop, he carried his bag and ran away. Li Mu sent him out. When he came back, Zhao Ziqiu had already started to open the foam box in the kitchen. There were twenty big crabs neatly placed inside. They were all very big, and they looked like they were still spitting bubbles. None of them were dead.

Li Mu's home was near the sea, so he usually ate a lot of seafood. However, they didn't have hairy crabs from freshwater lakes at home, so he didn't usually eat them. How did they become the thing he was most concerned about?

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Go buy a toothbrush later and brush them clean. Then, put them in the steamer and steam them. They'll be delicious when dipped in the sauce."

Li Mu nodded. "Since you sound very professional, then I won't care about this stall anymore. I'm just waiting to eat."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "I didn't plan to let you do it. Accompany me to the supermarket. After we come back, you can do what you need to do. I'll do it."

Li Mu asked, "Do you often do housework at home?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Not very often."

But in her heart, she said, "I've never done it before. Even my mother rarely cooks at home. Usually, it's the auntie who does it."

Li Mu asked again, "Have you cooked crabs before?"

Zhao Ziqiu felt that Li Mu seemed to be worried about her cooking, so she said, "Oh, don't worry. It won't hurt you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not afraid of getting sick or anything. The main thing is that these crabs look very good. Don't waste them."

Zhao Ziqiu wrinkled her nose and said with her chest out, "Don't look down on me. I'll show you my strength later."

Zhao Ziqiu's special posture made Li Mu involuntarily look down at the curve of her chest. He secretly sighed in his heart. Sure enough, the one who was favored was fearless. Such a figure was enough to make those women who were still desperately trying to get breast implants envious and jealous.

Beijing's economic development in 2001 was also very average. Take the supermarkets for example. Wal-Mart had not entered the market yet. Although Carrefour had already entered the market, the number of stores was severely insufficient. Within a few kilometers of Renmin University, there was only one real comprehensive supermarket, Hualian Supermarket. The area was not considered big, and it only had one floor.

Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu took a taxi to Hualian Supermarket. After entering the supermarket, Zhao Ziqiu texted while walking to the seasoning area.

She wanted to send a text message to her mother to ask what exactly was needed for the hairy crab sauce and if there was anything to pay attention to.

The hairy crab itself was very easy to make. It only needed to be washed and steamed. However, if the dipping sauce was not good, the deliciousness would be greatly reduced.

In the text message, Zhao Ziqiu's mother told her what was needed to make the dipping sauce and told her some tips on how to match it.

Zhao Ziqiu thanked her mother and began to happily pick out all kinds of seasonings on her phone. The dipping sauce sent by her mother was a little complicated. It included yellow wine, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, onion, ginger, and garlic. However, the more complicated it was, the more reliable Zhao Ziqiu felt. Therefore, she prepared the whole set of ingredients according to her mother's instructions.

Li Mu carried a shopping basket and followed by her side. He was fully prepared to help her.

At this time, Zhao Ziqiu's mother, who was far away in Hangzhou, was calculating her own thoughts.

Zhao Ziqiu's father's driver had delivered the hairy crabs at around 11 o 'clock. Now that her daughter was asking about the dipping sauce for the hairy crabs, she should be ready to make it. The hairy crabs still needed to be processed. Her daughter was concerned about where to make it and who to make it with.

Therefore, she sent a text message to Zhao Ziqiu, "Daughter, where are you going to make the crabs?"

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "I'm going to the Asian Games Village. It's not convenient in the dormitory."

"Are you going alone or with your classmates?"

"I'm going with Jingyi. I don't want to bring my classmates. I don't want people to think too much."

Jingyi, whom Zhao Ziqiu mentioned in the text message, was her childhood friend. They were classmates in middle school and high school. Now they were studying at Yanjing Film Academy. They were very close and knew each other very well. Zhao Ziqiu didn't want her classmates to know too much about her family. Therefore, Zhao Ziqiu's mother didn't doubt her words at all. She only told her to be careful when using gas and didn't talk to her anymore.

Zhao Ziqiu's mother, who was far away in Hangzhou, couldn't help but think of the young man she met in Yanjing a few days ago. Thinking of him, Zhao Ziqiu's mother felt that he was a perfect match for her daughter. Whether it was temperament, appearance, learning, or family background, he was a match made in heaven with her daughter. However, her daughter was still young, so it wasn't appropriate for her to say it too directly.

The more she thought about it, the more Zhao Ziqiu's mother wanted to create some opportunities for them. Therefore, she called the boy.

"Jiahui, I'm your Auntie Song."

"Hello, Auntie Song."

"Hello, I'm calling to ask you what you're doing now.

Have you eaten? "

"Not yet. I came out to help my dad with something today. I'm just about to go back."

"Is it done?"

"Yes, Auntie Song."

"Well, I asked someone to send some hairy crabs to Ziqiu this morning. She's loved them since she was a child. I just sent them to her, and she couldn't wait to cook them herself. I think if you don't have anything to do, you might as well go to the Asian Games Village to see her. There's only her and her high school classmate there. I'm worried about cooking with gas or something."

The other party was stunned for a moment and said, "Auntie Song, don't worry. I'll call Ziqiu later and ask if she needs help."

"Don't ask."

Zhao Ziqiu's mother said, "Ziqiu has a bad temper. Why don't you go directly to the Asian Games Village? Anyway, you've been there when you picked us up to the airport last time. You should remember the place, right?"

"Uh, I remember …"

"As long as you remember. Auntie won't bother you anymore."

As soon as she hung up, Zhao Ziqiu's father happened to pass by and asked curiously, "Wife, who are you calling?"

"Jiahui."

Zhao Ziqiu's mother smiled slightly and explained the situation. She then said, "How great would it be if our Ziqiu could get together with Jiahui? They'd be a perfect match."

Father Zhao shook his head. "The only thing we can do for this kind of thing is to let the two children get to know each other. It's best not to say anything else, lest Ziqiu be unhappy. Don't be fooled by your daughter's usual cheerful demeanor, she actually has her own ideas."

Zhao Ziqiu's mother said, "Jiahui is a really good child. I'm not saying that I want my child to fall in love too early, but it's not easy to meet someone who's suitable in all aspects. As a mother, I have to find a way to reserve some space for my daughter and let the children interact more. As long as they have each other in their hearts, that's enough. We don't have to worry about the rest, right?"

Father Zhao said indifferently, "The two of us have to work out a unified policy for our daughter's future."

"What unified policy?"

Father Zhao said, "First of all, we can't directly encourage our daughter to fall in love when she's just a freshman. So, we can only guide her and Jiahui's relationship, not force it."

"What else?"

"Also, we have to give our daughter a certain amount of respect. If she makes her own choice in the future, even if it goes against our wishes, we must maintain the basic principle of respecting our daughter."

Zhao Ziqiu's mother said, "We definitely can't just let her do whatever she wants. Otherwise, what will we do if she really finds someone from the wrong family?"

Father Zhao said indifferently, "She can find whoever she likes. It doesn't matter if they're from the right family. If the other party's background is better than ours, I'll do my best to prepare our daughter's future dowry so that she won't be looked down upon when she marries into her in-laws' family. If the other party's background isn't as good as ours, as long as our daughter takes a fancy to him, I don't have any objections. At worst, I'll raise them together."

"You make it sound so easy, but how many parents are like you?"

Father Zhao waved his hand helplessly and said, "Alright, let's not talk about this. Let's talk about this later. I have a social engagement at noon, so I won't be eating at home."

…

Zhao Ziqiu bought everything she needed to make the dipping sauce at the supermarket. Carrying a basket, Li Mu went with her to the kitchen to pick out a dual-purpose steamer.

Once the job was done, Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu returned to Yucheng Garden. As soon as they entered, Zhao Ziqiu hurried into the kitchen and started to clean the crabs with her new toothbrush. At the same time, she washed the steamer and left the water slowly boiling.

Li Mu wanted to help out, but Zhao Ziqiu refused no matter what he said, so Li Mu simply leaned against the kitchen door frame and watched Zhao Ziqiu busy herself.

Most men didn't like doing housework, and Li Mu was no exception. The more a man didn't like doing housework, the easier it was for a woman who did it to captivate them. Take Li Mu for example. Watching Zhao Ziqiu busy herself, his opinion of her subconsciously rose to another level.

At that moment, an imported Benz S-Class car drove into Zhao Ziqiu's villa district near the Asian Games Village. The driver drove up to Zhao Ziqiu's house with ease and familiarity, then got out of the car and rang the doorbell for a long time. The strange thing was that after ringing for a long time, no one paid any attention to him.

Wasn't Zhao Ziqiu and her childhood friend making hairy crabs here?

He even brought a few sets of crab removal tools, so why wasn't there anyone?

When Mrs. Zhao received his call, she was quite surprised. Why wasn't anyone answering in the villa?

Could it be that something happened to the two girls?

She anxiously called Zhao Ziqiu immediately.

Zhao Ziqiu was busy in the kitchen, and her phone was hanging in her pocket at the entrance. After ringing for a long time, it was Li Mu who first noticed something was wrong. He walked to the living room and saw that it was Zhao Ziqiu's phone ringing, so he took it out from her pocket and hurriedly handed it over.

Zhao Ziqiu answered almost immediately after the last ring. She immediately heard her mother asking nervously, "Ziqiu, are you okay?"

"I'm fine." Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "What's wrong?"

"Then …" Mrs. Zhao wanted to ask why she didn't open the door for Jiahui if she was fine, but she quickly swallowed her words. She pretended to be calm and asked, "Did you and Jingyi go to the Asian Games Village?"

"We're here." Zhao Ziqiu said with a bit of guilt, "I'm washing the crabs."

“

Mrs. Zhao was confused, so she asked, "Where's Jingyi?

I haven't seen her for a long time. I want to talk to her. "

"Well, Jingyi is in the bathroom …"