Chapter 1082

Speaking of the movie "The Princess Diaries," Li Mu had watched it in his previous life. The reason why he watched it was because his girlfriend in college forced him to watch it with her. It was also after watching the movie that Li Mu knew about Anne Hathaway.

"The Princess Diaries" was just a fast-food American youth movie. There were a lot of mainstream school movies where an ugly duckling turned into a swan in the United States. However, Anne Hathaway's image in that movie left a particularly deep impression on people.

For movies like this, the real cool point was nothing more than the visual contrast after the ugly duckling turned into a swan, as well as the behavior contrast of being pretentious. In "The Princess Diaries," the visual contrast before and after Anne Hathaway's transformation was so great that it could be said to be rare in similar movies.

It was precisely because he remembered that Anne Hathaway had amazed the audience in the movie that Li Mu had a deep impression of her.

For a long time after that, Li Mu didn't watch many movies starring Anne Hathaway until his favorite "Interstellar" was released. That movie updated Li Mu's impression of Anne Hathaway. Therefore, when he really saw the 20-year-old Anne Hathaway with his eyes, he could not recognize her at first sight.

Anne Hathaway didn't doubt that Li Mu had watched "The Princess Diaries," because that was not only her first movie, but also her only movie that was somewhat famous. Most people who knew her only knew who she was through this movie.

Li Mu confessed that he had watched the movie "The Princess Diaries," which made Anne Hathaway especially happy. Amidst the joy, she said to Li Mu with slight nervousness, "I have watched your speech at Harvard many times, and I really admire your 3321.

In addition, you said that young people should work hard to realize their own ideas, which is also very inspiring and touching for me. "

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "Anne, since you listened to that speech, then you should have registered a YY number, right?"

"Of course!"

Anne Hathaway nodded repeatedly, "I am now on YY for one to two hours every day. My family and friends are all on YY to keep in touch."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Then we can add each other as friends on YY."

Anne Hathaway was delighted and asked him subconsciously, "Can we also contact each other through YY after you return to Hua Xia?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Although mobile phone numbers can't be used globally, YY numbers can."

"Right, right, right!"

Anne Hathaway slapped her forehead and said with a look of annoyance, "I actually forgot such an important point!

The best thing about YY is that it has no borders. As long as you connect to the internet, you can chat with all your friends. "

After saying that, Anne Hathaway took out her phone and handed it to Li Mu, saying, "Mr. Li, please leave me your YY number. I'll add you when I get back tonight!"

Li Mu smiled and keyed in his YY number.

It was the first time that Li Mu had met a little western beauty like Anne Hathaway, who was also a big Hollywood star in his previous life. He felt a little sense of achievement. Moreover, if he could establish a good relationship with an actress like Anne Hathaway, then it would certainly promote his future plans in the film and television industry.

In fact, not only her, but also Spielberg downstairs, as well as famous actors like Leonardo and Tom Hanks, were all high-end resources in the film and television industry. Perhaps these people would be the key to Makino Image's entry into Hollywood in the future.

Anne Hathaway saved Li Mu's YY number into her phone's address book, and then asked him a little nervously, "Mr. Lee, I just saw you being interviewed by reporters. Why did you suddenly come upstairs?"

Li Mu waved the unfinished cigarette in his hand and said with a smile, "It's so quiet to smoke. It's too chaotic downstairs."

Anne Hathaway smiled and said, "There are so many A-list stars downstairs, and so many media reporters. It's really hard to breathe."

Li Mu joked, "So you also came up to have some peace?"

"Yes and no."

Anne Hathaway stuck out her tongue and said shyly, "In fact, I mainly wanted to see if you were upstairs, because my biggest wish today is to get to know you."

As she spoke, Anne Hathaway said with a serious face, "Mr. Li, you are currently my biggest idol in life!

And it's not just me. I think young people nowadays have already regarded you as their biggest life idol! "

For the 20-year-old Anne Hathaway, Li Mu was indeed a subversive idol in her life.

Although she had many idols, Li Mu was the only idol that she couldn't find any "competition" for.

The so-called "competition" meant that she couldn't find another idol that was similar to him.

At this moment, there were two idols in her heart downstairs at the same time, and one of them was the handsome Tom Cruise.

When Anne was only 13 years old, she saw "Top Gun" starring Tom Cruise on the VCR at home, and immediately regarded him as her favorite and idol actor. But not long after, Leonardo, who was also downstairs, starred in "Titanic." Anne Hathaway, who was only 16 years old at the time, cried and went home from the cinema. She had another favorite and idol actor in her life.

For Anne Hathaway, both Tom Cruise and Leonardo DiCaprio's acting skills were excellent, and they were both very cool and handsome. Therefore, in her heart, they were "competitors."

Unlike these two famous actors, there was no other young man like Li Mu in the world. Whether it was wealth, talent, ability, or influence, Li Mu was the absolute ruler of his age group.

Therefore, when Anne Hathaway was in front of Li Mu, she was always very nervous. She always felt that Li Mu surpassed her in all aspects.

The two chatted for a while. Just as Li Mu threw the cigarette butt in his hand into the ashtray, Leonardo DiCaprio suddenly appeared. Seeing that he was chatting with Anne Hathaway, he hesitated for a moment, but still walked up and said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, why did you suddenly come here?"

Seeing that it was Leonardo, Li Mu smiled and said, "I came up for a smoke."

Leonardo nodded and took out a pack of Marlboro cigarettes from his pocket. He threw one to Li Mu, then took out another one for himself. He looked at Anne Hathaway and said with a smile, "Anne, you've become prettier again!"

Anne Hathaway smiled shyly and said, "Mr. DiCaprio, please don't tease me …"

To Anne Hathaway, Leonardo was not only her idol, but also her senior. Therefore, she addressed Leonardo respectfully.

Leonardo lit his cigarette and took a puff. He winked and said with a smile, "Anne, please call me Leonardo in the future."

Then, Leonardo said to Li Mu, "The banquet will officially start in about ten minutes. Director Spielberg asked me to look for you."

"Okay." Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Then let's go down after smoking this cigarette."

Leonardo nodded and smiled. He gently leaned on the railing and took a puff of the cigarette into his lungs. Then, he exhaled skillfully. His actions and expression didn't match his suit and leather shoes. Li Mu could see some characteristics of the character he played in "Infernal Affairs."

Li Mu liked Leonardo's movies very much. He especially liked his role in "Infernal Affairs." In the movie, Leonardo's undercover role was more realistic than Liang Chaowei's character in the original novel. Liang Chaowei gave Li Mu a sense of art in "Infernal Affairs."

When he thought of "Infernal Affairs," which was adapted from the Hong Kong movie "Infernal Affairs," Li Mu thought of "Infernal Affairs." According to historical development, "Infernal Affairs" should be released in Hong Kong in the middle of next month. Li Mu had a particularly deep impression of this movie, which was said to be the savior of Hong Kong's film industry. This movie would also earn more than 50 million HKD in the box office, becoming this year's box office champion.

"Infernal Affairs" was released almost four years later than "Infernal Affairs." It was directed by Martin Scorsese and starred Leonardo and Matt Damon. Li Mu couldn't remember how much the box office earned, but he clearly remembered that this movie won four awards at the 79th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Editing. At that time, Li Mu was proud of the Hong Kong film industry because this movie was adapted from "Infernal Affairs."

When he saw Leonardo smoking, Li Mu immediately thought of "Infernal Affairs." In a few days, "Infernal Affairs" would be released in Hong Kong. At that time, this movie would definitely cause a sensation in Hong Kong, according to historical development.

After "Infernal Affairs" was released, he could buy the adaptation rights from a Hong Kong film company before it became popular. Then, he could let Makino Image register a subsidiary in Hollywood and buy a local film company to invest in this movie.

Hollywood didn't have a real Hua Xia Film Company yet. In the future, Makino Image was likely to be the first one. So, Li Mu wanted Makino Image to bring a good enough film to Hollywood and use it as a stepping stone.

Although there were many good movies in recent years, and Li Mu could take any one of them, he still felt that "Infernal Affairs" was the most suitable as the first film to enter Hollywood.