Chapter 862

Just as Li Mu and Zhao Kang were talking on the phone, the "Internet into the home" policy launched by the Economic and Trade Commission quickly caused a huge reaction throughout the country.

This was the first time that the government directly subsidized consumers with cash, so it immediately shocked the people. At first, some people thought that there must be something fishy about it. Maybe the brands that participated in the "Internet into the home" policy had already adjusted their prices. Otherwise, how could the country subsidize 500 yuan per unit?

There were many computers that cost more than 4,000 yuan now. These brands had launched their own computers. If it was really a subsidy of 500 yuan, it was almost equivalent to an 88% discount.

However, a few companies immediately announced their models under the policy. These four companies each took out two designated models according to the policy. One was more than 5,000 yuan, and the other was less than 5,000 yuan.

The two models were approved by the Economic and Trade Commission in terms of configuration and price. The price was completely consistent with the normal retail price. Even the price of the Shenzhou and TCL mobile models was deliberately lowered by one or two hundred yuan. So the price could be said to be extremely transparent, and there was indeed not the slightest bit of fake information.

After confirming that the value of the activity was indeed real, the people's desire to buy computers greatly increased.

Originally, after Li Mu's identity was exposed nationwide, he had already re-established a positive image of computers and the Internet for students and teenagers' parents. At that time, through Li Mu's personal influence, he had already pulled a wave of home computer sales. However, at that time, there was no policy to follow up. That wave of market share was basically earned by hardware manufacturers. The market for mobile computers increased a lot, but because the industry was chaotic, specific data was difficult to calculate. Brand computers, which were relatively easier to calculate, had a very small market share.

But this time, it was different. This time, the "Internet into the home" policy was limited to eight desktop models of four brands. Therefore, the prices of these four companies were immediately ignited by the policy. Consumers who were interested in buying computers immediately calculated that if they bought these four brands of desktop computers, they could at least get a discount of 500 yuan. In this case, the price was actually a big step closer to the price of a mobile computer. Moreover, the overall assembly, stability, and popularity of the branded computers were much higher than the mobile computers. Therefore, buying the mobile computers from these four companies was the most suitable choice.

Not only the purchase price, but the 75% discount on the internet bill was also a great boost. One had to know that the average monthly ADSL broadband cost was about 150 yuan. In a year, it would be 1800 yuan. With a 75% discount, one could save 450 yuan a year on the internet bill. This was a discount of about 1,000 yuan!

One had to know that the broadband discount was compatible with the "Internet into the home" mobile computers. If one did not buy the mobile computers, they would not be able to enjoy the broadband discount. Based on this calculation, buying a desktop and accessing the internet for a year was even cheaper than buying a mobile computer for a year, not to mention the after-sales guarantee of the branded computers.

Not only the general public, but even Li Mu felt that this "Internet into the home" policy was really awesome. With this policy, the sales of home desktop computers would definitely increase rapidly. Not only would the number of home computers increase, but the number of home computers accessing the internet would also increase. The development of the entire internet industry in Hua Xia would also receive a huge boost.

In his previous life, in 2002, the number of netizens in Hua Xia was 59.1 million. This was the official and carefully evaluated data. At the very least, the underage groups who mingled in internet cafes were not included in this figure. Therefore, the actual number of netizens was actually slightly higher than this figure.

In 2002, in this life, the emergence of Li Mu gave Hua Xia's internet industry the opportunity to speed up one after another.

The second product that set off a nationwide craze was Tieba. It had a high degree of freedom, which made Tieba popular quickly.

The second product that made the entire population crazy was Happy Farm. This extremely magical game made use of the fact that everyone was stealing vegetables to attract a large number of middle-aged and elderly users.

The third product that accelerated the development of the internet was 3321. Nearly half of the university students in Hua Xia registered as members of 3321. A large number of parents also began to access the internet through 3321, which added a large new force to the netizens.

The fourth product that everyone participated in was Taobao. The success of Brand Day made the entire society pay attention to Taobao. Many people who were not even netizens began to access the internet through Taobao, which accelerated the development of the internet.

Before the "Internet into the home" policy was implemented, the conservative estimate of the number of netizens in Hua Xia had already exceeded 80 million, which exceeded the number of netizens in 2003.

If the "Internet into the home" policy was successful and gradually promoted throughout the country, the number of home computers would explode, the number of netizens would explode, and the industry would usher in a new round of rapid development.

There was also Li Mu's own "Internet Cafe Chain" strategy. Once this strategy was implemented, it would have an immediate effect on the number of netizens. If hundreds or thousands of Internet cafes opened one after another, combined with these favorable policies, the number of netizens in Hua Xia could possibly exceed 100 million next year.

…

After Zhao Kang ended the call with Li Mu, he said to Li Mu, "Oh yes, Chief Wu has something to report to you."

Li Mu grunted and said, "Pass the phone to him."

At this moment, Wu Haijun took the phone and said to Li Mu excitedly, "Li Zong, our mobile model will officially go on sale at the official flagship store at midnight today. You have to ensure that Taobao will give us enough recommendation resources!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Don't worry, I will make the arrangements later. From this afternoon, we will start to hang the banner to warm up the Divine Boat."

Wu Haijun's voice was trembling with excitement. "Thank you so much, Li Zong!

If I don't make use of this opportunity to sell a few hundred to two hundred thousand units, I will be ashamed to face the people of Jiangdong! "

Li Mu asked him, "Can we keep up with the production?

Don't forget that my Internet Cafe Chain is about to start. "

Wu Haijun hurriedly said, "Don't worry, I am applying for special support from the Shenzhen City government. The government has basically agreed to approve the new factory and give us a large amount of low-interest loans. The Divine Boat will definitely increase its production!"

Li Mu said, "I don't have any other requests. You must ensure that the Divine Boat's quality control is done well. This is a good opportunity for us to soar. Don't ruin your own reputation because of the poor quality control."

Wu Haijun said, "Li Zong, don't worry. If there is any problem with the Divine Boat's quality control, I, Wu Haijun, will bring my head to see you!"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "It's enough that you have this intention. Do it well. Taobao will definitely give us the resources that we need. Later, I will ask someone to find out if the official document from the Economic and Trade Commission has been released. If it is, I will ask YY to continuously promote it today and tomorrow. This time, we must make sure that the Divine Boat can soar."

Wu Haijun was extremely excited. He had given 40% of his shares to Li Mu. He had been waiting for this opportunity to soar. From the looks of it, Li Mu had prepared more than one opportunity for him and the Divine Boat to soar. He had to do his best.

After hanging up, Li Mu immediately looked up the official website of the Economic and Trade Commission. At the end of the last century, the various ministries and commissions of Hua Xia had already started the government's Internet project. Almost every ministry and commission had set up their own official websites. Although the websites were relatively simple and did not have much design, the speed at which the content was publicized was still relatively fast.

Li Mu quickly found the relevant description of the "Internet into the home" activity on the official website of the Economic and Trade Commission. This time, the Economic and Trade Commission officially formulated three core guiding principles for the subsidy policy.

"To accelerate the development and popularization of our country's computer and Internet industry; to increase the understanding and mastery of the Internet by the younger generation; to make it easier for our country's citizens to own their first home computer and access the Internet."

This time, the Economic and Trade Commission had seriously considered the convenience of the implementation of the policy and the practical implementation of the policy.

First of all, the national policy had simplified the process as much as possible. As long as a user bought a specific computer from a regular store, shopping mall, or online flagship store, they would receive a formal purchase invoice issued by the store, enterprise, or platform. With the purchase invoice and household registration book, they could quickly apply for the subsidy at the local finance bureau. At the same time, the finance bureau would directly give the consumer a network access card. The consumer could use the network access card to directly apply for broadband services at a 75% discount in any network operator's business hall.

According to the normal process of buying a computer and accessing the Internet, the consumer would only need to make a trip to the finance bureau to enjoy the double discount this time. The process was indeed very simple.

Not only that, this time, the Economic and Trade Commission had really put in a lot of effort to create benefits for the Internet industry. The reason why they wanted to bind the operators was to directly increase the proportion of home computers connected to the Internet. It was far from enough to just sell computers. They also had to ensure that the users would be connected to the Internet. This would play a positive and effective role in the development of the Internet.

What Li Mu didn't expect was that this time, the two broadband network operators had also released their own news on their official websites. The pace and tone of the two operators were surprisingly consistent. Not only did they say that they would fully cooperate with this "Internet into the Home" activity, but they also promised to promote the major matter of broadband speed in the near future to speed up the current domestic broadband network speed.

This was a great surprise to Li Mu. He didn't expect the Economic and Trade Commission to be so powerful. With such a combination, they had become the new father of the Internet in Hua Xia. If this policy could be implemented for more than half a year, the Internet market and the industry environment would be improved. It was unimaginable.

Just as Li Mu was excited, a strange number suddenly called his phone. Li Mu answered the phone and said, "Hello, who is this?"

A middle-aged man's hearty laughter immediately came from the other end of the phone. He asked him, "Comrade Li, have you heard about the landing policy of the Economic and Trade Commission?"