Chapter 198

Wang Jianshe looked at the middle-aged man who came in, and his expression turned ugly.

"Shen Dong, today is Sunday, why did you come to school?"

The middle-aged man called Shen Dong smiled playfully and said, "I am the vice principal of our school after all. You can stay here on Sunday, but I can't come around?"

After saying that, Shen Dong looked at Li Mu and the other two, trying his best to determine who was the legendary sugar daddy.

He knew Liu Nian, the top student of last year's high school entrance exam, Hu Zhengdao didn't seem to have the temperament of a sugar daddy in his eyes, and Zhao Ziqiu was extremely beautiful. Although it made people unable to pull their eyes away from her, Shen Dong wasn't an idiot. The person who came all the way from Beijing to give money would definitely not be a girl.

Only Li Mu looked a little interesting. He could be said to be dignified and dignified.

After confirming that Li Mu was the sugar daddy, Shen Dong strode over to Li Mu and extended his hand to introduce himself, "Hello, my name is Shen Dong, the vice principal of Xilan High School."

Although Li Mu could tell that Wang Jianshe didn't get along with him, he didn't know their background. Furthermore, he didn't hit a smiling person, so he shook hands with him and said lightly, "Hello, my name is Li Mu."

Shen Dong hadn't seen the report on Beijing TV Station. In fact, most of the people in Xilan High School hadn't seen it before. They had only heard about it, and later on, the news spread more and more widely. Everyone only knew that Liu Nian earned a lot of money as a tutor while attending university in Beijing. He earned more than his entire family, but basically no one knew how he earned it or what platform he used to earn it.

In this day and age, information was still very blocked. It wasn't like the internet and mobile phone internet. No matter how remote a place was, the receiving speed of news and information would not be affected.

Shen Dong also heard from the teachers in the school that Liu Nian, who was studying in Beijing, had contacted the school and said that there was some kind of charity organization that wanted to donate money to the poor students in the third year of high school. Moreover, it was said that there were about two hundred people, and each person had a thousand yuan!

With a rough calculation, this donation amounted to more than two hundred thousand!

Shen Dong was already the vice principal, and his monthly salary was barely 600 yuan. His brother-in-law was called Huang Zhen, and he was the director of the county education commission, and he could only earn 1,000 yuan a month. More than 200,000 yuan was an astronomical figure for them.

When Shen Dong heard the news last night, he immediately went to his brother-in-law's house to report it to him. Although his brother-in-law was the second-in-command of the county education commission, when he heard the donation of more than 200,000 yuan, he was shocked for a long time before he recovered.

If it was a second in command in a coastal county, he could easily earn a few hundred thousand in a year, but to Xilan County, other than his salary being slightly higher than a normal employee, he had no other benefits.

In places where the economy was passable, the education system was definitely a lucrative one. A place in any key middle school could be worth thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars. However, in Sealand, almost all schools could not recruit enough students. The reason was very simple. The dropout rate was very high. In the past, every summer, teachers had to be sent to the countryside to persuade students to study at their homes. How could there be a good thing that the students' parents would bring money to look for them to study?

The quality of teaching in the few middle schools in Sealand was relatively poor, and there was no such thing as reselling places.

Not to mention the fact that their income was basically zero, even the English newspapers and teaching materials that were often sold by the Education Committee and schools to earn some money were not something that the Education Committee of Xilan County could afford. In the past, there had been people who came to promote it, saying that if they could get students to subscribe to an English newspaper, it would cost them $18 a month, and they would give a rebate of $5 to the leaders of the Education Committee. However, there were less than a hundred students in Xilan County who were willing to spend $18 a month to subscribe to an English newspaper. The school did not dare to force them to do so, because there were simply too many poor students. Even if their families were barely above the poverty line, they would not be willing to spend the money.

Adding on to the fact that the overall economic level was low, there was almost no funding from the higher-ups. Therefore, in Sealand County, such a lucrative job like the education commission, because of its poverty, it had become a low-paid yamen.

The head of the education commission and Huang Zhen, the second-in-command, had been hoping since the end of the last century that the higher-ups would approve a car for the education commission, so that they would not have to squeeze in an old bus every time they went out for a meeting. However, they had been waiting from the last century to 2000 years, and then to the end of 2001. In the past few years, their standards had been lowered again and again. In the beginning, they wanted a new Santana, then Fukang, and now, even in their dreams, they wished for a second-hand Santana. Even if it was old and broken, it was still better than squeezing in a bus.

But the higher-ups had been rejecting them. In the beginning, they said they had no money, then they said they had no free cars, then they said they had no extra funds to provide a driver for the county education commission. In the end, the head told Huang Zhen to get a driver's license so that when the two of them went out for meetings or field trips, he would be the driver. Huang Zhen gritted his teeth and went. After he returned, the higher-ups gave the same reason again. They had no money, no free cars, and it was impossible for the county education commission to provide their own driver. In the end, they were tired of it. The higher-ups had instructed that if the county education commission could find social sponsors and support themselves to buy a car, they would grant them a monthly car allowance of 1,000 RMB.

The higher-ups' instructions made Huang Zhen and the head so angry that they cursed in the office. Why was it that they were not welcomed in Sealand County?

The education commission was the foundation of the people's livelihood, but they didn't even have a f * * king car?

Public security, electricity, water, tax, industry and commerce, which department did not have a car?

To put it bluntly, they were still poor. When they were poor to the bone, a department like the education commission was nothing in the eyes of the people.

There was no profit, but a lot of bitterness.

After being poor for so long, they had never seen a few cents of donations. Two years ago, there were people from big cities who drove a fleet of cars to deliver a large pile of old clothes. The education commission let their own staff pick first, and the rest were distributed to the various schools. Other than that, they had never seen any external money or resources. When he suddenly heard that someone was going to donate 200,000 RMB, Huang Zhen was already excited.

He immediately asked the head who lived in the same building for instructions. The two of them came together and came up with a goal. "We have to think of a way to stop the 200,000 RMB donation. If we stop it, the education commission will be able to buy a new car before the end of this year. A brand new Santana will be 120,000 to 30,000 RMB. The higher-ups will also give an extra 1,000 RMB as a monthly car allowance. The education commission will then be able to replace the shotguns with cannons and eliminate the No. 11 and bicycles into four-wheeled cars.

That was why Huang Zhen sent Shen Dong over to keep an eye on the school on Sunday to see when the investor would come. As long as he came, he would immediately call Huang Zhen's house, and Huang Zhen would immediately ride his bicycle over. No matter what, he had to trick the investor into donating the money to the education commission.

Shen Dong did not forget his task of taking the lead. He directly moved a stool and sat in front of Li Mu. He grinned and tried to get close to him, "Boss Li, you must have a huge business in Beijing, right?

It's really our Xilan County's luck that you can come to our Xilan County to donate students! "

Li Mu frowned and looked at Shen Dong. He felt that this guy's words were a little strange. He was the vice principal of Xilan High School. From a normal point of view, shouldn't he say such words in the tone of "our Xilan High School"?

Why did he use such a strange way of saying "our Xilan County"? Before he came, he had asked Liu Nian to clearly tell the school leaders that they were here on behalf of 3321 to donate to Liu Nian's alma mater. They were only going to donate to this school.

Although he felt a little surprised, Li Mu did not say much. As for him asking if he had a big business in Beijing, Li Mu did not answer. He only smiled and politely said, "This is what I should do."

Shen Dong nodded and sighed, "Boss Li, you don't know this, but our Xilan County is a national poor county. There are dozens of primary schools, middle schools, and high schools in the county, and each of them is very difficult, especially the primary schools in the countryside. Aiya, it's really hard to describe. Some primary schools in the village can't even do the most basic thing to shelter them from the wind and rain.

Li Mu was even more surprised. What did Shen Dong mean by that?

Could it be that he wanted him to donate some money to the primary and middle schools in the countryside?

As the Vice Principal of Xilan High School, he was worried about the Vice Director of the County Education Commission.

What Li Mu did not expect was that what Shen Dong was worried about was indeed the Vice Director of the County Education Commission.

Before he could respond to Shen Dong's words, Wang Jianshe said in a mocking tone, "Shen Dong, from what you said, do you want to swap positions with your brother-in-law?

Are you going to report to the County Education Commission tomorrow on Monday to be the Vice Director? "

Shen Dong's expression immediately darkened as he said coldly, "Wang Jianshe, why are your words so unpleasant?"

"Is it unpleasant?"

Wang Jianshe knew what Shen Dong was up to. The 200,000 yuan brought by Li Mu was going to be donated to the students in the third year of high school. As the principal, he knew very well what kind of influence the 200,000 yuan would bring to the students in the third year of high school. One thousand yuan per person could solve too many problems for the students in the third year of high school. Maybe in the next year's college entrance examination, the number of people who were admitted to the university would be twice as many as this year. At this time, how could he watch Shen Dong and his brother-in-law peep at the donation?

Shen Dong glared at Wang Jianshe and said, "You know whether it's unpleasant or not. You're already fifty years old, and after a few years of retirement, I advise you to broaden your horizons a little before you retire. The conditions of the Xilan High School are the best in our county, you can't think that all the schools in our county are good just because the Xilan High School is good, you can't think that all the schools in our county are good just because the Xilan High School is good.