Chapter 645

The news of the driver turning himself in was particularly jarring to Li Mu. Not only did that guy injure Cai Zhi, but he also injured Su Yingxue in order to escape. He wanted to find that bastard and kill him with his own hands. At the very least, he wanted to cripple him. He didn't expect that guy to turn himself in so quickly!

In Li Mu's eyes, turning himself in after escaping was not because he realized his mistake, nor was it because he had found his conscience. It was just a way for him to reduce his losses after realizing that he couldn't escape the punishment of the law!

Cai Zhi was still in the emergency room, and his life was uncertain. Su Yingxue didn't want to leave the hospital no matter what. Even if the driver was waiting for her to identify him at the police station, she still wanted to wait until Cai Zhi was out of danger.

The policewoman also understood her feelings and said, "That's fine. My colleagues and I will wait at the emergency department entrance. When your classmate is out of danger, come and find us. We can finish the matter in an hour or two. As long as the confession is recorded and the evidence is formed, the driver will naturally be punished by the law."

Su Yingxue nodded and thanked the policewoman again. The policewoman said that there was no need, and then said, "Then I won't disturb you anymore. Wait outside first."

This wait lasted for almost an hour. During this time, no one came out of the emergency room. The red light above the door was still on, and the bright red color made people even more anxious.

Li Mu didn't use too many words to comfort Su Yingxue. He just let her lean gently on his side, held her left hand tightly, and repeatedly rubbed her palm with his fingers.

At 1: 30 pm, the door of the emergency room finally opened, and a male doctor came out. Su Yingxue and Li Mu hurriedly got up and went forward. Su Yingxue asked nervously, "Doctor, is she out of danger?"

The doctor's facial expression couldn't be seen because he was wearing a mask. He just glanced at Su Yingxue, then looked around for a moment and asked her, "Hasn't the victim's family arrived yet?"

Su Yingxue said subconsciously, "She's not local. Her parents are in Xiangnan …"

The doctor asked her, "Who are you to her?"

Su Yingxue was so anxious that tears streamed down her face again. "I'm her classmate. Doctor, how is she?"

The doctor looked at Su Yingxue, hesitated for a moment, then sighed and said, "The victim's ribs and skull are severely damaged, and her spleen ruptured, causing internal bleeding. We've tried our best to save her, but her injuries were too severe, and she couldn't make it …"

As soon as the doctor finished speaking, Su Yingxue's vision darkened and she almost fainted. Li Mu hurriedly held her up and patted her on the back. When Su Yingxue came to her senses, she was already crying. The doctor hesitated and said, "I'm sorry for your loss. Also, ask her family to come as soon as possible."

After the doctor finished speaking, he turned around and entered the emergency room. Su Yingxue cried for a long time before she looked at Li Mu with teary eyes. Her tears didn't stop as she said, "Li Mu, this isn't real, right?

I was dreaming, wasn't I?

I must've missed you, that's why I had such a bizarre dream, right? "

Li Mu also hoped that this was a nightmare, but all of this was the truth. Although he didn't see Cai Zhi, he knew that the doctor would never joke about such a thing.

Li Mu didn't say anything. He just held Su Yingxue in his arms and used his palm to stroke her back over and over again.

Su Yingxue's body continued to tremble violently in Li Mu's arms. Her tears drenched Li Mu's shoulder. Li Mu didn't want to repeat the cruel words again. From his point of view, it would hurt Su Yingxue a second time. He could only let her slowly accept this reality.

Su Yingxue accepted this reality faster than Li Mu expected. She cried in Li Mu's ear, full of self-blame. "I should've stopped her in the morning. If I had stopped her from coming, she wouldn't have …"

Li Mu whispered in her ear, "Don't let your imagination run wild. This isn't your fault, it's that scumbag who ran the red light."

Su Yingxue added, "She said that she would treat me to a Korean barbecue restaurant nearby. When the accident happened, we were on our way to eat. If I didn't agree, we would've gone straight back to school. We wouldn't have taken that road …"

Li Mu looked at her and said with a serious expression, "That's enough. Don't put the blame on yourself. You're a victim in this matter, just like her."

Su Yingxue closed her eyes, and two streams of tears formed a line. She said, "If I hadn't asked for a talisman at the last minute, we could've avoided that incident, and she wouldn't have …"

At this point, Su Yingxue was already sobbing uncontrollably again.

Li Mu really didn't understand why Su Yingxue would start blaming herself at this time. She didn't have any responsibility for this matter, and all the examples she gave were false propositions. However, Su Yingxue kept looking for her own "responsibility", and even went a little crazy.

Although Li Mu didn't have a very smooth life in his previous life, his life had always been ordinary and uneventful. He had never experienced the unexpected death of someone his age. Although he had attended Chen Wan's memorial service in his previous life, he didn't have much interaction with her before. Therefore, he only felt pity at the memorial service, but he didn't feel any pain. There was still a big gap between his current situation and Su Yingxue's, so he didn't understand Su Yingxue's feelings at this moment and the strange circle that her thinking had fallen into.

However, when Li Mu thought about it carefully, he didn't have much of a friendship with Cai Zhi. Although they had met a few times, there had never been any real friendship between them. At most, they were considered acquaintances. However, Su Yingxue was different. Cai Zhi was Su Yingxue's best friend in the National People's Congress. The two of them had been together day and night for a year, and they were very close. The pain in her heart at this moment was something that she couldn't truly understand.

Li Mu understood her pain, but he couldn't watch her go astray, so he said with a cold face, "If that's the case, then the responsibility for this matter is all on me. You said in the text message that you asked for the amulet for me. According to your theory, I'm the one who harmed Cai Zhizhi."

Su Yingxue kept shaking her head. "You're not responsible for this matter."

Li Mu said, "If I'm not responsible, then naturally you're not responsible either. The responsibility lies with the driver who caused the accident. Now you're desperately trying to find fault with yourself. Are you trying to absolve that scumbag?

So this matter isn't his fault, but yours? "

Su Yingxue was rendered speechless by Li Mu's question. Li Mu's argument was a little cruel, forcing her to replay the situation in her mind again. However, at the same time, Li Mu also reminded her. When the cruel scene reappeared in her mind, Su Yingxue hated the driver who caused the accident. If he had followed the traffic rules, Cai Zhi naturally wouldn't have been in any danger. Even if he had driven slightly slower, he could have given Cai Zhi a way out …

Su Yingxue gradually stopped crying in Li Mu's arms. She wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes and said to Li Mu, "I want to go see her …"

…

In the end, Li Mu didn't let Su Yingxue enter the emergency room. He was afraid that the scene inside would be too bloody and bring an indelible shadow to Su Yingxue. Moreover, the doctor might not really let her go in to see Cai Zhi. After all, she had just undergone emergency treatment. The current condition of the body might be even more cruel than when the accident happened. If she wanted to see Cai Zhi one last time, she would have to wait for the makeup artist to deal with the body before letting her see it.

Su Yingxue was dragged out by Li Mu crying. Li Mu's reason was to record a statement as soon as possible and let the public security system bring the driver who caused the accident to justice as soon as possible. This was the best way to comfort the deceased.

A police car stopped at the door of the emergency department with its lights flashing silently. Seeing Li Mu and Su Yingxue coming out, the middle-aged policewoman hurriedly got out of the passenger seat and walked quickly to them. Seeing Su Yingxue's extremely sad look, she wanted to ask something but couldn't.

Li Mu asked the policewoman, "Is it okay for us to drive to the sub-bureau by ourselves?"

The policewoman nodded and said, "No problem, but you'd better follow our car. It'll be smoother if I take you there."

Li Mu thanked her and helped Su Yingxue to his car. The policewoman wanted to ask again, but she resisted. Li Mu saw her tangled face and shook his head at her gently. The policewoman was shocked and subconsciously pointed to the long corridor of the emergency department with a look of disbelief.

Li Mu nodded this time. Seeing the policewoman's expression instantly become sad and angry, he knew that she understood what he meant.

When they came to the car, the previous security guard saw that Su Yingxue was crying sadly. He also realized that Li Mu must have had an urgent matter just now, so he parked the car in the no-parking area. Therefore, he didn't say much and silently went forward to hand the key to him.

Li Mu opened the passenger seat door and helped Su Yingxue to get in. Then he went to the driver's seat and helped Su Yingxue buckle the seat belt. After he buckled the seat belt, he drove out.

In the police car, the male policeman who was driving looked at Li Mu's Benz G55 and said to the policewoman beside him, "This guy has a big background!"

The policewoman didn't pay as much attention to the car and the license plate as the male policeman. She glanced at the license plate and only knew that the license plate was very big, but she didn't know which department it belonged to. She asked him, "Where is the license plate?"

The male policeman said, "The Government Authority." Then he started the Santana and drove away from Li Mu. Li Mu immediately followed, and the two cars quickly drove to the West City Branch.

After the police car in front drove into the branch, it greeted the security guard at the door. The security guard didn't stop Li Mu's car. After parking the car in front of the office building, Li Mu helped Su Yingxue get out of the car. The policewoman came to them and said, "The colleague who is in charge of this case is already waiting inside. Let's go."

The two followed the two policemen into the office building. First, they came to a big office. The policewoman brought them to a male policeman and said to him, "Xue Li, this Miss Su is the classmate of the victim in the car accident. She is a witness and also a victim."

The male policeman named Xue Li glanced at the injury on Su Yingxue's arm and said to her, "Miss Su, the suspect is now being interrogated. Let me record your statement first, and then I will arrange for identification."

Su Yingxue nodded silently. At this time, another policeman quickly walked in front of them and said, "Xue Li, the owner is here."