Chapter 1160

According to the original plan, "Crazy Stone" was about to be released.

In the past few days, YY and YY website had already started the pre-release publicity for "Crazy Stone". Three or four versions of the short trailers had also been released. Because the movie was too full of jokes, the trailers were very interesting. As soon as they were released, they attracted a lot of attention from users.

At present, "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" had already passed the 500 million box office. If "Crazy Stone" was released, with its excellent comedy style, the box office might not be inferior to "Those Years".

With YY and Mu Ying's ticketing system, Li Mu was very confident about the box office performance of "Crazy Stone" after its release. Moreover, Liu Tianwang was also involved in it. With him around, there was a certain guarantee of the box office.

Ning Hao saw that "Those Years" had created the box office history of Hua Xia's movie by using the school romance as the starting point. He was also looking forward to the performance of "Crazy Stone" after its release. He had spent a lot of effort on this movie. He believed that the movie's box office would definitely create a good result.

However, at the stage of intense preparation, Li Mu called Ning Hao and suddenly poured a bucket of cold water on him.

"Hao Zi," Crazy Stone "has been delayed. The release date is to be determined."

The release date was to be determined. This was what Li Mu told Ning Hao, but in fact, he already had an answer in his heart. "Crazy Stone" must be released after the SARS epidemic. It could be in April next year, May, or June. No matter what, it must be released after the SARS epidemic was completely eliminated.

The reason for changing the release date at the last minute was that Li Mu had come into contact with the SARS epidemic. Under such circumstances, the most important thing for society was to avoid was group activities. Therefore, "Crazy Stone" must not be released at this time. Otherwise, if tens of millions of people really walked into the cinema in January, it would also accelerate the spread of the epidemic.

Ning Hao didn't understand and blurted out to Li Mu, "Boss, what happened?

If it's delayed now, wouldn't all the work we've done be in vain? "

Li Mu comforted him, "Don't worry, it won't go to waste. Users have a strong memory for excellent works. Our trailer was so brilliant, so many users should have a deep impression of it. These people won't forget it. Also, after the final release, we will promote it again. The exposure will definitely not be lower than the original plan."

Li Mu did not tell Ning Hao about the epidemic. He had already told Liu Shixiong and Li Ziwei about it today. It was enough to have these two people to cooperate with him later on in his plan. He could not continue to spread the news. Otherwise, if someone could not keep their mouth shut and leaked it out, he might get into big trouble.

Although Ning Hao was a little depressed, he couldn't oppose Li Mu's decision, so he said, "I'll listen to you. I'll arrange for the staff to start immediately."

As he spoke, Ning Hao said, "Boss, we have to give an explanation to the public if we withdraw the film at the last minute. What do you think we should say?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "Just say that we have to do a self-examination of the content."

"Okay, I'll arrange it now."

Before hanging up, Li Mu comforted Ning Hao, "Hao 'zi, it's not a bad thing to delay the release. If we choose the right time, we might be able to greatly increase the box office sales. By then, the box office sales will definitely reach new highs!"

Ning Hao didn't quite understand Li Mu's words. In Hua Xia, the best time for a movie was actually the Chinese New Year period and the summer period. Now that "Crazy Stone" was released on New Year's Day, it was originally aimed at the Chinese New Year period. With such a good time, Li Mu suddenly asked for it to be stopped, he must feel that it was a pity.

However, although Ning Hao didn't understand Li Mu's plan, he trusted Li Mu very much. Since Li Mu said so, he didn't think too much about it. Because he knew in his heart, with Li Mu's current busy level, he could still think of "Crazy Stone" and ask him to delay the release. This meant that Li Mu must have thought about it carefully, if it wasn't an idea that came out of nowhere.

For Li Mu, giving up the Chinese New Year period was to reduce the spread of the epidemic as much as possible. On the other hand, "Crazy Stone" was an absolute classic comedy. Such a movie had a strong relaxing effect on the audience. If such a movie was released after the end of the depressive SARS, it must be an excellent release for the people who had been suppressed by SARS for a long time.

Maybe this movie could quickly recover the vitality of the whole society in the fastest and best way after the end of SARS. So, there must be a lot of benefits and no harm.

…

While Li Mu was actively preparing to deal with SARS, thousands of miles away in Hangzhou, Zhao Ziqiu's father, Zhao Xianliang, and his wife, Xie Yun, came out of the company together. They sat in the business car that they used to commute to and from work.

Although the husband and wife worked in the same company, they couldn't see each other all the time. Basically, they were busy with their own things, and they would only go home together when it was time to get off work.

Sitting in the car, Zhao Xianliang casually mentioned, "It's New Year's Day soon. My daughter will be back soon, right?"

Xie Yun nodded and said, "It's almost the holidays, but she called me two days ago. I heard from her words that she wants to accompany Li Mu on New Year's Day."

When Zhao Xianliang heard this, he sighed and said, "My boyfriend needs to accompany me, but my parents don't need to."

"That's not true."

Xie Yun smiled and said, "Li Mu went abroad for so long, and when he came back, he went to Shenzhen. He's so busy every day that he doesn't have time to see him. My daughter said that if Li Mu doesn't return to Yan Jing on New Year's Day, she wants to go to Shenzhen to see him."

"Shenzhen …" Zhao Xianliang frowned and asked subconsciously, "Has Li Mu been in Shenzhen recently?"

"Yes."

Xie Yun said, "This child is said to be busy with his logistics, so he stayed in Shenzhen for a while."

Zhao Xianliang thought for a long time with a serious expression, and hesitated for a long time before saying, "There is such a thing, I haven't told you before."

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "What is it? Tell me."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Two days ago, a business friend specifically reminded me not to go to Shenzhen if there is nothing important. He said that there seems to be a serious infectious disease there, and there are constant rumors among the people. Even some people in Hong Kong are worried."

Xie Yun asked subconsciously, "Really?

Is it serious? "

Zhao Xianliang shook his head and said, "I don't know the details, but that friend is very powerful. His information should not be wrong."

Xie Yun anxiously complained, "Why didn't you tell me such a big thing earlier? You should have reminded Li Mu as soon as possible …"

Zhao Xianliang said awkwardly, "I didn't know that Li Mu had been in Shenzhen all this time. I only knew that they had a launch ceremony in Shenzhen, and he went there. I thought he had already left Shenzhen and was busy with other things."

Xie Yun rolled her eyes at him and said, "Li Mu is very likely to become your son-in-law in the future. Be more careful with him!"

Zhao Xianliang's face was gloomy. "I didn't think about it. At that time, when he said that, I just listened. Anyway, I don't have plans to go to Shenzhen recently, so I didn't take it to heart."

Xie Yun curled her lips and said, "Well, I'll call Li Mu now and ask him to leave Shenzhen for a while."

Zhao Xianliang said, "If he doesn't want to leave Shenzhen, then tell my daughter not to go to Shenzhen to find him no matter what."

"You don't have to tell me."

…

For the whole day, Li Mu sorted out the needs of various materials and solutions. He made one form after another and made in-depth speculations and calculations about all kinds of possibilities, hoping to control the risk as much as possible.

When it was past six o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu felt dizzy. Li Ziwei opened the door of the study and said to him, "Li Zong, you've been in the study all day. Come out and eat something. I've made some food. Try it and see if it's to your liking. If it's not to your taste, I'll go out and buy some."

Li Mu rubbed his eyes, smiled tiredly and said, "Thank you, Ziwei. Wait for me for a few more minutes. I'll go over after I'm done with this."

Then, Li Mu yawned and said, "Make me a cup of coffee. I'll go out and drink it later."

Li Ziwei hesitated for a moment and persuaded him, "Li Zong, you've been busy all day, and you didn't rest much last night. It's better not to drink coffee. After eating, you can rest for a while and then go to bed early."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Even if you give me sleeping pills, I won't be able to fall asleep. It's killing me to go to bed so early."

After that, seeing Li Ziwei's surprised face, Li Mu added, "Those who work in the Internet industry, especially those who work in the technical field, are not qualified to go to bed before 12 o 'clock. The biological clocks of programmers all over the world are backward. It's harder to kill them than to make them go to bed early."

Li Ziwei smiled helplessly and said, "Well, I'll make you a cup of coffee. You can come out after you're done."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Thank you."

As soon as Li Ziwei left, Li Mu's mobile phone on the desk buzzed. The name displayed on the phone surprised him.

Xie Yun?

Why did Ziqiu's mother suddenly call me?

Surprised, Li Mu picked up the phone and politely greeted her as soon as he got on the phone.

"Li Mu." Xie Yun smiled and asked him, "Are you busy?"

Li Mu said, "No, auntie. I'm free. What's the matter?"

Xie Yun didn't directly say why she was looking for Li Mu. Instead, she asked him, "Are you still in Shenzhen now?"

Li Mu said, "Yes, I've been here recently."

Xie Yun asked again, "Then when are you going to return to Beijing after you're done with your business in Shenzhen?"

Li Mu didn't know why Xie Yun asked this, but he still said truthfully, "Auntie, I still have something to deal with here. I think I'll have to wait for a while."

Li Mu thought that although he had been exposed to the information about SARS through Anne Hathaway's sudden high fever, it was not the time for him to leave Shenzhen. On the one hand, Anne Hathaway was still in the hospital, and Spielberg was also staying in Shenzhen because of this. If he left first, it would be unreasonable. On the other hand, he still needed to further understand the development of the epidemic in Guangdong Province.