Chapter 867

Li Mu did not appreciate Dang Dang's style of doing things. Moreover, he was about to complete the acquisition of Zhuoyue and become a direct competitor. Therefore, Li Mu's aggression towards Dang Dang exploded.

Although Li Mu knew that he was not afraid of Dang Dang, he did not dare to be negligent. This was because the vertical market was a deeply rooted industry. Once a company was established in a vertical market, it would naturally create an authoritative and professional image for the consumers.

If Dang Dang was given a few more years to establish itself in the field of book sales, people would subconsciously think of Dang Dang when buying books online. Then, even Jingdong would not be able to deal with it. It would only make things difficult for it. It would be too difficult to kill it in the field it had been working in for so many years.

This was also the fundamental reason why after the big platforms were established, other companies in the same industry had to rely on the vertical market if they wanted to stand out.

Tengxun was indeed awesome. In the future, its traffic was second only to Baidu. However, Tengxun's videos could not compete with Youku, and Tengxun's cars could not compete with Auto Home. If they missed the right opportunity, it would be extremely difficult to turn around and deal with Dang Dang in the future.

Therefore, what Li Mu wanted to do was to go all out against Dang Dang!

He needed to find a battlefield, pull out his main forces, and force Dang Dang into an unavoidable battle. Once the main forces of both sides were gathered together, Li Mu would be able to use his overwhelming advantage to launch an all-out attack and finish the battle in one fell swoop!

Li Mu's plan was to wait for Taobao's book and audio category to be launched. Then, he would immediately use his strong traffic, funds, and other aspects to support it. He would start a marketing and price war with Dang Dang. Dang Dang could also start burning money. However, with its size, it was hard to say how long it could last. If it could not last, and there were no funds to invest in it, Dang Dang would basically collapse in a few rounds.

If Dang Dang collapsed, not only would Taobao have one less competitor in the book business, but most importantly, it would also block a fast road for foreign companies to develop in Hua Xia.

After sorting out the entire strategy, Li Mu realized that the interview later might be a good opportunity to blow the horn of attack.

…

When the Central TV reporter rushed to Taobao website, Li Mu found out that Central TV was going to broadcast the News Simulcast and Focus Interview at the same time.

Central TV had always been good at grasping the hot topics of current politics. When the "Internet into the home" policy was still on paper, Central TV had already received the news in advance. Before any other media had even caught wind of it, they had already started planning this special topic.

The Central TV reporter first did some research and interviews in the computer market of several major cities in the country. He researched the current price of desktop computers, the cost of accessing the network, and the willingness of citizens to buy computers. He accumulated a lot of material related to the theme of "Internet at home."

For example, the recent trend of the price of computers was almost unshakable. The price of hardware was also very tight, with no room for compromise. Every consumer interviewed in the computer market felt that the prices of computers were too high, and it was difficult for them to afford it. There were also many consumers who went to the computer market many times to pay attention to the price of a certain computer or a certain configuration, waiting for an opportunity to lower the price before buying it.

The appearance of Li Mu had made the whole country develop a strong interest in the Internet. However, the threshold for ordinary household users to access the Internet was still slightly higher in terms of financial requirements. It was precisely because of this that the "Internet into the home" policy was so popular among the people the moment it was launched. This was because the government was using the most direct method to lower the threshold for them to buy computers and access the network. Therefore, Central TV was also making every effort to add the icing on the cake of this "Benefiting the People" policy.

Originally, Central TV only knew that the Economic and Trade Commission was discussing and planning this policy, but they didn't know that Li Mu was also involved in it. Today, at Minister Zhen's press conference, Central TV immediately captured the key point. It turned out that it was Li Mu, the proud son of the Internet, who was behind it.

For Central TV, they were very happy to promote Li Mu. On the one hand, Li Mu himself is the representative of positive social energy, and promoting him is almost beneficial and harmless. On the other hand, Li Mu was pushed to the national attention step by step by Central TV. Central TV has already had a habit of doing things to him. They always feel that if they don't report on Li Mu every once in a while, it seems that something is missing.

This is the same reason why Zhang Jie always goes to Xiangnan Satellite TV to participate in various variety shows.

Zhang Jie is the son-in-law of Xiangnan Satellite TV, and Li Mu is the son of Mother Yang.

The news broadcast and the focus interview together means that Central TV has left enough time for this news point. Just like the shutter time of photography, the longer the time, the higher the exposure and the increase in the amount of exposure.

Central TV reporters intended to let Li Mu talk more, talk more, and accumulate enough material for him, and they will also try their best to expose and show Li Mu's interview during the time of the two programs.

So, from seven o'clock in the evening, Li Mu appeared in front of the people all over the country again.

The news that the Economic and Trade Commission promoted the "Internet into the home" policy in three provinces and two cities on a trial basis was the main content of tonight. And in the main content, Minister Zhen's remarks at the press conference became the top priority.

News Simulcast had simplified Minister Zhen's speech at the press conference. In the edited version, there were only two points of emphasis. First, what did "Internet access into the home" mean? Second, how did "Internet access into the home" come about?

The first question, what is "Internet into the home"?

In the future, any family in the country can get a government subsidy of 500 yuan to buy a home computer, and then go to apply for access to the Internet, they can enjoy a 75% discount for the first year.

For families who are interested in buying a computer, this is definitely a huge benefit. All of a sudden, they can save nearly 1,000 yuan, which is almost the monthly salary of an ordinary worker.

For families who are not interested in selling computers for the time being, this policy is also a huge temptation. After all, this kind of good thing that falls from the sky has a time limit. After this village, there will be no such shop. Therefore, many families who have no plans to buy a computer are also itching because of this policy.

Even for those families who are not going to buy a computer, or can't afford a computer for the time being, this policy still makes them feel the sincerity of the government, so that this policy is absolutely a completely positive image in front of the people all over the country.

When it was clear what "Internet into the home" is and how "Internet into the home" came about, Central TV's original words at the press conference stunned the audience all over the country through Minister Zhen.

It turned out that all this is because of Li Mu again...

Many viewers in front of their televisions were surprised in their hearts. "Why is it related to Li Mu again?

Why is everything in the Internet industry related to Li Mu? Even the government subsidy policy was proposed by Li Mu? "

Following that, Central TV broadcast an interview with Li Mu himself.

The interview was done at Taobao this afternoon, and Central TV excerpted a few sentences from the conversation.

The first sentence was: "Mr. Li Mu, I would like to ask you, what prompted you to propose to the Economic and Trade Commission to 'Internet into the home'?"

Li Mu replied casually, "As a person working in the Internet industry, what I hope the most is that the industry itself can go further and faster. However, for the industry to develop faster, it first needs more fertile soil. Our Hua Xia has a very large population, but the ratio of home computers and netizens to the total population is very large. There is still a big gap between us and the developed countries in the West. Under such circumstances, how to promote the popularization of home computers has become the most important thing in the domestic Internet industry."

The reporter said, "I remember that you have previously collaborated with Shenzhou to introduce a lower price and better quality home computer in Taobao. You must have cooperated with Shenzhou for this purpose, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Cooperating with Shenzhou is indeed to introduce cheaper home computers to consumers.

However, to be honest, the ability of us and Shenzhou is really limited. Therefore, we hope that the country and the government can step in and use strong support to promote the rapid development of the Internet in Hua Xia. The reason why such a strong government policy like 'Internet into the home' could be introduced is most thanks to the support that the country and the government have given to the Internet industry in Hua Xia. They support the citizens in understanding and accessing the Internet. The prosperity of this industry in the future is inseparable from the support given by the government. "

Li Mu's words were watertight. He never forgot to place the government in the most important position. It was not because he wanted to maintain a better cooperative relationship with the government, but in Li Mu's opinion, this time, "Internet into the home" had indeed benefited completely from the government's promotion. The credit was 100%. His words accounted for at most 5%, and the rest was almost the result of the government's hard work.

Li Mu strengthened the close relationship between the government and the Internet industry in front of the entire country. Not only was it to let the government better support the development of this industry in the future, but it was also to let this industry be closer to the government. From the root, it might be able to influence the government's view of the Internet in the future. It would allow both parties to be more and more integrated, creating a better development environment for the domestic Internet industry.

The reporter did not know Li Mu's deeper thoughts. He asked again, "You said that what you want the most is to see the rapid development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia. Then, may I ask you, what do you think is the highest goal of the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia?"

Li Mu sat up straight. He changed his humble and calm tone and said with some excitement and generosity, "In my opinion, I personally hope that the Internet industry in Hua Xia can become the best in two worlds!"

"Then which two worlds are the best?"

"First, I hope that Hua Xia can become the world's largest Internet market."