Chapter 895

The moment YY's revenue exceeded ten million US dollars, PayPal was the first to announce this shocking figure to the online media in America.

This was intentional on Elon Musk's part.

He wanted to give Li Mu a big gift because he knew that Hua Xia people liked to reciprocate. Based on his experience, if you became neighbors with a Hua Xia person, the Hua Xia person might not knock on your door for the rest of his life. However, if you took the initiative to give a Hua Xia neighbor a homemade cake, a homemade pie, or a few bottles of beer that you brewed in your garage, then he would definitely knock on your door the next day to give you his gift. Then, within two days, he would knock on your door again to give you more gifts.

This was how Hua Xia people were like. If you gave me something, I would definitely return it. We would use the gifts as a medium to enhance our relationship.

Elon Musk had his own plans for Li Mu. That was why he took the initiative to give YY the highest rating and priority when it was first launched. Now, he did not forget to use his own media resources to promote YY.

This was exactly what Li Mu lacked.

When Li Mu saw that he had reached ten million US dollars in such a short time, even though he was as tired as a dog, he was still so excited that he bit the tip of his tongue. However, he had a regret in his heart. It was a pity that he did not have any channels, resources, or connections in America. He had not negotiated the capital either. Therefore, he could not take the initiative to publicize the fact that he had broken through ten million US dollars in such a short time.

Of course, Li Mu hoped that the mainstream media in America would be filled with news that YY had broken through ten million US dollars in eight hours. However, this was the same as YY's unexpected popularity in America. It was out of his control. He could only hope that the American media would continue to pay attention to this matter.

Unexpectedly, just when Li Mu thought that he could only resign himself to fate, the mainstream news media in the United States immediately released a major update on their website: PayPal confirms: YY's new member value-added service system has been online for eight hours and has generated more than 10 million USD in revenue!

This was going to be awesome!

It almost attracted the attention of the entire American media, and public opinion exploded!

Bragging was the stupidest but most direct way to brag. If Makino Technology said that they could recharge 10 million US dollars in eight hours of YY, everyone might scold Makino Technology for bragging. They might believe some of it, but not all of it.

The reason why the term "Internet bubble" was so popular was not only because of the industry's historical situation, but also because the people in the Internet industry loved to brag. Other than large companies, small and medium-sized companies would brag when raising funds. Usually, half of the discount was a conservative estimate. Many people even gave up 20% of the real figure. If a small company told the public that it had raised 10 million yuan and was valued at 100 million yuan, it might only raise 2 million yuan and sacrifice nearly half of its shares.

In Li Mu's previous life, there was a founder of XX curriculum who could brag in front of 1.4 billion people at a young age. In Li Mu's opinion, that kid was the most realistic portrayal of Hua Xia's Internet.

Therefore, if Li Mu told the public that he had recharged 10 million US dollars, the American media would not believe him. At most, they would believe 20% or 30%. PayPal would also not jump out to speak up for him. "That's right!

It did recharge 10 million US dollars in eight hours! "

However, if Li Mu learned from others and bragged, saying, "We recharged 50 million US dollars in eight hours!"

Whether the American media believed him or not, PayPal might come out to slap him in the face. "Our data shows that they only recharged 10 million US dollars in eight hours. We don't know where the remaining 40 million came from."

Now, Li Mu did not even have to brag. PayPal directly announced this shocking news to the American media as an absolutely impartial third-party payment channel. Because it was PayPal who said it, and PayPal was the only direct payment channel in the United States, their data must be the most authentic. Therefore, the American media did not question it.

In a short period of time, news of Makino Technology, YY, and recharging 10 million US dollars in eight hours were continuously promoted in the major American portals and TV stations. Elon Musk also secretly added fuel to the fire. He asked a few friends in the media for help to further increase the popularity of the news.

"Hua Xia Internet activates US money-sucking mode!"

"Hua Xia's money-sucking mode in the United States activates!

10 million US dollars in eight hours! "

"The best proof of elite users' spending power!

10 million US dollars in eight hours of YY! "

“MUYE！

Hua Xia's B2 bomber in the Internet industry! "

"The rise of YY, the rise of the Hua Xia Internet!"

"The first Hua Xia Internet product to conquer the United States …"

All kinds of news headlines suddenly flooded the entire American Internet.

While these media outlets were frantically reporting YY news, Li Mu could not take it anymore and went home to sleep. At the same time, the American media reports set off a national discussion. Even users who had no need for office work were curious about what YY was.

However, it was a pity that YY currently did not have a strong marketing team or resources in the United States. Most ordinary users in the United States, after searching for YY, found that most of the comments were about how amazing YY was in the office field. Therefore, most people gave up on downloading to learn more about it.

This was also a double-edged sword of publicity and exposure. YY unexpectedly became popular in the United States as a tool software, and the subsequent publicity and promotion could not keep up. Paradise Town could not keep up either. Therefore, at present, YY only had the identity of a "tool software" in the United States. The media's unrestrained publicity would further accentuate this identity.

However, even so, the media's publicity was still very beneficial. Within a day, there were more than a million new users. This time, the European, Japanese, and Korean Internet and technology media also paid attention to the direction of public opinion in the United States. All of a sudden, they began to deal with this news and published it on their own platforms as overseas inquiries.

By the time Li Mu went to the office in the afternoon the next day, the PayPal payment had been open for 18 hours, and the revenue had reached 13 million.

The first eight hours were very efficient, and most of the users had been used up. Therefore, Li Mu did not have much hope for the subsequent revenue. However, he did not expect that after ten hours, there would still be an increase of three million US dollars. Moreover, this three million US dollars was all from the new users. There were almost 500,000 new paying users. This was a very impressive figure, and it shocked Li Mu.

Later, the staff told him about the situation in the United States media. Only then did Li Mu realize that the increase of three million US dollars was largely due to the media's coverage. The reason why the media was so aggressive in reporting YY's situation was undoubtedly due to the help of PayPal.

Moreover, the data showed that in the past two hours, the revenue curve had continued to decline, and the server data showed that new users had started to appear in Europe, Japan, and South Korea. The number of paying users kept increasing. Li Mu immediately realized that the power of the public opinion in the United States had started to affect Europe, Japan, and South Korea. This meant that with this wave of momentum, YY could enter the European, Japan, and South Korea market without spending a single cent.

The development of YY overseas was really like a shot of adrenaline. The speed of the push was as fast as a tsunami. From this, it could be seen that the speed of a good product and a popular product was like lighting up a firecracker. Although they had not launched their product into the United States market yet, just the timing alone was enough to create a miracle …

While Li Mu was overjoyed, he was also wondering why PayPal would give him such a big gift. While he was thinking hard, the person in charge of the interface with PayPal saw that Li Mu had come to the office. He immediately came to him and told him that the founder of PayPal, Elon Musk, hoped to meet him in Beijing in three days.

Li Mu did not quite understand.

He did not understand why Elon Musk was in such a hurry to meet him after doing him a big favor.

First of all, he did not have much money now. He was just a small character in front of him. It was impossible for him to come over to invest in him.

Secondly, it was impossible for him to know that he had room for development in the future and wanted to curry favor with him in advance. After all, he was an amazing person, and the possibility of him trying to curry favor with others was not high.

Thirdly, SpaceX, which would be more amazing in the future, was still an empty shell. Previously, he had suspected that he wanted him to invest in SpaceX. However, after thinking about it carefully, the possibility of that was very slim.

A person like Elon Musk would not use an empty shell for financing. He had a certain financial foundation and was well versed in the art of capital. When a person like him started a business, he would first fork out a portion of his own capital and wait until his business was on track and had achieved a certain level of performance and influence. Then, he would raise funds to obtain a higher premium. SpaceX was now an empty shell. Even if Lu Zhou wanted to invest in it, Elon Musk would probably not accept it.

So, what was he trying to do?

Li Mu always felt that a person like Elon Musk, even if he was not really amazing yet, was already strong enough on the inside. Such a person, every decision he made in the business world was deeply thought out. He did not hesitate to cross the entire ocean to find him, he must have some ulterior motive, and it would not be a small one!

Li Mu attached great importance to this. First, he agreed to Elon Musk's request to meet. Then, he gathered the backbones of Makino Technology and Taobao for dinner that night. Coincidentally, Liu Shixiong also came back to work, so Li Mu organized the core members of the two companies to meet for the first time.

Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo of Taobao, Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah of Makino Technology, the technology expert Fang Xudong, the capital expert Ding Zhenglin, the content expert Chen Tong, and the business director Ding Jian. These people were people that Li Mu felt had very clear thinking and unique vision. To think about a problem that had no clue, it required people with different vision to diverge their thinking.

During the gathering, Li Mu did not mention anything about Elon Musk. When everyone was basically eating and chatting, Li Mu knocked on the table with his knuckles and said with a smile, "Everyone, there is something that I have been thinking about all day, but I still can't figure it out. Everyone, please give me some advice."

It was rare for Li Mu to be confused, so everyone looked at him and waited for him to continue.