Chapter 912

Li Mu had stolen Boss Ma's limelight several times. Boss Ma had been pressured to the point that he couldn't even breathe. Just the time of Le Tao's launch had been delayed again and again. However, Li Mu wasn't targeting him on purpose this time.

This time, it was because of eBay's urgent demand. That's why the launch was so rushed. This was such a big deal. To be honest, Li Mu couldn't care less about Boss Ma's actions.

In other words, Boss Ma's Le Tao was at most tens of millions of USD. PayPal's current value was 435 million USD. Ten years later, it might be 4.35 billion USD.

However, Boss Ma didn't think so. He didn't know that Li Mu had the backing of eBay. He only knew that Li Mu wanted to be the controlling shareholder of #. Therefore, under such circumstances, Li Mu could hold the launch anytime he wanted. However, he suddenly held it today. It was highly likely that Li Mu knew about Boss Ma's plan in advance and did it on purpose.

Boss Ma was furious. He was going to start the promotion with all the major media outlets at 8 pm tonight. This was written in the contract with all the major media outlets. The pace of the promotion was set and couldn't be changed. If Li Mu made a big news today, more than a hundred media outlets would compete to report on it and attract the attention of a large number of audiences. The effect of his promotion would be greatly reduced.

In fact, he had a total of more than a dozen TV media, print media, and offline promotion in no more than 20 cities. His influence could not be compared with the rhythm of Li Mu's joint promotion of domestic and foreign media.

William Yang, from Amazon, had always been at odds with Boss Ma. However, he couldn't do anything to Boss Ma. Boss Ma had tied Li Guoqing and Liu Jingning together to deal with him.

When William Yang received the news, he immediately went to Boss Ma's office and criticized Boss Ma. "I told you before, Jack!

You must invest more in the promotion!

In the end, you just had to invest so little. Now, if Li Mu comes up with another big news today, the effect of your eight-day promotion plan will be greatly reduced at least for the first three days! "

Boss Ma glared at him and said in an unfriendly tone, "Mr. Yang, even if I spend all my money on promotion, I may not be able to cover all the media invited by Li Mu today. Under the premise that we are doomed to lose to him, we should be glad that we didn't invest enough. Otherwise, the loss will be even worse!"

William snorted and said, "Whatever you say, I don't want to argue with you about who's right and who's wrong. Eight days, you promised to guarantee 8 million subscribers, I just want to see the results!"

Boss Ma said coldly. "You can only wait and see the results. If you are not satisfied with the results, you can apply to go back to the US."

"You …" William Yang understood what Boss Ma was trying to say. Boss Ma was trying to say that he and Amazon only deserve to know the results. But no matter what the results are, he and Amazon will not be able to influence Boss Ma. This is because Amazon has no say in Le Tao.

William Yang knew that it's pointless to continue arguing with Boss Ma. He can only wait for Boss Ma to fail. So, he cursed Boss Ma in his heart and left the office.

After William Yang left, Boss Ma sat down on his chair weakly. He leaned back instinctively and found a place to relax. He closed his eyes and let out a long sigh.

Everyone knew that Li Mu will dominate the Chinese media and the whole nation's attention today. Le Tao's media promotion will start tonight, and this is a huge blow to Boss Ma.

But Boss Ma knows that this time, everything is set. Le Tao is like a heavily-loaded train. It carries the expectations of himself and the entire Alibaba Bar. It carries SoftBank's huge capital, Amazon, and Dangdang's capital.

Once this heavy-duty train picked up speed, it would be impossible to stop. Boss Ma had to brace himself and prepare himself mentally.

Lu Zhaoxi knocked on the door and saw Boss Ma's tired face. He hesitated for a moment and said to Boss Ma. "Boss Ma, the website is undergoing final testing. Do you want to take a look?"

Boss Ma said, "Isn't it 6 pm?

I'll take a look later. I'm not in the mood now. "

Lu Zhaoxi nodded and said, "Let me know if you have any comments. I'm going out now."

Boss Ma nodded. When Lu Zhaoxi was about to leave, he stopped him and asked, "Did anyone from the media go to the Makino Technology Conference?"

Lu Zhaoxi said, "I'm not sure. I'll call and ask."

Boss Ma nodded and said, "Go ahead. If there is anyone, ask them to keep an eye on it. If there is any substantial progress, let me know immediately. We need to know what Li Mu is going to announce today. Then, we need to evaluate the impact of his conference."

Lu Zhaoxi immediately said, "I'll ask them now. If there is anyone, let them know immediately."

"Okay. Go ahead!"

…

At this time, Li Mu, who was far away in Yanjing, was sitting in his office and signing a contract with the representative sent by eBay, Zheng Xigui.

The loan agreement between Makino Technology and eBay had been signed. Zheng Xigui and Li Mu exchanged the contract. Zheng Xigui smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, after I go back today, I'll ask someone to scan the contract and send it back to the United States. After the United States headquarters confirms it, the payment can be completed in two to three days."

Li Mu laughed and reached out to shake Zheng Xigui's hand. He said, "I hope eBay and Makino Technology can go forward hand in hand in the future and create glory together."

Zheng Xigui nodded and said with a smile, "At the conference later, after both parties sign the contract, we will cooperate sincerely and create greater glory!"

As he spoke, Zheng Xigui said, "This is not only a matter between our two companies, but also a joint event between Hua Xia Internet and the United States Internet. This should be the first real cooperation between Hua Xia Internet and the United States Internet, and such a large-scale cooperation will definitely add a lot to both parties!"

Although Zheng Xigui's words were a little exaggerated and sounded very formal, the content of what he said was not exaggerated at all. Hua Xia and the United States Internet had never had such a deep cooperation, and no Hua Xia Internet company could invest in a well-known American Internet company. Li Mu was definitely a pioneer.

Before Li Mu, Hua Xia Internet was very similar to Hua Xia's revolutionaries at the end of the Qing Dynasty. Some people took the Japanese's money to make a revolution, some took the Americans' money to make a revolution, and some took the Russians' money to make a revolution. The development of new domestic markets still needed overseas capital to provide start-up funds. Under such circumstances, how could Hua Xia's revolutionaries have the ability to make a revolution overseas?

However, Li Mu was different. Li Mu founded Makino Technology and Taobao, and so far, he had not received a single cent of investment from overseas capital. Even if there was a plan to use American capital for the C round of financing, with Li Mu's current strength, he had already passed the stage of "you sponsor my revolution".

Now, the reason why Li Mu wanted to look for American capital for the C round of financing was because: I will soon be at your doorstep, and I need to find a powerful local chaebol to cooperate with me from the inside to get twice the results with half the effort.

Li Mu said to Zheng Xigui, "It's rare for eBay to send the person in charge of Hua Xia. Mr. Zheng, you are from Hua Xia. In the future, we must maintain close contact in the cooperation and communication between our two companies."

Zheng Xigui hurriedly nodded. "Of course!

In the future, I will come and disturb you, Li Zong, every now and then. "

As he said this, Zheng Xigui thought of something and said to Li Mu, "Oh right, Li Zong, Ms. Whitman, the CEO of our headquarters, has a message that she wants me to pass to you in person."

Li Mu said, "Please speak."

Zheng Xigui said, "What Ms. Whitman means is that in the future, eBay and Taobao will not have any direct business conflicts. She also hopes that both parties can cooperate sincerely in the overseas market and maintain this kind of dislocation in the domestic market."

Li Mu immediately understood that Meg Whitman was expressing her stance to him. She hoped to eliminate competition. In the future, the cooperation between eBay and YY in PayPal, as well as in the overseas market, would naturally be a good thing. However, the situation in the domestic market was different. This was because Meg Whitman knew that Li Mu not only had Makino Technology, but he also had Taobao.

Taobao was positioned as a B2C and C2C e-commerce, and its model was very different from eBay. In Meg Whitman's opinion, eBay would not be involved in Taobao's business in the future, but she did not want the baby eBay to be crushed by Li Mu. They were good partners in the overseas market, and there was no reason for them to fight in Hua Xia.

Li Mu felt that Meg Whitman had given him a lot of benefits this time. Just the 435 million USD loan alone had solved a lot of problems. Although Meg Whitman was also forced by the situation, Li Mu still had to accept this favor and give Meg Whitman some special benefits.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Zheng Xigui, "Mr. Zheng, please tell Ms. Whitman that as a business partner, I won't let Taobao get involved in eBay's business. Don't worry about that."

Zheng Xigui's heart was relieved. This couldn't be better.

The cooperation between eBay and Makino Technology was a standard two-track cooperation. The Hua Xia market was one line, and the markets outside of Hua Xia were another line. The two lines used completely different cooperation strategies.

In the Hua Xia market, the two sides did not pursue cooperation. They only wanted to keep a clear line and not touch each other. However, in the overseas market, the two sides had to be closely tied together, cooperate deeply, and conquer the overseas market together.

The two had just finished talking about business when Lin Ching-ah knocked on the door and came in. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Mr. Musk is here. We and the executive company are going to let the media in in half an hour. Do you have any other instructions?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Have the transportation fees, gifts, drinks, and snacks been prepared?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Of course, these have been prepared."