Chapter 1047

When all the venture capitalists in Silicon Valley were eagerly waiting to meet with Li Mu, Li Mu took the initiative to meet with Google's founder, Larry Page, who happened to be in Silicon Valley at the same time as him.

In Li Mu's eyes, Larry Page's contribution to the world was greater and more profound than Steve Jobs'. Although the latter created many amazing products, Larry Page had truly changed the world.

Search engines made a great contribution to the Internet. They greatly improved the efficiency of people searching for information on the Internet. With this as a foundation, they improved almost all the efficiency of people using computers.

Learning efficiency, work efficiency, and even gaming efficiency were all improving. Just like how Baidu completely integrated into the lives of Hua Xia netizens in the future, Google integrated into the lives of the world's netizens.

Google was a company that advocated technology. This was inextricably linked to Larry Page himself. For ordinary netizens, they might not know what was so great about Google, but as a programmer, Li Mu knew Google better than ordinary people.

The strong accumulation of technology and patents made Google the most powerful Internet company in the world. Moreover, its technology was widely used, far beyond the scope of ordinary users. However, Google's market value was not as high as Makino Technology.

Li Mu admired Larry Page, and at the same time, Larry Page admired Li Mu.

Since the founding of Google, Larry Page had spent several years creating many far-reaching innovations. However, in terms of commercialization, it was still a few levels lower than Makino Technology.

Li Mu arrived at the restaurant where he had agreed to meet Larry Page in advance. After waiting for about ten minutes, the 29-year-old Larry Page arrived.

It was the first time they met, and Li Mu was particularly nervous. Fortunately, he was calm on the surface, but Larry Page's expression revealed a bit of nervousness.

When facing Li Mu, Larry Page was indeed not confident. He was nearly ten years older than Li Mu, but Li Mu's value was much higher than his. Google's current valuation was only about 10 billion USD, while Makino Technology's valuation was at least 20 billion USD. In addition, Li Mu also had a company called Mu Ye Games, which owned the currently popular "Paradise Town." What was even more frightening was that Li Mu also had a website called Taobao that was comparable to Amazon in Hua Xia. If an authoritative organization systematically calculated Li Mu's value, he could even be at the top of the world's richest people.

Larry Page did not know why Li Mu took the initiative to meet him. In his opinion, he was not as rich as Li Mu, so he naturally did not think that Li Mu would admire him.

After Li Mu and Larry Page shook hands and greeted each other, they sat across from each other. Li Mu said very sincerely to Larry Page, "Mr. Page, as a fan of Google, I have been wanting to meet you for a long time. It's a great honor to finally have the opportunity to meet you today."

Larry Page did not expect Li Mu to be so polite. He hurriedly said, "You are too kind, Mr. Li. In contrast, I am a fan of Makino Technology. YY is an excellent product, and I use it every day. It is a great help to improve my work efficiency and saves me a lot of time. It is definitely the best auxiliary office software I have ever used. It is very amazing."

Li Mu smiled bitterly and said, "Mr. Page, you should be able to tell that the nature of YY is not an auxiliary office software …"

Larry Page hurriedly said, "I am sorry, I am really sorry. I made a mistake."

Larry Page said again, "YY itself is indeed an unbelievably perfect social communication software. To be honest, when I first saw YY, I always doubted that it was a product of our time."

Li Mu was shocked and could not help but ask, "Why do you say that?"

Larry Page said seriously, "In my opinion, YY is unimaginably perfect in all aspects. In my opinion, it almost doesn't follow the rules of all the Internet products in this era. Its visual design language alone surpasses all the current Internet products. Its interactive experience also shows unprecedented user-friendliness, which is incomparable to the current products. Most importantly, the highly user-friendly functions of YY highlight the founder's deep understanding of the user's needs. All in all, this product has indeed surpassed the times."

Larry Page looked at Li Mu and said in a somewhat joking tone, "To be able to develop such a perfect product, it proves that your way of thinking is also beyond the times. Without you and Makino Technology, the Internet industry may need more than five years to reach your level."

Larry Page's evaluation made Li Mu feel a chill down his spine. The nervousness in his heart was simply indescribable. On the one hand, he did not expect Larry Page to give such a high evaluation of his product. On the other hand, he did not expect Larry Page to give such a seemingly exaggerated but, in fact, infinitely close to reality.

Frankly speaking, in the process of pursuing the height of the product, Li Mu did not consider the issue of the "time frame." However, after Larry Page's indirect reminder, Li Mu finally had the awareness of the "time frame."

The so-called "time frame", to put it bluntly, was what the era itself should be. If there was something that surpassed the time frame, then it would immediately stand out from the crowd.

The current YY was indeed ahead of the times. It used the design language, interaction methods, and product functions that Teng Xun had spent many years and countless versions. Every aspect reflected a deep understanding of the various needs of the user. Ordinary users did not have a sensitive sense of the industry and would only feel that the software was too easy to use. However, for an industry guru like Larry Page, it was not unusual for him to have such a feeling.

If a 2016 S-Class Benz were to be erased all the brand information and brought to the automobile industry in 2002 for research, they would probably feel the same way.

Even the car designers of Benz in 2002 would be shocked by the outstanding automobile designers of 2002. They could tell at a glance that the 2016 S-Class Benz used a design language that was completely different from the major manufacturers of this era in terms of the intake and exhaust, front and rear enclosure, waistline, and so on.

The chassis tuning engineers of 2002 would also find that the 2016 Benz's chassis was far more complex and advanced than they could comprehend. If it was coupled with a high-end thing like the electromagnetic suspension, they would even more doubt their own existence.

The engine engineers of 2002 would also be shocked. How could the 2016 Benz, with a 3.0 liter displacement, burst out with a powerful force of nearly 400 horsepower?

How could their 3.2-liter displacement engine only have a mere 220 horsepower?

The gearbox engineers of 2002 would also be shocked. The best automatic gearbox they could make only had five forward gears. Furthermore, the technology was not mature enough, and the shift response was also very slow. How could this car achieve seven gears?

Moreover, the speed of switching between the seven gears was astonishing, and at the same time, it was incomparably smooth.

Today's YY was such a product. Not only would it make ordinary people in the industry feel despair, but it would also surprise top professionals like Larry Page. Li Mu even suspected that there would be people who would look at YY like Larry Page. At the same time, their thinking would be more jumpy and bold than Larry Page's. Would the National People's Congress even have the guts to assume that he was a time traveler from the future?

Just as Li Mu was getting nervous, Larry Page saw that Li Mu was silent and said, "In my opinion, it is precisely because YY has so many epoch-making advancements that it has become an epoch-making product. It is just like how the first color camera shocked the world. Just like when penicillin was first discovered, and the magical effects that penicillin brought to the world, YY also shocked and inspired me. It made me realize that products can be made in this way."

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief.

When Larry Page thought about YY, he had automatically ignored the possibility that it could have come from the future. His analogy also made Li Mu feel a lot more relaxed. Before his rebirth, there were often many epoch-making products in the world. However, no matter how powerful the products were, other than praising and emulating them, people would not doubt that they came from the future.

Perhaps the impression that YY gave to the top professionals in the industry was that it was the first camera that could take color photos. It had subverted the world of black and white photography and shocked them greatly. However, they would not really question whether this disruptive product came from the future. They would only seriously study the product itself so that they could catch up.

After relaxing, Li Mu said to Larry Page, "Actually, in my opinion, Google is also an epoch-making product. Its emergence has brought great changes to the entire Internet world. It's like giving every user a Hubble telescope dedicated to the Internet world, so that everyone can find what they want to find and explore everything they want to explore."

As he said that, Li Mu asked Larry Page, "Mr. Page, I'm very curious. What motivated you to create Google?"

Larry Page smiled slightly and said with a little shyness, "When I was 22 years old, I was still a graduate student at Stanford. At that time, I was very enthusiastic about the Internet. At that time, the Internet was still in its infancy stage, and there was no order to it. A small number of people were fighting for themselves, randomly creating some page products to fill the Internet world. It was like the era before the birth of libraries. Many authors were writing books, but there was no library that could gather their books together.

"Without a library, it became extremely difficult for readers to find books, so I came up with an idea. Is it possible to build a 'library' on the Internet? Just like how a library collects all kinds of works and then builds a collection catalog, I can download all the information on the Internet and then search every page in it to form a product similar to a library catalog. This way, if a user wants to read any kind of works, they only need to search my library catalog, and all the relevant works that they want to see will appear."

Li Mu said in surprise, "Google's idea actually came from a library?"

Larry Page nodded. "That's right. The most appropriate explanation for the so-called search engine is' library + book catalog. 'Google's program will continuously crawl all kinds of information on the Internet and build itself into the world's largest and most comprehensive' library. '"

When Li Mu heard Larry Page's metaphor, he suddenly thought of the future Google Books, the super online library with more than 20 million e-books in the future. However, in his impression, the birth of Google Books was a little later. So, Li Mu asked him, "Mr. Page, since you think that Google's original intention is so similar to a library, have you ever thought of making a real online library, digitizing as many paper books as possible, and then putting them online for people to read?"