Chapter 792

Li Mu's words revealed a lot of information.

First of all, he took the initiative to call Su Weimin Uncle Su instead of Director Su, which showed that he had a closer relationship with Su Weimin.

Secondly, he thanked Ding Sicheng for arranging for Su Weimin to pick him up at the airport. However, the last sentence of "overwhelmed by the favor" clearly had another meaning. With Li Mu's current status, no matter how grand the Haizhou Municipal Committee was, he didn't need to use the word "overwhelmed by the favor". Therefore, there was an inseparable relationship between "overwhelmed by the favor" and "Uncle Su."

Ding Sicheng was surprised. He had never heard of any leaders of the Municipal Committee who had a personal relationship with Li Mu. After Li Mu accepted the interview, Ding Sicheng had been thinking about whether he could get in touch with Li Mu, a talent from Haizhou. He wanted to establish a certain relationship with Li Mu, so he specifically asked at the meeting of the Municipal Committee. However, at that time, the entire leadership of the Municipal Committee and even the leaders of various bureaus and units didn't know Li Mu. Why did Li Mu call Su Weimin "Uncle Su" today?

Ding Sicheng was also guessing whether Su Weimin had just met Li Mu during the process of picking him up, so he was also testing the waters. He smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Director Su may look serious, but he is actually a very enthusiastic person. He is cold on the outside but warm on the inside."

Li Mu heard the test in Ding Sicheng's words, so he smiled and said, "Secretary Ding's summary is very accurate. I have known Uncle Su for so long, and he is indeed a person who is cold on the outside but warm on the inside."

Hearing this, Ding Sicheng's expression was slightly stunned, but he quickly returned to normal. However, there was a storm in his heart. It seemed that Su Weimin and Li Mu really knew each other, and their relationship was not ordinary. This was really a big problem for him …

Su Weimin didn't expect Li Mu to do him a favor right in front of Ding Sicheng.

After becoming the head of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau, Su Weimin's life was not very good. Most importantly, after taking office, he realized that Ding Sicheng was not easy to get along with. Ding Sicheng looked down on Su Weimin more or less.

There was even a rumor that Ding Sicheng hoped to find an opportunity to remove Su Weimin from his position at the end of this year or next year so that he could promote his confidant.

Although this matter had not been settled, Su Weimin knew very well that Ding Sicheng looked down on him and wanted to replace him.

For the secretary of the municipal party committee, the head of the municipal bureau was one of the most important roles under his command. If there was no suitable or pleasing person to play this role, he would definitely not be happy.

Su Weimin's biggest problem was that he did not have enough support behind him. He only got his position with Du Cheng's help before Du Cheng was transferred. Although he also stood on the side of the provincial department, the provincial department only had influence in the political and legal system after all. For Ding Sicheng, the provincial public security department could not bring him any real time pressure. Therefore, even if Su Weimin had some connections in the provincial department, it was not worthy of Ding Sicheng's attention.

The biggest reason why Ding Sicheng looked down on Su Weimin was that Su Weimin got his position by luck. If the previous director of the municipal bureau, Du Cheng, had not fought with the veteran deputy director, Li Jiawei, before he was transferred, and Li Jiawei happened to be found to have serious problems, the position of the municipal bureau's top leader would not have fallen into Su Weimin's hands.

After Li Jiawei was found to be involved in corruption and bribery, Ding Sicheng had also thought of promoting someone he trusted to be the director of the municipal bureau. However, compared to Su Weimin, the person he trusted was much less qualified.

If Su Weimin did not have any background, it would not be a big problem for Ding Sicheng to suppress him and promote his confidant to a higher position. However, he did not expect the provincial department to reveal a clear intention. They hoped that Su Weimin, who was the most convincing and most capable of stabilizing the situation, would take over as the director of the municipal bureau at the critical moment when the first director of the municipal bureau was transferred to the provincial department and the second director was suspected of corruption. As soon as the provincial department showed this intention, Ding Sicheng did not have any other ideas. He personally nominated Su Weimin, which was also a favor to the provincial department.

However, although Su Weimin was appointed as the top leader of the municipal bureau, Ding Sicheng still did not think that Su Weimin had any background and connections. In Ding Sicheng's opinion, the provincial department wanted him to take over the position because they hoped that he could stabilize the situation in the Haizhou Municipal Bureau. If the third director was not promoted at the critical moment when the first director was transferred and the second director was suspected of corruption, the Haizhou Municipal Bureau would be in chaos, whether it was promoting someone else or parachuting a new leader.

If the provincial department wanted to stabilize the situation, the best choice was to let Su Weimin, who had worked in the municipal bureau for more than 20 years, take over. Only he could convince the public at that critical moment.

At present, the situation in the municipal bureau had been completely stabilized. It was inevitable that Ding Sicheng had other ideas. He really wanted to remove Su Weimin from the position of the top leader of the municipal bureau and replace him with his confidant. This plan had even begun to be implemented. Ding Sicheng was confident that he could achieve this goal as early as the end of the year, or at the latest in the second half of next year. However, he did not expect that Su Weimin would know Li Mu!

This had overturned his entire plan. Su Weimin had such a good relationship with Li Mu. If he still took over Su Weimin, wouldn't he also offend Li Mu?

Li Mu did not know Su Weimin's status in the circle of power in Haizhou City, nor did he know the embarrassing situation he was facing. Li Mu only felt that this was a good opportunity to boost Su Weimin's reputation. After all, he was Su Yingxue's father, so he had to pay more attention to him.

Since Su Yingxue's uncle, Wang Shaohua, was put in an important position in the construction committee because of Li Mu, Li Mu found that he already had a certain amount of influence in the officialdom.

Hua Xia was a country that paid special attention to human relations and relationships. This was even more vividly reflected in the officialdom. If someone had a good relationship, even if his position was not high, he could still get the higher-level leaders to give him enough attention and favor.

Wang Shaohua was only able to get the attention and support of the top leader just because he knew Li Mu. Although he was only an ordinary deputy division level investigator in the construction committee, he could still get the attention and support of the top leader. This was the role of relationships.

Li Mu deliberately showed his familiarity with Su Weimin in front of Ding Sicheng and several other leaders of the municipal party committee. He also wanted to take this opportunity to do Su Weimin a favor. Su Weimin was now only a director of the municipal bureau. If he could get the attention of several core leaders, he might get more room for promotion in the municipal government in the future.

Ding Sicheng was a little more afraid of Su Weimin in his heart, but he also tried to use Su Weimin to increase the favor between him and Li Mu. So he quickly adjusted his mentality and said to Li Mu, "Since Li Zong and Director Su know each other, you can have a good chat at the dinner table later."

Su Weimin was not in the list of people who accompanied Li Mu to eat. He did not receive the notice in advance. Ding Sicheng suddenly said such a sentence, which was equivalent to temporarily adding Su Weimin to the list of people who accompanied Li Mu for dinner.

Su Weimin was not only surprised in his heart. He did not expect that Li Mu would directly do him a favor as soon as he came up. Looking at Ding Sicheng's surprised expression and subsequent response, it could be seen that because of a few words from Li Mu, Ding Sicheng had already begun to re-examine himself.

And Su Weimin had a vague feeling that from now on, Ding Sicheng would definitely not think about getting rid of him. After all, the influence of a billionaire, Li Mu, was so powerful that it could not be ignored.

At this time, Ding Sicheng looked at the time and said, "It's getting late. Li Zong, the cafeteria has prepared some home-cooked dishes. Why don't we eat first and then talk about business?"

Li Mu did not refuse. He nodded gently and said politely, "Then our family of three will thank Secretary Ding for your hospitality in advance."

Ding Sicheng hurriedly said with a smile, "You're welcome. I'm representing the entire Haizhou City to welcome you, Li Zong. You are the pride of Haizhou. If I don't treat you well, the people of Haizhou will not forgive me."

"Secretary Ding, you're too kind."

Li Mu said politely, and Ding Sicheng made a gesture of invitation. While walking side by side with Li Mu to the cafeteria, he did not forget to turn back and wave at Su Weimin, calling Su Weimin to the other side of him.

This small gesture was seen by the other leaders of the municipal party committee, and they were clear in their hearts. Even though everyone knew that Ding Sicheng used to look down on Su Weimin, this situation was probably going to become history.

In the cafeteria, Li Mu deliberately sat between his parents. Ding Sicheng asked Su Weimin to sit opposite Li Mu. One was Su Weimin, and the other was Cui Chengyun, the deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and the mayor, the second-in-command of the Haizhou City Committee.

Su Weimin felt a little uncomfortable to be so valued by Ding Sicheng all of a sudden. As a second-line member outside the standing committee, he rarely ate with the secretary of the municipal party committee. Naturally, Ding Sicheng paid special attention to him for the sake of Li Mu. It seemed that Li Mu's influence was extraordinary now.

During the meal, Ding Sicheng tried to find various topics to talk to Li Mu, while Su Weimin observed Li Mu silently. She found that Li Mu was very sensitive to the ways of officialdom at such a young age. In the various previous exchanges between Su Weimin and Ding Sicheng, not only could Li Mu distinguish the real purpose of Ding Sicheng's words, but he also often spoke with a double meaning in his words. He conveyed the message he wanted to convey to Ding Sicheng without any mistakes. He did not seem like a young man in his twenties at all.

Seeing that Li Mu was devising strategies, Su Weimin suddenly had a shocking thought in her mind.

She suddenly thought of a series of questions that she had not been able to figure out. First of all, who did Guo Lin, the mine manager of the Xiling Coal Mine, offend last summer to be exposed on the Internet for him to have a relationship with a female university student and his corruption?

Second, who exposed the fact that Wu Dong, who had a close relationship with Guo Lin, hit someone and ran away?

Who then pushed Guo Lin to the teeth of the storm?

The reason why Li Jiawei, the deputy director, fell from power was because he was involved in Wu Dong's case. The reason why Su Weimin was able to get promoted was also because of this case. Based on Su Weimin's intuition as a veteran criminal police officer, he felt that if he were to sort out the past, everything was because of Guo Lin. Therefore, Su Weimin had always felt that his promotion was inseparable from the person who wanted to mess with Guo Lin. In other words, it was precisely because someone wanted to mess with Guo Lin that he became a hidden beneficiary.