Chapter 1468

Robin did not understand why Li Mu had asked him to go to the United States in such a hurry, even after he got on the plane to the United States.

This morning, shortly after Robin got up, he received a call from Li Mu. Li Mu said to him on the phone, "Robin, come to Silicon Valley to see me as soon as possible. I have a good deal for you. You have to hurry. You can't miss this opportunity."

When Robin asked Li Mu what the good deal was, Li Mu did not answer. He only told him, "Don't worry, I won't let you come for nothing."

Robin immediately bought a ticket for the afternoon. After packing a few clothes in a hurry, he boarded the flight to San Francisco.

The plane stopped in Seoul, South Korea for three hours, then flew to San Francisco without stopping.

When Robin landed in San Francisco, Google had just set up a strategic analysis office. This office was specifically used to monitor and analyze the series of actions of Makino Technology. This office was used to screen and judge whether Makino Technology would make a search engine, and if it did, what would they do.

Because Li Mu's offer was too high, Google's shareholders could not accept it, so they subconsciously thought that Li Mu was just bluffing. They were now closely watching Li Mu's every move, hoping to confirm their point of view.

For them, they hoped that Li Mu would really not be able to spare energy to build Makino Technology's search engine, as they had guessed. In that case, their rejection of Li Mu would be an unparalleled "wise move."

It was precisely because of this mentality that this office was given an extremely awkward position. That was: keep your eyes on Li Mu, but it's best if you don't find anything …

However, what they did not expect was that, less than five hours after the office was set up, at eight o 'clock on the night they rejected Li Mu, they heard a piece of news: an entrepreneur from Hua Xia, who left Silicon Valley many years ago, had returned to Silicon Valley.

A few years ago, Robin returned to Hua Xia from Silicon Valley with venture capital and founded a Chinese-language search engine, Baidu. During this period, Robin returned to Silicon Valley several times, but each time it was related to capital. Basically, he only returned to Silicon Valley for financing.

But this time, Robin didn't come for financing. He was summoned by Li Mu at the last minute. He flew over from the other side of the world on the day he received the summon.

Therefore, after Robin got off the plane, he was immediately taken to the office of Makino Technology by the fleet of Makino Technology's North American branch. Even though it was already night time in the United States, even though Robin had just experienced a fifteen-hour flight, he still came to meet Li Mu as soon as he got off the plane.

In Li Mu's office, Robin had just sat down, and before he could catch his breath, Li Mu's next sentence made him freeze in place, as if he had been struck by lightning.

Li Mu said, "Robin, give me all the patents and technologies of Baidu's search engine. In the future, you will be in charge of the Chinese search engine and the Hua Xia market, and I will be in charge of the Chinese search engine and the markets outside of Hua Xia."

Robin could hardly believe that Li Mu would say such a thing. Li Mu's request was almost equivalent to asking someone to share his wife with him, and he would take five and a half days out of seven days a week.

Just when Robin was at a loss for words, Li Mu said, "Robin, don't tell me that you are really going to enter the overseas market."

Robin said awkwardly, "Not at the moment, but there is still a possibility in the future …"

Li Mu said with a serious face, "Stop dreaming. You should be thanking the gods if you can hold on to the Hua Xia market and not let Google push you down from the first place in the market. Baidu's future is not to dominate the world. You should be content with a small corner of the world."

After hearing Li Mu's words, Robin's expression became a little more conflicted. He wanted to tell Li Mu that he had a grand dream of dominating the world, but he did not dare to say it out loud, because he knew the current situation of Baidu. Li Mu was basically 90% right.

At present, Google has not withdrawn from the Hua Xia market. In the Hua Xia market, they are still Baidu's biggest competitor. Baidu is fully focused on the Hua Xia market and has no energy to develop overseas. On the other hand, Google is still expanding rapidly in the overseas market. The longer it drags on, the less likely it is for Baidu to go out of China.

Seeing that Robin's expression was a little uncomfortable, Li Mu smiled and said, "Robin, sometimes you have to look beyond the surface to see the essence. Your current situation is very similar to that of domestic car manufacturers. You have to face the crazy impact of overseas companies to develop in the local market. Being able to establish a foothold in China is almost the limit. It is basically impossible for you to become a company like Benz, Volkswagen, or Toyota. But you always have a beautiful dream in your heart, always thinking that one day your products can go out of China and sell to the world. But to be honest, this is impossible."

Robin nodded awkwardly and said, "Li Zong, I admit that what you said makes sense, but you can't just ask me to open up all the core products of Baidu to you. How can I explain it to the shareholders?

Even if we are doing business, you have to give me a price. You can't just take it away for free, can you? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I was waiting for you to say this. I want to make sure that you can realize that you can't cover the global market before I talk about the specific cooperation plan with you."

Robin said helplessly, "Alright, Li Zong, I realize that Baidu can't cover the global market. So what you said just now is very right. I just have a dream to go out of China and go to the world. If your price is right and can impress me and the other shareholders of Baidu, we are willing to sell this dream to you."

Li Mu said, "It's not selling, Robin, it's a cooperation!"

Robin immediately became interested and hurriedly asked, "What kind of cooperation?"

Li Mu said, "We will set up a joint venture company. Makino Technology will provide the capital and resources, and you will provide the technology. We will set up a new search company and build a new search engine. As long as it is still in operation, this search engine will permanently avoid the Hua Xia market to protect Baidu. And in other markets outside of the Hua Xia market, we will completely use Google as the target company to attack Google's business."

Robin said in surprise, "Li Zong, are you going to start a war with Google?"

Li Mu nodded without hesitation and said, "I still value the search engine market very much, and there is no reason for Google to dominate it. That's why I want to cooperate with you. You have a ready-made search engine solution, and I have a huge overseas traffic and strong capital support. I will use your technology, my resources, and capital to attack Google in the overseas market. Not only will this not conflict with your interests, but it will also help Baidu by besieging Wei to rescue Zhao Zhao. If Google is overwhelmed by me in the overseas market, their investment in Hua Xia's domestic market will inevitably shrink a lot. In this way, Baidu's interests in Hua Xia's domestic market will be sufficiently guaranteed."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu continued, "You cooperate with me, open up the technology to me, and I will help you attack your biggest enemy. I will give you 10% of the shares in the joint venture company. You don't need to spend a cent, just nod your head. At the same time, I promise you that I will not open up Baidu's patent and technology to any third party. You can rest assured."

When Robin heard this, his interest was greatly aroused by Li Mu. Just as he was pondering and weighing the pros and cons, Li Mu continued, "Robin, you are like a monkey in a tree being chased by a tiger. You are lucky to escape from the tiger's mouth, but it is impossible to kill the tiger. Now, you have a bullet in your hand, but in the hands of a monkey, it can only be used to throw a bullet. It can't hurt the tiger at all. But in the hands of a hunter with a gun, it can kill the tiger in one shot. And I am that hunter with a gun. As long as you give me the bullet in your hand, I will help you kill the tiger, keep your territory in the tree, and give you 10% of the tiger's meat. What's there to hesitate about?"

Hearing this, Robin almost said without hesitation, "Li Zong, I agree!"

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "So straightforward?

Don't you need to go back and discuss with the shareholders? "

"No need."

Robin said, "In order to speed up the listing, I have signed a concerted action agreement with the shareholders and capital. I am now fully in charge of the company."

Speaking of this, Robin added, "Of course, although I have already promised Li Zong, out of respect for the shareholders, I still need to hold a video conference to discuss with them. If everyone agrees, that will be the best case scenario. But I can assure you that if the shareholders don't agree, I will personally approve it."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "As soon as possible."

Robin said firmly, "Don't worry, I will!"

Li Mu smiled indifferently and sighed in his heart. Larry Page, don't you think I don't have the time to fight with you?

This time, I will catch you off guard and let you know what it means to have a grudge overnight.

…

The news of Robin's visit to Hua Xia was spread through the QQ group of Google's executives. When Larry Page heard that Robin had come and met with Li Mu as soon as he got off the plane, his heart skipped a beat.

He couldn't help but think of what Li Mu had said when he threatened him. He said that he could ask Robin to open up all of Baidu's technology to him at any time, and then he could ask Makino Technology to quickly launch a mature search engine based on Baidu's technology. This search engine might not be as high-tech as Google's, but because Makino Technology had more users and stronger user stickiness, it could pose a huge threat to Google.

Larry Page had told all Google's shareholders about this situation, but they still chose to deceive themselves and think that everything Li Mu said was a bluff. But who would have thought that just one day later, Li Mu began to make pre-war arrangements!

What was a ruthless person?

This kind of person who turned around and sharpened his sword after the negotiation failed was the real ruthless person!

The shareholders also thought that Robin would not be willing to give all of Baidu's technology and patents to Li Mu. They were sure that Li Mu's statement was purely wishful thinking. But the person who slapped them in the face the most was Robin himself …

From the time when Google rejected Li Mu to the time when Robin arrived in Silicon Valley, it was only a little more than 24 hours. The whole process should be: Google rejected Li Mu, Li Mu immediately called Robin, and after Robin received Li Mu's call, he couldn't wait to book a plane ticket from Hua Xia to meet Li Mu in Silicon Valley.

In the eyes of Google's shareholders, Robin's anxious attitude was enough to prove that he had agreed to all of Li Mu's requests.

But what they didn't expect was that Li Mu was also afraid that Robin would reject him, so he didn't reveal a single word of his plan over the phone. He only told Robin all of his plans after he tricked Robin into meeting him.

This way, Li Mu won the first step. From the perspective of outsiders, Robin immediately dropped all of his work and flew from Hua Xia to Silicon Valley to meet him. This could only mean that he had decided to cooperate with Li Mu. Regardless of whether Robin agreed or not, Li Mu could make his enemy nervous first.

Li Mu's guess was right. It was precisely because of Robin's misleading words that Google's shareholders became extremely nervous.

The few things that they said would never happen yesterday all happened today. This proved that Li Mu didn't have a lack of manpower or was bluffing. Now that Robin had come all the way to Silicon Valley, he would definitely fully cooperate with Li Mu's strategic plan. In this case, perhaps in a month or two, Makino Technology's search engine would be launched worldwide. By that time, Google would definitely suffer a devastating blow …

When Google thought about the strength of Makino Technology and their powerful ability to brainwash users, they began to panic. Many of them cursed themselves in their hearts. Why didn't they just accept Li Mu's 15% asking price yesterday?

Why?

Did they get kicked in the head by a donkey?

Did they suspect that Li Mu was bluffing?

Was this guy a bluffing person?

This guy was obviously a honey badger!

Who in North America didn't know how aggressive honey badgers were?

Even if you looked at them, they would still fight you to the end. When did they ever back down?