Chapter 650

Song Liang was driving very fast.

Chen Ze saw him driving so hard and couldn't help but say, "Brother Liang, slow down. This is the city, not the highway. It's easy to get into trouble if you drive so fast …"

Song Liang blurted out, "I'm anxious!

I've heard about what kind of person Huang Jinxiao is during my time in Yanjing. Xiao Mu beat him up. What if he wants to hurt Xiao Mu? "

Chen Ze scratched his head and said, "Huang Jinxiao is capable, but Li Mu is now in the Western District Branch. Even if Huang Jinxiao really wants to hurt Li Mu, he would have to do it in a place like the detention center. It's impossible for him to do it in the Public Security Bureau. So, at most, he would suffer a little, but there won't be any danger."

Song Liang said, "I'm also worried that he will suffer in the police station."

Chen Ze nodded slightly and took out his phone to call Cai Zhengmao. He only heard from Song Liang that someone drove Huang Jinxiao's car and killed Li Mu's girlfriend's classmate. He also injured Li Mu's girlfriend and then escaped. Then, Huang Jinxiao found someone to take the blame, which angered Li Mu. However, he didn't know who Huang Jinxiao was covering for. He had to figure it out first before he could take the initiative.

Cai Zhengmao was a veteran in Yanjing. He also sold imported cars, so he had a deeper understanding of the luxury cars in Yanjing and the people who drove them. Maybe he could get some information from him.

Now, Cai Zhengmao was a shareholder of the racing track and the future CSC Club. Li Mu was also one of the shareholders, and he was also a core member who provided creative and operational ideas. Now that something had happened to him, Cai Zhengmao should help out.

After Cai Zhengmao heard the gist of the matter, he immediately guessed that the person who hit the car was Huang Jinxiao's son, Huang Shuolun. It was said that Huang Shuolun was Huang Jinxiao's only son. Huang Jinxiao had four daughters in a row before she had Huang Shuolun as a son at the age of thirty-five. She usually spoiled him to the heavens. Huang Shuolun usually loved to play with cars, but he was very unlucky. Last week, he drove drunk and crashed his Lamborghini. That Lamborghini was at Cai Zhengmao's place. At the same time, after the accident, it was also at Cai Zhengmao's place waiting for the parts to arrive for repair.

Huang Shuolun's car crashed, so it was reasonable for him to drive his father's car. Also, he was a frequent drunk driver, so it was not unusual for him to get into accidents.

However, to be cautious, Cai Zhengmao still made a lot of phone calls and asked around before calling Chen Ze back.

Chen Ze's face lit up when he received the call. He said to Cai Zhengmao, "Thanks for your hard work, Zhengmao. You don't have to show your face in this matter.

After hanging up the phone, Song Liang couldn't help but ask him, "How is it? Do you have a clue?"

Chen Ze said: "Brother Liang, you should drive slower. It's fine if we arrive a few minutes later. We can also let the police from the Western District Branch teach Li Mu a lesson. Let him not be so impulsive in the future."

Seeing him playing it down, Song Liang couldn't help but ask, "What's going on?"

Chen Ze said, "Such a good hand of cards, let him ruin it himself. Don't you think we should teach him a lesson?"

Song Liang asked him impatiently, "What do you mean? Can you not keep me guessing?"

Chen Ze then told Song Liang about the situation. After hearing it, Song Liang directly slowed down and turned on the right turn signal to pull over. Chen Ze asked him, "Why did you stop?"

Song Liang took out a cigarette and handed one to Chen Ze. He slowly lit it up and took a puff. Then, he said, "We'll go later. Let him remember this!"

…

Shuitan Hospital's emergency department.

About an hour ago, Cai Zhi had died from serious injuries. Huang Jinxiao said that he had come to the hospital. In fact, he had only asked the driver to drive the car to the entrance of the hospital and asked the lawyer surnamed Wu to come in and ask about the situation. When he heard that Cai Zhi had died, he directly asked the driver to drive to the Western District Branch.

He didn't expect that he would be brought here by the ambulance. After getting out of the ambulance and seeing the signboard of Shuitan Hospital's emergency department, Huang Jinxiao realized that the female university student that was hit by his son had died not long ago. Maybe her body was still warm. This made him feel a little anxious. He wasn't afraid of living people, but this kind of karma made him feel a little uncomfortable.

He said to the lawyer next to him, "Xiao Wu, change the hospital for me!

I won't stay here!

Go to Concorde! "

The doctor next to the cart glanced at him and said, "Your ribs are fractured. You have to do an X-ray as soon as possible to see if there is internal bleeding. Shuitan Hospital is the best hospital nearby. It will take at least 20 minutes to drive to Concorde. If there is internal bleeding, 20 minutes will be fatal!"

The lawyer surnamed Wu also comforted him, "Yes, Mr. Huang. Safety is the most important. Let's do a systematic examination here first. After confirming that there is no danger, we can go to Concorde. I have already informed your brother and sister. They are already on the way."

Huang Jinxiao nodded and didn't say anything more. He accepted the treatment here. However, the more he thought about it, the more disgusted he felt. He scolded his disappointing son in his heart, "That useless thing only knows how to f * cking cause trouble for me. After this matter is settled, I must teach him a good lesson!"

Huang Jinxiao finished the CT scan. Fortunately, he only had two ribs fractured and there was no internal bleeding. His life was not in danger.

However, his four bodyguards were too miserable.

Two of them had fainted and all of them were seriously injured.

The more Huang Jinxiao thought about it, the angrier he got. He couldn't wait to tear Li Mu into pieces.

At this time, in the bureau chief's office of the Western District Branch, Lu Changyong anxiously made a call to his superior in the city bureau. Then, he was scolded by his superior on the phone.

After scolding Lu Changyong, his superior said to him, "I will go to the hospital to see Mr. Huang now. You can handle the matter on your side!

If you can't handle it well, you can forget about your position as the bureau chief. Prepare to be transferred to the County Level at the end of the year! "

Lu Changyong was scared out of his wits. If he really transferred to the County Level, even if he was of the same rank, he would not be able to hold any real power. If that happened, it would be a disaster for him.

Shocked, Lu Changyong walked out of the office and went straight to the interrogation room where Li Mu was held. There was only one thought in his mind, which was to let the young man experience the art of extorting a confession from an experienced criminal policeman. Even if he was beaten to death, he would not leave any detectable injury.

At this time, Song Liang and Chen Ze arrived.

At the entrance of the branch office, Song Liang first saw Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue. He stopped the car to comfort them and asked them to wait outside. Then, he and Chen Ze drove into the branch office.

When they entered the branch office building, they immediately told the police why they were there. Coincidentally, Song Zheng received a call from Lu Changyong. He wanted to go to the interrogation room where Li Mu was being held and teach him a lesson. The police officer said to him, "Captain Song, these two people want to see Li Mu."

Song Zheng asked him in surprise, "Which Li Mu?"

Li Mu had come to the branch office to accompany Su Yingxue to make a statement. He was not a witness, and the police had not asked for his personal information. Until Li Mu was arrested, Song Zheng had only followed his instructions to let him suffer a little. He did not have time to interrogate him, so he did not know his name.

The police officer said, "He's the one who attacked Mr. Huang."

When Song Zheng heard this, he raised his eyebrows and shouted, "Did you get kicked in the head by a donkey?

Why are you asking me about this?

In the next 48 hours, even if God comes, he can't see him! "

Chen Ze frowned and asked him, "Who said I can't see him?"

Song Zheng said impatiently, "I just finished!

Are your ears not working? "

Then, Song Zheng said to the police officer, "Hurry up and get them out of here. Inform the security guards at the door not to let them in again!"

Chen Ze was furious. He immediately took out his phone and wanted to make a call. However, the police officer pushed him and said, "This is not a place you can come and go as you please. Get out of here."

Chen Ze pushed him away and pointed at him. "If you touch me again, don't blame me for being rude!"

The police officer was about to get angry, but Chen Ze's call went through. He blurted out, "Uncle Gu, your men from the Western District Branch arrested Li Mu. I came all the way here, but they didn't even let me see him."

As soon as he said this, the police officers around him were shocked. The police officer who pushed him didn't dare to move. The leader of the municipal bureau was surnamed Gu. From what he said, it seemed like he was calling him. Although they didn't know whether it was true or not, Chen Ze's aura was indeed intimidating.

"Li Mu?" The middle-aged man on the phone asked in surprise, "Which Li Mu?"

Chen Ze said, "Which other Li Mu could it be? The one from the National People's Congress."

The middle-aged man exclaimed, "Why is it him again … What's the matter this time?"

The driver of the accident is Huang Jinxiao's son, Huang Shuolun. When Huang Shuolun was running away, he hit Li Mu's girlfriend. After that, the Huang family found a scapegoat to turn himself in to the Western District Branch. Li Mu accompanied his girlfriend here to identify Huang Shuolun. Huang Shuolun's father also came along. It seems like he has a good relationship with the Western District Branch. Throughout the whole process, your people accompanied them. They were very attentive when they came over to serve Li Mu tea and water. Li Mu's girlfriend found out that the driver of the accident was a scapegoat, so Li Mu impulsively hit Huang Jinxiao. "

When the police officer heard this, his heart immediately jumped. He asked, "Is that true?"

"Yes."

Chen Ze said, "Uncle Gu, Makino Technology is now on high alert. All of their products are ready to be launched at the same time. I can't help you for long. If you don't do something, Makino Technology will expose this matter. Don't blame me for not notifying you in advance."

The police officer suddenly became anxious. "Chen Ze, you have to help your Uncle Gu stop this matter. My Gu Chuyun still calls you brother. You have to stop Li Mu no matter what. I will inform them to let her go first. Tell him that I will go and meet him face to face. He can decide the location. Everything can be solved easily. Don't make a big deal out of it. I'm old, and my heart is not good."

Chen Ze deliberately raised the banner of Makino Technology to give the police officer a strong sense of crisis. Huang Shuolun killed a female university student with a car, and after escaping, he found someone to take the blame. There were even people in the public security system who cooperated with him. If this matter was spread out, the public security system would be the first to be scolded. What's more, Li Mu was also involved in this matter.

During this time, Makino Technology had made a lot of moves. Hundreds of celebrities supported it on Tieba and YY portal, which attracted the attention of the public as soon as it was launched. Today, the whole internet was still paying attention to the three celebrities who were visiting and being interviewed by Makino Technology. The social influence was in full swing. If such a big news were to suddenly be released by Makino Technology at this time, the pressure of public opinion would be unbearable for anyone in the municipal bureau.