Chapter 695

When Li Mu said this, he didn't think about himself. His ambition was countless times bigger than Papa Lee and Li Ma. Although Wanying Real Estate only had seven empty pieces of land now, in his plan, he had almost targeted the commercial centers of at least dozens of cities in the country in advance.

In fact, Li Mu was the kind of person who picked up a screw on the sidewalk and wanted to go home to save a spaceship. In contrast, Papa Lee and Li Ma's steps were very steady.

Seeing Li Mu's surprised look, Papa Lee said seriously, "I've discussed it with your mother. Our department store in Haizhou is getting worse and worse. I want to contract one floor of it and take all the brands in it. Then, we can attract other brands to come in and set up a relatively concentrated small mall of clothing brands. Unified publicity, unified activities, and even unified payment. In this way, it will be more convenient for us to manage our own stores."

Li Ma said, "Unified payment is very popular now. No matter which store you buy in the mall, you just need to go to the cashier and pay. In this way, when other brands come in, it will be easy for us to control them. We won't charge them admission fee or rent, but only a commission from their daily sales. However, there must be a minimum sales volume. If they can't reach the minimum sales volume, we will charge them according to the minimum sales volume."

Li Mu rubbed his temples and said, "Dad, Mom, this is a bit too much. Not to mention other things, you have only been working for a year. Do you have so much money to do this?"

"It would be easy if we didn't open so many stores, but after the stores are opened, we won't have enough money."

Li Ma said calmly, "But we can take a loan. In fact, it won't cost much. I asked your father about it. One floor of the department store is more than 3,000 square meters, and the annual rent is only more than one million yuan. We sign a ten-year agreement, spend three or four million yuan for decoration, and use another million yuan for publicity and promotion. Then, the business will start."

Li Mu looked at his mother and father in amazement. He thought to himself, "In my previous life, I didn't know that they had such business acumen. Did they suddenly open the door to doing business in this life?"

But thinking about it from another perspective, in his previous life, he had thought of hiring 3 to 5 technicians to start their own companies. But he hesitated many times and did not dare to do it. But in this life, he had created such a big internet industry. This made him feel that everyone has great potential. It's just that most people can't wait for the opportunity to unleash their potential. Many of the people squeezing into the public buses to work in Zhongguancun might be able to become the next founder of BTA, but they lacked the opportunity to unleash their potential.

Looking at himself, and then looking at his parents, Li Mu understood in his heart. In fact, after he was reborn, when his potential was stimulated, it also stimulated the potential of his parents. If he was allowed to do it, why couldn't they?

Therefore, Li Mu asked his parents with a serious face, "How much does the entire budget cost?"

Li Ma said, "About 10 million yuan. Although it's a little tight, it shouldn't be a big problem."

Li Mu asked again, "What is being sold on the second floor of the department store now?"

Papa Lee answered and said, "The second floor is now a toy department store, but it's not doing very well."

Li Mu said, "Then take down the first and second floors, and increase the budget for decoration and publicity. We have to make it look high-end and different. We have to let consumers naturally have an idea: This is the best shopping mall in Haizhou, the best place to buy clothes in Haizhou. The larger and more concentrated this kind of centralized shopping mall, the more attractive it will be to consumers."

Li Ma said with a smile, "It's easy for you to say. The rent on the second floor is a little cheaper. If we really want to decorate it, the cost will not be small. The whole thing will cost at least 15 or 16 million yuan!

If we do as you say and do it high-end, won't it cost 20 million yuan to stop it? "

Li Mu said half-truthfully, "Whether it's 15 or 16 million yuan or 20 million yuan, it's not a big deal.

I'll give you 20 million yuan. Just do it. "

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at Li Mu in surprise as if they were looking at a monster. Papa Lee asked him, "Boy, have you learned to print money?

That's 20 million yuan!

You can't even carry it with cash, but you just talk about it. "

Papa Lee and Li Ma knew that Li Mu had made some money by doing something in Yan Jing. For example, when he drove home last time, he drove a Buick GL8, but Li Mu had never said how much money he could make. Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't think about it at all, so they subconsciously thought that 20 million yuan must be an astronomical number for Li Mu.

Li Mu smiled and deliberately changed the topic. "By the way, Dad, Mom, I can't stay at home for long this time. I have to go back soon."

Li Ma hurriedly asked him, "What's wrong?

Why are you in such a hurry to go back?

There's still one and a half months left for the summer vacation. "

Li Mu said, "I have a lot of things to do. Like you, I'm busy all day long."

Li Ma said, "No matter how busy we are, we will take time to accompany you when you come back. Boy, tell me, how long are you going to stay at home this time?

You can't leave after 10 days or half a month! "

Li Mu scratched his head. "10 days or half a month?

I'll leave this Friday. "

"What?" Li Ma was furious. She pointed at Papa Lee and said, "Li Daoping, control your son. Is this right?

Go back on Friday?!

Does he still have parents and this family in his eyes? "

Papa Lee was also very dissatisfied. "What are you busy with?

You can't be so busy even if you're the president of the United States!

You're just going to stay at home for a few days during the summer vacation? "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Dad, Mom, I really have something to do. Why don't you come with me to Yan Jing on Friday for a few days?"

"Go to Yan Jing?"

Li Ma said, "We have this and that all day long. We don't have time to go to Yan Jing. Besides, your dad is talking with the people of CCB about the loan. We have to talk about a general plan in the next few days. How to get a loan, what to mortgage, how much to borrow, and so on."

Li Mu said, "You see, you two are so busy that you don't even care about me. You even think that I don't care about this family when I'm busy."

Li Ma said, "This is different. Your dad and I have been thinking about this for a long time. While there are no similar shopping malls in Haizhou, we want to build it as soon as possible. Isn't it for your sake?

We had planned to buy a house for you a long time ago, but then the money was used to open a shop, so we didn't have time. In the future, if you want to buy something in Beijing, your mom won't even blink. "

Li Mu asked his mother, "What if I want to buy a villa? Will you buy it for me?"

"Show off!" Li Ma rolled her eyes at Li Mu. "Why do you want to live in such a big house?

It can't be more than two or three hundred square meters, right? "

Li Mu smiled noncommittally and said, "Mom, you and dad put down your business first and go to Yan Jing with me for a few days. I will solve the money problem for you. In fact, your son has a lot of connections in Yan Jing."

Li Ma said, "I don't care. Your dad and I can go to Yan Jing, but you can't leave so early. How about this? You stay at home until the middle of next month, and your dad and I will go to Yan Jing with you until the end of the month."

Li Mu begged, "Mom, just do me a favor and go to Yan Jing with my dad this Friday."

"No way." Li Ma crossed her arms and looked angry.

Li Mu said seriously, "Mom, if you and dad agree, I will find a way to get you an interest-free loan of 50 million yuan. Don't you want to do business in the shopping mall? Just be more open and do a big one!"

Li Ma's face turned green. "Do you think I'm a three-year-old? Fifty million yuan and interest-free? Which fool would be willing to borrow it?"

Li Mu said very seriously, "Mom, have I ever lied to you?"

As soon as he said this, Li Ma's expression gradually became serious. Indeed, since Li Mu told her and her husband after the college entrance examination that she could get at least 120 points in English, Li Mu had never lied. When he sold his songs and brought home 80,000 yuan, she and her husband were shocked. When he quietly opened Metersbonwe, the two of them were also shocked and couldn't believe it. Later, when Li Mu was admitted to the National People's Congress and made a 3,321 in the National People's Congress, it was reported by CCTV several times, and now it had become the largest scholarship fund in the country. From the beginning to the end, her son had been creating miracles and had never lied to her.

Thinking of this, Li Ma looked at Li Mu in disbelief and asked him seriously, "Son, 50 million yuan is too much. 20 million yuan is enough for your dad and me to contract the first and second floors of the department store and operate it according to the model of Jinling shopping mall. If you really have a way to solve the problem of 20 million yuan, I will make the decision. Your dad and I will put aside the business in Haizhou and go to Yan Jing with you on Friday!"

Li Mu said with a wry smile, "Mom, you love money more than you love your son!"

Nanny Li said with a straight face, "Your father and I worked so hard to earn money for which ingrate?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, okay, it's all for me. Since you said so, I will book plane tickets for you two. You two go to Yan Jing with me on Friday. When you come back, I promise that at least 20 million yuan will be in your account!"

Li Ma was excited and immediately said, "Okay, it's a deal!"

Li Mu's parents had indeed opened the door to doing business. After they found a great sense of existence in doing business, they were already like him, treating business as an indispensable part of life. It didn't matter how much money they earned. Doing things that they were most satisfied with was their true pursuit. After understanding this, Li Mu was very supportive of his parents' bigger ideas.

Although Li Mu lacked money for many things at hand, whether it was YY Globalization, building his own logistics system, or building his own cinema chain, each of these things was a money-burning matter. However, for Li Mu, tens of millions was very easy. If Storm Entertainment took out a part of the income from operating "Miracle MU," it would be enough for his parents to turn the retail industry upside down in Haizhou.

Li Mu planned to wait until his parents were tricked into going to Yan Jing by him and knew exactly what he was doing now. Then, he would give them tens of millions and let them do what they wanted to do with peace of mind. Wouldn't that be a happy ending?

There was no need to talk to the bank for a loan of a few million or tens of millions.