Chapter 947

Li Mu didn't leave Taobao for the entire night.

Just like him, the others stayed up all night fighting. No one left.

Until eight o 'clock in the morning, the investigators still hadn't found the first scene of the kidnapping.

In one night, they basically checked all the streets within a five-kilometer radius with Wanying Real Estate as the center, but they didn't find any clues.

In this day and age, the number of surveillance devices in the entire city was pitiful. It wasn't like years later when Skynet was set up. More than 95% of the public areas in the city were under the surveillance of Skynet cameras.

The current situation was that the price of camera equipment and video storage equipment was ridiculously expensive. It was estimated that only 20% of the public areas in the city were covered by surveillance cameras. The investigators first started with the surveillance cameras at the basement exit of Wanying Real Estate's office building. Through the surveillance footage, they confirmed that Wei Lan drove away from the company yesterday at around 10: 10 pm.

However, after leaving the basement, there weren't any surveillance cameras installed on the roadside, so it was almost equivalent to Wei Lan's whereabouts being lost after she left the company.

The investigators searched through all the surveillance footage they could find. At first, they found nothing. Later, after expanding the scope of the investigation, they finally captured some valuable information from the surveillance footage of a bank.

Last night, at 22: 18 pm, Wei Lan drove past the main road in front of the bank. Behind her car, there was a Jinbei and a Jetta. The two cars were following very closely. At night, when there was less traffic, the two cars were particularly suspicious. However, because the surveillance footage was taken from the entrance of the bank, the distance was quite far, so they couldn't clearly see the license plate numbers.

After that, the investigators continued to search around the bank and found another surveillance camera at a nearby intersection. At 22: 21 pm, Wei Lan's car turned right at this intersection, and the Jinbei and Jetta followed closely behind.

This time, the surveillance camera at the intersection clearly captured the license plates of the two cars. This made the investigation team overjoyed.

Then, the investigators split into two groups. One group continued to follow the surveillance footage, trying to determine the first scene of the crime. The other group immediately started to investigate the license plate numbers of the two cars. After all, this was the most valuable clue they had found so far.

…

At ten in the morning, Lei Jianguo came in to deliver a message to Li Mu, who was deep in thought.

Taobao 929 had been online for ten hours, and the turnover had exceeded three billion yuan.

In just ten hours, the turnover had surpassed that of Brand Day. This figure was simply terrifying.

In ten hours, a total of 17 million orders were made. These 17 million orders came from 8.3 million users, and the average number of orders per person was just over two.

The overall trend of the data was that the number of orders per person was constantly increasing. This meant that the number of consumers covered by a single Taobao user was also increasing. Now, it was two orders per person. Who knows, by the end of the night, that number would double to more than four orders per person. At the same time, there would be more new users. So, on the whole, whether they were netizens or not, whether they were users of Taobao or not, they were all participating in this Taobao promotion.

Lei Jianguo felt that if this trend continued, it might really exceed eight billion within 24 hours.

This number was shocking, but Li Mu was not happy.

The criminal investigators at the frontline still did not provide any breakthrough progress. Time passed by, making people particularly anxious.

If Taobao's sales could exceed eight billion yuan today, according to the previous plan, Li Mu would celebrate with everyone in the highest standard of celebration. However, Wei Lan had an accident at this time, and he suddenly lost the mood to celebrate.

Wei Lan was Li Mu's partner. Like Song Liang, Chen Ze, Lin Ching-ah, Kong Lingyu, Lei Jianguo, and Liu Shixiong, they were the first echelon of close comrades. This was the first time that a close comrade's life was threatened. There was only one thought in Li Mu's mind: Save Wei Lan safely. If anything happened to her, he would never be able to forgive himself.

Song Zhilei was tricked so badly. In the end, it was his idea. He didn't want such a scumbag to follow him when he was running Juncheng Real Estate, so he forced Wei Lan to cooperate with him to trick Song Zhilei out of the car. Now that Song Zhilei came back to seek revenge on Wei Lan, he had an unshirkable responsibility. So, no matter what, nothing could happen to Wei Lan.

…

At 10: 30 in the morning, Dufy, who was the chief designer of Wanying Real Estate, also rushed over after hearing the news. After understanding the specific situation, she burst into tears. However, she knew that she couldn't help much, so she could only quietly sit in the corner of the conference room, anxiously waiting for the news.

…

At 11: 00 in the morning, Li Mu, who had drunk three cans of Red Bull, asked Gu Jianghe, "Is there any progress from the police at the frontline?"

Gu Jianghe looked awkward. "Li Mu, I've been here the whole time. If I received a clear message, you must have received it too."

After saying that, Gu Jianghe persuaded him, "Don't worry, our investigators have already obtained the license plates of the two cars. They are currently looking for clues."

"The other party is so cautious that they didn't even let you find the first scene. Do you think their license plates are real?"

"Even if there's a ninety percent chance that it's fake, we can't let go of this clue!"

Gu Jianghe also knew that there was an 80% chance that the other party was using a vehicle with a fake license plate. However, this was how police investigations worked. Even though they knew that this road was most likely a dead end, they still had to walk forward until they reached the corner of the dead end. After all, apart from these two license plate numbers, there were no other valuable clues.

"If you can't find the first scene, can you find Wei Lan's car first?" At this time, Li Mu's expression was obviously a little impatient.

It had been a night. Even if they couldn't find the people or the kidnappers, they could at least find the crime scene, right?

And they still couldn't find it?

The truth was that the investigators really couldn't find the first scene of the crime, let alone Wei Lan's BMW …

There were no surveillance cameras at the first scene of the crime, and the debris left at the scene of the accident last night had almost all been cleaned up. The remaining small details had basically disappeared with the continuous rolling of the car. It was impossible to tell that an accident had happened here.

The surveillance clues had been cut off at the previous intersection. The investigators investigated all the way to the neighborhood where Wei Lan lived, but they didn't find anything valuable, which made the entire investigation team especially depressed.

…

At 11: 55 in the morning, after the agreed call time with the kidnappers, the team members in charge of tracking the license plates of the Jinbei and Jetta finally had feedback. The owners of the two cars had been found, and it was basically confirmed that the two people and their cars were not suspected of committing a crime. Therefore, they could be sure that the two cars were fake cars, and the license plates were the same model as the kidnappers, and the degree of age was almost the same. They were very experienced.

The clues of the license plate numbers were completely cut off at this point.

When Gu Jianghe reported this news to everyone, everyone was extremely depressed, and Li Mu's face was livid.

Chen Ze was already a little impatient. He slammed the table and stood up, asking, "What the hell are you doing?

It's been almost twelve hours, and you're just being played around by these kidnappers? "

Gu Jianghe was very embarrassed. At this time, the criminal investigation expert of the municipal bureau said, "We still have one way to go, and that is to trace the source of the fake license plates. Investigate all the people in the city who made the fake license plates, and track down the person who made these two sets of license plates."

Li Mu couldn't help but say, "Officer, please!

The suspect is already very clear, and it's Song Zhilei. What's the point of tracking down who made the license plates?

Let's not talk about whether the license plates were made by someone in Yanjing or not. Even if you find out that Song Zhilei personally asked someone to make it, what can you do?

Can you find Song Zhilei's location through these two sets of license plates?

I need to confirm the location of the person!

That's the most important thing! "

The criminal investigation expert was also a little embarrassed. He could only explain, "Maybe we can use this clue to lock onto other suspects. After all, this case can't be done by Song Zhilei alone. He must have other accomplices. If we can't find Song Zhilei, it'll be useful to find other suspects."

Li Mu's face was full of sorrow. He let out a long sigh and didn't say anything else.

At this time, a technician sent by the mobile operator said, "Miss Wei's phone is turned on!"

Several people, including Li Mu, blurted out, "Hurry up and locate her!"

As soon as they finished speaking, Li Mu's phone rang.

As expected, it was Wei Lan's phone. Li Mu purposely didn't rush to answer it to buy more time for the location.

The phone rang a few times, but Li Mu still didn't answer. He wanted to wait for the other party to call again.

At this time, the technician said to Li Mu with a face full of disappointment, "The first base station is located in Yun County, but the distance is constantly changing. The other party is definitely in the process of moving quickly. It's very likely that he's in a car …"

This sentence completely dashed the hopes in Li Mu's heart.

If the other party was in a car and was constantly moving, then it proved that the other party was aware of this.

In this case, locating the location was meaningless. Even if it was a location, it wouldn't be meaningful because the place where the other party was hiding Wei Lan was probably still far away. It might even be across the entire Yanjing City.

At this time, the phone rang again.

This time, Li Mu didn't dare to delay and immediately answered the phone.

"Hello!"

"Why didn't you answer the phone just now?"

Xie Chenglong's tone wasn't good. Li Mu could hear the noise in the background. It was very much like he was in a moving car.

Li Mu said, "I'm helping you raise money!

Do you know how troublesome it is to make an appointment from one bank to another? "

Xie Chenglong asked, "How much do you have?"

Li Mu said a bit annoyed, "I've already made an appointment for 30 million RMB. I can get it tomorrow morning, but USD is still not enough. Each person can only exchange a limited amount. Ten million is impossible. But don't worry, I'm looking for people in the black market to think of a way."

As he said this, Li Mu said again, "Do you know how bad the black market's exchange rate is?

Damn, it's one to nine yuan!

Every USD you exchange will cost you an extra RMB. Tell Wei Lan that this extra difference is also her responsibility! "

Xie Chenglong said, "Don't worry, Wei Lan will bear the cost. You don't need to pay a single cent. You just need to gather the money within 48 hours."

Li Mu said, "Okay, tell Wei Lan to talk to me. I have to make sure she's still alive."

On the other end of the phone, Xie Chenglong in Jin Bei's car grunted and then said to Wei Lan who was wearing a blindfold, "You say what I say. Don't talk nonsense, understand?"

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "Understood."

"Okay."

Xie Chenglong nodded and said, "Tell him right now that you're still alive, and living very well."

Wei Lan could only say to the phone, "Li Zong, I'm still alive and well."

Before Li Mu had time to speak, Xie Chenglong said, "You heard it. She's still alive. Hurry up and raise the money!"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Call me again at midnight. I want to confirm it again!"

Xie Chenglong said, "Okay, midnight!"

With that, Xie Chenglong didn't wait for Li Mu to speak and hung up the phone. At the same time, he removed the phone's battery and said to the driver, "Let's go back."

At this moment, in the large conference room of Taobao, the mobile operator's technical staff said, "At present, we can only locate the other party in the northeast of Yun County. Because that place is too remote, it's basically possible to be within a two-kilometer radius …"

Everyone fell silent. With such a large range, even if the Yun County's police force was mobilized to block and investigate, it would be impossible. By the time the police force was mobilized and rushed over, the car would have already driven out of the two-kilometer radius.

No one, including Li Mu, expected the other party to be so cautious. They even had to drive out to make a phone call. Under such circumstances, relying on the phone base station to locate the other party was basically a pipe dream.

The investigation seemed to have run into trouble again. At least, using the phone to locate the other party was impossible.

And the criminal investigators outside still couldn't find any valuable clues. They couldn't find Song Zhilei, the first scene of Wei Lan's kidnapping, or her car …

… …