Chapter 939

Wei Lan didn't realize that as soon as she came out of the company and drove on the main road, two cars quietly followed her.

Song Zhilei was very well prepared. These days, he had been thinking about the whole process of kidnapping Wei Lan. In his opinion, his plan was already foolproof.

First of all, the two cars didn't look abnormal, and the license plates were very clear. Although the two cars were fake, Song Zhilei did search for the whole day in Tong County, the most remote place in Yan Jing. He found two cars with the same model, color, and even the same degree of age as the two cars he used to commit the crime. Then he found someone to get their license plate numbers.

In order to prevent the police from chasing the fake license plate according to the license plate numbers, he specially found a workshop in Shanghai that made fake license plates to make these two sets of license plates. Once the matter was exposed and the Yan Jing police began to investigate, it would be impossible for them to find him through the clues of the fake license plates in a short time.

At this time, Song Zhilei looked at the taillights of Wei Lan's car coldly and sneered. He thought in his heart, "Wei Lan, Wei Lan, I have been with your father for so many years. Don't you know me at all?

Am I, Song Zhilei, the kind of person who will suffer in silence?

You and Li Mu teamed up to cheat me of half of my life's hard work. I will make you pay with your life!

Thinking of this, Song Zhilei's expression flashed a trace of ferocity. He looked at the traffic flow on the street and sighed in his heart, "Even God has created convenient conditions for me. I have quietly explored this road for a few days. Usually, there is not much traffic after 10 o 'clock, but it is definitely not as little as today. The fewer the cars, the greater the chance of success.

The two cars followed Wei Lan to a few intersections. After turning right at an intersection, Song Zhilei said through the walkie-talkie, "Liu Zi, let's do it at the next intersection!"

"OK!" An extremely calm voice came from the walkie-talkie. This person's nickname was Liu Zi, and his real name was Xie Chenglong.

Xie Chenglong was a famous outlaw in Shanghai a few years ago. In the beginning, he also worked with Song Zhilei on various construction sites for a few years. Later, Song Zhilei got close to Wei Jun, so he gradually reduced his cooperation with Xie Chenglong. However, the two had always been in contact.

Although Song Zhilei's character was terrible, and he couldn't beat Li Mu's scheming in the big picture, he was very experienced in Jianghu. He had always regarded Xie Chenglong as one of his men of sacrifice, so he took a few hundred thousand every year to support him. Although Xie Chenglong didn't care about his life, his ability to make money was much worse. With Song Zhilei, he could live more complacently in the past few years. However, he was also very clear that he had taken Song Zhilei's money, so he had to fight for Song Zhilei at the critical moment.

In this plan to kidnap Wei Lan, Xie Chenglong was Song Zhilei's greatest reliance. The other lackeys were all recruited by Xie Chenglong. Their abilities were limited, and they were bold but not astute. The only ones who could truly see through and study this matter were the two of them.

Hearing Xie Chenglong's extremely calm voice, Song Zhilei felt even more relieved. He said to the driver beside him, "Little Meng, overtake them!"

"Okay!"

The driver, who was a little rash, directly lowered the gear from the fourth gear to the second. He stepped on the accelerator all the way, and the speed instantly reached 5000. At such a high speed, the worn-out Jinbei also burst out a strong torque in an instant. It directly overtook Wei Lan on the left side, and then it changed lanes to the right, just in front of Wei Lan.

It was common to encounter overtaking in the city, so Wei Lan didn't take it to heart. She just subconsciously stepped on the accelerator, keeping a safe distance from the car in front of her.

Seeing that they were about to reach the intersection, Wei Lan wanted to go straight at this intersection. Song Zhilei, who had already figured out Wei Lan's route home, also asked the driver to drive into the only straight lane.

"Slow down, slow down!

Hold down the lights and stop! "

As soon as they entered the solid line area, Song Zhilei asked the driver to slow down. The driver stepped on the brakes, and the car slowed down a lot.

Wei Lan saw the brake lights of the Jinbei in front of her turn on, and she hurriedly and subconsciously stepped on the brakes. At this time, the red light just happened to be on, so Wei Lan prepared to gradually slow down and stop behind the Jinbei.

According to habit, Wei Lan stopped about half a meter away from the Jinbei. At this time, Wei Lan suddenly felt the back of the car suddenly hit. With a bang, her whole car shot forward a lot, and with a bang, the front of the car hit the Jinbei in front of her. However, the force of the collision was much smaller than when the car behind hit her.

Song Zhilei was waiting for the moment when the Jinbei was hit by Wei Lan. He immediately said to the driver, "Little Meng, get out of the car. Follow what I taught you."

After that, Song Zhilei turned around and said to the two people squatting on the left and right side of the car, "You guys get ready. When the time is right, open the door and get that woman into the car!"

The entire back of the Jinbei car had been completely dismantled. The rope used to tie people up, the opaque hood, and the towel used to stuff mouths had already been prepared. They were just waiting to get Wei Lan into the car.

Wei Lan, who was suddenly hit by the car behind and had no choice but to chase after the car in front, was in a very bad mood at the moment. She was already very tired after a day of work. She was about to go home and rest when she suddenly encountered an accident. She was shocked, and she was still in a state of shock.

The accident itself was not a big deal, but it was too troublesome to deal with it. She had to get out of the car to reason with the driver behind and explain to the driver in front. She also had to wait for the traffic police to arrive at the scene to determine the responsibility. If the responsibility was determined, it would be fine if the car behind had insurance. She could take the responsibility letter and leave first, and then go to the damage assessment and repair another day. However, if the car behind had no insurance, things would be troublesome …

In short, once there was a traffic accident, even if no one was injured, it would take at least one or two hours to deal with the scene …

Just when Wei Lan was still sitting in the car feeling depressed, the driver of the Jinbei car had already gotten out of the car with a confused look. He ran to the front of his car and looked at it. He said through the window, "Beauty, do you know how to drive?

I was about to go back to the company to hand over my shift, and you bumped into me. Do you know how much work you're going to delay? "

Wei Lan was a native of Shanghai. She could hear the Shanghai accent in the driver's Mandarin. She didn't think much about it. She pulled the handbrake and got out of the car. She said to the driver, "Don't be so angry. I also heard it clearly. The car behind hit your car after being hit by the car behind. It's the full responsibility of the car behind."

At this time, the driver's door of the Jetta behind opened, and a middle-aged man in his thirties got out of the car. This person was Xie Chenglong.

Xie Chenglong came in front of Wei Lan. Before Wei Lan could speak, he scolded her fiercely, "Do you f * cking know how to drive?

You suddenly hit the brake at the intersection. Do you want to die? "

Wei Lan was stunned by the man's words. The man scolded her in the Shanghai dialect, which made Wei Lan a little surprised. She could tell that the driver of the Jinbei car was from Shanghai, and now she could tell that Xie Chenglong was also from Shanghai. How could she have an accident with two people from Shanghai on the road to Yan Jing?

However, Wei Lan didn't have time to think about it because the man's words were too harsh. She retorted angrily, "Please be reasonable. The car in front slowed down, and I also slowed down. It's normal driving, okay?

And I didn't hit the brake at all. You were distracted, weren't you? "

"I'm f * cking distracted!"

Xie Chenglong scolded with a fierce face, "I know you must be out to sell your car. I won't delay your work. Give me 500 yuan to settle it privately. I'll repair the car myself!"

Wei Lan had never met such an unreasonable and uneducated person. It was fine that he rear-ended her, but when he got out of the car, he scolded her and pushed the responsibility to her. What was the reason?

Moreover, he said that she was out to sell her car and asked her to give him money. This kind of scoundrel was simply too annoying.

The angry Wei Lan immediately took out her phone and said subconsciously, "Please pay attention to your manners. Also, I don't want to talk to you anymore. I'll call the police now and let the police decide who is responsible!"

Just as she finished speaking, Wei Lan inadvertently noticed that the driver of the Jetta looked back, then immediately turned his head and winked at the direction behind her.

That's right, it was a wink!

However, there was clearly only one person behind her, and it was the driver of the Jinbei car. Why did the driver of the Jetta give him a wink?

Did they know each other?

How could they know each other …

The abnormal situation made Wei Lan instantly alert!

However, Wei Lan's alertness was useless now. The driver of the Jinbei car received the signal from the driver of the Jetta and suddenly grabbed Wei Lan's right hand that was holding the phone from behind. Then, he snatched the phone from her hand!

At this time, the driver of the Jetta suddenly stepped forward and grabbed Wei Lan's other hand. In an instant, Wei Lan was completely restrained!

The sudden turn of events frightened Wei Lan. Just as she was about to scream, the two men suddenly picked her up and quickly walked to the side of the Jinbei carriage. Wei Lan turned pale with fright and blurted out for help. But just as she shouted once, the door of the Jinbei carriage suddenly opened. Four hands reached out from the dark carriage and grabbed Wei Lan. The two people behind her pushed Wei Lan hard and pushed her into the carriage.

At this time, the driver of the Jinbei car had already gotten into the driver's seat. Once he got in the car, he immediately drove away. The driver of the Jetta, Xie Chenglong, directly got into Wei Lan's BMW. He started the engine and drove the BMW back at the intersection without hesitation.

At this time, three people got out of the Jetta. After stuffing some of the debris on the ground into the trunk, one of them got into the driver's seat and calmly drove away from the scene. The route they took was the same as the direction that the Jinbei car left.

In a short period of time, the scene of the three-car collision was as if nothing had happened. Although there were a few cars passing by during the whole process, Xie Chenglong's timing was very good. In the few seconds when he gave the driver of the Jinbei car a wink and the two of them carried Wei Lan into the car, not a single car appeared around them.

At this moment, Wei Lan, who was pushed into the Jinbei car, couldn't see anything clearly. Her mouth was stuffed with a towel, and her head was covered with a thick, opaque cloth bag. She couldn't even see a trace of light.

The two men in the car were very strong. Even though she kept struggling, they easily tied her hands and feet with ropes. They made her lie on her side on the ground of the car, unable to move.