Chapter 1041

Silicon Valley, Sequoia.

In the conference room dedicated to the executives, everyone had a bitter look on their faces.

Rchanks, who had just met Li Mu a few days ago, was among them. Although he already had a bitter look on his face, he had the best expression among the eight people present.

The other seven people, including C, were all members of the board of directors. They were considered the highest level of the entire Sequoia.

A few days ago, when rchanks returned from meeting Li Mu, C snorted in this very conference room and said, "Li Mu wants to get a valuation of 17 billion US dollars in Silicon Valley. It's simply a pipe dream. It's absolutely impossible for any venture capitalist to give him this FFR!"

When rchanks asked C what his plans were, C said confidently, "Plans?

I have no plans for the 17 billion US dollars of Makino Technology!

In fact, I think we don't have to do anything. We just need to wait patiently. After Li Mu runs into a wall everywhere, he will definitely tuck his tail between his legs and beg us! "

At that time, all the board members expressed their agreement. They felt that Sequoia had invested in so many companies, and with so many big companies, Makino Technology was really not in the first tier. Since Li Mu was so arrogant, of course, Sequoia would not buy it.

However, everything had changed so quickly.

At this moment, C stood in the conference room and said with a red face, "We have to renegotiate with Makino Technology as soon as possible!

This time, we must be 100% sincere! "

After saying that, C looked at rchanks and said seriously, "rc, bring 17 billion US dollars of FFR to see Li Mu tomorrow. As long as he agrees, 1.7 billion US dollars will immediately be transferred to Makino Technology's account. If Li Mu personally wants to cash out, we agree to let him cash out at most!"

It sounded like a very good FFR, but rchanks knew very well that this was only true before today. Although he did not understand Li Mu's analogy about stone gambling that day, now that he combined it with Li Mu's big move, he immediately understood.

In fact, what Li Mu wanted to express that day was, to put it bluntly, "You, Sequoia, are indeed an expert, but you can't see the intrinsic value of my jade. Since you don't agree with my value, then I'll open a window to let you see it more clearly. But after I open this window and show such a perfect quality, the price will naturally rise.

Therefore, rchanks stood up and said seriously to C and the other board members, "I don't think Li Mu will accept 17 billion US dollars of FFR. According to the current trend of this competition, Li Mu's psychological price will definitely increase significantly."

C said, "Don't confuse logic. This competition is organized by Paradise Town, and Paradise Town belongs to Muye Games in terms of capital. It has nothing to do with Makino Technology. Even if Makino Technology can enjoy some dividends, the dividends won't be too high. We previously recognized Makino Technology's valuation of 16.5 billion US dollars. Now we're adding the dividends from Muye Games, and we recognize its valuation of 17 billion US dollars. We're already very generous by increasing the valuation by 500 million US dollars!"

C really felt that increasing the valuation of Makino Technology by 500 million US dollars was already very high. If Sequoia agreed on a 5% share, they would have to pay an additional 50 million US dollars. Fifty million US dollars was definitely a huge sum of money.

But Rchanks knew in his heart that with Li Mu's pride and confidence, even if someone pointed a gun at his head and forced him to agree to a valuation of 17 billion US dollars, he would definitely reply with a resolute "F * ck!"

Therefore, rchanks said, "Let me tell you a story that Li Mu told me the other day. It's a bit long, and I can't remember it completely, but I remember the general idea."

Everyone looked at him. rchanks sorted out his words and tried his best to repeat the story of Li Mu's stone gambling.

When he finished, the room fell silent for a while.

In that case, this competition in Paradise Town was actually a skylight that Li Mu had opened for the buyers. Once this skylight was opened, the price would soar.

Seeing that everyone was silent, rchanks said, "Frankly speaking, I think with Li Mu's personality, if we take the initiative to approach him again, the price must be within his expectations. Otherwise, he will still refuse us without hesitation."

C pursed his lips for a long time, his heart beating like a drum. C was just a manager, and the other six board members in the conference room were the real bosses.

The problem now was that he had just taken office and had not made any great contributions during his tenure. This time, the deal that could have been completed for 17 billion US dollars might be raised to 17.5 billion US dollars or even higher because of his mistake in judgment. This was undoubtedly a reflection of his incompetence.

Therefore, C said, "We can set a new price for Makino Technology, but when we talk, let's still use 17 billion US dollars to negotiate. I think that Sequoia's strength in capital operation and capital relations is what Li Mu urgently needs. People like him should have a strong sense of the overall situation. With reason, we should be able to reach a cooperation."

Speaking up to this point, C added, "If it doesn't work out, we will take the initiative to raise the price and strive to get it within the base price."

Rchanks sighed in his heart. This year's C was really not good. At this time, they still wanted to gamble on luck. Wasn't this a fool's dream?

However, rchanks still asked, "Then how much should we set the base price this time?"

Almost subconsciously, C said, "18, oh no, 17.5 billion US dollars!"

He did not dare to increase the price too much, because there was a reference standard of 17 billion US dollars. The more he added on this basis, the more it proved that his ability was insufficient and his judgment was wrong.

This time, it was not only rchanks who lamented in his heart. Even the expressions of the others were a little strange. The older board members looked at him with obvious disappointment and dissatisfaction in their eyes.

C himself also realized that his previous price seemed to be too small, so he hesitated for a moment and said, "Let's let the evaluation team come in and do a quick evaluation."

Although C's personal reasons for finding a way out of this embarrassing situation for himself, the extremely professional evaluation team of Sequoia was not affected.

In the conference room, they immediately made a quick evaluation based on the social influence that the "Paradise Town Cup – National Campus Belle List" might bring this time, as well as the performance improvement brought by Makino Games and Makino Technology. The results of the evaluation left everyone speechless.

The chief director in charge of the financing evaluation solemnly announced the results to everyone. "We believe that, on the premise of fully considering the influence brought by this competition, the conservative valuation of Makino Technology will exceed 19 billion US dollars, and the probability of the valuation exceeding 20 billion US dollars is very high."

C was the first to go crazy. He blurted out, "Why is it so high?"

The evaluation director was particularly responsible. "We have to fully consider the product model of Makino Technology. Its core product is. From the perspective of capital, it has no actual capital relationship with Paradise Town, but from the perspective of technology and operation, they have always been two deeply tied products. The most important thing is that the user data of the two products are common. The users of Paradise Town have begun to explode, and will inevitably continue to grow in the future. All the users of Paradise Town are potential users. We can even achieve one-click registration for Paradise Town through the data sharing in the background, and completely transplant all their connections in Paradise Town."

"Based on the current leading degree of product functions, our evaluation team can basically reach a consensus: at present, the majority of MSN and CQ users in the United States have not changed to Paradise Town because of only two reasons. First, they don't know this software; second, they know it but continue to use other products because it is more troublesome to migrate their connections. However, once these users start to enter Paradise Town and happily migrate and accumulate online connections during the game, the probability of these users abandoning the original product and choosing Paradise Town will greatly increase. We can even responsibly say that the users of Paradise Town, in the future, have a high probability of becoming users."

Speaking of this, the evaluation director saw that everyone was extremely surprised, and said very seriously, "The predecessor of Paradise Town once helped to defeat Hua Xia's instant messaging software with a market share of more than 10%, and the speed of the victory was overnight. Therefore, the more popular Paradise Town is, the broader its prospects. With the influence of the Paradise Town Cup – Top List of American Campus Belles, it is only a matter of time before it fully blooms in the United States. Therefore, the valuation of 19 billion US dollars is not high, and can even be said to be very conservative."

"Everyone knows how high the proportion of payment is among the elite group in the United States. If it can also have a good proportion of payment in other user groups in the United States, then the revenue will definitely be greatly increased. At that time, the revenue, traffic, prospects, influence, and many other benefits will be exerted at the same time. Even a valuation of 20 billion US dollars may not be able to stop it. If I were to evaluate it completely objectively, I think as long as Li Mu plays this game to the extreme, the valuation of Makino Technology will at least exceed 22 billion US dollars …"

Hearing this, everyone in the room could not help but feel dizzy. They had done many big deals in the past, but this was the first time they had seen a big deal that rose in price so quickly. Those with weak hearts could not take it …

Previously, they thought that Li Mu had drilled a water well, but now they knew that he had drilled an oil well …

The most important thing was that before the well produced oil, they had the opportunity to participate in it, but as soon as they hesitated, the well began to spew oil out, and it was the kind of oil that gushed out crazily. For everyone in the conference room, this made them feel like they were in deep sh * t.

C's heart thudded. He felt as if his heart had shattered like glass, shattering into pieces.

Just like him, the young, shy, and smiley man from Harvard, Mark Zuckerberg, was also heartbroken …

… Dividing line …

PS: I know I still owe a chapter the day before yesterday. Let's see if I can make it up tomorrow.