Chapter 1188

Meyer's apology was reported back by a reporter from YY English Network. Following that, YY immediately made a global push to all users to spread the exciting news.

"Warner Bros. announces that The Last Samurai will be permanently suspended. Justice has finally defeated evil. This is a victory that belongs to the people of the world!"

In this era, no media could compare to YY in terms of speed and efficiency.

CNN could not, BBC could not, and CCTV could not.

Only the Internet existed regardless of national boundaries, and the only super product on the Internet that could cover the entire world was YY.

As soon as the news was released, it immediately set off a celebration among netizens around the world. As the title of YY News said, this was a victory that belonged to the people of the world.

Even Li Mu did not expect things to develop to such an unbelievable situation. Hundreds of millions of people stood in their own designated camp, working together to attack the same enemy.

Moreover, the results of this battle were simply too bountiful.

Not only was The Last Samurai completely ruined, but it also firmly tied the samurai spirit to Japan's World War II crimes, making the samurai spirit as notorious as Nazism all over the world.

This was a war of ideology. Once the demonic face of the samurai spirit left a mark in the hearts of the people of the world, then no one would dare to reverse its verdict in the future!

Li Mu became the biggest beneficiary of this incident. The Last Samurai would never have a chance to be released again. Not only did it clear an enemy for Flying Tigers, but more importantly, through the righteous action of Hua Xia netizens, Hua Xia netizens were praised all over the world. The reputation of "Justice" spread far and wide, gaining a lot of goodwill from all over the world.

This was also a good foundation for Flying Tigers. The world lacked understanding of Hua Xia, especially the people of Hua Xia. This was a very good opportunity. When the world understood the people of Hua Xia and had a good impression of Hua Xia, they would be interested in movies related to Hua Xia.

Moreover, this time, the interaction between American netizens and Hua Xia netizens was the most important. It could be said that the victory this time was the victory of the justice alliance between the American netizens and Hua Xia netizens. In the future, Flying Tigers would present a story based on real history, and the story of the Americans and Hua Xia people fighting side by side. With this incident as a foreshadowing, the box office of Flying Tigers in North America would also be guaranteed in the future.

In Li Mu's mind, the most important thing was that he had dealt a heavy blow to the promotion and development of Japanese culture on a global scale. At least from now on, Japanese Bushido could no longer be exported to any country as a positive ideology. And Japan's trick of trying to export Japanese culture and values through movies and TV entertainment would be much more difficult in the future. Because of this case, if Japan tried to do the same thing in the future, a large number of netizens would jump out and tear their disguise, even without Li Mu's doing.

For Li Mu, the significance of that was too great.

…

At this moment, Hirata Jiro, who had been paying attention to the press conference, finally breathed a sigh of relief!

Great!

After all, Meyer still had some scruples, so he did not expose himself.

He had hidden his existence in front of the public, hiding the real source of the birth of this movie, which also made him feel relieved.

What Hirata Jiro was most afraid of now was that his identity would be exposed. If that happened, he would not only become the object of the world's disdain, but also the sinner of all of Japan.

Although he had good intentions to promote Japanese culture and the spirit of samurai, his actions had almost brought a devastating blow to the spirit of samurai. It was very likely that in the future, the spirit of samurai would only become the ideology that Japanese people believed in, or even the ideology that Japanese people believed in, but did not dare to speak out. He had tossed the quintessence of Japan into such a shameful state. Not only would he be a sinner, but he would also be a sinner for all eternity.

Fortunately, Meyer had some self-awareness and knew how to protect his own information.

However, although Meyer wanted to protect Hirata Jiro, he could not change the fact that Hirata Jiro hated him to the bone.

Hirata Jiro breathed a sigh of relief, and immediately ordered his assistant viciously, "Go and get ready. I don't want Meyer to live in this world for too long!"

His words were full of murderous intent!

The assistant immediately nodded, and with a sharp look in his eyes, he asked, "Do you want him to disappear quietly?"

"No!"

Hirata Jiro snorted coldly and said with resentment, "Since he did not reveal my identity, he has lost all his protective talismans. Find someone to kill him in public. The bigger the impact, the better, and then leave a clear clue!

Let him be assassinated in front of the world like John Lennon! "

The assistant, who was far less scheming than Hirata Jiro, asked in confusion, "Make such a big noise?

What clue should we leave? "

Hirata Jiro gritted his teeth and said, "Let the world think that Meyer was killed by the angry people of Hua Xia because he made this movie!"

The national spirit of Japan had been disgraced all over the world, while the people of Hua Xia had gained a good reputation from this incident, which made Hirata Jiro extremely dissatisfied. He wanted to kill two birds with one stone with Meyer. On the one hand, he could kill Meyer to relieve the hatred in his heart, and on the other hand, he could let the world see the crazy assassination of the people of Hua Xia.

Hirata Jiro's move could be said to be extremely insidious!

…

At this time, Warner's press conference had come to an end.

Meyer was completely relieved, because he could see from the expressions of the media reporters that their emotions had eased. It seemed that his sincere apology and way of making amends could be recognized and accepted by the people.

Then, the press conference entered the question and answer session.

A media reporter asked Meyer, "Mr. Meyer, I'm a reporter from CNN. I have a question that I'm very curious about. Is the actual investor of this movie Warner itself, or someone else?"

Meyer's nerves jumped and he said, "The actual investors of this movie are several film and television companies, among which Warner holds the majority of the shares. Since you have asked this question, I would like to apologize to the people of the world again. It was our negligence that led us to embark on such a wrong project. I'm very sorry!"

The reporter from CNN asked, "Mr. Meyer, I heard that this movie does not seem to be invested by Warner. It is said that this movie is actually funded by a large financial group. Is this true?"

Meyer hurriedly waved his hand and said, "This should be groundless nonsense. When this movie was launched, we had already signed an agreement with several companies, which included the investment shares of each company. If you don't believe me, I can show you the agreement later."

The reporter gave up. He nodded and said, "Thank you for your answer, Mr. Meyer."

Meyer knew that although he had broken up with Hirata Jiro, it did not mean that he dared to sell Hirata Jiro. Therefore, he could only rely on Warner as the promoter of this movie. Otherwise, if he revealed Hirata Jiro, he was afraid that it would bring great trouble to Hirata Jiro and the entire Sumitomo. At that time, he would become enemies with Hirata Jiro and Sumitomo. In any case, he was no match for this giant beast, so he had to hide the truth.

Then, another media reporter asked, "Hello, Mr. Meyer. I would like to ask, as the director of the movie, why did Mr. Edward not come to the press conference?

And the first actor, Mr. Tom Cruise. "

Meyer smiled slightly and said, "To be honest, for us, it is very painful to terminate a project that has invested tens of millions of dollars. But since it was our mistake, we naturally have to bear the consequences. Therefore, we decided to take all the responsibility. We will not let our decision to stop shooting affect Edward and Tom's interests. As I said before, although the movie has been completely stopped, we will still pay their salaries. We don't want them to be affected in any way."

Meyer's statement was very dignified. In his statement, Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick were not responsible, and the responsibility was all on him. Therefore, there was no need to ask them to come to this kind of press conference. Moreover, he would be responsible for the two of them and pay them the money that should be paid.

Basically, the reporters present accepted Meyer's statement, but Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick, who were outside the door, were about to go crazy.

It was obvious that Meyer wanted to step on them to get out of trouble, and now he made such a statement. It was simply shameless. He said that the two of them were not responsible, so could they really rest assured?

Of course not!

The internet had long condemned the two of them, because the two of them had expressed their yearning for Japanese culture and their admiration for the samurai spirit in front of the media more than once. This was the real "evidence" of their crimes!

How could the public forget?!

The most embarrassing thing was that when this movie was first set up, in order to increase the exposure of the movie, the two of them frequently accepted interviews. In the interviews, whenever someone asked about their views on the movie, the two of them did not hide their admiration for Japanese culture and the spirit of Samurai. Now that the ambition of this movie had been known to the whole world, how could they get away with it?

In their opinion, Meyer's shameless words perfectly explained why he held a press conference without the two of them, and also conveniently threw them into the abyss.

Just think about it. These two people had publicly praised Japanese culture and the spirit of Samurai countless times. Now that such a big problem had occurred in the movie, the two of them had not publicly apologized or even made a public statement. Even if they could not continue to shoot the movie, they would still be able to get the remuneration they deserved. If such a thing were to spread, it would be beyond redemption!

Edward Zwick wanted to find a gun and kill Meyer, so he was about to lose his mind. He had been thinking over and over again about how he should salvage the situation.

Mayer was too scary. He avoided all the questions seamlessly. Although he knew that this grandson of his was full of lies, he could hardly find any flaws to refute him.

After thinking about it, Edward Zwick's hateful brain suddenly had a crazy idea!