Chapter 451

After leaving Makino Technology, Li Mu was a little fascinated.

Li Mu saw himself in Chen Hui. In the elevator, many fragments of his previous life involuntarily appeared in his mind.

Li Mu even had an illusion that when he came out of the office building, he had already returned to the bitter coder Li Mu of the past. After all, he had worked in Zhongguancun for many years in his previous life. Everything here was all too familiar to Li Mu. He felt as if there was suddenly an overlap between space and time. If he accidentally stepped on it, his fate would be directly switched back.

Li Mu, who was in a trance, even forgot that he should go directly to the underground garage. He walked out of the office building with the crowd and walked to the streets of Zhongguancun. Line 10 had not been opened yet. He followed the crowd across the wide overpass and involuntarily stood beside the overpass. He suddenly realized that this overpass was very familiar to him. Time seemed to have returned to 2006. During that one or two years, he seemed to have crossed this overpass every day after work to take a bus across the overpass to return to his rented apartment. It was in a village called Tangjialing outside the North Fifth Ring Road. It was famous because there were too many migrant workers living there. The people who lived there were called the Ant Tribe by the media. In the Internet circle of Yan Jing, it was once known as the cradle of Zhongguancun's IT talents.

Life at that time was so difficult on the material and spiritual level that Li Mu did not dare to think about it in detail. Uprooting oneself, having no fixed residence, being useless, no other similar words were enough to describe it.

Now, that strange mentality pushed Li Mu to this overpass again. Looking at the bus stop not far below, Li Mu seemed to see himself standing in the dense crowd at the bus stop, carrying a heavy computer bag and trying his best to squeeze into the crowd to get on the bus back to Tangjialing. At this moment, Li Mu felt as if he was standing in the perspective of God, looking at himself in his previous life. He felt terrible in his heart.

At this time, behind Li Mu, on the other side of the overpass, a long-haired young man sat on the ground, leaning against the railing of the overpass and singing with his guitar. His voice was very hoarse and magnetic. The song he sang was very familiar to Li Mu. It was the song "Nine Angular Memories" by the band Overload.

"I have seen nine angular recollections."

I have forgotten yesterday's news

I have a stormy cloud for you

You will understand the fear of death.

Past the strange dais

I have forgotten to prove my courage

In the time it takes to fly high in the air

I have already understood the secret of existence … "

The young man completely imitated Gao Qi's voice and singing style. For the first time, he sang with a normal tune, playing the guitar softly and faintly. After the first time, he suddenly strummed the strings with a pick, and his voice suddenly rose an octave. In the crowded street, he sang the second time at the top of his voice, as if there was no one else around.

The sudden rise in pitch and the sudden change in singing style made Li Mu instantly break away from the God's view just now. As if he had woken up from a dream, he stood still and listened to the young man finish the song. When he sang for the last time, "While flying high in the air, I have already understood the secret of existence." This sentence made Li Mu let out a long sigh of relief.

He instinctively reached out to touch his back. After realizing that he was not carrying the heavy backpack as he remembered, his heart that was tightly clenched by an invisible force eased a little. He took out his phone again and called his mother. On the phone, he tried his best to control his voice not to tremble as he asked his mother how things were at home recently.

He was very afraid that his mother would tell him where his father had found such a job like in his previous life. He was also afraid that she would tell him that she was helping out in the kitchen of a restaurant. He was even more afraid that she would tell him that she and his father were not short of money now, so he could work at ease in Yanjing and not give himself too much pressure.

Fortunately, Li Ma smiled and said, "Things have been pretty good at home recently. I've booked a plane ticket with your father. We'll be leaving tomorrow and driving to Quanzhou tomorrow. I'm packing my things now."

Li Mu asked, "Why are you suddenly going to Quanzhou?

Min Province? It's quite far. "

Li Ma smiled and said, "When I went to Wen City to attend the Meters-Bonway order conference in March, I heard from a local agent that their Noble Bird brand is going to look for Liu Dehua to endorse and promote this new brand. I don't know if this is reliable, but this brand doesn't have a general representative in Nansu Province yet. Your father and I are going to go there to see how they are doing. If it's reliable, we'll try to talk to them and get the provincial representative."

When Li Mu heard this, he instantly felt a lot more relieved. His mother did not say what he was most afraid to hear. However, when his mother casually mentioned that they were going to get the general representative of Noble Bird in Nansu Province, Li Mu suddenly woke up from his trance. That's right!

Things were indeed different now. What was he worrying about just now?

Then, Li Mu instinctively touched his pocket and took out a Benz car key. He patted his forehead and put the key in his pocket. Then, he turned around and walked back. At the same time, he said to his mother on the phone, "Mom, I advise you and Dad to just take care of the two shops now. There's no need to do too many things and tire you out."

"I'm not tired."

Li Ma smiled and said, "We don't have anything to do now. We don't need to take care of the two shops. The taxi company is also managed by Zhao Kang's father. We both feel a little idle, and it will be a sense of accomplishment to find something to do. Otherwise, life will be too boring every day. Your father always says that people similar to him are all working, and those who don't work are a group of retired old men. He doesn't even have a playmate when he's free. Besides, this matter may not be settled. Your father and I are going there with the mentality of traveling. We may come back after ten days or half a month in Min Province."

Hearing this, Li Mu stopped trying to persuade them. In short, it was fine as long as they liked it. If doing business could make them find fun, then he would not ask for anything else.

So, Li Mu thought about the brand Noble Bird. Although he couldn't remember when it hired Liu Dehua as its spokesperson, it did exist. Noble Bird also became famous because of Liu Dehua. So, he said to his mother, "I know a friend in Yan Jing. He is in the entertainment circle. A few days ago, he said that Liu Dehua was going to be the spokesperson of a southern clothing brand. It should be quite reliable. If you and Dad are really interested, just go and get it."

Li Ma asked in surprise, "Really?

Then I guess this matter is 80% reliable. I have to quickly take the position of the agent before they become famous! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Well, after you go to Quanzhou, share with me any news in time."

"Okay." Li Ma agreed readily and asked, "Son, how are you recently?"

"I'm fine."

"Are you short of money?"

"No, I made some money, but I don't know where to spend it now."

"If you don't know where to spend it, then save it. But don't spend too much energy on making money. Studying is fundamental."

"Okay, I got it …"

After Li Ma hung up the phone, Li Mu turned around. The young man opposite him was still playing the guitar as if there was no one else around. This time, the song he sang was "Give Me a Little Love" by the band Li Mu hadn't heard for many years.

The young man was extremely engrossed in singing, as if he felt the same way. When he lowered his head and sang, tears flowed from his eyes and fell on his mottled and worn-out folk guitar.

Li Mu's heart ached. Looking at the young man's age, he felt that he should be about the same age as him. Looking at the way he dressed, his long hair fluttered, and his shabby clothes had a strong style. Listening to the songs he sang, they were all classic songs from the 1990s by established domestic rock bands. Looking at the guitar bag in front of him, the cash on it seemed to add up to less than 10 yuan, but he didn't care. All his energy was spent on playing the guitar and singing.

Li Mu felt that he had guessed the young man's situation. He must be the guitarist of some underground rock band, or even the lead singer. He must have been very down and out, probably living in Tree Village, where underground rock bands gathered. He had no choice but to put down his dignity and come out to sing. Even though he was singing, he didn't sing popular songs that the public liked. He only sang songs that he liked.

Li Mu sighed softly. After listening to him sing "Give Me a Little Love" in silence, he took out his wallet and took out all the 100 yuan in it. There were about 2,000 yuan. Then he walked to the young man, squatted down, and stuffed the money into the guitar bag in front of him. The young man saw Li Mu stuff a stack of 100 yuan into his guitar bag and wanted to get up in a panic. Li Mu stood up and patted him on the shoulder. After saying a few words, he turned around and left.

Li Mu said, "If you have to bow your head, why don't you bow to the market? Why do you have to bow your head to life?"

Leaving the young man who didn't know what to do, Li Mu quickened his pace and walked back.

Thanks to the young man's song "Memories with Nine Edges", he had now completely come out of the trance and left the previous Li Mu behind. He knew that he was not going to Tangjialing at this moment, but to drive his Benz G55 and then go to find Su Yingxue. Although he made the mistake of liking two people at the same time, Su Yingxue was the one who took the deepest root in his heart. As long as Su Yingxue was by his side, Li Mu would not lose himself in the two worlds like before. As long as Su Yingxue was by his side, he was firm and sure that he would never turn back and live a life without her by his side in his previous life.

The more Li Mu thought about it, the faster he walked. At the same time, he took out his phone and called Su Yingxue, asking her where she was.

Su Yingxue said that she left school early today to accompany her sister, Wang Xinran, at her aunt's house.

Li Mu couldn't wait and said, "I want to see you. I'll pick you up now. Let's have dinner together tonight."

After hearing that, Su Yingxue was a little embarrassed and said, "Must it be today?"

Li Mu asked her, "Is it inconvenient for you?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and told Li Mu a piece of bad news.

Her cousin, Wang Xinran's exam results were out. She failed the exam with a difference of 0.5 marks in her major. She was the one with the highest major score out of all the eliminated students.

Under normal circumstances, it wouldn't be too difficult for Wang Xinran to accept such a result. However, it was different this time. This time, Yanjing Film Academy had recruited more than 20 students who had connections with them. It was equivalent to directly squeezing out more than 20 students who could have gotten into the acting major. She had prepared for so long and poured all her dreams into this. It was very hard for her to accept that she was suddenly eliminated in such a way.

Wang Xinran was in a very bad mood. She locked herself in her room for the whole day without eating or drinking. Su Yingxue's aunt and uncle took a day off to accompany her at home, but they couldn't ease her mood. They couldn't even open the door. In the end, they had no choice but to call Su Yingxue for help and ask her to come back and persuade her.

After hearing that, Su Yingxue directly left before finishing her last class. She was now almost at her aunt's house.

After hearing what she said, Li Mu understood her very well. However, he really wanted to see Su Yingxue, so he said to her, "Then persuade Xinran first. Tell her that I'll treat her to a big meal tonight and ask her if she's willing."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "Okay, I'll see how she's doing when I get there. If she's willing, I'll take her to see you."

Li Mu said, "No need, you accompany her first. I'll drive over and wait for you at the entrance of your aunt's neighborhood."

Su Yingxue said a little guiltily, "If she's not willing, I might not be able to accompany you for dinner tonight. I'm afraid you'll come here for nothing."

Li Mu comforted her and said, "It's okay. If she's not willing, you can take five minutes to come downstairs and let me see her. Then my trip will be worth it."

Su Yingxue's heart warmed and she said softly, "Okay, tell me when you arrive."

Li Mu went to the basement of the Makino Technology Office Building to get the car and drove directly to Su Yingxue's aunt's house. Su Yingxue arrived at her aunt's house very soon. As soon as she entered the door, her aunt whispered to her, "Xinran has been locking herself in the room. No matter what I said to your uncle, she wouldn't open the door. She didn't eat or drink all day. She didn't even go to the toilet. Your uncle and I are worried to death."

Su Yingxue said, "She may be more resistant to communicating with you. Your incessant persuasion to open the door may be counterproductive. Why don't you go back to the room with uncle first? I'll go talk to her."

Su Yingxue nodded and pulled her distressed husband to the bedroom. Before Wang Shaohua entered the bedroom, he said to Su Yingxue with a sincere face, "Yingxue, you have to persuade your sister. No matter what, she has to eat first …"

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Uncle, don't worry. I'll persuade her to eat."

After the couple entered the house, Su Yingxue walked to the door of her sister Wang Xinran's room. She gently knocked on the door and said, "Xinran, it's me. Can you open the door for me? I'll go in and accompany you, okay?"

Wang Xinran's somewhat hoarse voice came from the room, "Sister, I want to be alone for a while …"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Haven't you been alone for the whole day?

Haven't you had enough? "

Wang Xinran said through the door, "I'm so annoyed. My parents keep talking to me about this and that. I'm going to have a mental breakdown soon!"

Su Yingxue laughed, "I'm not talking to you. I'm your sister. I came all the way here to accompany you, not to persuade you or lecture you. We've been so close since we were young, but now you're shutting me outside the door. How sad am I?"

There was no movement on the other side of the door. After a while, the door lock opened with a click. Wang Xinran opened the door with her eyes red and swollen. She pouted and looked at Su Yingxue with an aggrieved expression. She called out to Su Yingxue and then her tears fell uncontrollably.