Chapter 547

The day before Li Mu and Du Wei set off for Hong Kong, Du Wei's advertisement for Makino Technology's YY123 was the first to be released among all of YY's products.

YY123 was originally just a navigation website that did not require much technology, but with the endorsement of a pure and innocent girl like Du Wei, it instantly became a hot topic on the internet.

No one would have thought that Makino Technology would invest so much manpower and resources into a navigation website. Previously, they had been using YY to guide traffic for YY123, and now they even specially hired a celebrity to be the spokesperson for this product. How many internet companies would hire celebrities to endorse their products?

If one were to count, it would probably take more than one hand, right?

Makino Technology's aggressive promotion of YY123 surprised the entire internet industry, but it made Li Xingping, who was far away in Guangdong Province, very nervous. During this period of time, YY123 had stolen more than half of his traffic, and it took him a lot of effort to finally stabilize the declining trend of traffic. Li Xingping was almost powerless under Makino Technology's fierce attack. The only thing he could do was to imitate YY123 and introduce a cloud favorite function for registered users. However, because the product line was too simple, users were not very enthusiastic about it.

After Hao123 opened up the user registration function, the proportion of active users registered was less than 5%. The reason for this was very simple. Under the premise of YY123's strong rise, the part of traffic that had stabilized was the stickiness of users with strong behavioral habits. The reason they continued to use Hao123 was mostly because they were used to it and could not change, so they simply continued with this habit. They were too lazy to register, too lazy to log in, and too lazy to create custom favorites. If these users were interested in a custom favorite function, they would have gone to YY123 a long time ago.

Li Xingping, who could not turn the tide, had recently basically accepted the current situation of him and YY123 splitting the market. YY123 had a higher market share, and his own Hao123 had a slightly lower market share. Although he had suffered a heavy loss in advertising revenue, at least he was not completely wiped out. This was basically a blessing in disguise.

However, he didn't expect that Makino Technology was still not satisfied. It was still preparing a big move to break the two-tiered situation.

Seeing Makino Technology's big move, Li Xingping was a little anxious. He went out of his house and was ready to drive to Yangcheng to meet a few friends who were also in the Internet business. He was going to arrange a brainstorm with them and ask them to give him some ideas. At this time, he could not think of any way to turn the situation around.

Li Xingping drove his own BMW out of his villa. As soon as he drove out of the neighborhood, he was surprised to see an image on the billboard at the entrance of the neighborhood that made him dumbfounded. The image was of a beautiful, well-behaved, and spirited Du Wei, as well as the YY123 website logo that was like a nightmare to him.

While Li Xingping was shocked, he couldn't understand why YY123 would put up an advertisement in front of his house. Did they know that he lived here and deliberately bought a billboard to annoy him?

After driving out of the house, Li Xingping drove out of the city. Along the way, he was shocked by the scene he saw.

He drove onto the main road and found YY123's flag flying on both sides of the main road. When he passed by a bus stop, he found that the background poster of the bus stop was also YY123's advertisement. When he passed by a bus, he found that the body of the bus was also printed with YY123's poster. When he waited for the red light at the intersection, he saw that the periphery of the flyover was also covered with YY123's visual display.

Li Xingping had a feeling that his hometown had become a city firmly surrounded by YY123. Everywhere was filled with YY123's elements, which made him panic.

Under such circumstances, no matter how good his mental fortitude was, he was almost on the verge of collapse. The feeling of being attacked by the enemy rose from the bottom of his heart.

Finally escaping the city and the overwhelming bombardment of YY123's advertisements, Li Xingping sped along the highway. When he finally arrived at Yang Cheng, he sadly discovered that compared to his hometown, YY123 had invested even more effort in Yang Cheng.

Every advertising medium he had seen in his hometown was seen in Yang Cheng. Apart from that, he also saw many other advertising mediums, such as the big screens on the streets of Yang Cheng, the lifts in the parking lots, the light boxes above the taxis, the display boards on the elevator walls of the office buildings, and so on …

This time, Li Xingping was in a complete panic. The cost of Muye Technology's series of promotions was frighteningly high. This was no longer a war between soldiers, but a war between soldiers and civilians. Furthermore, the enemy had an echelon of bombers that could provide indiscriminate bombing support. Every YY123 advertisement he saw was like a bomb dropped by the enemy. On the way from his hometown to Yang Cheng, his heart had been blown to pieces.

Li Mu did not actually give YY123 a high marketing budget. He was just using the strategy of suppressing the enemy with maximum firepower. He would concentrate the ammunition that others would use for a year and use it all in half a month or even less. As long as the enemy was beaten into submission, his goal would be achieved. It was a pity that Li Xingping could not fathom Makino Technology's intentions. Li Mu's strategy of living beyond his means made him think that the enemy would not stop until he was dead.

…

He would let Li Xingping slowly suffer under his strategy of suppressing the enemy with large-scale firepower. At noon on June 13th, Li Mu and Du Wei's flight landed in Hong Kong on time. Accompanying them were a few online reporters from the YY department.

Although Li Mu did not worship Hong Kong, he had to admit that the Hong Kong entertainment industry was indeed at a higher level than the mainland entertainment industry. This was not because the Hong Kong entertainment industry was superior to the mainland entertainment industry, but because the mainland fans respected Hong Kong and Taiwanese stars more than mainland stars. Even mainland actors and singers were proud to win awards in Hong Kong and participate in Hong Kong movies. Just like how Hong Kong actors were proud to participate in Hollywood movies, the second-tier industry always had a sense of admiration and flattery for the higher-tier industry.

The online reporters from the YY department accompanied them to publicize the news of Du Wei being invited by the Hong Kong Charity Foundation on YY. In this day and age, this matter was worth publicizing in the mainland market.

Li Mu and the others checked into the hotel where the charity gala was held. By the time they finished checking in, it was already past one in the afternoon. The group had lunch at the F&B and returned to their respective rooms to rest. Li Mu's room was next to Du Wei's, so he could take care of her if anything happened.

At three in the afternoon, as Li Mu was resting in his room, a staff member from the Charity Foundation knocked on the door and asked if he had time. The chairman of the Charity Foundation wanted to pay a visit later. Li Mu thought the staff member had made a mistake. He was only accompanying Du Wei, and the chairman of the foundation was the host. Even if he wanted to pay a visit, it should be to visit Du Wei.

Unexpectedly, the staff member said to Li Mu with certainty, "Mr Li, our Chairman Xiao really wants to pay you a visit. She will be free in about twenty minutes. Is it convenient for you?"

Before Li Mu came, he had learned about the Charity Foundation. It was established four years ago by the Australian Chinese actress, Xiao Fangfang. Many young people might not know her, but there was probably no one who didn't know her iconic role. She and Li Lianjie co-starred in the "Fang Shiyu" movie series and played the role of Fang Shiyu's mother.

Xiao Fangfang used to be a very active female star in the sixties and eighties. She had won several Hong Kong Film Awards, Taiwan's Golden Horse Awards, and the Berlin International Film Festival for the best actress. She was an extraordinary actress of the older generation.

Xiao Fangfang should be in her fifties this year, but she still wanted to "pay a visit" to a young man like Li Mu. It made Li Mu feel a little flattered. No matter what the other party's purpose was, using the word "visit" was indeed a bit of an understatement, so Li Mu asked the staff member, "Where is Chairman Xiao?

If it's convenient, I'll go visit her. "

The staff member smiled slightly and said in not very fluent Mandarin, "Chairman Xiao specially came to the hotel in advance to visit you. She's on her way now."

Li Mu was even more surprised, but since the other party was already on her way, it was unrealistic for him to visit her. He could only agree and said, "In that case, please tell Chairman Xiao that I'm free anytime this afternoon."

The staff member thanked him and left. Li Mu still didn't understand when he returned to the room, but seeing that the other party was about to arrive, Li Mu could only quickly prepare to deal with it. Fortunately, he had booked a very business-like suite with a very decent living room, so Li Mu called the hotel staff and asked them to prepare tea and refreshments in advance.

The hotel staff had just served the tea and refreshments when Xiao Fangfang arrived.

Xiao Fangfang, who was in her fifties, came to Li Mu's room accompanied by two staff members. As soon as they met, she very politely said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I've heard a lot about you for a long time. I've always wanted to meet you, and today my wish has finally come true."

Although Xiao Fangfang was already in her fifties, she still had a great temperament. Today, she was wearing a red cheongsam and had a very old feeling of the Republic of China. Li Mu was overwhelmed by the favor and said, "President Xiao, you're really too polite. I'm just a junior, how can I deserve such praise from you?"

Xiao Fangfang said seriously, "Although you're much younger than me, when it comes to doing charity, you're much more outstanding than me."

Li Mu immediately understood that Xiao Fangfang took the initiative to look for him because of 3321.