Chapter 149

Although the temporary student marketing team that Li Mu had set up wasn't big, its efficiency was surprisingly high. On Sunday, everyone split up into four groups and went to different universities in the morning and afternoon. However, just like Saturday, the progress was very smooth. The only thing that didn't go smoothly was the interference of a few university's security guards and dormitory managers. However, after secretly giving them some benefits, they didn't care anymore.

As the number of registered users of 3321 increased, the number of students who had completed the relevant information also increased. The most surprising thing was that Yan Da University and Tsinghua University had dozens of provincial college entrance examination champions and hundreds of city college entrance examination champions. Among these people, there were 90 people who had already registered with 3321. Without a doubt, these 90 people would be the biggest signboard of 3321.

On Sunday night, after the promotion of the eight universities ended, Li Mu asked everyone to find a few classmates and friends to help. This time, Li Mu planned to conduct an information verification for the 12 universities that had already been promoted.

Li Mu wanted to ensure that the information of all the students on 3321 was accurate. Only then could he provide the best tutoring service to the high school students and their parents. However, online verification was not very convenient at the moment, so Li Mu used the most direct method, which was to send people to each university to verify the information of these people one by one.

If it was in the future era of the big Internet, this method was simply stupid and stupid. But for Li Mu's 3321, it was still relatively easy. After all, these dozens of schools were in Yan Jing. Each school sent a few people to directly find the registered college students to verify the information and registration, which could ensure that nothing went wrong.

Li Mu also joined the verification team. Together with Zhao Kang, Su Yingxue, and Su Yingxue's roommate, they went to the University of Aeronautics and Astronautics together. They directly found the information left by the University of Aeronautics and Astronautics students when they registered, and asked them to show their ID, student ID, college entrance examination results, and other honor certificates for registration.

After the verification team confirmed that the information was correct, they would gather the verification results and send them back to Li Mu. Li Mu would then send the results to Kong Lingyu, and Kong Lingyu would then ask the technicians to give all the verified university students a very eye-catching "all information verified" sign.

Li Mu's side was in full swing, and there were a few people in the National People's Congress campus who were as anxious as ants on a hot pan. Sun Tan saw a group of National People's Congress students promoting 3321 everywhere. He was very anxious, so he called Wu Shuai and a few other followers together and asked them how much they knew about 3321.

Sun Tan also inquired about it in the morning, but the participants in this matter were a bunch of first-year students. Moreover, those first-year students had gone out early today to do marketing. He wasn't familiar with the first-year students. He asked someone, but he didn't get anything out of them.

Wu Shuai also asked around, and only found out that 3321 was a project created by the National People's Congress students. It was said that they had even gotten investments from the outside. As for who did it and who invested, he didn't know either.

The others were the same, and they couldn't find a key person to ask about the actual situation.

Sun Tan was anxious, "No matter what, we can't let 3321 succeed, or else the glory of our student organization will be snatched away by it!"

Wu Shuai nodded and said, "Brother Tan, don't worry too much, they've only been online for two days. Although they've gained quite a bit of popularity among the students, whether they can succeed or not still depends on whether they can successfully promote these students to the parents of the third-year students. If they can't pass this last hurdle, these students will definitely be very disappointed, and the greater the disappointment, the greater the hope."

Sun Tan said coldly, "Once they start promoting to the students' parents, do you think we can stop them?"

Wu Shuai asked, "Then what do you think we should do?"

"Find the person first. Before tomorrow, I want to know who created this website 3321!"

…

After a full day of promotion on Sunday, Li Mu and everyone in the marketing team spent the whole night looking for people to verify information in the dormitories of various schools. At ten o 'clock at night, all the verified information was gathered in their hands. Then, one after another, the verified users of 3321 received a text message that they had been verified. At the same time, their names on 3321 were also marked in red, and a verified symbol was added.

Everyone had a hard day, but it was also very fulfilling. The guys from Dorm 606 returned to their dorms and were still discussing how to go to the entrances of the various residential areas in Yanjing tomorrow to fool the parents of the students.

Wu Shuai, who was in the third-year dorm, finally figured out the ins and outs of 3321 through a kid from the Southern Su Alumni Association.

He had never guessed that the person who made Sun Tan gnash his teeth to find out turned out to be Li Mu.

Once he thought about how this amazing project, 3321, was actually created by Li Mu, Wu Shuai felt a wave of pain in his heart. Why was it him?

It couldn't be him.

If he really created 3321, this guy would probably become an existence that would be respected by all the Yanjing University students, right?

From the project concept of 3321, the degree of development of the website, and the effectiveness of promotion, if no one interfered, there was an 80% chance that 3321 would succeed.

If he had to think of a way to interfere, he really wouldn't know where to start. However, it was really a coincidence that he had provoked Sun Tan. The "Student Aid" was currently the most important thing for Sun Tan. He still hoped to rely on this project to get the title of Yanjing University Top Ten University Students and use it as a talisman for the future civil servant stage. At this time, Li Mu used 3321 to provoke him, which was simply asking for death.

Sun Tan had a very strong network in the National People's Congress, so messing with Li Mu couldn't be any easier. Wu Shuai thought about it carefully and felt that this matter really made him feel happy.

Secretly delighted, Wu Shuai immediately took out his phone and called Sun Tan.

Sun Tan was also sending people everywhere to inquire about 3321, but after asking around, he still couldn't find the most direct information. At this time, the first sentence that Wu Shuai said on the phone was, "Brother Tan, I found the person who made 3321."

Sun Tan blurted out, "Who is it?"

"This year, a freshman from the College of Finance called Li Mu, Mu Zi Li, Mu from the Ranch."

"Li Mu?

Are you sure? "

"I'm sure."

Wu Shuai said with certainty, "There's a kid in our Nansu Alumni Association who also participated in their promotion. 3321 is indeed made by that Li Mu. He has a cousin who is in the Internet business, and after earning some stinky money, he invested in him to make 3321."

"Damn, you're asking for death!" Sun Tan gritted his teeth and cursed, then said in a deep voice, "Okay, I got it. Thanks."

Wu Shuai hurriedly asked, "Brother Tan, what are you going to do?

This kid is not to be trifled with. I heard that some time ago, four or five people from the school swimming team fought with him, and he injured three of them by himself. I'm afraid that you'll be at a disadvantage, Brother Tan. "

Sun Tan didn't know that Wu Shuai and Li Mu had a conflict, so he didn't react at all and fell for his provocation. He said coldly, "I'll be at a disadvantage?

Hmph, just wait and see. This kid dares to ruin my big plan. I'll make him regret it so much that he won't even have tears to cry! "

That night, in a famous restaurant on Gui Street, Zhang Qing sat in front of Sun Tan with a nervous face. He had originally taken a shower and was about to sleep in the dormitory, but Sun Tan called him in the dormitory and asked him to have a meal after telling him his name.

Zhang Qing had been in the National People's Congress for a long time, so how could he not know Sun Tan's name? However, he was very surprised as to why Sun Tan wanted to treat him to a meal. Logically speaking, he didn't have much interaction with Sun Tan. Sun Tan was the leader of the Student Union, and he also set up a famous student aid organization. He was much better than him, who relied on his specialties to get a diploma in the National People's Congress. What was the purpose of him treating him to a meal?

Sun Tan didn't say why he wanted to treat Zhang Qing to a meal. He just quietly peeled the crayfish by himself. Sometimes, he raised his eyes to look at Zhang Qing, pointed at the plate full of crayfish, and said, "Eat, don't just stand there."

Zhang Qing ate a few uneasily. The atmosphere of two strangers sitting together without talking and eating with their heads down was really a little depressing. Zhang Qing couldn't stand it anymore and asked, "President Sun, why did you want to see me today?"

Sun Tan finished peeling the crayfish in his hand, stuffed it into his mouth, and sipped his fingers. He asked lightly, "Does your nose still hurt?"

Zhang Qing didn't understand. "President Sun, I don't understand what you're saying …"

Sun Tan sneered. "Didn't Li Mu hit your nose with a football a few days ago?

Does it still hurt? "

Zhang Qing broke out in a cold sweat. He didn't have much of a relationship with Sun Tan. Sun Tan suddenly mentioning this made him think that Sun Tan had a relationship with Li Mu, so he hurriedly explained, "President Sun, I just had some misunderstanding with Li Mu. But don't worry, there won't be any more misunderstandings in the future. I definitely won't look for him again."

Sun Tan had a look of disdain. "You really have no balls. You just let him hit you for nothing?"

Zhang Qing was confused. "President Sun, what are you …"

Sun Tan said lightly, "Let's put it this way. Li Mu, who hit you in public on the field, is now in my way. I want to mess with him, and I might need your help."

Speaking up to this point, Sun Tan suddenly sneered and said, "Of course, if you say that you're afraid of Li Mu and can't afford to offend him, I won't force you."

Zhang Qing seemed to be greatly insulted all of a sudden. He remembered that day on the field, Li Mu's gentle kick at the football in front of his face, and then looked at Sun Tan's face full of ridicule. His hatred for Li Mu suddenly flared up again.

Zhang Qing gritted his teeth and said, "Tell me, how do you want me to help!"

Sun Tan sneered. "I want Li Mu to get out of the National People's Congress, but I don't have a suitable reason."

As he said this, Sun Tan looked at Zhang Qing meaningfully and said, "I saw a post by the side of the pool. When he hit you, there were many witnesses. Everyone knows that you provoked Li Mu first, so you deserved to be hit."

Zhang Qing's face was livid. "President Sun, if you must say this, then let's not talk anymore!"

Sun Tan hurriedly explained with a smile, "I don't mean that I think you deserved it, but those classmates think you deserved it. There are so many witnesses, I can't make a fuss about it."

Zhang Qing gritted his teeth and asked, "Then what do you want? Can you not keep me in suspense?"