Chapter 28

"The total number of downloads is more than 500,000."

Zhao Kang calculated for a while in front of the laptop and gave Li Mu the latest results.

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's about time to get in touch with the people from Abby's plug-in."

As he spoke, Li Mu sat in front of the computer and opened his QQ account, "Never Stop If One Dies."

Sun Peng added Li Mu more than a dozen times in one night.

He clicked on the "Agree" button with his mouse, and in his friend list, a friend with a brooding male avatar appeared — — "Roc".

This was the first friend on Li Mu's sockpuppet account.

At this time, Sun Peng was holding a pancake and eating it as breakfast. The others were still resting in another house next door. They were a group of night owls, and they usually passed American time. The reason why he woke up early today was because he was frustrated. He had been waiting for that relentless person to accept his friend request.

The sudden cough jolted Sun Peng awake. He clicked on it and immediately threw the fruit jianbing in his hand to the side. He opened the dialog box and quickly typed, "Hello, I'm the person in charge of Ah Bei's plug-in. I would like to discuss cooperation with you."

Li Mu replied, "We're competitors, right?

What kind of cooperation is there? "

Sun Peng sighed in front of the computer. This guy is so arrogant!

However, Sun Peng still patiently replied, "The Stoneware Overlord is indeed a great plug-in, but you can't keep it free, right?"

Li Mu, "Didn't you see the free trial period is fifteen days?"

Sun Peng, "Yes, but what happens after the trial period?

How do you sell the plug-in in large quantities and efficiently?

Do you sell it directly or on a monthly basis? "

Li Mu, "What does it have to do with you?"

Sun Peng, "I have a sales channel that can sell more than 30,000 copies a month. I want to cooperate with you. Are you interested?"

Li Mu, "You said 30,000?"

Sun Peng said, "We sold 30,000 last month. If it wasn't for the Stoneware Overlord, I would have tried to hit 40,000 this month. It's summer now, and the number of players has skyrocketed."

Li Mu: "You mean, you want to help me distribute the Stoneware Overlord?"

Sun Peng: "You can say that. I want to be the general agent of the Stoneware Overlord. If you set the price at fifteen yuan, you can earn six yuan for every piece sold."

Giving Li Mu six dollars was Sun Peng's conservative figure. In the past, his Abbe plug-in sold for fifteen dollars, and his distributors took the profits. When it came to himself, he only had a gross profit of eight dollars. With so many people to feed, he felt that he was being generous by only giving two dollars for each share.

Li Mu: "Can you pay in advance?"

Sun Peng was stunned. Paying in advance was something he had always dreamed of, but the distributors did not buy it. They would sell the goods first and then settle the payment. The money would come from the distributors. If this distributor insisted on paying in advance, then it would be difficult for Sun Peng. He would have to pay first and wait for the distributors to return the money at the end of the month.

Abbe's goal for the month was to sell 40,000 copies. Based on the number of downloads of the Stoneware Overlord, if he were to start charging for it, it wouldn't be a problem to sell 50,000 copies with the advantage of the summer holidays. If he were to pay the other party $6 for each copy, he would have to pay $300,000 in cash first. How much could he earn?

The gross profit was only two dollars per copy, so 50,000 copies would only be 100,000 dollars.

On its own, 100,000 yuan was not a small amount, but he still had to support his team. The salaries of the employees in the two teams, the rent for the office, and the food and drinks for a few people added up to tens of thousands of yuan per month. If he divided the rest with the other two people who had shares, he would only have about 10,000 yuan left, right?

In order to earn 10,000 dollars, he had to pay 300,000 dollars a month. How was he going to do this?

Sun Peng: "We can't do this. The profit margin is too low, and we still have to pay so much. That little profit is not enough to feed our team. We are a combination of two cheats. I don't know if you have heard of them, Qianyu and Abbe."

Li Mu: "Your two teams are in programming, right?

What I don't understand is, if you buy my cheats, why do you still need technicians? "

Sun Peng was stumped by this question.

Yes, if I don't develop cheats, why do I need this team?

Drag me down?

Li Mu asked again, "Are the sales channels in your hands?"

Sun Peng: "Yes."

Li Mu: "How about this, one million dollars. I will sell you the program and all the source code, and you can operate it yourself. If your sales channels are really good, you can sell 30,000 to 40,000 copies a month. You can earn at least 100,000 or even 200,000 dollars a month, and you can earn back the money in half a year."

Sun Peng was stunned in front of the computer.

He did some calculations in his mind.

In his eyes, it was not difficult to sell 50,000 copies of Stoneware Overlord a month. If he bought it himself and sold it through his own channels, he could earn eight dollars for each copy sold, which would be 400,000 dollars a month.

This was not gross profit, but pure profit!

He did not need to be tied down by these two teams, nor did he need to work hard to develop it. He did not need to invest in it, and he would not need to hang around with people like Jia Bei. He could earn 400,000 dollars a month by himself. He did not dare to talk about other things, but if he sold it for half a year, he would be rich!

Almost instantly, Sun Peng felt relieved as if he had gotten rid of all his burdens. He trembled with excitement and asked Li Mu on QQ, "Can you make it cheaper?

I can't afford that much money. "

Li Mu: "It's not cheap. You have three days to think about it. You are not the only one who wants to buy this cheats from me."

Sun Peng: "Can you leave your phone number? I will contact you after I think about it."

Li Mu: "Just contact me through QQ."

Li Mu closed QQ. Zhao Kang looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a god and asked, "Did he really agree to one million?"

Li Mu thought about it, "I don't think so. The main thing is that he doesn't have that much money."

The entire production chain had been in operation for almost two years, and only reached ten million in revenue. Sun Peng had a team to support, and he also had shareholders to pay dividends. He had worked so hard for so long, and he probably did not even earn half a million.

Li Mu's guess was right. Sun Peng did some calculations. He had worked so hard for so long, and he had only earned about four hundred thousand.

Moreover, their business had gradually improved in the past two to three months. In the end, they were suppressed by the Stoneware Overlord.

However, Sun Peng had been working on the Stoneware Age cheats. He was very confident in the Stoneware Age game, and it could even be said that he was blindly optimistic. Although he felt that the price of one million was ridiculously high, deep in his heart, he firmly believed that if he bought it for one million, he would be able to recoup his losses in one season.

Then the question was, where could he get one million?

Sun Peng was not the child of a rich family, or else he would not have done this business. He had more than four hundred thousand, and if he asked his family for help, they would at most be able to come up with a few hundred thousand.

It seemed that he wanted to monopolize the Stoneware Overlord cake. He had the appetite, but not the teeth.

However, after thinking about it, he thought of his other partner, the one before Jia Bei joined.

He was the one before Jia Bei joined the group. Roughly calculating, he should have earned more than 200,000 yuan during this period, right?

Also, his family should be able to sponsor a little. Both sides could pool the money, and he could bargain with his partner to get eight hundred thousand. Then, the two of them could do it together. Just the two of them, not one more person.

Sun Peng quickly made up his mind. That partner was trustworthy, and he had always been obedient, unlike Jia Bei who was hard to control.

Sun Peng then turned off his QQ and smoked a cigarette. He got up and went to the dormitory next door and woke everyone up.

Sun Peng sighed deeply under the gaze of eight to nine people. He threw the cigarette butt on the ground and stepped on it. "Brothers, I've decided to quit."

"What??" Other than the two partners, the others could not accept it.

Although they had a premonition that this day would come, it was really hard for them to accept it. They had not made a lot of money, but they still earned a few thousand a month. It was much better than the current white-collar workers. If they were to disband, wouldn't everything be over?

Previously, they were still hoping that Sun Peng and the other two partners could fork out some money to lead them for a period of time.

At this moment, Jia Bei also said angrily, "F * ck, I'll quit too. There's no f * cking point. I'll go home and stay for a while. If there's a new game, I'll try it again. Anyway, 'Stone Age' is over!"

A technician who had been following Jia Bei frowned and said, "That Relentless Technique is too good. Since he has already started to enter the plug-in market, he naturally can't just play 'Stone Age'!"

"F * ck!" Jia Bei scolded. "This b * stard is clearly trying to force us to our deaths!

I don't f * cking believe it!

How can he monopolize this industry? "

Sun Peng waved his hand. "Let's not talk about useless things. Let's do some calculations. Since we are going our separate ways, let's try to part on good terms. Everyone's salary this month will be paid by the three of us who have shares in the company. We will settle it on a daily basis until today. Let's return these two houses this month. As for the computers and equipment, those who used to follow me, starting from Qianyu, can bring your own computers with you. Consider it as me leaving a job for you guys.

Assembling these computers would cost four to five thousand yuan each. Now, including the depreciation, they could be sold for at least two to three thousand yuan. In this era, the price of electronic equipment was not falling very fast. Sun Peng was quite loyal to his friends.

When Sun Peng said this, Qianyu's people heaved a sigh of relief. No matter what, they still got some benefits. Sun Peng had done his best.

"Qianyu can distribute the computers, but I, Ah Bei's people, can't!

I didn't earn much anyway. "