Chapter 224

Initially, Li Mu only wanted to stand up for Chen Ze and the Xu brothers. He had no intention of getting physical. However, he did not expect Tang Quan to talk about Su Yingxue and use such filthy words to provoke Hui Ka Ming. He could not take it anymore.

Since the fight with Zhang Qing's swimming team at school, he bought a pair of brass knuckles and kept them in his coat pocket every day. At this moment, his right hand was already wearing the brass knuckles. If these two underlings of Tang Quan dared to come up, Li Mu could guarantee that he would be able to take them down in two or three rounds.

However, he had to consider the bigger picture. He deserved to hit Tang Quan just now, but if it turned into a brawl, it would not be worth it.

Hence, Li Mu used a gangster's tone to suggest a solution.

This guy insulted my girlfriend, so I hit him. If he is not satisfied, he can come and fight me. No matter how you think about it, these reasons are in line with the rules. However, he was not satisfied after being hit and brought so many people to fight. This was Tang Quan and Xu Jiahua's shamelessness.

Xu Jiahua naturally could not afford to lose face like this. He glanced at Li Mu and stopped Tang Quan's underlings. Then, he turned to Li Mu and said, "Since she is your girlfriend, I will not interfere in the matter between the two of you."

Xu Jiahua was also a little depressed. This Tang Quan really couldn't do anything right, but he was good at spoiling things. At that moment, if he was really sensible, he should have continued to provoke Xu Jiaming on a personality level. But why did this kid suddenly drag a woman of unknown origin into this?

Did his sperm get to his brain?

He deserved this slap. He was too embarrassed to ask for an explanation from Li Mu. Once he opened his mouth, he would lose all his face.

Tang Quan had just recovered from the slap. He hated Li Mu to the core. When he heard Xu Jiahua's words, he was even angrier. Did he suffer that slap for nothing?

At this time, Su Yingxue also hurriedly came in front of Li Mu and stood beside Li Mu, pulling him back slightly. She was afraid that the other party would suddenly rush out and attack Li Mu.

Tang Quan gritted his teeth as he looked at Li Mu. He was thinking about what he should say to regain his face. However, after sizing up Li Mu, Tang Quan was a little uncertain. Although he couldn't tell how strong Li Mu was, Li Mu was half a head taller than him. If he rashly fought with him, he might be at a disadvantage.

At this time, Li Mu glared at him and shouted, "What are you looking at?

If you're not convinced, then let's fight one-on-one. I'll take you on at any time. With so many people watching, neither of us should be afraid. "

Tang Quan was at a loss for words. Where did this kid come from?

Damn it, how could he be so stubborn!

In front of so many people, was he trying to show off?

Did he think he didn't dare to fight one-on-one with him?

In an instant, Tang Quan cursed, "F * ck you!" After that, he raised his fist and was about to hit Li Mu's face.

Although Li Mu didn't practice martial arts, his long hours in the gym were not for nothing. His physical fitness was much better than Tang Quan's. Seeing him suddenly attack, Li Mu didn't dodge. Instead, he directly lifted his leg and kicked towards Tang Quan's stomach. Tang Quan didn't expect that before his fist could hit Li Mu, Li Mu's foot had already landed on his lower abdomen. Li Mu relied on his long legs and easily repelled his fist.

Li Mu's kick was full of force. After Tang Quan was kicked, he couldn't dispel the force and involuntarily took a few steps back. His legs went soft and he fell on his butt.

Li Mu didn't give him a chance to get up. He quickly walked up to him, raised his leg and kicked Tang Quan, who was sitting on the ground, to the ground. Then he squatted down and used his right knee to firmly press against Tang Quan's chest. He raised his hand and gave Tang Quan a hard slap on the face. With a slap, Li Mu said one word: "I!"

Then, another slap. Li Mu said, "F * ck!"

Slap … "You!"

Slap … "Big!"

Slap … "Grandpa!"

Everyone present was dumbfounded. Tang Quan's left cheek was too horrible to look at. His entire brain was in a daze from the lack of oxygen. The girls who came with Tang Quan and Xu Jiahua were all fired up. At this moment, they had long forgotten which side they were on. They just felt that this handsome guy was too manly!

His girlfriend was being insulted, and he used his actions to slap the other party's face. It was a satisfying slap!

In addition, the other players who were playing were also watching with great interest. Many of the girls' expressions were overflowing with excitement. It seemed that they were very happy to see Tang Quan get beaten up.

Xu Jiahua's expression was somewhat ugly. He did not know where Li Mu had come from or what his background was, but Li Mu's ruthlessness was still somewhat unexpected to him. He had seen ruthless people before, but he had never seen someone as ruthless as Li Mu. Li Mu had laid the groundwork perfectly, flawlessly, to the point that he could not even ask Tang Quan to be his assistant, let alone stand up for him.

Even he felt that Tang Quan deserved to be beaten up.

He was a person with brains!

Xu Jiahua sighed in his heart. He looked at Tang Quan who was lying on the ground like a dead dog. He lamented in his heart, "Why are there so many people around me like this?

They don't even know how to pick a fight. It's like they're out of their minds to pick a fight with someone else's girlfriend. In the end, they got beaten up. Even I can't help him. "

Li Mu had just stood up after slapping Tang Quan five times when the club's owner, Zuo Qing, rushed over. Seeing that the fight had just ended, she hurried over to mediate. "Everyone, everyone, let's talk things out. Don't hurt the harmony."

Xu Jiahua was annoyed. In front of so many people, he couldn't use Tang Quan as a pretext anymore. He didn't even have the face to continue staying under the same roof as Tang Quan. He kicked Tang Quan on the ground angrily. "Are you dead?

If you're not, get up and leave! "

After saying this, Xu Jiahua glared at Hui Ka Ming and turned to leave.

He couldn't stay any longer. It was too embarrassing.

Tang Quan stumbled up from the ground. Before he left, he wanted to threaten Li Mu a few more times to get back at him, but he was afraid of Xu Jiaming's ruthlessness. In the end, he didn't even dare to let out a fart. Tucking his tail between his legs, he followed behind the furious Xu Jiaming. In his heart, he was still fantasizing that the next time I see that kid, I'll take his life!

Seeing that the large group of people had left, Hui Ka Ming breathed a sigh of relief. He looked at Li Mu and said, "Thank you, Li Mu."

Li Mu frowned. "I didn't do it to help you."

Then, he walked over to Su Yingxue and grabbed her hand. He said to Chen Ze, "Brother Ze, we'll be leaving first."

Before Chen Ze could say anything, Li Mu pulled Su Yingxue and walked out.

He was a little annoyed because of Hui Ka Ming's "thank you".

'What the hell, I didn't even do it for you. Why are you thanking me?

Are you thanking me for hitting Tang Quan and helping you out? '

A person who didn't understand the situation and thought too highly of himself wasn't suitable to be friends with.

Chen Ze wanted to stop Li Mu, fearing that Tang Quan and his gang were waiting outside for Li Mu's revenge. However, Li Mu didn't give him a chance to speak and left the bowling alley with Su Yingxue.

Hui Ka Ming was confused. He looked at Chen Ze and asked, "Brother Ze, did I say something wrong?"

Chen Ze didn't answer and said, "I'll go take a look."

Then, he quickly chased after them.

Xu Jiahua and his gang had already left. Li Mu took Su Yingxue into the car. As soon as he started the car, Chen Ze chased after them. Li Mu rolled down the window. Chen Ze said, "I'm really sorry, I wanted to call you two out to relax. I didn't expect this to happen tonight."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's fine, it's just an accident. You don't want it to happen."

Chen Ze nodded. He knew that it was pointless to say anything else, so he said to Li Mu, "Leave this to me. You and Yingxue go back and rest early."

Li Mu nodded. Su Yingxue also said goodbye to Chen Ze. Then, Li Mu drove away from the carnival and went straight to the fourth ring road to send Su Yingxue back to her aunty's house. On the way, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Why were you so impulsive just then? That guy doesn't look like a good person. What if he causes trouble for you in the future?"

Li Mu said while driving, "I don't know Hui Ka Ming well. I just went because of Chen Ze. It has nothing to do with me if he insults Hui Ka Ming, but I can't allow him to be rude to you."

Su Yingxue nodded and said softly, "I understand what you mean. I'm just afraid that you will suffer."

Li Mu glanced at Su Yingxue and said with a smile, "It's fine as long as you don't suffer. It doesn't matter if I suffer a little."

Su Yingxue suddenly felt that even a woman who was trying to be independent would be infatuated with Li Mu's domineering protection and consideration. At least, she was deeply infatuated with him. Her whole heart was immersed in the happiness of being protected, and she couldn't extricate herself.

…

In the next two days, Tang Quan had been trying to find out who the guy who hit him that day was. He used all his connections to find out who Li Mu was.

After Li Mu beat him up, he didn't take it seriously anymore. He just sneakily went to buy a brass knuckle. He spent ten yuan on this brass knuckle and hired an old man who sharpened the four blunt metal cylinders on the front of the brass knuckle.

The old man usually only charged one yuan for sharpening a pair of scissors. Naturally, he was overjoyed when he saw that the brass knuckle was getting sharper and sharper. He couldn't help but remind Tang Quan, "Young man, you can't sharpen this thing too much, or it will kill you."

Brass knuckle was not a pair of scissors or a kitchen knife. The latter two had proper uses, but brass knuckle was purely for fighting.

Li Mu smiled and said, "You can sharpen it a little more, just a little more. I'll add another ten yuan for you."