Chapter 714

Wei Lan rarely went to bars and nightclubs. She had been to quiet bars a few times, but this was the first time she had been to such a noisy nightclub.

It was the weekend, and SugarClub was packed with people. Coquettish dancers were crazily twisting their bodies amidst the exciting music and dazzling colorful lights. Young people were all swaying to the rhythm of the music. Every vibration of the oversized bass speakers could penetrate through one's chest, and the effect was extraordinary.

Wei Lan originally thought that she couldn't stand this kind of chaotic environment. She didn't expect to be infected by this kind of atmosphere as soon as she came in. Her mood improved a little, so she was no longer so nervous. She followed beside Li Mu and went upstairs with the female manager.

After entering Li Mu's private room, Li Mu said to the female manager, "Give me some low-alcohol cocktails suitable for women. Give me a glass of whiskey with ice. As for the other fruit platters, you can order them."

The manager nodded and turned to leave. Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "Their drink list looks too complicated. We won't order it in detail. If you don't like it, I'll ask them to change it."

Wei Lan nodded her head lightly. Logically speaking, Li Mu's method of not giving others a chance to make a decision was somewhat egoistic and chauvinistic. However, Wei Lan suddenly thought of the process of Xiao Chenfeng's hypocritical acting today. It seemed that every process paid great attention to her feelings, and every decision he made gave her the absolute right to make. However, in the end, she realized that he was actually scheming against her from the beginning to the end. On the contrary, Li Mu's slightly overbearing method made her feel more at ease.

Sometimes, Wei Lan didn't want to take the initiative in everything. She didn't need to think for herself. The feeling of someone making decisions for her made her feel especially relaxed.

The private room's soundproofing was pretty good. Normal conversations could be heard. Wei Lan looked at the dance floor downstairs through the double soundproof glass. She asked Li Mu curiously, "Do you come here often?"

Li Mu shook his head, "Not even once a month. I'm usually very busy."

Wei Lan asked, "If you don't come often, why do you have an exclusive private room?"

Li Mu said, "Back then, a few of us bought some shares together, so each of us has a private room like this."

Wei Lan nodded lightly. She had a question she wanted to ask Li Mu, but she swallowed the words back.

The waiter served the drinks very quickly. Soon, he came in with all kinds of cocktails, the whiskey Li Mu ordered, lemon soda, ginger water, and other soft drinks. Li Mu placed the iced whiskey in front of him and said to Wei Lan, "Pick one."

Wei Lan looked at all the fancy cocktails in front of her and said in surprise, "How can I finish all of them …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Pick up whatever you like and try it. If you think it's good, you can drink it. If it's not, you can change it. Besides, no one said that you have to finish the wine when it's served."

"Alright."

Wei Lan smacked her lips and chose a glass of "Long Island Iced Tea". Then, she picked it up and said to Li Mu, "Let's have a toast first. Thank you for your kindness and help."

Li Mu picked up the whiskey glass, and the two glasses touched each other gently, making a pleasant hum. Then, he said, "You don't have to thank me repeatedly. Although we're not very close, there's no need to be so polite."

Wei Lan smiled faintly and nodded. She picked up the wine cup and took a big gulp without making a sound.

Li Mu picked up the whiskey glass and took another sip. Then, he asked her, "By the way, why are you suddenly leaving tomorrow?

Isn't the summit the main event tomorrow? "

Wei Lan smiled bitterly, "There are some urgent matters in Shanghai that I have to deal with, so I have to go back as soon as possible."

Li Mu could tell that Wei Lan was lying. She came to Yanjing this time to find a way to save her life. How could she be in a hurry to leave as soon as she arrived?

Also, she should have just talked to Xiao Chenfeng. Could it be that the discussion broke down?

Looking at Wei Lan's eyes carefully, the whites and bags under her eyes were slightly red and swollen. It looked like she had just cried not long ago. Li Mu was even more certain of his judgment.

"Have you decided when to go back tomorrow?"

Li Mu saw that Wei Lan's eyes were deliberately avoiding his. It seemed like she didn't want him to see anything wrong, so he changed the topic and asked.

Wei Lan said, "I'll go to the airport after I wake up tomorrow and buy the earliest flight I can catch."

Li Mu was slightly surprised, "Oh, you're really in a hurry. At least wait until the summit ends tomorrow night, right?

With so many people in the industry, there might be some gains. "

Wei Lan picked up the glass and took another big gulp. Then, she smiled bitterly and said, "Other than ridicule, danger, and despair, I don't know what else I can gain. So, I'd better be more tactful and go back quickly."

Li Mu followed up and asked her, "Did something go wrong?"

Wei Lan shook her head gently, "No, it's pretty good."

She said it casually, but Wei Lan felt really bad. The Long Island Iced Tea in front of her had already been finished, so she picked up a cocktail and wanted to try it first. However, she couldn't help it and drank the whole glass of slightly spicy wine in one gulp. Only then did she let out a long breath and put the empty glass back.

Seeing her posture, Li Mu knew that there must be something on her mind. He shrugged and pretended to be bored, "Although I'm not old, I can still tell the truth from the lie."

Wei Lan hurriedly explained, "Li Mu, don't think too much. I didn't mean that. I just didn't want to mention those things and affect my mood."

Li Mu said in a joking tone, "If you choose to keep it to yourself, don't you think it's more appropriate to drink alone?

When two people drink, isn't it to have someone to talk to and listen to? "

Wei Lan said awkwardly, "Actually, I'd like to treat you to dinner, but I'm leaving early tomorrow morning. You've already had dinner, so I thought of treating you to a drink."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't be silly. I'll treat you to a drink."

"How can you do that? I have to treat you. I haven't had a chance to thank you properly."

Li Mu said, "I'm a shareholder here. Our expenses here are directly charged to my account. Even if you want to pay the bill, you don't have a chance."

"This …" Wei Lan didn't know what to do. "Didn't we agree that I would treat you to a drink? How can this …"

Li Mu waved his hand. "You said you would treat me to a meal. I'm waiting."

Wei Lan said awkwardly, "But I'm leaving early tomorrow morning …"

Li Mu shrugged and said, "Then don't rush to leave tomorrow morning."

"But …"

Li Mu had completely taken control of the conversation between the two of them. He interrupted Wei Lan's difficult "but" and said, "The industry is only so big. Although I don't directly operate Wan Ying Real Estate, I've heard about some of the trends in the industry. I don't expect you to treat me as a friend, but at least don't treat me like a fool."

Wei Lan pursed her lips in shame for a long time, then picked up a cocktail of unknown name and drank half of it with a frown. She put down the glass, feeling a little dizzy, but her desire to talk was also ignited. She sighed and said, "If that's the case, then I'll really talk. You can't be annoyed after listening to me."

Li Mu took a sip of whiskey and crossed his hands in front of him. "I'm all ears."

Wei Lan then said, "I came to Beijing to attend this summit. To put it bluntly, I'm here to ask for help, but …"

In the next ten minutes, Wei Lan explained to Li Mu the difficulties she was facing and how she was almost tricked by Li Mu today. She included how she escaped, how she couldn't leave the airport as she wished, how she stayed in a hotel near the airport, and how she wanted to fulfill her promise and find Li Mu to drink with her.

Li Mu did not feel very surprised after hearing this. The feeling that Xiao Chenfeng gave him today was not quite right. Li Mu could tell that Xiao Chenfeng was interested in Wei Lan, but he did not expect that he would actually set up such a trap for Wei Lan.

Li Mu's expression didn't show any emotions. He only asked Wei Lan, "So you're giving up on Jun Cheng Real Estate?"

"Yes."

Wei Lan said, "I've been guarding it for so long and seen so much shamelessness and ugliness. I'm really tired. It's enough. I'm in despair. Instead of struggling, I might as well give up."

Li Mu nodded. "Instead of struggling at death's door, it's better to burn. This sentence sounds very bold, but it's also quite stupid. Thinking about it carefully, giving up is the greatest cowardice. Otherwise, as long as there's still a breath left in them, no strong person will give up so easily."

Wei Lan finished the wine in her cup and smiled bitterly. "What else can I do if I don't give up?

This matter is indeed wishful thinking on my part. It's too difficult to save Jun Cheng Real Estate, and the cost is too high. Furthermore, there's a complicated network of relationships behind it. It's impossible for anyone to be willing to help. "

After two cups of wine, Wei Lan's cheeks were already flushed. She tilted her head and her eyes were a little blurred. If one were to look at her now, she really didn't have the posture of a business elite. She gave off the aura of a little woman.

Li Mu smiled slightly and asked her, "Why are you so sure?"

Wei Lan said, "Xiao Chenfeng taught me a lesson. I gave up the optimism in my heart and looked at the whole thing objectively. The three billion loan hole is too big, and the background of the Lanke Group is too strong. The investment to save Jun Cheng Real Estate is not proportional to the return at all. No one in the real estate industry will be willing to help, and no company has so much idle funds."

Li Mu nodded. Wei Lan had already analyzed it very thoroughly. In fact, it was a problem of money. The amount of three billion was too large. Even if she wanted to take it out, she couldn't take it out. His other industries were all internet products, and he had very few fixed assets. Other than accepting financing, it was impossible for the bank to accept a loan of three billion with intangible assets. So, in theory, he really couldn't help her.

Wei Lan was right. No company could take out three billion in cash to throw into a case that they didn't know when it would be closed. This amount was too large, and he couldn't take it out at all. Even if he had so much money, he couldn't take it out to do this.

Li Mu had been thinking about whether there was a way to solve the crisis facing Jun Cheng Real Estate when he couldn't use Wanying's money and his company didn't have money. It sounded very difficult, but when he looked at Wei Lan's desperate eyes, he suddenly had a flash of inspiration and instantly captured a reliable clue.

Li Mu closed his eyes and started his brain. He quickly followed the clue, a point, a line, a whole side …

A few minutes later, an unprecedented solution appeared in Li Mu's mind.

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu was motionless with his eyes closed. She couldn't help asking, "Are you asleep?"

Li Mu opened his eyes and looked at Wei Lan with a smile. "If I say I have a way to help you, will you believe me?"