Chapter 1763

Mu Ye Technology ordered a large number of commercial computers from Shenzhou to be used by various businesses, especially small and micro businesses that had lower costs.

Li Mu's idea was to let all the businesses use the computers for free for three months. The main reason for this was to let the businesses use Hungry Me without any barriers.

After three months, the businesses would realize Hungry Me's ability to generate income and would naturally choose to continue working with them. At that time, they could choose to rent the computers and thermal printers provided by Hungry Me or buy them themselves.

If the businesses rented the computers, then the rent would be a source of income for Hungry Me. At least they could recoup the cost of the hardware.

If the businesses gave up on renting the computers and chose to buy them themselves, it would not matter. After Hungry Me took back the computers, they could continue using this model and send them to new businesses or even send them to smaller cities.

For example, thousands of second-hand computers might be eliminated in Yan Jing this year. These computers would be sent directly to the nearby cities in Ji Province. This way, the cost of transportation would be very low, and Taobao Logistics would be able to handle it internally.

Li Mu had originally wanted the Divine Boat to have a few sets of machines that were purely for commercial use. In the future, they would be the all-in-one machines that restaurants and cafes would use to order and settle accounts. Such machines did not have high hardware requirements, and it was not difficult to manufacture.

However, the most annoying thing about industrial design was the industrial design and the creation of the molds. This process was not expensive, but it was a waste of time.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to use the normal computers to see how they worked. At the same time, he asked Shenzhou to specially make a set of commercial computer molds for Hungry Me and then mass produce them.

The boss of the Chuandu noodle shop had gone through professional training by Hungry Me. He was already very familiar with the operation of accepting orders. He introduced the additional benefits that Hungry Me brought to him to the reporters while continuously confirming orders in front of the computer.

The reporters saw that he was grinning from ear to ear and could not help but ask, "Noon is the peak time for meals. Your business must be very good, right?"

The boss said seriously, "The number of orders is much higher than yesterday afternoon. We have received close to 40 orders now. At this rate, it will be no problem for us to exceed 80 orders by noon!"

As he said that, he said thoughtfully, "I feel that the number of users of Hungry Me is increasing rapidly. Yesterday was the first day, so the number of users might have been lower. But today, it has increased greatly."

The boss' analysis was right.

Yesterday's Hungry Me was only online to test the waters. It was also to show the outside world and push out its own mode.

With yesterday's publicity and reports, the number of users had increased tremendously today.

At this time, the rider responsible for delivering Wang Xiaolong's meal had already received the order. He said to the reporter, "Um, reporter, I have to go deliver the meal to the client."

The reporter hurriedly said, "We'll go with you."

The reporters and the rider came out together. The rider sat on Hungry Man's custom-made electric scooter while the reporters sat in the scooter to follow and film.

At first, the reporters were able to keep up, but soon, they were left further and further behind by the rider due to the traffic conditions.

Fortunately, the Chuandu Noodle House was not far from the building where Wang Xiaolong worked. The reporter's camera could still capture the rider's figure from afar.

After the biker arrived at the building, he locked the bike and hurried into the building's elevator hall. The reporters also caught up with the biker while he was waiting for the elevator.

When the rider was about to arrive at the entrance of Wang Xiaolong's company, he called Wang Xiaolong and used the professional language he learned from Hungry Mike to speak, "Hello, is this Mr. Wang?

I'm Hungry Man's food delivery rider. Your meal has been delivered. Please come to the entrance of the company to collect it. "

He hung up the phone and arrived at the entrance of the company.

The reporter who followed Wang Xiaolong inside said in surprise, "It only took a total of 15 minutes to deliver. It only took half of the promised time."

Wang Xiaolong got up to collect the meal and said to the reporter, "I think their operating efficiency is very high, but when the number of users increases, I don't know if they can maintain this efficiency."

When Wang Xiaolong went out to collect the meal, the two groups of reporters met up briefly and then continued to follow and film their interviewees.

On the other side, Wang Xiaolong returned to the company with the meal and ate at his desk. On the other side, Hungry Man's rider was waiting for the elevator while using his phone to reply to Hungry Man's official order message with the number 1.

The reporter asked him, "Sir, what does replying to 1 mean?"

The driver said, "Replying to 1 means to tell the system that I've completed this order and can take on the next one."

The reporter asked again, "Then the daily text message fee shouldn't be low, right?"

The driver smiled honestly and said, "The phone is issued by the company, so we don't have to pay for the phone bill. The company told us to use it without worry."

At this time, his phone received an official message from Hungry Man. "Hello, respected rider. We will now assign an order for you. The content of the order is: Go to 'Sha Xian Snack Yuhong Road Shop' to pick up the meal (restaurant number YJ 003121, send to Building C, Zhongguancun Kexin Entrepreneurial Park, order number 401299832. Please reply 1 if you want to accept the order. The order will be kept for one minute. Please reply 2 if you want to reject the order. Please reply 3 # minutes if you want to suspend the order. For example, if you need to suspend the order for an hour, please reply) 3 # 60."

The reporter hurriedly asked, "Sir, is this the system's assignment of the order?"

"Yes."

The driver nodded and said, "When I confirm the completion of the previous order, the system will assign me a new order. You see, this order has already been locked for me. I want to accept this order, so I just need to reply 1."

The reporter said, "But there is no user information on it. How are you going to deliver it?"

The driver said, "Reply 1 to confirm the order, and the system will send the user information to me. If you don't accept the order, you won't be able to see the user information. The company said that this is to protect the privacy of the customers."

As he spoke, the driver had already replied 1 to confirm the order.

A few seconds later, the phone received another message: Hello, respected rider. You have confirmed the acceptance of order number 401299832. The recipient is Miss Chen. Contact information: 1390100 xxxx. Go to 'Sha Xian Snack Yuhong Road Shop' to pick up the meal. Please abide by the traffic regulations and pay attention to safety. "

The driver stepped into the elevator and handed the phone to the reporter at the same time. He said, "You see, I have confirmed the order now."

The reporter looked at the text message carefully and said in surprise, "The wording of your company's text message is really humane!"

The driver smiled and said, "I don't know what humane care is, but every time I receive a text message, I feel very comfortable reading it."

The reporter asked, "Then you will go to this order next, right?"

"Yes." The driver nodded and said, "Next, I will go to this Sha Xian Snack."

The reporter asked curiously, "Can you remember so many restaurants in your service range?

What if you don't know the location? "

This was indeed one of the biggest drawbacks of not having a smartphone. The rider couldn't check the map through the phone in real time. At the same time, his coordinates couldn't be transmitted to the cloud and presented to the user in real time.

However, this couldn't be helped. Li Mu also wanted to give each of them a smartphone, but it was a huge project behind it. Not only did he have to develop the system and the hardware, but he also had to customize the software. At the same time, he also needed a stable and fast network transmission, and he also needed a mature set of digital map data.

At present, there was no good way to solve these problems in one step. The only thing that could be distributed to the rider was an ordinary blue screen phone. Therefore, what Li Mu could do was to ask the team to customize a "restaurant map" for the rider.

At this time, the rider who delivered the food also took out the "restaurant map" from his pocket and said, "This has the detailed location and contact information of all the restaurants starting from the number YJ 000001. If I don't know where the restaurant is, I can look it up based on the restaurant number provided in the text message. I can find the specific door number and nearby landmark building reminders. If I still can't find it, I can call the restaurant to ask."

The reporter took the small book and found that it was the size of a palm. It was not a bound book, but a detachable activity book.

Every piece of paper in the book was punched and fixed by a buckle. The buckle could be opened, and each piece of paper inside could be easily taken out.

The reporter asked curiously, "By the way, if there is a new restaurant, what should I do if there is no information on this?"

The driver smiled and said, "The company has considered it. Every morning when we go to the service station to sign in, the company will print a card with the information of the new restaurant. We just need to put it in."

The reporter nodded in realization and said, "Your company is really thoughtful."

"Yes."

The driver smiled and said, "The company takes care of us because we don't study much, so everything is simple. You see, all the confirmation text messages only need us to reply with numbers and symbols. Many of us don't know Pinyin. If it's a little difficult to reply with words, it's too easy to reply with numbers. Anyone can do it. Even a three-year-old can do it."

At this time, the elevator reached the first floor. In order to be in a hurry, the rider quickly walked out of the office building.

The reporter trotted all the way and said at the parking lot, "Driver, sorry to take up a little of your time. We have one last question."

The driver hurriedly asked, "Please ask."

The reporter asked, "The bike you are riding is also provided by the company, right?

I see it is electric. How long can it last? "

The driver said, "I rode it for about 70 kilometers yesterday before it was notified that it was almost out of battery."

The reporter asked again, "How do you solve the problem of running out of battery?

Do you need to find a place to charge it? "

The driver said, "If you run out of battery, you can go back to the service station. There is a charged battery there, and you can directly change it. You can also run for dozens of kilometers. There are chairs at the service station for you to rest on. If you don't have any orders and don't want to run for the time being, you can also send a message to the system. For example, if I want to rest for three hours before accepting orders, I can reply with 3 # 180. The system will suspend my orders for three hours, and I can go back to the service station to rest for a while."