Chapter 1773

Originally, an investment of ten million USD would require at least half a year of preparation.

However, because of the urgency of the matter, IDG reached a consensus within a day.

The driving force of capital was one of the most powerful forces in the world other than the rotation of the earth. It was even more so for the profit-seeking big shots on Wall Street.

Lu Yunhao, who was lying in a five-star hotel in Shanghai, suddenly became the "chosen one" of the Wall Street capitalists. He shouldered the heavy burden of sniping Li Mu.

When Lu Yunhao learned that IDG Capital had decided to invest twenty million USD in him the next day, he was so excited that he almost had a heart attack.

It felt like all of this was a dream.

After being excited for a long time and finally accepting the reality, Lu Yunhao began to be extremely conceited in his heart.

He told himself, Lu Yunhao, you are so f * cking awesome!

You accurately judged the hatred of the Wall Street bigwigs against Li Mu and exchanged an email for a twenty million USD investment!

Twenty million USD!

If converted to RMB and rounded up, it would be two hundred million!

Yesterday, he was an internet celebrity training teacher behind a three-foot podium. Today, he was the helmsman of a twenty million USD investment Internet company. Lu Yunhao felt that he was so lucky that no one could compare to him.

Although he only held 20% of the shares in this twenty million USD company from the beginning, it was not important.

What was important was that he became the spokesperson of the entire Wall Street. He gave up so many shares, and he was their spokesperson and bridgehead. As long as he did well, they would definitely support him behind his back.

The next day, Lu Yunhao directly called the principal of Southern English University and resigned.

The other party was particularly angry at his behavior of shirking his responsibilities and cursed him on the phone for the first time in history.

Of course, Lu Yunhao did not show any weakness. In the end, he held the phone and roared, "Why the f * ck are you talking to me about professional ethics?

Is there something wrong with your brain? "

After that, Lu Yunhao hung up the phone.

F * ck it.

I am going to do something big now!

After that, he went to IDG's headquarters in Hua Xia and signed an investment agreement with Fang Ping.

Due to the urgency of the situation, IDG thought of a series of ways to save time for Lu Yunhao.

For example, they don't want Lu Yunhao to register a company. That way, he will have to open an account with the Industrial and Commercial Bureau, and then open an account with the bank. It will take at least 10 days to complete all the documents and qualifications.

Therefore, the best way was to buy a company shell first and directly use this shell company to start the business first. As for the change procedures, they could slowly fill in later.

The most important thing now was to get the business going.

Lu Yunhao did not expect the Americans to be so anxious, but he immediately expressed that he would not leave Shanghai for the time being. No matter what, he had to develop his business first.

To him, nothing was more important than his business at this stage.

In addition to buying a company shell, IDG also requested that before the investment was received, IDG appoint a finance director to be in charge of all the financial affairs of the company. After Lu Yunhao set up the finance team, then the finance work would be handed over.

However, after the handover of the finance work, Lu Yunhao's finance department had to submit quarterly financial statements to IDG, including the use of every cent.

Lu Yunhao also accepted it. He had to provide financial statements when he took someone else's investment, but IDG was more diligent. After all, they were the major shareholders. Reasonable requests were acceptable.

After that, IDG made another request: accept a financial audit every six months. At that time, the audit would be carried out by an internationally renowned audit company appointed by IDG.

IDG had so many requirements for the finance department, which also showed that they did not trust Lu Yunhao enough. They were afraid that he would spend money recklessly, and secondly, they were afraid that he would mess around with money.

In fact, the reason why many venture capital investment projects failed was because the people they invested in were not reliable. It was also common to see dirty money from the investments they received.

For example, a person tricked an investment of 10 million RMB, and then rented an office building that cost 600,000 RMB a year. In the end, he engaged in under-the-table operations with others. The company paid 600,000 RMB a year, and maybe 200,000 RMB went into his own pocket.

In addition, the company needed to spend hundreds of thousands to renovate the business space. He could directly assign the renovation work to friends and family, and further fill his own pocket.

As for the larger business outsourcing, marketing, and operating expenses, there were even more potholes. It was very likely that 10 million was invested in him to do something, and before he could do anything, five million went into his own pocket.

Therefore, IDG decided to strictly guard against Lu Yunhao financially, to let him know that this money was invested in this project, and not him.

Lu Yunhao didn't care about this. He was indeed hot-blooded and wanted to do something big, so he decided to work hard no matter what. If he succeeded, it would naturally be a happy ending. If he failed, then he would find a way to compensate himself.

After all, it was an investment of nearly 200 million. It was too easy to get some money out of it, and it was impossible to guard against it.

Therefore, Lu Yunhao accepted all these financial requirements.

Then, the discussion entered the specific business scope.

Lu Yunhao wanted to immediately set up a development team, and the technical core of the team would be found by IDG. At that time, Lu Yunhao would immediately lead the team to develop his own food delivery platform, set up a payment channel, and set up a delivery team.

In order to compete with Li Mu, Wall Street found six technical backbones from the high-tech companies they invested in. Two of them were Chinese, and they specially went to Shanghai from the United States to solve the technical problems for Lu Yunhao.

At the same time, IDG Capital had already begun to connect with the banks, and was ready to help Lu Yunhao open up an online payment channel.

The rest was up to Lu Yunhao himself to organize and take care of it.

Two days later, Lu Yunhao signed an acquisition agreement with a company called Shanghai Zhonghui Technology Development Co., Ltd.

Lu Yunhao used 200,000 RMB to buy all the shares of the company. The company had a history of five years. Although there was not much money in the account, and the fixed assets were almost liquidated, and the registered address was rented, the company had no record of violation in the past five years. The financial statements were also very clear and transparent. It was a very clean shell company. In addition, there were some small qualifications in the hands, so the money spent was worth it.

After signing the agreement, Lu Yunhao immediately began to set up the company's structure.

He first entrusted a third-party company to help him go through the change process. He wanted to change the Shanghai company from the other party's hands to his own name, and he would become the company's legal person. At the same time, the equity structure would be adjusted. He would hold 20% of the shares, and IDG would hold 80% of the shares in a shell company in Hua Xia. Once the change was completed, the equivalent of 10 million USD would immediately be transferred into the company's account.

At the same time, IDG began to help him register an offshore company in the Cayman Islands. Once the company's registration was completed, the offshore company in the Cayman Islands would fully control Zhonghui Technology. At the same time, the other 10 million USD from IDG would also be transferred into the offshore company's account as a backup.

On the third day, Lu Yunhao had already begun to look for an office space in Shanghai.

He found a 500 square meter office space by the river a little further away from the Bund. Of course, it was not big compared to IDG's headquarters, but if it was used, it could at least seat about a hundred people, at least enough to meet the company's needs for a year.

In fact, Lu Yunhao's idea was to rent an 800 or 900 square meter area near the city center. It would be best if it was like IDG's headquarters, near the Bund, and then get himself a bigger, more imposing office.

Anyway, he had nearly 200 million USD in investment. Renting a 2000 square meter area and decorating it was nothing.

At the thought of himself sitting in such an imposing office and giving instructions to his subordinates, Lu Yunhao felt the blood in his body burning.

However, IDG's Fang Ping extinguished his idea. Fang Ping reminded him that although he had nearly 200 million USD in his hands at this stage, he must make good financial arrangements.

The food delivery platform was a relatively heavy business model. Just the future marketing and promotion alone would cost a lot of money. This thing was simply a bottomless pit. What's more, to build a delivery team of thousands of people, the cost behind this was even more frightening.

Therefore, even if he had one or two hundred million USD, Lu Yunhao still had to tighten his belt to live.

This made Lu Yunhao very disappointed.

Countless times, he imagined himself sitting in the same office as Fang Ping, looking imposing. Just thinking about it, he knew that it must be very handsome.

However, the first dream was blocked outside the door by Fang Ping.

In desperation, he chose this slightly remote and overall relatively ordinary office space. Even so, he still forcibly planned out an office of about 40 square meters by the river for himself.

Although it was a little shabby, it was still better than nothing.

…

Li Mu received the news on the fourth day.

The business and public relations team of Makino Technology had long established a relatively powerful information network in the country. They were very close to every move in the industry.

Li Mu also asked them to keep a close eye on a few big capital companies, asking them to understand every project that they had invested in, were investing in, and would invest in.

In fact, when a company developed to the scale of Makino Technology, it was necessary to monitor the behavior of the entire industry.

In his previous life, Ah Li Tengxun had always maintained an extremely high sensitivity. This was also why both sides could always fight in areas that no one was good at.

If you were doing a Didi, then I would quickly do a Fast Didi. If you were close to Meituan, then I would quickly buy a Hungry Meituan. If you were doing Ah Liyun, then I would quickly start a Tengxun Cloud. If you had Taobao Tmall, then I would quickly invest in Jingdong and Pinduoduo.

If a top company wanted to maintain its position, it not only had to rely on strength, but it also had to rely on diligence and the ever-present sense of crisis.

When Li Mu was listening to the report from his subordinates, he was suddenly surprised when he heard Lu Yunhao's name.

Oh my, isn't this the famous Old Lu in the future?

From what he remembered, this brother did not start his own business so early!

Moreover, how did he get involved with IDG?

And he was preparing to start a food delivery platform to compete with me head-on?

Did IDG's brain get squeezed by the door?

Investing money in this brother, are you complaining about money biting your hands?