Chapter 900

When Zhao Ziqiu, Han Xiaoxiao, and Wang Yanan arrived at the roadside barbecue stall, Li Mu's five roommates had already been waiting for a long time.

As soon as the three girls arrived, the five men hurriedly stood up to make room for them. However, even as Li Yawei stood up to make room for his girlfriends, he continued to ramble on to his other buddies, "Haven't you noticed?

Now that so many domestic media outlets are competing to report on how awesome YY is overseas, the netizens have already f * cking exploded. Go to all the major websites and read the comments under the news related to Mu Ge. The netizens have directly regarded Mu Ge as our Hua Xia's national hero! "

Li Yawei spoke in high spirits. Coupled with that serious expression, his charisma was extraordinary. The Yanjing people's ability to talk, or rather, to make jokes, was completely displayed by him.

The other buddies nodded one after another. Sun Jian added, "You're looking at the internet, I'm looking at TV and newspapers. My god, I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that all the newspapers, including the Legal Daily News, are putting YY on the front page. This is really too awesome!"

The youngest Liu Nian said, "Recently, I was tutoring a young man who had just entered his third year of high school. When his family found out that I was from the National People's Congress, they immediately asked me if I knew Mu Ge. I told them that Mu Ge and I were roommates, but they couldn't believe it. Later, I asked them to look at the news that was reported on 3321 that year, and they finally recognized me. You guys don't know, but the young man's parents are really passionate about me. They insisted on taking me in as their godson, but I didn't agree, so they asked their son to recognize me as his godson …"

Xue Jianfeng laughed and teased Liu Nian, "Next time, don't tutor young men. Find a girl. Who knows, if she's happy, she might marry her to you. Wouldn't you be rich and beautiful?"

Liu Nian blushed and said, "Brother Feng, don't talk nonsense. I don't tutor girls, I get nervous …"

Sun Jian laughed and scolded, "What are you so nervous about? If you're nervous about tutoring a high school girl, how are you going to pick up girls in school in the future?"

After Han Xiaoxiao sat down, she smiled and said, "Don't look at Liu Nian in the same old way. Can't you see that his face is red?"

Li Yawei took over the conversation and said with a smile, "That's right, that's right. Liu Nian's skin is the thinnest. You two are the oldest, so don't make fun of him."

Then, Li Yawei continued, "I heard today that when the school leaders were lecturing the freshmen, they said that on the 20th, Mu Ge will be coming back to give a speech to the freshmen."

"Is that so?" Sun Jian counted with his fingers and said, "It's only a few days, will Li Mu be able to come?"

Li Yawei said, "He should be coming. He must have promised the school leaders. Otherwise, the school leaders wouldn't have made such a promise."

Xue Jianfeng said, "Then when he comes back to school, we have to invite him for a meal no matter what. Otherwise, I'm afraid that we won't be able to see him for the rest of our lives. He won't have the time to care about us in the future."

Zhao Ziqiu saw that Xue Jianfeng didn't seem to be joking, so she hurriedly helped Li Mu and explained, "Jianfeng, don't talk nonsense. Li Mu must be too busy right now. That's why he doesn't have the time to look for you guys. You should know from the news that he has to take care of a lot of things by himself. Even Bill Gates might not be as busy as him."

Sun Jian nodded and said, "That's true. Li Mu must be extremely busy right now. That's understandable. He's doing something big, something that brings glory to the country."

After saying that, Sun Jian looked at Zhao Ziqiu and asked her, "Ziqiu, you must be in contact with Li Mu more than us. Did he tell you about coming back to school to give a speech?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head shyly and said against her will, "I don't talk to him often …"

After all, in the eyes of Li Mu's roommates, Li Mu's real girlfriend was their school's Su Yingxue. As for her relationship with Li Mu, even her classmates didn't know about it.

The only one who knew was Wang Yanan. When her mother was seriously ill, she and Li Mu slept in each other's arms at her house. Other than her, no one else knew about their relationship.

Han Xiaoxiao said, "You guys, if you want to talk to Li Mu, just give him a call. Just call him and ask if he has time to come out for a meal. Even if he really doesn't have time to come out for a meal with you guys, he should have time to answer the phone, right?"

As soon as she said that, everyone in the dorm looked at each other. That was reasonable, but who would have the nerve to call Li Mu?

It would be fine if they couldn't get through, but if they didn't answer, they would feel bad and embarrassed. Moreover, if they really answered, what would they talk about?

What could they talk about that would allow them to chat on the same channel as a billionaire?

These were all problems.

Han Xiaoxiao sighed helplessly. Coincidentally, the owner of the food stall had finished grilling a batch of meat skewers and brought them over with two metal plates. Han Xiaoxiao changed the topic and said, "Sigh, forget it. Let's hurry up and eat something. I'm starving."

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly said, "Erm, why don't we wait a little longer?"

Han Xiaoxiao was about to reach for the skewers when she heard Zhao Ziqiu's words. She couldn't help but ask her, "What are we waiting for? Meat skewers are the best when they're freshly grilled. When they get cold, the fat won't taste good anymore."

Zhao Ziqiu thought to herself, Li Mu just said that he would come as soon as he finished his work, but it had already been more than half an hour. Why wasn't he here yet?

However, when she said that they would wait a little longer, it was completely out of reflex. Now that Han Xiaoxiao asked, she felt that it was better not to say it in advance. At least when Li Mu arrived, they would be able to give them a little surprise.

Thus, Zhao Ziqiu giggled and said to Han Xiaoxiao, "It's nothing. I just saw how greedy you were, so I purposely shook you a little."

Han Xiaoxiao rolled her eyes at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "I've been starving for a long time. Comrades, let's eat while it's hot."

Sun Jian picked up the beer mug on the table and said to his roommates, "Come, come, come. Let's have a toast first."

Li Yawei picked up the mug of beer and said, "Six heroes of Dorm 606, Mu Ge is absent today, but it's okay. We'll treat it as if he's here. Come, brothers, let's have a toast!"

After saying that, Li Yawei picked up the mug of beer. Suddenly, a figure wearing a mask took a plastic stool and sat down in the space next to him. This sudden appearance startled everyone. What was going on?

Why was a stranger suddenly sitting on their table?

Just when everyone was surprised, the man who had just sat down took off his mask and said to everyone with a smile, "Who said I was absent?"

Zhao Ziqiu covered her mouth and snickered. The boy who suddenly appeared diagonally opposite was none other than Li Mu!

Seeing the naughty smile on Li Mu's face, from the side of his face, his facial features were charming and angular. Not only was he handsome, but he was also handsome to the point of being manly. Her heart felt as if it had eaten honey.

The others were shocked and looked at Li Mu with their mouths agape. In the first three minutes, the boys could only say, "F * ck me, f * ck me," and seemed to be unable to say anything else.

Li Yawei was the first to return to her senses. Looking at Li Mu beside her, she exclaimed in joy, "Mu Ge, why are you … Oh my god, wife, quickly pinch me to see if I'm dreaming."

Han Xiaoxiao reached out and pinched the inside of his thigh, causing Li Yawei to almost jump up. He couldn't help but complain, "Oh my god, you really pinched me!"

"Of course, didn't you ask for it?"

"Even if I asked for it, you can't be so forceful …"

At this time, Li Mu said, "You're a man, how can you lose a piece of meat if I pinch you?

Didn't you say you wanted to drink?

Come, open a bottle of beer for me. I'll go with you guys. "

Li Yawei forgot about the pain and hurriedly opened a bottle of beer for Li Mu. Then, she called the boss to bring a glass over.

Fortunately, the sky was dark and the boss didn't pay too much attention. Otherwise, when he saw Li Mu and combined it with the news he had seen today, he would probably be shocked by the billionaire Li Mu.

The other guys were also surprised and picked up their glasses one after another. Without saying anything, they went with Li Mu.

After drinking a big glass of beer, everyone started chatting. Sun Jian asked Li Mu in surprise, "Why are you here?

We didn't inform you. "

Li Mu looked at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "Ziqiu sent me a text saying that you guys were talking bad about me behind my back. When I saw the text, how could I take it?

Then, I rushed over. "

Sun Jian hurriedly said, "We didn't say anything bad about you."

Zhao Ziqiu also smiled and said, "Don't talk nonsense. Otherwise, they will misunderstand me."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, okay. I'm not joking. Ziqiu said she wanted to eat with you guys. When I heard that you guys didn't invite me to the gathering, I asked for the address and came over."

Sun Jian said, "It's not that we didn't invite you, but we were afraid that you would be too busy to eat with us."

Li Mu said, "Busy is busy and eating is eating. We don't affect each other much. No matter how busy we are, we still have to eat, right?

Moreover, I really want to drink and eat with you guys. It's just that I've been really busy lately. It's been so many days since school started, so I don't have time to invite you guys for a meal. "

Xue Jianfeng said, "Li Mu, your reputation in the country has been like the sun in the sky recently. We've been paying attention to all the news about you. There's nothing else but one word to say to you: awesome!

You're really too f * cking awesome!

You've not only made us proud, you've made the National People's Congress proud, you've even made the whole of Hua Xia proud. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "We're brothers. Why do we have to be so fake?

Who cares if we're awesome or not? When we sit here and raise our glasses, we're just good brothers. I'm me. I'm your brother, your roommate, and your classmate. "

Li Mu didn't want them to draw a line with him in their hearts or think too highly of him. If that was the case, it would be really difficult for them to eat, drink, and be merry like before.