Chapter 1004

Li Mu was not a leader who liked to practice personal worship in the company, but Makino Technology had become an enterprise that carried out personal worship to the end.

For nearly a thousand employees of Makino Technology, Li Mu was almost a god-like existence in their eyes. Most of the time, he did not even need to speak or incite them. As long as his name was mentioned, the employees would feel full of excitement.

Few enterprises could clearly make their employees realize that they were the most powerful existence in this field. Makino Technology had done it. In most other industries, the gap between the top companies was very small. In order to compete for the first place, there would often be a war of words. However, in the Internet industry of Hua Xia, Makino Technology was the most powerful existence in terms of valuation, products, and influence. Even Taobao could not catch up to it, let alone other enterprises.

At this moment, at the scene of this farewell ceremony, everyone was motivated by the speeches of Kong Lingyu and other team leaders. The expeditionary force was about to set off and was about to go to the battlefield that the Internet industry of Hua Xia had never been to before. This was a historic moment. At this time, what they needed the most was the instructions of the supreme commander that they regarded as their idol. Even if he just stood up and shouted "go" to everyone, it would give everyone great encouragement and encouragement.

Li Mu went on stage amidst the fierce applause from the audience. The applause even completely overshadowed the loud noise made by the turbofan engine of the passenger plane in the distance.

At this moment, Li Mu was also very excited. Below the stage, there were hundreds of employees of Makino Technology. Behind them were hundreds of media reporters with long and short lenses. Further behind them, the flight crew and ground service staff of Air China stood in a row in beautiful uniforms. Behind them was Li Mu's favorite Boeing 747. Looking back, there was a clear and incomparably blue sky …

The sky was beautiful. Everything in front of him was so perfect, so perfect that it was impeccable. It was particularly exciting.

The excited Li Mu stood in front of the microphone and took a deep breath. Then he said very seriously, "Today is a historic day for Makino Technology. I believe it is also a historic day for the entire Internet industry of Hua Xia."

"From the day Makino Technology was founded until now, today is the most exciting and most nerve-wracking day for me."

"Today, we are here to bid farewell to our 96 colleagues who are about to set off for the United States. In the next few months, they will be on the other side of the world, working hard for our common goal, for the development of our company, and for the influence of the Internet industry of Hua Xia in the world. Here, on behalf of all the employees of Makino Technology, I wish you all a safe journey on the long journey ahead. I wish you all better results in the United States, let the United States understand Makino Technology, let the world understand Makino Technology, let our products be popularized in the United States, and then blossom and bear fruit all over the world!"

Li Mu's impassioned speech made the blood of all the employees of Makino Technology boil. As soon as he finished speaking, thunderous applause suddenly sounded.

After a while, Li Mu motioned for everyone to stop applauding and said in a sentimental tone, "Our motherland is a great country. It has given birth to the civilization of Hua Xia, which has been destroyed for 5,000 years. It has given birth to countless celebrities, inventions, academics, and cultures that have influenced the world. But it is undeniable that we are still a developing China. In modern society, the competition between countries is not only a competition of culture, history, and accumulation, but also a competition of comprehensive national strength in agriculture, industry, high-tech, and other aspects."

"Hua Xia's Internet industry started not late, but it has been unable to get rid of two shackles. First, it has not been able to get rid of overseas capital; second, it has not been able to get rid of the local market."

"There are certain special reasons for overseas capital. On the one hand, we lack the understanding and confidence in the Internet industry. On the other hand, our local market has not developed a market environment suitable for the operation of modern venture capital, so domestic Internet companies can only get overseas investment. In addition, the rules of the local stock market are not suitable for the growth of Internet companies. It is precisely because of these reasons that Hua Xia's Internet industry can only develop with overseas money and cannot get rid of overseas capital. This is understandable."

"However, it is really sad that we can't get rid of the local market. Our Internet industry has been developing for many years. Over the years, we have given birth to many Internet companies that can be listed on NASDAQ. But the biggest regret is that none of us can really go out of the local market, and none of us can bring our products to the world stage. Even Makino Technology is still quite far from this goal."

"However, what makes me feel gratified and proud is that no matter how far we are from this goal, we are finally taking this substantial step forward today. From today onwards, we will send our employees overseas, send our products overseas, and send our business cards, our ideas, and our values overseas."

"This task is not only about the development of Makino Technology, but also about the development of the entire Internet industry and the vision of Hua Xia. So, I would like to thank our 96 colleagues who are about to leave for the United States. Thank you for your decision and contribution. At the same time, I look forward to you creating a good image of outstanding strength, advanced thinking, fearlessness, and courage for the Internet industry in Hua Xia in the United States and on the world stage!"

Everyone could hear the subtext of Li Mu's words, which was national pride. He magnified the pursuit and ideal of every Makino Technology employee, so that their pursuit and ideal were no longer limited to individuals or enterprises, but rose to the level of the whole industry and even the whole nation. Just like the Olympic athletes, they not only carried personal achievements, fame, and money, but also carried the international image of Hua Xia sports and even the international image of the entire Hua Xia nation.

When they thought of the whole industry and even the whole nation, the blood in the bodies of every Makino Technology employee seemed to be burning.

They felt like recruits who had been completely mobilized before the war. In the face of a strange battlefield, there was only one impulsive thought in their minds: "Hurry up and let me go to the front line!"

The atmosphere in the audience reached an unprecedented peak. Not only were the employees of Makino Technology applauding, but even the media reporters and the crew members standing in front of the Boeing 747 were applauding involuntarily.

They had undertaken various charter missions for major events, whether it was to send athletes overseas to participate in international competitions, to send domestic performance groups to perform overseas, or to send officials overseas for visits. They had experienced too many of such highly provocative scenes, but today they were still moved by Li Mu's speech. The reason was that every word of Li Mu revealed a deep sense of industry mission and national mission.

To be able to do this was very admirable in itself. What's more, everyone knew that what he said was not empty talk.

At this time, Li Mu said emotionally, "Since the founding of the United States, there have been countless Chinese people who have set foot on the territory of the United States to reclaim their careers and ideals. Generation after generation, the Chinese people have gone from being discriminated at the beginning to making a name for themselves in various industries. They have been accepted and admired by the world. Now, finally, there is a new generation of unprecedented Chinese people, the new generation of Hua Xia Internet people. It is you!

And this time, you are going to the United States to reclaim the Internet dream of Hua Xia people! "

Everyone in the audience looked at Li Mu attentively. This time, no one applauded or cheered. Everyone looked at Li Mu silently. Those who were close to him could even see the moist light flashing in Li Mu's eyes.

At this point, Li Mu adjusted his emotions a little and said very seriously and solemnly, "I feel that I have already planted a seed of Hua Xia in the United States, and even in the entire world's Internet market. But it is only a seed. Without the help and care of the gardener, even if it breaks out of the ground, it will be difficult for it to really grow. So, you are the gardener of this seed. What you need to do is to reclaim the hot land, let the seed take root there, germinate there, and grow into a towering tree there!"

The deafening applause exploded. The atmosphere at the scene was so enthusiastic that it was a little out of control.

In the end, Li Mu's emotions were also a little out of control. He said in an unusually excited voice, "Last of all, I will borrow a famous French phrase as my last encouragement and expectation to everyone!"

At this point, Li Mu paused and took a deep breath. He said excitedly, "Veni, Vedi,

Vedi，

Vici！

It means: I come!

I see!

I conquer! "

I come, I see, I conquer!

These seven words represented three different stages.

Everyone who was sent to the frontline had "come" and "seen", but only the final winner was worthy of the word "conquer". This was also the expectation that Li Mu gave to these employees who were going to the United States. Going to the United States and seeing the United States were the process that they had to put in effort. Their ultimate goal was to conquer the entire United States market, and even the entire overseas market!

These seven words made the atmosphere at the scene reach its peak. The thunderous applause almost rang through the entire capital airport.