Chapter 87

When the netizens attacked Guo Lin, Li Mu and Zhao Kang had been watching calmly from the sidelines until Zhao Kang received feedback from the netizens that someone had begun to delete the posts.

Zhao Kang checked and found that some posts had indeed been deleted. Some of them were big posts that had hundreds or even thousands of comments. Zhao Kang was annoyed that they had been deleted just like that.

Li Mu then gave him an idea.

In the future, Baidu's Tieba would often be flooded. That was, the speed at which netizens posted was far faster than the speed at which the administrator could delete the posts. As a result, the entire Tieba was flooded, and even the administrator could do nothing about it.

Anyway, the method of operation was the same. Why not imitate it and flood the forum with deleted posts?

At the same time, they could expose the other party's deletion of posts to the netizens in the chatroom, which was a place for instant comments, and appeal to the netizens to flood the forum.

The more Zhao Kang listened, the more excited he became. In the end, he slapped his thigh and said excitedly, "I understand. Just wait and see. I'll kill them!"

At seven o 'clock in the evening, the Haizhou local forum "Happiness in Haizhou" was flooded by tens of thousands of accounts.

Some of them were the Internet Water Army controlled by Zhao Kang, and a considerable number were enthusiastic netizens who had been appealed to by the Internet Water Army in the major chatrooms.

The rich used money to break the rules, which had always been one of the most likely causes of public anger.

The founder of "Happiness in Haizhou" was named Xie Fei. He had learned some programming in his spare time, bought a set of code, and set up such a local forum. After running it for half a year, it was one of the largest forums in Haizhou. Occasionally, a few restaurants and shops would cooperate with him to do small advertisements, which gave him a relatively stable income. At the same time, he would often organize netizens to organize offline activities to earn some organization funds.

Because of the good offline activities, many local netizens liked the forum very much. With this forum, Xie Fei earned about 3,000 yuan a month, which was considered very good in Haizhou.

However, today, Xie Fei made a decision that he had regretted for a long time. When a stranger came to him with 5,000 yuan and asked him to delete some posts that exposed Guo Lin on the forum, 5,000 yuan was a big temptation for him, so he agreed.

Then, it aroused public anger.

When countless netizens flooded every section of the forum, Xie Fei was so nervous that his palms were sweating non-stop. In every post, Guo Lin's crimes were copied and pasted, and at the same time, they were also insulting him for taking money to delete the posts.

Xie Fei couldn't delete all the posts, so he blocked a few IPs. This made the public even angrier. Some netizens who had their IPs blocked at home didn't know how to use the proxy, so they went to the internet cafe to scold him. In the end, Xie Fei had no choice but to temporarily close the forum.

Although his world was much quieter after he closed the forum, he knew that he had offended the netizens this time. When the wave of netizens passed and the forum reopened, he didn't know how many people would be left.

The allusion of killing the goose that laid the golden eggs was actually referring to himself.

The netizens who took the initiative to participate in the battle felt the joy of victory when Happiness in Haizhou was forced to close down after being bombarded by a large number of netizens. As a result, the other forums didn't dare to delete the posts anymore after seeing this scene. They didn't want to ruin their jobs for a little money to delete posts. Now that Happiness in Haizhou was closed, it was the best time for them to attract users.

Therefore, a forum called 'Home of Haizhou' began to highlight and top the posts that exposed Guo Lin. Their attitude was completely different from Xie Fei's, and it immediately attracted a large number of netizens to visit and leave comments, praising their actions.

Guo Lin was completely flustered now.

Li Mu was in a good mood. He called his dad and asked about their training in Wen City.

His dad said that the training was very interesting. They learned a lot of new things and got to know a lot of friends who were training with them.

Li Mu asked him if he had heard about Guo Lin. His dad said that he had heard a little about it. His old colleague gave him a call and seemed very happy talking about it.

Then, his dad asked Li Mu how he was doing recently. Li Mu naturally said that everything was fine.

After that, he talked to his mom for a while and listened to her nagging and reminders patiently. Then, Li Mu hung up the phone.

It seemed that Guo Lin didn't have the energy to plot against his dad during this period of time. However, Li Mu still lacked a sufficient sense of security.

Ever since his rebirth, although his mentality wasn't always like he was walking on thin ice, he was much more cautious than before. The road of life was long, and the longer the road, the more careful he had to be. Otherwise, any slight deviation could cause irreversible losses, especially to his family and friends.

For example, if it wasn't for Zhao Kang who got the news from his dad, he would still be in the dark about the conflict between him and Guo Yuhang.

It was possible that one day, he or his mother would receive a call from the police, telling them that his father was arrested on suspicion of theft.

In his rebirth, Li Mu didn't want his family to take any risks for him. He wanted to strangle all the dangers in the cradle.

Thinking of Guo Lin's family, Li Mu frowned. This was still not enough!

…

The three siblings of the Xue family became famous in Haizhou. After this incident was exposed on the Internet by the staff of the Education Bureau, the netizens were shocked by their arrogant behavior in the state organ. Even the police felt a lot of pressure.

Xue Guilan's eldest brother didn't do anything, so after being criticized and warned, he was released that night. The shrew sisters of the Xue family who did something were directly detained.

The next day, the results of Zhao Lina's injury were confirmed. There were many bruises and swelling all over her body. Her scalp was torn in many places, and there were many wounds on her face. Most importantly, she had a slight concussion. In the end, her injury was confirmed to be minor.

The police asked Zhao Lina if she would accept mediation, but Zhao Lina directly refused.

Zhao Lina knew that she couldn't stay in Hai Zhou anymore, but it didn't matter. She was not a native of Hai Zhou. She just went to school in Hai Zhou and met Guo Lin here. She had a bad reputation here, so she could just leave at the worst.

However, what she got from Guo Lin now was only a few hundred thousand yuan in cash and a house. The house was not worth much, and it was only worth a hundred thousand yuan. Now she was beaten by Guo Lin's wife, and the leaders of the Education Bureau were ashamed. If they pursued the matter, they would support her in disguise. Therefore, Zhao Lina was ready to take the opportunity to extort money from Guo Lin. If it went well, she could disappear from Haizhou after getting the money.

At the thought of Xue Guilan rushing to the Education Bureau to beat her, Zhao Lina gritted her teeth and thought to herself, "Let's forget about mediation. It's meaningless to pay eight or ten thousand yuan. Let Guo Lin name his own price!"

Zhao Lina refused to budge. There was no hope of mediation, and the leaders of the Education Bureau kept pressuring them. Finally, the police decided to detain the Xue sisters for five days. After five days, they could be released on bail and await trial. The rest would wait for the court session.

Guo Lin was dumbfounded. His son was hospitalized, his wife was detained, and his face had been scratched to a pulp. He even had to wear a mask when he went out. He was really f * cking unlucky. Most importantly, the matter between him and Zhao Lina had already spread to every corner of the city. He was not sure how he was going to resolve this crisis.

When he thought of the mysterious man who wanted to mess with him behind his back, Guo Lin couldn't help but shiver.

He had hidden Zhao Lina so well for three and a half years without any accident. Even his suspicious wife didn't find out about it. How did that person know about it?

He knew about Zhao Lina, but did he know anything else?

In the past, he used to mess with people by writing reports to the higher-ups. He had never seen such an overwhelming exposure on the Internet. It was too insidious.

Worried, he called his old leader, Han Lu. On the one hand, he asked if the higher-ups were concerned about it. On the other hand, he expressed his intention to transfer to the group as soon as the matter passed.

Han Lu didn't allow it. The Xiling Coal Mine was about to go bankrupt, which meant that a huge amount of national wealth would be lost. Han Lu regarded this as the last chance he could get before his retirement. For this chance, he not only had Guo Lin but also had other people working in the dark. Once he got the money, he would be willing to let Guo Lin retire in the group.

Therefore, he repeatedly told Guo Lin that he would help the leaders of the group. As long as Guo Lin gritted his teeth and got through this, it wouldn't matter even if all the people in Haizhou wanted him to have sex with female college students. As long as the leaders of the group didn't say anything, he could continue to sit in the position of the Xiling Coal Mine. Moreover, even if the leaders said something, he would mediate. When the time came, he would circulate a notice of criticism for his improper lifestyle in the group.

After hearing this, Guo Lin said anxiously, "Old leader, it's obvious that someone is trying to mess with me now. I'm afraid that he has other plans …"

Han Lu's tone was serious. "I'll make sure that you don't lose your position as the mine manager during this period. You better keep your tail between your legs and don't let anyone get hold of you. If you dare to cause trouble again, you'll have to deal with it yourself!"

Guo Lin sighed. "The chair I'm sitting on is burning red now. It's so hot!"

Han Lu said coldly, "Even if it's full of nails, you still have to sit!"

Guo Lin was in a terrible situation. He could only obey the old leader's instructions. Naturally, the old leader wouldn't just stand by and watch.

…

After Xue Guilan was detained, Zhao Kang quickly sent a message to Li Mu: Guo Lin had given up on the plan to frame his father.

Zhao Kang's father specially invited Chen Hailong, the leader of the surveying team, to a drink. Chen Hailong said that Guo Lin had called him specifically to tell him to keep the plan to frame Li Daoping to himself and not let anyone know.

Chen Hailong directly asked Guo Lin if he had completely given up on the plan, and Guo Lin gave him an affirmative answer.

Guo Lin really didn't have the energy to deal with this matter anymore. Moreover, the old leader had also told him not to cause any more trouble, so he didn't dare to take revenge on Li Daoping.

In the secret battle with Guo Lin, Li Mu had achieved a stage victory, and his mood was a lot more relaxed for the time being. However, Li Mu still felt that this secret battle was far from over. Guo Lin had only given up on taking revenge on him, but for Li Mu, this was far from enough.

In the depths of Li Mu's heart, the only thought he had was to bring Guo Lin down completely!

An 18-year-old prospective university student wanting to bring down a state-owned coal mine manager was no different from an ant trying to shake a tree. However, Li Mu didn't think so. He felt that this goal wasn't impossible.