Chapter 804

Under the comfort and persuasion of Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang gradually adjusted her mentality and had a cervical scraping examination at Peking Union Hospital.

According to the doctor, the results of the examination would come out in three days at the earliest. Dong Ai left her phone number with the doctor and begged her to contact her as soon as there was any news.

Because of this accident, Zhang Guorong and Dong Ai accompanied Mei Yanfang to the hospital for a whole day, from morning to evening.

Li Mu had already booked dinner for tonight, and Lin Ching-ah had also booked a restaurant for him in advance. Zhang Guorong was worried about Mei Yanfang's mood, so she tentatively said to her, "If you are tired or not in the mood to eat, we can explain the situation to Li Mu and see if we can change the time."

Mei Yanfang hurriedly said, "I'm fine. I have to go to this dinner. I want to thank Mr. Li in person."

Zhang Guorong saw that her expression was firm, and she was no longer in pain like before, so she gently nodded and said with a smile, "Sister Fang just called me and said that she has already got off the plane and is on her way to the restaurant. She will also attend the dinner tonight."

Mei Yanfang nodded. She knew that the sister Fang he mentioned referred to the president of the Seedling Protection Fund, Xiao Fangfang. She asked him, "Sister Fang came all the way here to thank Mr. Li?"

"Yes."

Zhang Guorong said, "The online charity auction that Li Mu held for the Seedling Protection Fund sold more than 28 million yuan. Sister Fang was very excited, so she took the initiative to come to thank him."

Mei Yanfang praised, "That's amazing. More than 20 million yuan is close to 30 million yuan. It's enough to solve all the financial problems that the Seedling Protection Fund has encountered."

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "Sister Fang wants to use more than half of the money to set up a Seedling Protection Fund in the mainland. I have already promised her to continue to be the Seedling Protection Ambassador and help her promote in the mainland."

Mei Yanfang said, "Being the ambassador of two charity funds in the mainland, are you not going back to Hong Kong?"

Zhang Guorong sighed and said emotionally, "Why do you think I'm going back to Hong Kong now?

I don't want to work anymore. I don't want to do commercial movies and commercial music anymore. although the development of the mainland is not as developed as Hong Kong, I think the people here are much friendlier. and I like the environment of Erhai very much. I want to take a few years to live there for a long time and completely relax. "

Speaking of this, Zhang Guorong paused, as if she had made a huge decision, and said to Mei Mei Yanfang seriously, "I am not going back to the entertainment industry in Hong Kong in the future."

Mei Yanfang was slightly surprised and asked her, "You have decided?"

Zhang Guorong smiled indifferently and said, "I have always wanted to leave, but I couldn't make up my mind. But now I have decided that I will not go back to that industry in the future. I will live by Erhai. If there is a good song in the future, I can record it and directly publish it online for my fans to listen to for free. If there is a good movie that I am interested in, I can also take it for free. But I will only act and not participate in any publicity. I will do everything according to my heart and not pursue fame or fortune. In this way, I believe that I will also be happier."

Mei Yanfang was silent for a long time, and then a smile appeared on her face. She said, "If my illness is diagnosed, after the treatment, I will go to Erhai to accompany you. We will live like wild cranes and we will not get involved in the entertainment industry anymore."

Zhang Guorong reached out to hug Mei Yanfang and said with a smile, "If you can really accept it, then I will really welcome you. Let me tell you, recently I have been thinking of buying a piece of land by Erhai and building a villa that is half on the shore and half on the water. When the time comes, I will leave a whole floor for you!"

…

Before Li Mu left for the restaurant, he specially called Lin Ching-ah to accompany him. She had helped him to entertain Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang yesterday, so she was relatively familiar with the two of them. He could use tonight's dinner to deepen their relationship. In addition, Li Mu also wanted to ask her about Chen Tong's new job today.

Since Makino Technology happened to be on the way to the restaurant, Li Mu asked Wang Yuanlang to drive him to Makino Technology to pick up Lin Ching-ah first.

After Lin Ching-ah got in the car, Li Mu asked her, "Chen Tong came to register for the new job today?"

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Yes, he arrived at nine in the morning. I followed your instructions and gave him the position of content director, P8 level. He didn't have any objections, but he came to me once today and asked when you will come and arrange specific work for him."

Li Mu asked her, "How was Chen Tong's attitude?

Did he show any dissatisfaction or any other negative emotions? "

"No."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "He is quite humble. He didn't have any objections to any of the arrangements I made, and he signed the labor contract very quickly."

Li Mu was relieved and said with a smile, "It seems that his spirit has been dampened."

Then, Li Mu said, "Tomorrow, tell him that before I go to Makino Technology, his job is to study the celebrity Tieba forum. After I go to Makino Technology, I hope to hear his in-depth views on the celebrity Tieba forum."

"Okay, I will convey it to him tomorrow."

Li Mu asked again, "How is the progress of the recent recruitment?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "We have been working overtime over the weekend to interview people. Recently, we have poached a lot of technical and product-related talents from many domestic Internet companies. The overseas recruitment has also made a lot of progress. There are 12 people who have been confirmed to join. They are from Microsoft, Google, Oracle, Amazon, and other top Internet companies. Most of them are Chinese."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "We must give comprehensive care to high-end talents, especially those who are willing to give up the overseas environment to work in China. Not only can the company not let them down, but we must also give them better treatment than they expected. The Internet industry is the most likely industry for overseas talents to return to Hua Xia. We must set a good example."

A considerable number of talents who studied abroad hoped to be able to work overseas. Once they got a relatively good overseas job opportunity, most of them were unwilling to give up the overseas environment to return to China to develop. However, the Internet industry in Hua Xia was a special case. Because of the huge market space and the special and lagging nature of the market, a small number of overseas talents began to try to start a business in China since 2000. However, the large-scale return of overseas talents had to wait until the 2008 Olympic Games in Li Mu's previous life. At that time, the Internet industry in Hua Xia was booming, and many overseas talents began to re-examine the domestic environment.

It was still 2002, and the domestic Internet was still in chaos. Only Makino Technology and Taobao were the two signature companies that stood out. Therefore, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to do a good job in supporting the overseas talents after they returned to China. She must create an excellent employment environment for these returned talents to attract more overseas talents back to China.

Lin Ching-ah nodded solemnly and said, "I will work hard to do a good job in this part of the work. I will make Makino Technology the Internet company that can attract high-end talents in Hua Xia."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Speaking of attracting high-end talents, I have an idea."

After saying that, Li Mu paused for a moment and sorted out his thoughts. He then continued, "This year, Wanying will start construction of many buildings in the East Third Ring Road. I can take out a hundred or even more houses as Makino Technology's welfare houses, which are specifically provided to high-end technical talents and employees who have made great contributions to the development of Makino Technology. The specific benefits are reflected in two points. One is to purchase the houses at a price far lower than the market price. Another, we can start an internal financial service. Any employee who is qualified to purchase the welfare houses can apply for a ten-year interest-free loan. We can even implement zero down payment for special talents."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said with joy, "Li Zong, if we can really achieve this, then we will definitely be more attractive to high-end talents. For most people working in Beijing, the biggest problem and the problem they want to solve the most is the housing problem."

Lin Ching-ah was also very familiar with Wanying's situation. Wanying had seven pieces of land in Beijing. If all of them started construction, there would be at least tens of thousands of houses. The East Third Ring Road was developed very well and had convenient transportation. In the future, there would be no need to transfer between Line 10 and Zhongguancun. It would definitely be a perfect place to live. It shouldn't be a problem for Li Mu to coordinate hundreds of houses.

Li Mu said, "This is very easy to achieve. The houses will be completed by the next year at the latest. We can start the process in advance, and it can also be used to attract and motivate employees."

Then, Li Mu added, "However, there must be corresponding restrictions for the talents who enjoy this kind of treatment. If they are willing to accept our welfare houses, they must first sign a long-term contract with us for a few years. If the long-term contract period is not up, we can't give them the property rights. Also, if an employee wants to resign during the long-term contract period, then we have the right to buy back the property according to the original price of the welfare houses."

No matter how high-end a talent was, it was inevitable that he would ride a donkey to look for a horse. It was also inevitable that he would become a slave in the industry. An enterprise was not a country. It couldn't forcefully restrict and tie its employees. Therefore, it could only use benefits to lure them. The welfare houses were good treatment, but the property rights couldn't be given easily. Otherwise, it was very likely that there would be a situation where they would never return.

The situation that Li Mu wanted was to first use the right to live in the welfare houses as an attractive condition to tie the talents down. During the period of soft binding, as the housing prices in Beijing continued to rise, the cost of giving up would become higher and higher. Once the cost of giving up increased, the tightness of the soft binding would also increase. At that time, most of the talents would choose to stay in Makino Technology for the sake of housing.

Of course, the other supporting benefits of Li Mu would also continue to increase. He would never use the property to hold his employees hostage in terms of salary and benefits.

At this time, Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong, Taobao has already obtained the high-tech key demonstration enterprise title. Can our Makino Technology also get a similar title?

If the government's support is strong, private enterprises can also fight for a certain number of Beijing household registration quotas. If we can solve the problem of Beijing household registration for high-end talents, then we are basically invincible … "

.....