Chapter 118

"Li Mu, you're so handsome today."

"Yeah, I'm this handsome every day."

"Pfft!"

"Don't be so hasty. Tell me first, why didn't you go to your school's swimming pool and came here instead?"

Five hundred meters south of Renmin University, in an alley full of snacks on the side of the Third Ring Road, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu sat down in front of a barbecue stall. The two sat across from each other. Zhao Ziqiu's hair was still wet, which made her look even more attractive.

Zhao Ziqiu tilted her head and said to herself, "I've loved swimming since I was a child, and I still participated in professional training at the Hangzhou Swimming School until junior high. Later, I didn't want it to affect my studies."

At the mention of the Hangzhou Swimming School, Li Mu was convinced.

That place had produced many future Olympic champions, such as Sun Yang and Ye Shiwen. It was the cradle of Hua Xia's swimming talent.

"But you still haven't told me why you came to our school to swim."

Zhao Ziqiu raised her eyebrows and finally answered Li Mu's question. "I heard from Han Xiaoxiao that you have to exercise and swim every day after military training. Anyway, I swim every day, so it doesn't matter where I swim. I came to the National People's Congress to see you. If you don't know how to swim, I can be your part-time coach."

Li Mu nodded and didn't ask why she wanted to see him. Most of the time, it was better not to be too impatient about things between a man and a woman. It was better to be vague before you really understood it. If he was too straightforward, the problem would become extreme. Usually, there were only two choices — lovers or strangers.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't know what Li Mu was thinking about all of a sudden. At that moment, she was eating lamb skewers in small bites. Her thin lips were slightly oily, and she said with a hint of coquettishness, "I suddenly want to eat Liangpi. What should I do?"

Li Mu turned his head and saw a stall selling Liangpi and noodles next to him. He waved to the owner and said, "Boss, a bowl of Liangpi."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "You're so nice. Thank you."

"You're welcome. It's just three to five yuan."

Zhao Ziqiu rolled her eyes at Li Mu. "What a killjoy. It has nothing to do with money."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "I'm just teasing you."

While they were chatting, a few young men who were eating skewers and drinking at the next table kept staring at Zhao Ziqiu and pointing at her. A shirtless guy even said in a loud voice, "F * ck!

Look, such big breasts, they're f * cking exquisite! "

As soon as these words came out, Zhao Ziqiu felt uncomfortable as if she was sitting on pins and needles.

Li Mu turned his head and glanced at the people at the table. He sighed in his heart. Beauties were indeed the source of trouble, especially this kind of beautiful woman with a perfect figure. She was simply a natural troublemaker.

While sighing, Li Mu patted the seat next to him and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Sit here."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and moved to the seat next to Li Mu. With her back to the table of people drinking, she felt a little better.

"Don't take what they say to heart. Just treat them as your godson."

Zhao Ziqiu burst into laughter at once. She was really depressed and annoyed, but after hearing Li Mu's words, her negative emotions just now almost disappeared.

At this time, Li Mu waved at the owner of the Liangpi stall. "Boss, another bowl of noodles."

"Okay!"

The owner quickly brought a bowl of Liangpi and a stainless steel jar in his other hand. He put it in front of Li Mu and said, "I didn't dare to put chili in casually. You can add it yourself."

Li Mu nodded and thanked him. He asked, "How much is it in total?"

"12 yuan."

Li Mu took out 20 yuan. "Keep the change."

Then, Li Mu pushed the Liangpi in front of Zhao Ziqiu. "Eat it."

Zhao Ziqiu said coquettishly, "I can't eat so much. What should I do?"

"Eat as much as you can. I still have a bowl of noodles, but I might not be able to help you."

Zhao Ziqiu pouted. He had just eaten a few mouthfuls of the Liangpi in his bowl when the shirtless man at the table behind him swaggered to their table. He turned around and said to his five or six friends at the table, "Brothers, watch me!" After that, he sat opposite Zhao Ziqiu.

"Beauty, you're so beautiful!

I, Feng Sier, have been in this area for so many years. You're definitely the most beautiful and the best figure I've ever seen! "

Zhao Ziqiu was a little scared. Li Mu said lightly, "Sorry, we don't know you. Please don't sit here."

"It's none of your business. Shut up!"

The man obviously drank a lot. He squinted at Li Mu and gritted his teeth. Then, he put on a lascivious expression and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Beauty, I just bragged to my buddies that I can invite you to drink with us. My buddies are watching. You can't let me lose face in front of them, can you?"

Zhao Ziqiu blurted out, "I'm not going. Please go away …"

Li Mu didn't talk to him anymore. He reached out and shouted to the stall owner not far away, "Is the noodles ready?"

The stall owner pointed to the soup pot on the coal stove. "Soon, soon. It's almost ready!"

"Don't cook it. I like it raw. Bring it over now."

The stall owner immediately agreed. He picked up the bowl and filled it.

At this time, the man opposite Zhao Ziqiu glared at Li Mu and cursed, "Oh my f * ck!

Didn't you see your Master Si talking to the girl? What the f * ck are you shouting for?

If you f * cking talk too much, be careful that Fourth Master will slap you! "

Li Mu didn't say anything. He just looked at him coldly.

The man was anxious. He felt that Li Mu didn't look away from his eyes. He didn't take him seriously, so he slammed the table and said, "If you keep looking at me, I'll kill you right now!"

Just then, the stall owner brought the noodles over and put it in front of Li Mu. He quickly turned around and ran away.

Li Mu looked at the man opposite him and sneered. He asked, "Master Si, right?

Tell me, how do you want to solve today's matter? "

The man snorted and said, "I'm picking up a girl. It's none of your business if you don't talk. I just want this beauty to accompany us for a drink or two. You can leave after drinking. I won't make things difficult for you."

Zhao Ziqiu glanced at Li Mu and said in a low voice, "Why don't I accompany them for a drink or two? We'll leave after drinking."

She was afraid that Li Mu would fight with these people. These guys looked like gangsters, and judging from their accent, they were locals. If they really fought, Li Mu would definitely suffer a lot. What if something happened to him?

Li Mu said in a low voice, "If you hear me say run later, you'll run with me. Do you understand?"

Zhao Ziqiu saw that there were six or seven people on the other side. How could she run away?

But before she could react, Li Mu said to the man in front of him, "Master Si, right? We're all students of Yanjing University of Technology. Don't make things difficult for us for the sake of us."

The man on the other side suddenly exploded.

"Oh!

So what if you're a college student?

What? Do you think I've never gone to college? "

Li Mu took out a hundred yuan, folded it in half, and put it under the barbecue plate, revealing half of it. Then he said to the man calmly, "To be honest, there's nothing great about being a college student. It's not shameful not to have gone to college, but …"

Li Mu trailed off. The man frowned and asked, "But what?

Boy, I'll say this here. Think carefully before you say it. If you make me unhappy, I'll beat you up immediately! "

Li Mu sneered, "Then listen carefully."

As he spoke, Li Mu spread out his left hand. His fingers quietly hid on the side of the bowl of noodles, and his right hand hooked on the stainless steel jar filled with chili oil. Just when the man was waiting for Li Mu to say something, Li Mu said, "But you look like this, and you've never gone to college, yet you still want to date a college student. You're asking for a beating!"

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, the man didn't even have time to get angry. Li Mu suddenly raised his left hand and flipped over the bowl of noodles. The scalding noodles and soup splashed all over the man. He screamed and instinctively wanted to retreat, but he tripped his chair and fell to the ground with a bang. After falling to the ground, he didn't care about teaching Li Mu a lesson. He tried to sweep away the soup and noodles on his body like a madman while screaming.

When the people at the table behind him saw this, they wanted to see what was happening. Li Mu stood up, turned around, and threw the jar of chili oil at the people at the table with his right hand.

Those people had drunk alcohol to begin with, so their reactions were slower than normal people. They widened their eyes to see what had happened to their brother. In the end, a large jar of chili oil came flying at them. They didn't even have time to react. In an instant, they were slapped in the face by Li Mu. This caused cursing and wailing to ring out. Li Mu grabbed Zhao Ziqiu's hand and shouted in a low voice, "Run!"

Zhao Ziqiu was dumbfounded, but when she was pulled by Li Mu, she instinctively ran with him. Master Si, who fell to the ground, screamed because of the scalding. Although the soup only touched his body for a moment, it was still scalding and made several red patches on his body. He screamed in pain.

The people at the table didn't have it easy either. The chili oil was already very spicy. Their mouths would hurt if they ate too much, not to mention their faces and eyes. They all used beer to wash their faces and eyes. One of them was in so much pain that he accidentally flipped the table. They couldn't chase after Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu for a while.

Li Mu ran out of the alley with Zhao Ziqiu. After running less than 200 meters along the side road of the Third Ring Road, he saw a taxi with its headlights on. He hurriedly stopped the car and pushed Zhao Ziqiu into the back seat. He opened the door of the passenger seat and got in.

"Master, to Beijing University!"

The driver nodded. The car drove forward for 500 meters, turned right, and arrived at the main entrance of Beijing University in less than 10 minutes.

Li Mu paid the driver and got out of the car. Zhao Ziqiu still had a lingering fear. She pulled Li Mu's hand and said, "Let's go into the school quickly before they catch up."

"What are you thinking?"

Li Mu smiled. "They definitely can't catch up. Don't go to that alley again in the future."

Zhao Ziqiu calmed down and recalled the situation just now. If a guy was scalded by a bowl of noodles, he would probably be in a miserable state. He might even be sent to the hospital. As for the others, they would probably die of pain after being thrown by Li Mu's can of chili oil.

Carefully filtering the details just now in her mind, Zhao Ziqiu truly understood what it meant to think carefully. In fact, Li Mu had already prepared to make a move!

"When those people were talking about me at the dinner table, you asked the boss for a bowl of noodles. Did you already know what was going to happen at that time?"

Li Mu shook his head. "No, I was just worried, so I made some preparations in advance."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "That's the same thing."

Then, she asked, "You said that we are students of Beijing University of Technology. You did it on purpose, right?"

"Yes, if I didn't take advantage of them after the fight, it would be fine. If I did, they would definitely want to take revenge on us. So, I just randomly mentioned a school to divert their attention."

Zhao Ziqiu listened with a face full of admiration. "No wonder you secretly put 100 yuan on the table when you talked. You were afraid that you wouldn't have a chance to pay if they fought."

"It's not easy for people to run a small business. They can't eat and dash."

"Then you wasted a can of chili oil!"