Chapter 1433

Before Li Mu could visit Makino Technology's new office building in Silicon Valley, these big shots in Silicon Valley could not sit still anymore.

In less than an hour, the public relations department of Makino Technology's US branch received requests from more than a dozen CEOs. Among them was Larry Page, the founder of Google, whom Lin Ching-ah had yet to make an appointment with.

Makino Technology was now one of the world's top Internet companies, and it had a large number of users and strong promotion channels. This was a deep cooperation partner that all Internet companies dreamed of. Therefore, it was human nature for everyone to hope to deepen cooperation with Makino Technology.

Except for Larry Page, Li Mu did not respond to anyone else. For Li Mu, he did not want to find too many traffic partners now, which would be a bad overdraft for Makino Technology. For example, if a US e-commerce company wanted Makino Technology to guide its traffic, and Makino Technology agreed, it was almost equivalent to overdrafting the potential of Makino Technology in the US e-commerce industry in advance. Although the other party would definitely pay a certain promotion fee to Makino Technology, for Li Mu, that amount of money was completely insignificant to him.

This was also why Li Mu did not want to meet these people for the time being. He did not want to overdraft the many possibilities of Makino Technology in the future for a small profit. If he overdrafted and fattened others now, it would be several times more difficult to pull them back in the future. This was not a worthwhile deal.

Lin Ching-ah conveyed Li Mu's decision to meet with Larry Page, and asked Larry Page when he wanted to meet him. After Larry Page received the confirmation, he was overjoyed and proposed to Lin Ching-ah that it would be best to meet with Li Mu in the afternoon. After asking Li Mu, Lin Ching-ah officially replied to him and set the meeting time at three o 'clock in the afternoon.

Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah, "Why do you think Larry Page is so anxious to meet me?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Most likely he wants to divert traffic from our YY and YY websites to Google search.

We do not do search engines, and Google knows this very well. "

Li Mu nodded and praised, "You are right. Larry Page's biggest goal must be traffic cooperation. I am afraid he is a little nervous now."

"Why?" Lin Ching-ah looked puzzled.

Li Mu said, "Yahoo has always wanted to do their own search engine. It is only a matter of time before they abandon Google. Now Yahoo has a high market share. If they really announce that they will abandon Google, it will be a great loss for Google. Not only will they lose a large number of users, but they will also gain a competitor.

Lin Qingya asked, "Do you think that Yahoo can compete with Google as a search engine?"

Li Mu said, "It should not be a problem if they started two or three years earlier. If they start now, it will be too late, and they will not be able to catch up."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Based on what you said, Yahoo's impact on Google should not be too big."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The market's reaction is always extreme. Just like stock prices, when there is bad news, it will usually fall, and then slowly recover. So, if Yahoo officially announces that they want to do their own search engine, it will have a big impact on Google in the short term. Google will need some time to recover. Also, Google will be considering an IPO next year, and Larry Page will definitely try his best to increase the market's recognition of Google before the IPO."

Lin Ching-ah asked again, "Then, are you going to work with him?"

Li Mu said, "It depends on how urgent his needs are. If his needs are urgent, I think we can invest some of our resources and money into Google."

Lin Ching-ah said helplessly, "Boss, you have to do the math. Although our valuation is rising, if you don't invest in us, we will not be able to cash in. How can we invest in Google without money?

Furthermore, you want to acquire Apple, and it's a full acquisition … "

Li Mu laughed and said, "Don't worry about money. You have to think that there will be a way out. As long as you can drive all the way to the foot of the mountain, the money will come."

Lin Ching-ah laughed and asked, "What if the money doesn't come?"

Li Mu twitched his mouth. "If the money doesn't come, we will turn back. We can even afford to drive a car. Why should we care about gas?"

… …

Larry Page arrived at 2: 40 pm.

The last time he met Li Mu, Makino Technology had not completed the round of financing for Sequoia. At that time, Larry Page estimated the valuation of Makino Technology to be around 20 billion USD. A 20-year-old CEO setting up a company with a valuation of 20 billion USD had already shocked Larry Page. But he did not expect that when it came to financing, Li Mu got a valuation of 33 billion USD from Sequoia.

What was even more unbelievable was that when he met Li Mu again, the valuation of Makino Technology had exceeded 80 billion USD.

The news that Sequoia wanted to invest in Makino Technology with a valuation of 80 billion USD was no longer news in Silicon Valley. Everyone knew about this. This was deliberately released by Sequoia. When such news came out, it would increase the valuation of Makino Technology to a certain extent. For Sequoia, even if it could not invest in Makino Technology, it would at least be a shareholder of Makino Technology. As long as it could increase the valuation of Makino Technology, it would be of practical benefit to them.

In such a short period of time, the market value had doubled. Li Mu had created a legend of a young tycoon in the world. Considering the two dimensions of value and age, Li Mu was the most powerful entrepreneur in the world. This also amazed and impressed Larry Page. At the same time, he hoped to find a strong source of traffic for Google.

Li Mu met Larry Page in the office that Lin Ching-ah had prepared for him. This office was the best one in the entire office building. It was very large, about 100 square meters. In addition to the office area and the reception area, there was a bedroom and a separate bathroom for rest. The office was located in the southeast corner of the third floor, so it had two floor-to-ceiling windows, which provided ample light and a good view.

When Larry Page saw Li Mu, he took the initiative to shake hands with him and said to Li Mu in Chinese, "Mr. Li, we meet again. Welcome to Silicon Valley."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Page, have you been learning Chinese recently?"

"Just a little …" Larry Page smiled apologetically and said in English, "Chinese is really difficult. I think I still have a long way to go."

Li Mu nodded and invited Larry Page to sit in the reception area. He smiled and said, "I heard that our new office building is not far from you?"

Larry Page said, "It's a ten-minute walk. It's really close."

Li Mu said, "Then you are welcome to come often. If I'm not around, you can look for Ms. Lin Ching-ah. She is the vice president of Makino Technology and also the CEO of our Makino Technology's US branch."

Larry Page quickly said, "I have met Ms. Lin a few times. In the future, we will definitely strengthen our communication and see if there are any good opportunities for cooperation. I also hope that you, Li Zong, can spend more time in Silicon Valley. For Silicon Valley, you are a legendary existence. When they heard that you are coming today, the entire Silicon Valley couldn't wait any longer."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the future, I may spend more time in Silicon Valley. Later, we can exchange personal contact information. When I come to Silicon Valley, or when you come to Hua Xia, we can keep in touch."

"Okay, okay."

Larry Page quickly took out his business card and handed it to Li Mu. He said, "Li Zong, please save my contact information in your phone."

Li Mu nodded, took out his business card and handed it to him. Then he asked, "Mr. Page, since you are in such a hurry to find me, it shouldn't be just to catch up, right?

The two of us can be considered old acquaintances. If there's anything, just let me know. "

Larry Page rubbed his hands together and said with a smile, "Li Zong, just call me Larry. The reason I came to you this time is actually because of an intention to cooperate."

"Oh?" Li Mu asked him, "What kind of cooperation?"

Larry Page said, "We have been paying attention to the product structure of YY and YY net. In Hua Xia, both YY and YY net are providing shortcuts to facilitate the use of YY users. At the same time, they are also diverting traffic. I personally feel that this is a very good cooperation model. Not only can it provide convenient search services for YY users, it can also bring higher quality user traffic. However, I have also noticed that there are currently no plans to expand overseas, and there are no plans to provide English search services. Therefore, non-Chinese YY users and YY net users are unable to enjoy such shortcut search services on YY products. I personally feel that this is quite a pity, and it is not very convenient for users."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "Larry, to be honest, I'm not a very selfless person. It's just like how most technical architectures choose to be closed source. I don't want the users of the YY ecosystem to leave, even if it's only in certain areas."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu continued, "You see, I don't do search engines, but search engines will encroach on my users' online time. It is like I have a water pipe in my own reservoir. No matter how thick or thin it is, it will only absorb the water in my reservoir. If I let my users cultivate the habit of using search engines frequently, it is undoubtedly giving a part of their online time to search engines. This is a kind of harm to my own business. If I did not invest in Baidu, I would never open my users to them."

Larry Page did not expect Li Mu to be so ruthless right from the start. First, he refused to divert traffic to external parties. Second, even if he diverted traffic to Baidu, it was because he had invested in Baidu. According to what he said, if he wanted to cooperate with Makino Technology, the only possibility was to let Makino Technology invest in it first?

But then again, being a shareholder of Makino Technology was not a bad thing. Every entrepreneur had two needs. One was the need for funds, and the other was the need for resources. Those who lacked money would first choose funds, but as long as they were not so short of money, they would choose resources.

This was also the reason why many companies especially hoped to be invested in by Yahoo. In addition to money, Yahoo would also provide resources, and resources were often more important than money.

In fact, in the future of Hua Xia, almost all the internet models were inseparable from Teng Xun and Ali. This was also the reason. Entering their ecosystem would allow one to obtain their resources, which would greatly promote one's own development.