Chapter 1362

Under Li Ma's enthusiasm, Chen Wan agreed to stay in Ziyun Villa these days. Although Li Ma also invited He Wan to stay at home, He Wan declined. He said that his brother and sister-in-law settled down in Yanjing, so every time he came to Yanjing, he stayed at his brother and sister-in-law's house.

Li Ma didn't ask them to stay any longer, but she asked them to have a meal at home before leaving Yanjing, and He Wan readily agreed.

In the next two days, Li Mu used his spare time to simply sort out the text of the magically revised version of "Life Longing for", while Chen Wan went to CCTV every day to prepare for the upcoming recording of the charity gala against SARS with the CCTV party production team.

Every day after work, Li Mu would go to CCTV to pick up Chen Wan and go home together. Every day on the way back, Chen Wan would talk to Li Mu about some progress in her work.

On the way back on the first day, Chen Wan said that Xiangnan Satellite TV also planned to launch a party to fight against SARS, but the schedule was scheduled for May. The leader of the station still hoped that Chen Wan and He Wan would co-host together. Li Mu immediately said to her, "When will you record it? Tell me in advance, and I will go to support you."

Chen Wan said, "You are usually so busy, don't go to Xiangdu."

Li Mu waved his hand: "In my current situation, I am basically obliged to participate in a slightly larger charity event. If I don't participate, it will be seized by some people. You know, there is a small group of people who stare at the rich and famous people every time there is a charity event, to see if they have donated, and if they have donated, how much they have donated. If they don't donate, they will be scolded, and if they donate less, they will also be scolded."

Chen Wan said distressed, "You, why do you pay attention to how these people look at you every day? Isn't it fine as long as you have a clear conscience?"

Li Mu smiled slightly: "It's not wrong for them to do so. Many times, benchmarks play the role of an example. If there is any charity event and I don't donate, then other people will think that Li Mu is so rich that he doesn't donate. Why should I donate?

If I donate, then I will be playing the role of an example that I should play as a public figure. After all, there is nothing wrong with charity. For me, in the future, I will devote more and more of my life energy to charity. "

Chen Wan frowned slightly. She thought for a moment and then relaxed. She said to Li Mu, "Alright, you've convinced me. But Xiangdu is indeed too far. Even if you want to fulfill your obligations, there's no need to go there yourself. Why don't you let Ziwei attend on your behalf?"

Li Mu looked at her and asked gently, "Ziwei can go to Xiangdu to attend the charity event on my behalf, but can she go to Xiangdu to see you on my behalf?"

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "I'm going to Xiangdu not just to see you. More importantly, I want to support you. I want everyone in the entertainment industry to know that in the entire entertainment industry, the only person who can use my resources at any time is you, Chen Wan. There is no one else!"

Chen Wan's long eyelashes fluttered and her cheeks quickly turned bright red. She looked at Li Mu shyly and asked him in a low voice: "When the time comes, can you accompany me for two days?"

For her, whether Li Mu supported her or not wasn't the most important thing. She was Li Mu's woman. If Li Mu wanted her to show her face in public, then she would show her face in public. If Li Mu wanted to hide a mistress, then she would immediately leave the entertainment industry and be a little woman who was carefully protected by him. Therefore, she didn't care about Li Mu supporting her. What she cared about was the love and company that Li Mu gave her.

In the face of Chen Wan's expectant question, Li Mu nodded and said solemnly, "Definitely."

Chen Wan said happily, "Then I'll tell the station that I'm going to take a few days off after the party!"

Li Mu said, "Don't tell your station that I'm going to participate. I guess when your station prepares the guest list, they will definitely include me in it, and then contact me to ask for my opinion. At that time, I will tell them that I don't have time. I will tell them that I will arrange for an assistant to represent me, and also represent Makino Technology and Taobao Technology. I guess your station will be disappointed. They can only accept it passively, or they will have to ask you to invite me. When you come out, I will agree."

Chen Wan knew that Li Mu did this to help her establish the right to speak in the station. She was moved, but she teased him: "Since I entered Xiangnan Satellite TV, you have been giving me all kinds of resources. Aren't you afraid that people in our station will guess our relationship?"

Li Mu smiled and said calmly, "Let them guess. Xiangnan Satellite TV is just a springboard for you. In a year or two at most, Xiangnan Satellite TV will not be able to accommodate you. At that time, if you want, you can take over Makino Image."

Chen Wan nodded, and her soft hands gently held Li Mu's right hand on the armrest box, and said softly, "Anyway, I'm your woman, and I'll listen to your arrangements."

In Li Mu's future plan, Makino Image's positioning is to become the top entertainment group in China, which includes artist agents, music production and distribution, film and TV series production and cinema business, IP development and derivatives, and even variety show production and distribution. It is definitely a supercarrier in the field of entertainment.

Li Mu can invest too little energy in the field of entertainment, so the future Makino Image needs a trustworthy person to replace him in power, and Chen Wan is the most suitable candidate.

In just over a year, Li Mu has already pushed Chen Wan to the top of the field of female hosts. In another year or two, he will definitely be able to cultivate Chen Wan into the top sister of the entertainment circle. The so-called top sister not only means that everyone has to give her face, but also control the flow of the entire entertainment circle, so that everyone has to obtain resources from her. At that time, Chen Wan doesn't need to show her face as a host or an artist anymore. She can completely take charge of the overall situation in Makino Image and influence the development process of the entire Hua Xia entertainment circle.

It is not difficult to achieve this goal. Li Mu is now extending his tentacles into the film and television circle. The Mulberry Film Ticketing System is still increasing its coverage, and the business staff of Makino Image is also taking advantage of the time when the SARS cinema business is cold, to buy cinemas all over the country. At present, except in first-tier cities, most of the cinemas in second-tier and third-tier cities are very scattered. Generally, one boss owns one cinema, and at most, one boss owns two or three cinemas. There is no real large-scale brand. Therefore, this is a good opportunity for Makino Image to make a whole. It invests capital to buy these scattered cinemas all over the country, renovate them, hang the brand of Makino Image, and add the Mulberry Film Ticketing System. Then, it will become a member of Makino Image's cinema matrix. At that time, the national cinema market will be under its control.

In addition to the cinema chain, Li Mu is the first domestic big shot who can really be on an equal footing with Hollywood's top resources, or even higher than them. The Hollywood big shots can look down on Hua Xia's movies, but they absolutely dare not look down on Li Mu and Li Mu's Makino Technology. Therefore, Li Mu can introduce Hollywood's resources to the country and further enhance its influence in the film and television industry.

As for variety shows, this is a long-term business with huge profits. After a few years, the whole world may buy the variety show copyright from his hands. At that time, "Idol of Country X" and "The Voice of Country X" will blossom all over the world, and the copyright will be exported from Hua Xia's Makino Image. The cultural influence behind this will definitely be extraordinary.

At that time, Makino Image can completely create a huge entertainment ecosystem.

When a singer signs a contract, their songs and albums can quickly become popular throughout the country through the influence of YY. It doesn't matter even if they lose the Easy Listening Network. YYtunes will be launched soon, and at that time, it will be named YY Music in the country. In that case, not only can they monopolize the share of online auditions from the software side, but they can also cooperate with Mango-ME's hardware to bind users and further help the incubation of their own singers.

When actors sign a contract, Makino Image can provide a large number of high-quality film and TV projects. These film and TV projects can obtain the best publicity effect through the influence of YY. Then, through their own control of the cinema chain, they can get a higher screening rate and better box office results. This is also an excellent way to accelerate the incubation of movie stars.

With their own talent shows, they can be used to sign better singers and artists for themselves.

With their own variety shows, they can be used to increase the exposure of their own signed artists and enhance their popularity and influence.

In this way, it is equivalent to building the first and only super nuclear power plant in the entertainment industry, which is full of small power plants.

… ….

What Chen Wan didn't expect was that when Li Mu just told her that he would go to Xiangdu to support her, the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV had already begun to make an idea for Li Mu.

The recording of CCTV's party is imminent. As the most successful provincial satellite TV in China, Xiangnan Satellite TV has a very keen sense of smell in this regard. In the past few days when Chen Wan came to Beijing, the station has passed a high-level meeting and decided to launch Xiangnan Satellite TV's own SARS charity party. The recording time of the party is set to be before May 10, and then broadcast on May 17.

After determining the performance time, the station immediately organized a special team to follow up the matters related to the party. The staff in the team began to determine the venue, lighting, sound and other hardware issues, and began to work out the list of guests.

Since it is a charity party, in addition to the normal song singing, there is also a donation session for entrepreneurs and social elites. Therefore, the staff of Xiangnan Satellite TV, while sorting out the star resources that they have close cooperation with and have a good relationship with, are also looking for enterprises that have a cooperative relationship with them, such as advertisers, title sponsors, sponsors and other enterprises, hoping that they can be present to support the party. Of course, Xiangnan Satellite TV will not let them pay for nothing. On the surface, it is to let them contribute to the fight against SARS. In fact, in private, they will also use their own various resources to subsidize back. Otherwise, just a simple donation, many entrepreneurs will not buy it.

When calculating the list, Xiangnan Satellite TV listed Li Mu as one of the most important invitations in the entrepreneur sequence. After all, Li Mu's influence is too great. If he can come, the whole party will jump up.

So, Xiangnan Satellite TV immediately contacted the public relations department of Makino Technology and sent the invitation letter as usual.

Public-to-public invitations must go through public relations is the most appropriate way, and Xiangnan Satellite TV also knows the rules.

After receiving the invitation, the public relations department of Makino Technology also conveyed the invitation to Li Mu's personal assistant, Li Ziwei, according to the internal routine. Therefore, all public invitations will gather at Li Ziwei's place, and then be conveyed by Li Ziwei to Li Mu.

So, the next morning, Li Ziwei came to Li Mu's office and said to him, "Li Zong, Xiangnan Satellite TV has a charity party with the theme of fighting against SARS in early May. At present, the preliminary recording time is May 8. They hope to invite you to the scene. I wonder if you have time?

The other party said that if your time on the 8th is not convenient, they can arrange the recording time according to your time in the six days from the 5th to the 10th. That is to say, in these six days, whichever day you are free, the whole party can accommodate your time. "