Chapter 249

In the end, Li Mu rejected Ye Tianming's proposal. The chief sponsor would definitely be Makino Technology. Now, no matter how discerning the people were, they would definitely underestimate the influence of "Old Boys". Therefore, Li Mu decided to keep the fertile water in his own field.

In addition, Li Mu also wanted to send a signal to Baidu. The genius in their eyes, after being a genius for a few months, was going to start acting cool.

What investors were most afraid of was when the person in charge of the company they invested in pretended to be pretentious. If they invested real money, they would make sure that every penny was spent wisely. If they pretended to be pretentious, the investors would feel pain and lose confidence in the future.

In fact, there were countless Internet companies. A considerable number of companies had raised angel or even series A, but most of them could not make it to series B. This was the curse of Internet companies' financing. During the process of series A to series B, 60% of them would die; during the process of series B to series C, 70% of them would die. Those who gritted their teeth and made it to series C were basically awesome.

The key reason was usually the leaders of the companies. Many young people with an annual salary of less than a hundred thousand would start a business with passion. Series A would raise their valuation to millions or even ten million. At this time, with more cash in their hands, they would start to feel complacent. Some people wanted to enjoy it in advance by changing to a better office, better welfare, or even getting a car. They would spend all the money from series A and the project would fall through. Some people could make it to series B. At series B, the amount of money raised would become hundreds or even tens of millions. At this time, with a lot of money in their hands, they would be so inflated that they couldn't control themselves. Spending money recklessly was still light. What's more, they had already started to think of ways to cheat the investors' money. They would register a shell company to cheat the investors' money out bit by bit. In the end, the project would fall through and they would make a lot of money. There were many such people.

Makino Technology had not started its series B financing. Li Mu did not have much money in his hands. If he started to invest recklessly in a movie, the people at Baidu would be very upset.

Li Mu was ready to use the sponsorship of "Old Boys" as an opportunity to start a multi-pronged strategy.

Ye Tianming did not know that there were so many twists and turns in Li Mu's mind. He just felt that Li Mu would rather go out and cheat others than let his own company invest. It seemed that he was not confident in this movie.

However, he did not think too much about it. In his eyes, Li Mu was a miraculous young man. He did not know what he could not do at this moment.

After making the specific details of the simple plan, the four of them rushed back to Jinling overnight. Li Mu drove the car home and called Song Liang. He didn't tell him that Zhang Kexuan had been there. He just said that he wanted to go to Song Liang's neighborhood to see a house tomorrow.

Song Liang said, "That's enough. Bring Uncle and Auntie over tomorrow morning. I'll accompany you to look at the house. I'll get my wife to make some good dishes. Have lunch at my house."

Li Mu did not want to trouble him, but he could not resist Song Liang's enthusiasm. It was hard to reject his hospitality, so Li Mu agreed.

He and Song Liang were now friends of equal status. There was no need to be too distant. In the future, Li Mu was still thinking about whether he could cooperate with Song Liang further. In the future, the two of them would go to Yanjing to take a bite of the big cake of the Yanjing real estate market.

The next day, Papa Lee drove Li Mu and Li Ma to the Wan Ying Huating neighborhood where Song Liang lived.

This neighborhood was developed by Song Liang's Wan Ying Company. The sales were also done by Wan Ying. Song Liang knew that Li Mu was coming to see the house today, so he had arranged for a sales girl to wait with the keys of all the remaining large apartments.

Papa Lee parked the car in front of the sales office and saw Song Liang waiting at the door. After the car stopped, Li Mu got out of the car and waved to Song Liang. Then he went to the other side and opened the door for his mother.

When Metersbonwe opened, Song Liang had been to the store. That was the first time he met Li Mu's parents. After Li Mu went to Yanjing, Song Liang went to Li Mu's store several times and met Li Mu's parents. Before the opening of Senma's store, he specially advertised the building for a few days and helped promote it. So he was quite familiar with Li Mu's parents.

After Song Liang greeted Papa Lee and Li Ma, he said to them, "I heard from Li Mu that you want to buy a new house in Wan Ying Huating. I have asked the sales staff to prepare it. They can take us there now."

Papa Lee said, "Manager Song, I'm sorry for the trouble."

Song Liang hurriedly said, "Uncle, you don't have to be so polite. I have known Mu for a long time. We are very good friends. This is nothing."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mom, Dad, you don't have to be so polite with him. We are customers, and customers are God."

Song Liang also smiled and said, "Yes, customers are God. Let's go in and see the houses. I have asked people to prepare the keys for all the unsold bungalows. We can go and see them now."

Papa Lee and Li Ma nodded and didn't stand on ceremony with Song Liang anymore. Song Liang called a girl over and the five of them began to walk into the residential area. The sales girl who accompanied them seemed to be around 20 years old. She had been working in Wan Ying for more than a year, but it was the first time that she saw the big boss of Wan Ying personally accompany a customer to see a house. Even the most important customer didn't have such high-level treatment.

Song Liang's next words scared the sales girl so much that her eyeballs almost fell to the ground, "Uncle, Auntie, the bungalows in our Wan Ying Huating are on sale now. If you buy it, you will get a 20% discount and free renovation."

Although the real estate market now wasn't as hot as it would be in the future, it definitely wouldn't fall to the extent that people had to give a discount and free renovation. A house that cost more than 1,000 yuan per square meter. If they did this, there would be no profit margin at all.

Therefore, as soon as Li Mu heard it, he knew that Song Liang was doing him a favor again.

Song Liang was indeed doing him a favor. In the past, he had always been doing favors for Li Mu. At that time, Li Mu didn't show any direct ability, and he only vaguely felt that he was not ordinary. However, during that time, he had always been helping him. Whether it was disputes with others or opening a clothing store for his family, it was equivalent to him doing him a favor.

Later, Li Mu used his own way to return these favors, which was to take the initiative to invite Song Liang to invest in Makino Technology. At that time, Makino Technology was valued at 50 million yuan, and Song Liang bought Five Points' shares for 2.5 million yuan. At that time, Song Liang didn't realize that Li Mu was returning favors. It wasn't until Makino Technology won Series A and integrated a large number of traffic and users that he realized that Makino Technology was actually a fast train to make money. Li Mu pulled him into Series A because he wanted to get him on board before the speed really increased.

At present, Makino Technology's generally recognized valuation in the Internet industry could already reach about 300 million yuan, and Li Mu also revealed his goal for Series B. Previously, he told Song Liang that he wanted to squeeze out the 10% from Baidu and transfer it to the investment bank that wanted to enter Series B. His psychological price was 50 million yuan. In other words, Li Mu's valuation for Series B was 500 million yuan.

Song Liang invested 2.5 million yuan, and after Series B, it could become 25 million yuan, which was a full ten times.

Not only that, but Song Liang also understood in his heart that the real value of a great Internet company could only be reflected after several rounds of financing. It was estimated that he had to wait until at least Series E. At that time, even if his own shares would be diluted by continuous financing activities, the actual value would definitely continue to increase.

It was because of the unexpected return on Makino Technology that Song Liang realized that the balance between himself and Li Mu had been seriously tilted.

Although he was a businessman and had seen many tragic hand-to-hand fights in the business world, he was the same as Li Mu for real friends. When he owed others a favor, he always thought about paying it back in double. When he got along with good friends, he would feel more at ease when he gave more than he got back.

Although he also reserved five points for Li Mu in the real estate development project of Sanpailou, the profit of real estate was fixed. Except for the government and the development cost, the profit margin of a residential real estate project generally did not exceed 200%. Therefore, when these five points were included, the balance was still very tilted.

Song Liang was also a smart person. He knew that if he wanted to change the situation of tilting the balance, he needed to use favors instead of money. It was meaningless to simply pile up numbers. He had to know how to be flexible. If you gave me a foot of respect in terms of money, then I would give you ten feet of respect in terms of favors.

A house did not cost much, more than 200,000 yuan. Even if it was matched with the best decoration in Haizhou, it would cost at most 500,000 yuan. He could and was completely willing to give it directly to Li Mu's family, but he could not do so because Li Mu was also a wonderful person. When people talked to each other, they looked at each other's sincerity. Rough tricks were suitable for contact with rough people, but not suitable for a wonderful person.

Li Ma was a little surprised. She was now a businesswoman. After opening a clothing store, she began to study the consumption level of the city more or less. Naturally, the housing price was also a point that she paid attention to.

She had heard of the house in Wanying Huating. The unit price of the double floor was the most expensive, but it was also the only unit that had not been sold out. The sales situation was not very good. It was understandable to give a discount, but a 20% discount was a little too much, not to mention the free decoration.

Li Ma asked Song Liang, "With such a discount and free decoration, aren't you going to lose money?"

Song Liang said with a smile, "The decoration is just a simple decoration. It's not much money to be responsible for the water and electricity renovation, wall and floor tiles. What's more, I am engaged in development. I have workers, and the materials are all at the price of the project. It's much cheaper than finding someone outside to decorate.

Li Ma still had some doubts. Li Mu, who was next to her, said with a smile, "Mom, look at the house first. If you like it, we can talk about this."

Li Ma reacted and said with a smile, "Yes, let's look at the house first.

“

Wanying Huating's geographical location was impeccable in Haizhou. Although the community was in the center of the city, it was not close to the core main road, so the environment was relatively comfortable. It could be considered a quiet place in the middle of the hustle and bustle. In addition, the community's greenery and public facilities were relatively complete, and the environment was clean. As soon as Papa Lee and Li Ma entered the community, they had a good first impression of Wanying Huating.

The large apartments in Wanying Huating were located in the middle and back part of the community, which was also the quietest part. Moreover, unlike the last few rows of buildings, which were far from the exit, it could be said to be the standard golden area of the community.

Li Mu's only regret was that there were no high-rise residential buildings in Haizhou, so there were no elevators. Therefore, he did not want to choose the fourth or fifth floor. Moreover, the first floor was relatively humid, so Li Mu wanted to look at the second and third floors. Papa Lee and Li Ma did not mind. They lived on the first floor. The community of Xiling Coal Mine also allowed residents on the first floor to build their own small courtyard, so it was very affordable. However, the house in Wanying Huating only had one door on the first floor. The front balcony was sealed, and there was no courtyard. As a result, Papa Lee and Li Ma directly ignored the first floor.

Song Liang asked the salesgirl to bring the four of them to an empty room on the second floor. The rooms on the first floor were indeed large enough. As soon as they entered the door, the entrance was connected to a small living room of about ten square meters. To the left was a living room of forty square meters and a balcony. To the right was a dining room of more than twenty square meters with a spacious kitchen and a small balcony.

Stepping up to the half-meter-high floor, they first arrived at an open space of more than ten square meters. There was a bedroom in the front and a guest room on each side. The master bedroom also had a balcony and a master bedroom bathroom.

The layout of the house consisted of three bedrooms, two living rooms, and two bathrooms, plus two small living rooms that were connected. The area of each room was very large. Li Mu was used to living in the miniaturized apartment at home. When he suddenly saw the layout and area of this house, he suddenly had the impression that it was huge!

Overall, each room was big, and the kitchen and bathroom were also big. It was very spacious.

In his heart, compared with his own room, his own room was simply too small. Take the second bedroom for example. His second bedroom was filled with a 1.2 meter bed, a small desk, and a small bookcase. But the second bedroom here was more than 20 square meters, and it was not a problem to put a 1.8 meter bed in it. The practical area of his own bathroom was even less than two square meters, and the area of the guest room here was three times that of his own.

Li Mu was very satisfied with this layout at first. This was the real essence of a large apartment. The kind of apartment with a large total area and many rooms, but the average room area was still narrow, was simply a hooligan!

This kind of spacious three-bedroom apartment was really comfortable to live in.

However, people in Haizhou did not have this concept of consumption at the moment. Now the area of most three-bedroom apartments in Haizhou was only about 100 square meters, which still could not improve the feeling of cramped.

Papa Lee and Li Ma obviously had the typical thinking of Haizhou. Papa Lee looked at the huge living room and sighed, "This living room is too wasteful. What's the use of such a big living room?"