Chapter 1084

For Americans, they felt that the young and beautiful Anne Hathaway and Li Mu were particularly compatible. Even though everyone knew that this kind of gossip was groundless, they still enjoyed it. Countless netizens expressed their views on the Internet, and most people were looking forward to the gossip coming true.

Li Mu had already passed the stage of caring about gossip news. No matter how the American media exaggerated the feeling that he and Anne Hathaway were a perfect match, he did not take it to heart at all. As long as the overall content of the media reports was not negative, he would not care about it. Such exposure was in itself a good thing.

However, as soon as the gossip between Li Mu and Anne Hathaway was exposed, Li Mu immediately became the target of the entire Hollywood's crazy pursuit.

For a time, Li Mu received a large number of invitations from Hollywood's super bigwigs, A-list directors, and the bosses of film and television companies. For a person like Li Mu, who always attracted the attention of the American people, everyone hoped to have the opportunity to meet Li Mu. Even if it was just to get familiar with him or get close to him, it would be a good thing.

However, Li Mu did not have the time and effort to deal with so many Hollywood bigwigs one by one, so he adopted the strategy of tactfully rejecting the invitations of dozens of Hollywood celebrities. He did not give face to anyone, so naturally, he did not slap anyone's face.

Although Li Mu had the idea and strategic plan to enter Hollywood in the future, he still hoped to first use the online ticketing platform as an entry point to control the downstream of Hollywood movies in the North American market, and then use the downstream resources to expand and develop upstream. Therefore, at this time, there was no need to get along with too many people in Hollywood.

What he needed to do in the future was to use the chain of interests to bring these bigwigs into his own industry circle one by one, making them his partners, and even his artists. However, this time in Hollywood, Li Mu was not ready to expose his desire to covet Hollywood and the entire American film and television industry.

Moreover, Li Mu had a very clear position for himself. Even if there were many actors and directors in Hollywood that he liked, in the end, his current social status and personal strength were far above these Hollywood stars. When it was time to put on airs, he had to put on airs.

For the entire Hollywood, they now thought that Li Mu only accepted Spielberg's invitation to attend his charity dinner because of Elon Musk. Otherwise, Li Mu would not even have any relationship with people in Hollywood. Therefore, the current Li Mu was naturally a little unattainable to the entire Hollywood. What Li Mu wanted was to continue to maintain this feeling in front of Hollywood.

After decisively rejecting all the invitations, Li Mu organized a small-scale dinner in a Michelin-starred restaurant near Hollywood before leaving Los Angeles.

Not only were Spielberg and his wife invited, but also Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Toby Maguire were also invited. Naturally, Li Mu did not forget Anne Hathaway, who was also on the invitation list for this dinner by Li Mu.

All the people who were invited happily agreed to Li Mu's invitation and arrived at the restaurant on time to attend the dinner.

Although the media was not informed of Li Mu's dinner this time, well-informed Hollywood entertainment reporters and paparazzi still swarmed in. They set up their cameras outside the restaurant, not willing to miss any newsworthy details.

When they saw Anne Hathaway also arriving at the restaurant in a nanny van, the paparazzi immediately beamed with joy. Now a large number of Americans were paying attention to the progress of Li Mu and Anne Hathaway. This was a good time for the media to strike while the iron was hot. As long as they could take photos of the two together, it would be very good news material. If anyone could take exclusive photos of some relatively intimate details, it could be on tomorrow's front page.

Anne Hathaway, who came to attend Li Mu's dinner, was also a little nervous. Now her name was appearing in the reports of major media, and everyone was guessing about her relationship with Li Mu. Although Anne Hathaway knew that all this was just the entertainment of the media and the American people, when she saw the incredible enthusiasm of the major media and netizens, she could not help but feel a little different in her heart.

Subconsciously, Anne Hathaway hoped that she could really develop further with Li Mu. After all, she had a very good impression of Li Mu. He was outstanding in all aspects to the point of being impeccable.

Throughout the dinner, Anne Hathaway was a little nervous. Every action of eating and drinking made her nervous for a long time. She was afraid that at some moment, she would inadvertently show her indecent side. At the same time, she felt that her condition today was not good enough. Every few days, she needed to go to the bathroom to carefully observe herself in the mirror, so that she could regain a little confidence.

Every time Anne Hathaway, who was nervous and perturbed, saw Li Mu, who was about the same age as her, talking and laughing in front of others calmly, she would be full of admiration for this Asian boy. For girls, this kind of man with peerless ability and great personal charm was the object that they were most addicted to.

At this moment, Anne Hathaway really had some feelings for Li Mu. She began to imagine how wonderful it would be if what the entertainment reporters said came true.

The young Anne Hathaway had only been in Hollywood for less than two years. She was still far from having the opportunity to cultivate to become a Hollywood elite. At this moment, the feelings in her heart were mostly the true feedback of a young girl's heart. Therefore, during the second half of the dinner, her nervousness and nervousness gradually turned into confusion and reluctance.

She didn't know if she would have the chance to see Li Mu after he went to Silicon Valley. If not, how should she deal with the feelings in her heart?

If so, when would it be?

Should she take the initiative to do something?

Li Mu didn't know that Anne Hathaway, who was sitting next to him, was thinking so much about him. He chatted with Spielberg and other actors throughout the dinner, and they talked about some trivial matters of daily life. Li Mu didn't mention the online ticket system again, nor did he mention that he was interested in directly entering Hollywood.

The reason why Li Mu arranged this dinner was entirely out of kindness. He wanted to thank Spielberg for his hospitality, as well as the other actors he met through Spielberg. Another purpose was to let Li Ziwei leave their contact information, especially the YY number. In this way, he could let Li Ziwei keep in touch with them on behalf of a few people. If there was a chance to cooperate in the future, it would be more convenient to communicate.

However, what Li Mu didn't expect was that his original intention of arranging this dinner, when it came to the entertainment media, became that he had specially arranged it for Anne Hathaway.

After the dinner, a Hollywood media reported that Li Mu had originally planned to rush back to Silicon Valley on the day of the dinner, because the C series financing of Makino Technology had reached a very critical stage. However, in order to meet Anne Hathaway again, Li Mu deliberately postponed his trip.

This media even took out a so-called news from the "personal mouth" of the general manager of the charter company, saying that the private plane Li Mu had booked was originally ready to take off, but because Li Mu suddenly changed his itinerary, it was postponed. For this reason, Li Mu even generously paid tens of thousands of US dollars for breach of contract.

The story of a rich man throwing away a lot of money for a beautiful woman was originally very in line with the American view of love, so when this gossip came out, netizens praised Li Mu's good intentions for Anne Hathaway.

Li Mu saw the latest entertainment reports on the plane back to Silicon Valley with Elon Musk, and he was particularly impressed by the ability of the American entertainment media to make groundless accusations.

When Elon Musk saw Li Mu repeatedly shaking his head with a wry smile on the content of the newspaper, he couldn't help but tease him, "Now the whole United States hopes that you can be together with Anne Hathaway. In my opinion, you might as well make it a reality. It can be seen that Anne is very fond of you. The way she looks at you is full of the worship of a little girl."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "I'm not interested in girls in the entertainment industry."

Elon Musk laughed and said, "Anne has only been in the industry for less than two years. If you take her in and let her quit the entertainment industry, won't it be fine?"

Li Mu asked him curiously, "I didn't expect that a Silicon Valley entrepreneur like you would be so gossipy."

Elon Musk smiled slightly, crossed his legs and said, "As a man, as long as he puts his energy on work during the day, it doesn't matter what he wants to do at night."

Li Mu said, "I have to return to China in the near future. I don't have so much time to mess around in the United States."

Elon Musk asked in surprise, "Why are you in such a hurry to return to China?

Isn't Makino Technology's Series C still undecided? "

Li Mu laughed and said, "When I return to Silicon Valley this time, I will try to settle this matter. If it can't be settled in a short time, I will leave it to my subordinates. As long as the amount and terms meet my requirements, it will be fine. There is no need for me to waste time here."

Elon Musk stopped smiling and said seriously, "Li Zong, now is the best time for Makino Technology to attack in the United States. Moreover, your influence in the United States is so great now. If you can spread some rumors about you and Anne Hathaway now, your influence in the United States will be even greater. As long as you make good use of your current influence, the development of Makino Technology in the United States will be faster. But if you leave, these effects will be gone!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "The development of the enterprise is a long-term goal. My energy is limited. It is enough to do it myself at the most critical point. There is no need to keep dragging the enterprise forward. Now that the foundation of Makino Technology in the United States has been stabilized, I can rest assured and boldly leave it to my subordinates to continue to promote it. There are many more important things waiting for me in China."

Li Mu's brain had been tense about SARS. If he remembered correctly, although SARS would break out in the spring of next year, the first patient seemed to have appeared at the end of this year.