Chapter 437

Cai Zhengmao's family was very wealthy. If only Makino Technology was compared to his family's business, Li Mu was still far behind. However, if Makino Technology was compared to Cai Zhengmao, Cai Zhengmao was even further behind.

With the popularity of YY, Makino Technology was now known to the world. Although Makino Technology was well-known in the past, the two popular products were not in high demand on Tieba and Happy Farm. Therefore, users did not know much about Makino Technology. However, with the rise of YY, Makino Technology finally grasped the most important need of the netizens in this era — instant messaging. Therefore, Makino Technology was now like the sun at high noon.

It was said that YY had more than 40 million registered users within a few days of its launch. Cai Zhengmao had seen related news. The author of the news article said that the speed of YY's rise was beyond everyone's understanding. Now, it was estimated that it could exceed 50 million within a week. At the same time, the author also said that YY was like a virus, spreading at an incredible speed. It had a crushing advantage over its most direct competitor, QQ.

Among these two products, the user reviews were almost one-sided in favor of YY. With the increasing number of YY users and the increasing activation rate of YY users' friend lists, many users had begun to abandon QQ. If this continued, YY would completely defeat QQ in a very short time in the future, and then ascend to the throne of the domestic instant messaging software.

Some people estimated that the market in this field was at least 30 billion yuan. In other words, if Makino Technology defeated QQ, it could enjoy the 30 billion yuan cake alone. This number had already scared many people. However, no one knew that the market in the field of social communication, represented by instant messaging, was far more than 300 billion yuan. Even now, Makino Technology was still in a state of serious underestimation.

Cai Zhengmao was shocked. Comparisons were odious. He had always thought that he was already quite amazing, but he did not expect that a young man less than 20 years old to have a net worth of more than 5 billion yuan.

No wonder Fatty Wang was so attentive. It turned out that the young man was the founder of Makino Technology. If he remembered correctly, the man's name should be Li Mu.

Therefore, Cai Zhengmao asked Fatty Wang for confirmation. Fatty Wang did not hide it. He nodded and said, "Yes, he is Li Mu."

"Gosh …" Cai Zhengmao's face was boiling hot. He thought that he had thought Li Mu was a little like a nouveau riche who had just made a little money. He could not help but feel ashamed. He said to Fatty Wang awkwardly, "Why didn't you tell me the truth earlier? You made me feel a little disdainful just now …"

Fatty Wang shook the fat on his body and said with an evil smile, "To be honest, I did it on purpose. I know that you usually look down on everyone, so I gave you a grain of sand to try."

Cai Zhengmao used the inside of his foot to lightly kick his buttocks and scolded, "You really deserve it!"

…

Li Mu drove the custom-made G55 around the factory. The comfort of the seat of the G55 was slightly inferior to that of a luxury car that cost about one million yuan. However, it was much better for the GL8. Therefore, Li Mu was very satisfied. It was always good for a man to drive a car that belonged to a man. It was always good to have a tough seat.

In addition, the G55's V8 engine, which had been specially tuned by AMG, not only had more than 500 horsepower, but most importantly, its torque was very high. With such a strong power guarantee, even if it had been modified to weigh more than three tons, its power was still as strong as a beast.

Zhao Kang, who was sitting in the passenger seat, could not help but sigh. "This car is too fierce. Moreover, it looks like it is very durable. It would be great to drive this car off-road."

Li Mu said, "This is the kind of durable car that I want. In the future, when I drive this car on the road, I will see who dares to play dangerous driving with me!"

The body of the car weighed three tons, and the entire car was reinforced with 275mm wide tires. The whole car was very stable on the paved road. It was also a road armored car. If he drove this car on the highway and a Z4 dared to overtake him, Li Mu would not have to worry at all. Even if the Z4 dared to overtake him at high speed, he would not be afraid. The Z4 might get out of the car at high speed and die. However, this G55 would not even shake and would continue to drive smoothly.

After a simple test, Li Mu gave the car to Zhao Kang to experience. After Zhao Kang was satisfied, he drove the car directly back to Cai Zhengmao's factory. As soon as the car stopped, Fatty Wang came up and asked Li Mu, "How do you feel?"

Li Mu jumped down from the passenger seat and said with satisfaction, "Very good, beyond imagination."

Fatty Wang said happily, "As long as you are satisfied. Did you call Old Chen?

Let him arrange for you to get the license plate. I will get you a temporary license plate from the shop later. You can go to the vehicle management office on Monday to get the license plate. "

Li Mu nodded. At this time, Cai Zhengmao also came over and stretched out his right hand to Li Mu. He said politely, "Hello, my name is Cai Zhengmao, Fatty Wang's friend."

Li Mu had heard of this person long ago. The first time he heard of him was because Geng Yang had taken the red Ferrari from him. However, he did not seem to be friends with Geng Yang, so Li Mu did not have any other opinions about him. He shook hands with him politely and introduced himself.

Cai Zhengmao pointed to Li Mu's G55 and said, "I have a workshop in the back that specializes in the maintenance of super luxury cars. The workers and equipment are the best in the country. After you take the car away, I will take care of the maintenance. If you need it, just drive it here directly."

Fatty Wang was shocked and said, "Li Mu, you are really influential. Everyone knows that Old Cai never cares about the after-sales service. He has to pay for the maintenance himself. He is very cunning."

Cai Zhengmao knew that Fatty Wang was helping him to repay the favor to Li Mu. Otherwise, if Li Mu thought it was a standard service, then the favor would be in vain. So Cai Zhengmao smiled and said, "Some super luxury car brands have not entered the domestic market yet. It is also an industry rule that there is no after-sales service for cars not sold through normal channels."

Cai Zhengmao was so polite, so Li Mu also expressed his gratitude. At the same time, Cai Zhengmao took out a business card and handed it to Li Mu. He said, "If you need anything in the future, just call me directly."

Li Mu took the business card and thanked him. He had never printed a business card, so he didn't mention it.

Cai Zhengmao gave Li Mu two sets of temporary cards and watched him and Zhao Kang leave with Fatty Wang. Fatty Wang said, "Old Cai, I owe you a favor for this. Come to SugarClub next time and I will treat you well."

Cai Zhengmao patted Fatty Wang's shoulder and said, "If there is a chance, ask Li Mu and Chen Ze to have a chat."

Fatty Wang smiled and asked, "Why? Are you interested in them?"

Cai Zhengmao nodded. "I'm not interested in Chen Ze. There are hundreds of people in Yan Jing who are at his level or higher than him. But Li Mu is the only one in Yan Jing. Of course, I'm interested."

Fatty Wang said, "Actually, I've always regretted not getting closer to him earlier. When I first met Li Mu, I really didn't pay much attention to him. I just felt that Old Chen treated him very well and valued him a lot. I didn't expect this guy to suddenly show his strength in the second half of last year. I didn't even have the chance to get on board. Old Chen and Hui Ka Ming caught up with me."

Cai Zhengmao smacked his lips and said, "Hui Ka Ming made a comeback this time. The 10% shares he invested in Makino Technology increased by several times!

In the whole generation of the Xu family, Hui Ka Ming used to be at the bottom, but now he's at the top. Xu Jiahua hates him day and night, and they almost fought each other. "

Fatty Wang said, "I heard some time ago that Li Mu and Old Chen are still thinking about other projects."

Cai Zhengmao asked him, "What project?"

Fatty Wang rubbed his chin and thought for a moment, then said, "I heard that they're going to build a race track in the suburbs."

"Race track?" Cai Zhengmao frowned. "Can this project make money?"

Fatty Wang said, "I used to think that it wouldn't make money, and Old Chen also thought that it wouldn't make money. But I don't know what Li Mu did to him, but the two of them are going to do it together. Old Chen is trying to get connections everywhere, and he even hired a design team from abroad. I think it won't be long before they come to China to survey the site. He's full of energy."

Cai Zhengmao said, "Then why don't you think of a way to get involved?"

Fatty Wang waved his hand. "I don't have much interest in cars. Old Chen told me to open a 4S store, but I'm not interested. I think SugarClub is a good project, and I'm planning to open a dozen or so branches in China in the future."

Cai Zhengmao said, "Help me find out what's going on with the race track project. I know that Chen Ze likes racing, but if it's his own project, I'm not interested. But since Li Mu is involved, they must have found a good way. I have a lot of resources in the car industry, so maybe I can try it with them."

"Sure." Fatty Wang said, "I'll help you find out later."

Cai Zhengmao looked at the time and said, "Alright, it's almost noon. Don't leave, I'll treat you to lunch, let's eat together."

Fatty Wang didn't hesitate. "Sure, I'll listen to you."

…

When Li Mu drove the brand new G55 away from Cai Zhengmao's place, Zhao Kang drove his GL8 and followed behind. The two of them first went to Yucheng Garden. After parking the GL8, Zhao Kang got out of the GL8. Li Mu didn't rush to get out, but asked him, "Do you still want to go to the 4S store?"

Zhao Kang was slightly stunned, then he gritted his teeth and said, "Yes!"

Li Mu smiled and waved his hand. "Get in the car."

Li Mu and Zhao Kang had made a lot of money since they started to play the plug-in together, but they didn't spend much. Today, when Li Mu bought a car, it had a certain impact on Zhao Kang's consumption concept. Although Zhao Kang had always wanted to buy a car, he had never taken any action. Today, with Li Mu's encouragement, his heart suddenly had a full impulse to spend a lot of money.

Then, Li Mu drove Zhao Kang to the BMW 4S store.

In the BMW 4S store, Zhao Kang used less than half an hour to order a BMW 735i that was worth more than one million yuan. Then, he swiped his card and paid for the insurance. His speed was so fast that the shopping guide was so surprised that she couldn't close her mouth.