Chapter 824

The next morning, Li Mu was woken up by his phone and Xian Yin's ringing in his head.

As soon as he opened his eyes, he subconsciously looked at Chen Wan, who was in his arms. Chen Wan was sleeping soundly at this moment. Her breathing was even, and her eyelashes were trembling slightly. It was obvious that she was still in a deep sleep. The phone's alarm clock had no effect on her at all.

Li Mu had his second success last night. By the time the second battle ended, it was already past midnight. He also spent half a day in bed with Chen Wan, so it was already past two by the time he fell asleep. At this moment, he still didn't feel full and wanted to hug Chen Wan to go back to sleep. However, when the alarm clock rang, Li Mu knew that it was already half past eight in the morning. There was still an important meeting in the morning. Three Jinling real estate developers, including Chen Yuan, were still waiting to meet with him.

Li Mu carefully removed his arm from Chen Wan's neck and quietly got up from the bed. He went into the bathroom to wash up. Just as he was about to put on his clothes, Chen Wan, who was wearing a silk negligee, rubbed her eyes as she walked out. When she saw Li Mu, she walked over with a face full of shyness and happiness. She gently hugged Li Mu and asked, "You're leaving?"

"Mhmm," Li Mu nodded and caressed her back. "I have a meeting at Wanying in the morning."

Chen Wan raised her head to look at Li Mu. She fluttered her eyelashes and asked, "What about after the meeting?"

Li Mu lowered his head and kissed her for a moment. He gently said, "If you don't have any plans today, wait for me at home. I'll come find you when I'm done."

Chen Wan faintly said, "Then I won't be going anywhere today."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Rest well at home. I still need you at night!"

Chen Wan reached out and grabbed Li Mu's hair. She didn't avoid his teasing gaze and said with love, "As long as you come, I'll do whatever you want."

Just as they were about to leave, Li Mu wanted to put on the clothes from yesterday. Chen Wan hurriedly took the clothes from Li Mu's hands and said, "I also bought clothes for you here. Wait for me to pick out a more formal set of clothes for you. Leave these clothes here, I'll wash them for you."

Li Mu nodded. Chen Wan first put away Li Mu's dirty clothes, then took out a brand new light blue short-sleeved shirt and a pair of slim fitting black trousers from the bedroom wardrobe.

Internet workers rarely wore formal attire. In the summer, they would always wear loose T-shirts, shorts, or casual pants, paired with a pair of shoes or flip-flops. Because this job required a lot of sitting, jeans, trousers, and shirts were very uncomfortable to sit in.

However, in Chen Wan's words, she was already a big boss with such a high net worth, so she should pay more attention to her clothes in the future. That way, not only would she look more spirited, but she would also give others a more formal feeling.

Fortunately, Li Mu didn't wear shorts yesterday. The pair of casual black leather shoes matched his new attire.

Li Mu, who was neatly dressed, put on a mask and walked out of Chen Wan's house. Remembering that he had already asked Wang Yuanlang to leave last night, he directly went down the elevator to the first floor and was ready to call a taxi to Wan Ying. He didn't expect to see his Benz G55 parked by the side of the road. Wang Yuanlang was sitting in the driver's seat. When he saw Li Mu come out, he immediately got out of the car and opened the front passenger door for him.

Li Mu didn't expect Wang Yuanlang to be there the whole time. Seeing that he didn't change his clothes, he guessed that Wang Yuanlang probably didn't leave last night. These three people usually didn't watch over Li Mu 24/7. At night, one of them would take turns to get a room nearby. However, looking at Wang Yuanlang's posture, he definitely wasn't the one who got a room last night.

After getting in the car, Wang Yuanlang asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, where are we going now?"

Li Mu said, "To Wan Ying."

Wang Yuanlang started the car and slowly drove out of the neighborhood.

As the car drove, the two people in the car didn't say much. Wang Yuanlang knew that in this job, it was taboo to talk too much. Li Mu's private life was Li Mu's own business. No matter who Li Mu met with or where he spent the night, Wang Yuanlang definitely couldn't say or ask. Therefore, it was normal for him to concentrate on driving and not talk.

However, Li Mu felt that something wasn't quite right. Although he didn't doubt Wang Yuanlang's integrity at all, this kind of tacit understanding made Li Mu feel a little guilty. In addition, Li Mu had always neglected to make Wang Yuanlang one of his own, so Wang Yuanlang knew too much about his private life, which made him feel a little insecure.

Although Wang Yuanlang did his best to protect him, Li Mu also knew that he was doing this now because of Dufy's uncle Shi Xuesong's orders. On the other hand, it was because of the salary he gave him. Shi Xuesong was his absolute superior, so naturally, the majority of the reason. However, once Wang Yuanlang retired in the second half of the year, they would only have an employer-employee relationship. If he wanted to make Wang Yuanlang one of his own, it seemed that he still had to work harder on the psychological aspect.

Thinking of this, Li Mu tried to ask Wang Yuanlang, "Brother Wang, when will you retire this year?"

Wang Yuanlang said, "Li Zong, the three of us will be retiring at the end of November."

Li Mu nodded. He had Wang Yuanlang's information and knew that he wasn't a Yanjing local. His family came from a mountainous village in Qilu province that wasn't very well off. It was also a well-known old revolutionary area. A few years ago, Wang Yuanlang got married and had a son. His wife and child had been living in their hometown.

After understanding his situation, Li Mu deliberately asked him, "Have you thought about bringing your wife and child to Yanjing after you retire?"

Wang Yuanlang smiled indifferently and said, "I haven't thought about it yet. Yanjing's cost of living is too high. Although I'm earning quite a bit from you right now, I still want to separate from my wife and child for a few years and earn some money to buy a commercial house in the city where my family lives. My child is about to go to primary school, and I want him to receive a better education. I can't let him go to school in the village."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "If you consider your child going to school, I feel that Yanjing is definitely better. Not only are the educational resources good, but if your family of three is in Yanjing, it will also have a very positive effect on your child's personality and mentality."

Wang Yuanlang said, "Forget about Yanjing. I heard that it's very difficult for children from other places to go to school in Yanjing. Those good schools aren't for children from other places."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Do you remember the last time I was chatting with the vice president of my company in the car? You were the one driving at that time."

Wang Yuanlang said, "You're talking about Boss Lin, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, it's her. Boss Lin reminded me of this. I'm going to ask the government for help after I'm done with this period of time to give Makino Technology and Taobao a batch of settlement quotas for our freelance work. Your labor contracts with the other two are also signed with Makino Technology. At that time, I'll give you a Yanjing household registration quota, and your child can move with you. But as for sister-in-law, it may take a few years for her to automatically change. But if you're willing, let sister-in-law also come to Makino Technology to apply for a job, and I'll also help her register."

Wang Yuanlang was originally quite calm, but when he heard this, his heart could no longer remain calm.

Yanjing household registration had always been a very scarce resource, and it was difficult for most people from other places to get a Yanjing household registration, let alone move their entire family to Yanjing. The difficulty of this was simply unimaginable. It was not as simple as emigrating, and it might even be more difficult than emigrating in the future.

Wang Yuanlang had never expected to have a Yanjing household registration and bring his wife and children to Yanjing to live and study. He just thought that while he was still young and could still get a high salary as a bodyguard, he would work steadily for a few years and save some money. When his physical condition began to decline, his employer would probably look down on him. At that time, he would go back to his hometown and use the savings he had saved for a few years to start a small business. Basically, he would be able to live a more comfortable life.

However, Li Mu's words seemed to have opened another window in Wang Yuanlang's heart, and he saw a different scenery from the past.

If he could bring his wife and children to Yanjing, and let his children receive education in Yanjing, in the future, not only would there be better educational resources, but the children would also have a broader horizon. Even the college entrance examination would be much easier than that of students from other places. This was a life-long event for the children.

For Wang Yuanlang, he already had no great pursuit in this life. He only hoped to make some money to let his wife and children live a better life. However, what Li Mu said was too tempting for him.

However, Wang Yuanlang was also very clear that Li Mu was a billionaire, and he was responsible for his safety, which was a great responsibility. Moreover, as a personal bodyguard, he also passively knew a lot of Li Mu's private life, including which women he usually met, and his stay at Chen Wan's house last night.

Chen Wan was one of the most popular female hosts in the country at present. Li Mu went up and stayed for a night before coming down. Even a fool could guess what was going on. Although Wang Yuanlang seemed to know nothing on the surface and didn't care about anything, he was really shocked in his heart.

Wang Yuanlang was very clear that it was because of his special employer-employee relationship with Li Mu, and it was also because Li Mu wanted to protect the privacy of his own private life that Li Mu would have this kind of mentality to rope him in.

However, for Wang Yuanlang, this was not necessarily a bad thing.

In fact, although Wang Yuanlang was not good with words and rarely communicated with Li Mu, he admired Li Mu very much in his heart. Not only was his achievements admirable, but also his various efforts in the field of charity, and even his establishment of the Double Support Fund in the Divine Sword Brigade, all proved that this person had strong ability and enough social responsibility. Wang Yuanlang was also willing to follow such a person to do things. Now that Li Mu took the initiative to rope him in, why not?

Thinking of this, Wang Yuanlang opened his mouth and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, thank you so much. The children's schooling is indeed more important than anything else. As for the household registration, please pay more attention to it."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Don't worry, it will definitely be solved within this year."