Chapter 985

After Li Mu agreed to write the script, Wei Lan had many ideas on how Li Mu would deal with her identity and relationship with him in the script.

In her different ideas, she could be Li Mu's subordinate, his business partner, his relative, or his friend. She had thought of all kinds of identities in her mind, but she had never imagined that she would become Li Mu's girlfriend in Li Mu's script.

This idea had appeared in Wei Lan's mind once before. That was when she first thought of adapting her kidnapping case into a movie. She instantly thought of the adaptation method in her mind.

It wasn't that she was well-versed in film and television, but she felt that she really liked this boy who was a few years younger than her. Perhaps it was impossible for her to become his girlfriend in real life. Since that was the case, if she could "become" him in a movie, she would be satisfied.

However, the reason why Wei Lan only thought about it once and didn't dare to think about it again was because she felt that Li Mu would never use this method to show his relationship with her.

But when she opened the script of "Fast Pursuit," she was surprised to find that in the character settings, the relationship between the male lead "Chen Hao" and the female lead "Li Xuan" turned out to be a couple!

This made Wei Lan extremely happy. She didn't expect that Li Mu would choose the method that she most expected, but also most didn't dare to expect, to make their relationship a couple.

The 27-year-old Wei Lan felt like there were countless little deer running around in her heart. With this kind of excitement, she continued to read.

When she saw the red light of her relationship with Li Mu at the beginning of the script, Wei Lan smiled and said to herself, "The character of a workaholic matches the reality quite well. I think if you don't change in the future, it's really possible that your relationship with your girlfriend will turn red because you're always busy with work."

As she spoke, Wei Lan continued to read.

In the script, Song Zhilei's character was renamed "Zhou Dahua," and at the same time, he became the nemesis of the male lead "Chen Hao," which made the female lead "Li Xuan" even more innocent.

In Li Mu's script, the biggest difference between "Li Xuan" and herself was that "Li Xuan" was "absolutely innocent."

She was the one who set a trap for Song Zhilei first, and then Song Zhilei kidnapped her. Strictly speaking, to a certain extent, she also reaped what she sowed. On the other hand, "Li Xuan" was a completely innocent woman. Her boyfriend was busy with work and did not love her enough. Not only that, her boyfriend's nemesis at work also chose to kidnap her in order to take revenge on him. In this way, the character of "Li Xuan" was portrayed without any black marks. It would not cause any controversy, and it could arouse the sympathy and love of the audience for her.

When Wei Lan saw that the male lead "Chen Hao" was impatient with the female lead "Li Xuan", she felt that it was unfair for "Xuan." At the same time, she felt that Li Mu was too heartless. At the crucial moment when the female lead was kidnapped, he actually refused to pick up the kidnapper's phone for the meeting. Li. He Mu to be to to to the female lead. He really had the Hao to be the Xuan.

However, there was a huge twist in the story.

When "Chen Hao" found out that "Li Xuan" was kidnapped, he immediately became nervous. While fighting with the kidnapper, he even took out a proposal ring that he had bought a long time ago from the office drawer. At this point, Wei Lan finally understood that the "Chen Hao" in the script was absolutely in love with "Li Xuan." It was just that his personality made him unwilling to give in to Li Xuan, so the two were always at odds with each other, unable to find the best way to get along.

Wei Lan couldn't help but slap the table in admiration at this small design. Just by taking out a ring, the male lead's image of selfishness that the audience had been left with was instantly reversed. In an instant, the audience realized that his feelings for "Li Xuan" were actually very deep. At the moment when the female lead was kidnapped, the male lead's actions won him a lot of popularity and recognition in front of the audience.

From this moment onwards, the plot of a man racking his brains and trying everything to rescue the woman he loved began.

As she read on, Wei Lan was gradually attracted by Li Mu's exquisite plot arrangement, especially as the plot continued to advance. As a person who experienced it personally, she was still a little overwhelmed by the rhythm of Li Mu's script.

When she saw "Chen Hao" use a special method to locate "Li Xuan", Wei Lan's heart also beat wildly with excitement.

In the end, when she saw "Chen Hao" propose to "Li Xuan" without saying a word, and "Li Xuan" reached out her hand to signify her agreement, Wei Lan couldn't help but cry. The story had a great ending. "Li Xuan" was not only rescued unscathed, but her relationship with "Chen Hao" had also finally warmed up and achieved a huge breakthrough. The successful proposal also meant that they were about to enter the marriage hall. This was considered the ultimate stage of love, so the ending was perfect on every level.

After reading the entire script, Wei Lan not only had tears streaming down her face, but she also couldn't calm down for a long time. Originally, she didn't really have much hope for the adapted movie. She only thought that if this movie was filmed, it would be a great help to Li Mu's Skynet surveillance system. As long as it was helpful to Li Mu, she would naturally agree with it.

However, she never expected that Li Mu would use less than two days to come up with such a high-quality script. It was simply amazing!

When Li Mu came out of the shower, Wei Lan sent him a long string of messages on YY.

"I've finished reading the script. It's really amazing!"

"You're really a genius. Although the story itself hasn't changed much, the story's background has changed a lot, especially the love scenes between the male and female protagonists. Although there are almost no direct scenes between them, the development of their relationship and the reflection of their true feelings are vividly shown through various small details!"

"I can't wait to see this movie in the cinema!"

"By the way, who do you want to act in this movie?

Especially the male and female protagonists. "

"Also, also, I'm very satisfied with the script. However, after reading it, I have a thought. Isn't the name 'High-Speed Pursuit' a little inappropriate?

In comparison, I think 'rescue' is more in line with the theme of this movie! "

Li Mu sat down in front of the computer and finished reading Wei Lan's message. His eyes lit up and he said with a smile, "Now that you mention it, I'm suddenly enlightened. The name 'High-Speed Pursuit' highlights the punishment of evil. If it's changed to 'High-Speed Rescue', then it would be more in line with the theme of the movie!"

Wei Lan immediately replied, "I think so too. 'High-Speed Rescue' is a great name. Not only does it fit the theme, but it also fits the feelings of the male and female protagonists!"

Li Mu immediately said, "Then it's' High-Speed Rescue '. As for the cast, I haven't thought about it yet. Let's talk to the Yanjing Municipal Public Security Bureau first."

…

The next day, when the Municipal Public Security Bureau's news center saw the script of "High-Speed Rescue," all the police officers at the publicity area were excited by the excellent script.

They had high comments about the script, so high that Gu Jianghe couldn't believe it.

Gu Jianghe even personally reviewed the entire script. After reading the entire script, Gu Jianghe couldn't help but give Li Mu a thumbs up in his heart.

"This guy is really a freak. He can even play the script so well. After all, this case was personally experienced by him. But Li Mu changed the script so that he himself began to doubt which was more real, the script or his own experience?" Li Mu thought.

Why did she feel that Li Mu's half-true script made her feel more real? Why did she feel that it was made of flesh and blood instead?

Moreover, Li Mu was also skillful in dealing with all kinds of relationships, appearances, and conflicts.

In the entire script, there was no place that highlighted the Yanjing Municipal Public Security Bureau's incompetence or incompetence.

There were two objective reasons why the Municipal Public Security Bureau couldn't find any clues about the kidnappers.

First, the surveillance coverage was insufficient, so they couldn't find any valuable surveillance footage.

Second, the kidnappers were indeed too smart. They hid all the clues that could be hidden, and even left many fake clues to confuse the police, causing them to take many detours.

In the script, Li Mu wrote that the kidnappers were exceptionally smart, which made it seem natural for the police to take detours. This formed a direct causal relationship with the previous foreshadowing.

Moreover, for the sake of the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau's image, Li Mu specially set up a dialogue for the kidnappers in the script. The general content was that after the kidnapping was successful, the kidnappers would communicate privately, claiming that they had done it flawlessly this time. No matter how capable the police were, they wouldn't be able to lock onto their location within 24 or 48 hours.

This paragraph once again cleared the name of the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau. In a situation where the kidnappers were so smart, even though the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau worked very hard, it was almost impossible for them to find the correct clues within 24 hours.

The seemingly impossible task was finally accomplished by the superhuman "male lead." This would only highlight the male lead's great image, but it wouldn't bring any discredit to the Municipal Public Security Bureau's image.

In Gu Jianghe's opinion, this movie had too many highlights.

First of all, it was a great warning to criminals.

Second of all, it had a strong hint to strengthen the city's surveillance system.

Third of all, the theme of good people ending well and evil people getting what they deserve was highlighted very clearly.

Finally, the exciting plot setting and the touching love story background made the movie have a strong commercial element. This also indicated that this movie had a higher commercial value than other mainstream movies. To put it bluntly, it had the ability to make money!

Gu Jianghe was so excited that he immediately sent the script to the Golden Shield Film and Television Cultural Center of the Ministry of Public Security. This was the main publicity base of the Ministry of Public Security. In his opinion, such a good script was not something that a unit at the level of the Municipal Public Security Bureau could handle. He had to report it to the Ministry.

In just half a day, seven or eight directors in the Ministry who specialized in mainstream movies called Gu Jianghe one after another. These directors, who were usually arrogant, were extremely polite and complimentary to Gu Jianghe on the phone. There was only one real purpose, and that was: they hoped to direct "Speed Rescue".

Before this wave of directors was finished, a large number of directors from the society somehow got to know about the script, and they called Gu Jianghe one after another.

What surprised Gu Jianghe the most was that there were a few top domestic directors among them. Almost as soon as they saw the script, they immediately made a decision and expressed their desire to direct it.

Gu Jianghe did not expect that as soon as he submitted the script to the Ministry, there would be so many directors rushing to shoot it. Many of them even explicitly asked him to help fight for the opportunity to direct the movie.