Chapter 322

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.

By Wednesday, Happy Farm had already created a miracle in the domestic Internet field.

There were more than eight million online users every day, and more than five million of them had been signing in every day for a week. From the data, the user stickiness had far surpassed that of QQ, and even surpassed all the websites and clients in the country. It had become the most sought after product on the domestic Internet.

It was also on this day that Li Mu and Chen Ze agreed to meet to talk about investing in the company.

Li Mu did not choose to talk in the company, but chose to talk in a high-end teahouse. The two found a quiet private room and chatted while sipping tea.

Because he had asked Hui Ka Ming to help him find out in advance, even if Li Mu did not say why he wanted to meet him, Chen Ze knew in his heart.

The two sat together and chatted for a while. Chen Ze asked Li Mu about writing songs for Du Wei, and Li Mu said casually, "I prepared two songs for Du Wei this time. They are almost finished. When the time comes, let her choose one to use as an interlude in the movie 'Old Boys', and record the other as a single for her. I will put them together on the Easy Listening website."

When Chen Ze heard that Li Mu had prepared two songs for Du Wei, he could not help but thank him. "Thank you so much, Li Mu. Now I can report to Dufy."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You don't have to be so polite between us. Moreover, I have a very good impression of Du Wei. I am willing to let her sing the songs."

Chen Ze could not help but ask him, "It has only been a few days, and you have written two songs?"

Li Mu said lightly, "How can it be so fast? On average, it takes a month to prepare a song. However, I happen to have a few semi-mature works that have not been published. I can take out two of them and change them for Du Wei."

When Chen Ze heard that Li Mu had taken out his almost finished works for Du Wei, he immediately said, "Good brother, I owe you a big favor this time!"

For Chen Ze, it was a small matter whether he made money or not. Even if he invested in Li Mu's Makino Technology, it was far less important than Dufy to him. He was born in a family of officials and businessmen. His father was in a high position, and his mother's family business was so large that he did not have to worry about money for the rest of his life. Chen Ze, who was already a winner in life in his twenties, had only one goal at the moment, which was Dufy. His biggest dream was to bring Dufy back from the United States, marry him, and then spoil her for the rest of her life. If she wanted to go to heaven or go to hell, he would do everything to satisfy her.

Because of his obsession with Dufy, Chen Ze was especially grateful to Li Mu for this favor. Dufy rarely asked him for help. Even when she asked him to accompany Du Wei to shoot a film last time, she used a commanding tone.

But this time was different. She asked him for help very formally, and from her tone, it seemed that she attached great importance to this matter.

Therefore, Chen Ze especially hoped that Li Mu could write a good song for Du Wei, so that Dufy would be satisfied. Now Li Mu actually said that he had prepared two songs for Du Wei, how could he not be excited?

Li Mu said, "I will finish the two songs on the weekend. At that time, I will call Xiaowei out and let her choose by herself."

Chen Ze said hurriedly, "You must call me!

How about going to my house? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, you provide a place on the weekend. If Xiaowei can learn these two songs quickly, I will hurry to find a recording studio next week and record these two songs with her."

Chen Ze asked him, "Now, are the lyrics or the tune not done?"

Li Mu said, "The tune is not done yet, but the lyrics have been done."

Chen Ze said hurriedly, "Can you send me the lyrics later? I will send them to Dufy."

Li Mu asked him in surprise, "Why are you in such a hurry?

It's not very meaningful to show her the lyrics, is it?

Why don't you send her the demo after it's finished? "

Chen Ze said calmly, "It's okay. Let her see the lyrics first and see if she has any opinions. Dufy is a very picky person. She doesn't like the songs in the simple plan."

Li Mu said in his heart that the songs in the simple plan were also given by him. The key was that the styles of the songs were different. The songs in the simple plan were inspirational songs, except for "Li Bai". But this time, the two songs chosen for Du Wei, "In a Hurry" and "In My Voice," were emotional songs with strong feelings. The lyrics and music were the best Chinese songs. He didn't know if they could enter Dufy's eyes.

In addition, Chen Ze's child-like appearance also surprised Li Mu. Usually, Chen Ze was calm and introverted, but when it came to feelings, he seemed to be a little stupid. However, such a person was also interesting. At least he valued feelings.

So Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "I will send the lyrics of the two songs to your email when I go back tonight. You can send them to Dufy and let her have a look."

Chen Ze patted his thigh and said excitedly, "Great!

Then I'll wait for your email! "

Li Mu shook his head helplessly and said, "Then let's talk about Makino Technology. Brother, things are going well now. If you are interested, why don't you come in and participate in some shares? I can't guarantee other things, but I'm sure that the value of Makino Technology will increase by ten times in the next five years."

Chen Ze nodded and said with a smile, "Now everyone is so optimistic about Makino Technology. Although I don't know much about the Internet, I still have enough confidence in you. Since you are willing to let me come in and play, then I will buy a long-term meal ticket from you. How much do you want me to invest?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "According to the valuation given by Mingcheng Capital, I will give you a 50% discount. You can invest five points. How about that?"

Chen Ze was also a sensible person. He knew the general intention in Li Mu's heart. It was reasonable to say that if Li Mu wanted him to become a shareholder and support the background of Makino Technology, even giving him five points of shares was not a big deal. People who wanted to give him shares of the company could line up at his door, but Li Mu did not want to.

From the beginning to the end, Li Mu did not mean to give him shares. He just gave him a discount and let him buy it with money. However, the meaning revealed in this was also very obvious. Li Mu did want him to be the background of Makino Technology, but he was not ready to worship him like a Buddha. Instead, he wanted him to spend money to invest …

Thinking of this, Chen Ze felt that Li Mu was indeed an interesting person, and he was indeed worth befriending. In his opinion, only those who put themselves on the same level as him could become friends. Those who put themselves on the same level as him could never become friends with those who put themselves on the same level as him.

What's more, those people who lowered themselves and came to him, Chen Ze had never accepted them. First, he was not short of money, and second, he could not give others a reason to cheat his own father. Even if Li Mu gave him shares, he still would not accept them.

However, it was different to spend money to buy shares. It was better for friends to settle accounts clearly. As for the discount that Li Mu gave him, Chen Ze also accepted it with a clear conscience. Because he had invested in Makino Technology's shares, if Makino Technology needed his help in the future, it would become his obligation. So, he felt that it was fair to exchange this for a 50% discount from Li Mu.

So, Chen Ze agreed almost without thinking and blurted out, "I will use a shell to do it. At that time, I will sign the contract with Jiaming with you."

Li Mu smiled and reminded, "Jiaming's money is in the company's account, and your money is in my personal pocket. I have to make it clear to you in advance."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Up to you. I am not the capital. I don't care how you use the money."

Li Mu saw that he was so straightforward, so he didn't say anything more. He nodded and said, "Then let's sign the contract on Friday."

…

Li Mu didn't have dinner with Chen Ze. Instead, he asked Su Yingxue to have hot pot together. After dinner, Li Mu asked Su Yingxue if she wanted to listen to the two songs he had written. After all, he had promised to let Su Yingxue be the first listener.

Su Yingxue agreed almost without thinking. She was so excited that she was tricked to Yucheng Garden by Li Mu in the name of listening to songs.

This was the first time that Su Yingxue came here with Li Mu after they got together. For Li Mu, a man and a woman alone in such a private space were going to do something bad. However, Su Yingxue didn't think that there was a trick in it. As soon as she entered the door, she said to Li Mu excitedly, "I want to listen to songs …"

Li Mu turned his head to look at her. He smirked and picked up Su Yingxue. He said teasingly, "Now that you are here, you are a sheep in a tiger's mouth."

Su Yingxue screamed and was held in Li Mu's arms. She looked down at his face, bit her lower lip shyly, and asked him, "What do you want to do …"

Li Mu kissed her deeply on the lips. Their breathing gradually became heavier, and Li Mu couldn't help hugging Su Yingxue tighter.

Su Yingxue didn't have any experience of intimate contact. She had only learned how to kiss a few days ago. Being intimate with Li Mu in such an ambiguous position made her blush so red that it was almost dripping blood. Li Mu held Su Yingxue's body with one hand, and his other hand instinctively slid to the side of Su Yingxue's body. He was about to explore along the hem of the down jacket. She had worn too much in winter. In addition to a knitted sweater, there was actually a thermal underwear inside.

Just as Li Mu's hand was about to find the hem of the thermal underwear, he felt a sudden pain on the tip of his tongue. He looked at Su Yingxue again, who looked at him with a face full of shame and resentment. She said reproachfully, "You said you were going to sing for me. Why did you act like a hooligan?"

Li Mu stopped what he was doing and said with a smile, "How can kissing my girlfriend be called a hooligan?"

Su Yingxue stared at Li Mu with her beautiful eyes. "What are you doing with your hand?"

Li Mu said shamelessly, "You're wearing too much. There's enough heating in the room. I'm afraid you'll be hot."

Su Yingxue pouted. "Stop quibbling. Put me down first."

Li Mu didn't want Su Yingxue to feel that things were going too fast, so he gently put her down. As soon as Su Yingxue's feet landed on the ground, she asked Li Mu with a guilty face, "Did I bite you just now?"

Li Mu nodded. "There's a taste of blood in my mouth."

Su Yingxue asked him nervously, "Really?

Let me see if you're bleeding. "