Chapter 1602

At this moment, William, who was on the other side of the ocean, successfully arrived in Manchester after a few hours of driving.

His motorcade went straight to the training center of the Manchester City Football Club, where all the club's executives and the entire coaching staff had been waiting for a long time.

In this old imperialist country, most people still had a very deep relationship with the royal family. Therefore, the visit of an important member of the royal family was a very important event for any British club or even enterprise. Moreover, there were too few Premier League clubs that could enjoy this privilege.

Because of this, everyone in the Manchester City Football Club was very excited about William's arrival.

William came this time with a team of royal photographers, because this visit was not a secret visit, but an open one to the media and the outside world. However, in order to create a time gap, he adopted the same strategy as Li Mu's visit to Buckingham Palace. He first came low-key, and after he left, he would publicize it in a high-profile manner.

As soon as the motorcade stopped in front of the Manchester City Football Club's office building, several photographers sitting in the first car quickly got out and set up their camera equipment. Then, William, who was sitting in the third car, stepped out of the car after the driver opened the door.

When William got out of the car, CEO Alister immediately went forward and shook hands with William warmly and nervously. He said sincerely, "Your Royal Highness, welcome to your visit!

I'm Alister, CEO of the Manchester City Football Club. It's an honor to meet you. "

William smiled humbly. "Hello, Mr. Alister. I've heard of your name for a long time. It's an honor to finally have the opportunity to meet you today."

Alister hurriedly said, "Your Royal Highness, you're too kind. All our players and staff have been waiting since morning when we heard you were coming."

With that, Alister introduced the executives, including the manager, to William one by one.

After William shook hands with everyone, he said with a smile, "It's been hard on you all. I didn't want to trouble you, but I'm a die-hard fan of the Manchester City team and haven't had a chance to visit. This time I really hope to be able to come over and meet you all before you go out to play the third game of the season."

The Manchester City Football Club had been established for more than a hundred years, and no member of the royal family had ever visited. Moreover, Prince William not only claimed to be a die-hard fan, but even drove several hours from such a distant place, which really gave the Manchester City Football Club enough face.

At this time, William added, "By the way, Mr. Alister, there's one more thing I'd like to trouble you and the Manchester City club with."

"Your Highness," said Alistair hurriedly.

William said, "I want to go to Blackburn Rovers tomorrow to watch your away game against Blackburn Rovers live. At that time, I hope to go to the players' locker room to greet everyone. If it's possible, please help me arrange it."

Alister did not expect Prince William to go to Blackburn Rovers to watch the team play. He was excited, but he could not help but wonder what Prince William was doing.

How did he suddenly become a die-hard fan of the team?

It was not enough for him to come to the club to offer his condolences. He still had to watch the team play. It was better to stay here and watch the team play. However, the key was that the next game was an away game. That meant that he had come from London today and would have to go to Blackburn Rovers tomorrow.

However, in the next second, Alister understood the reason behind it.

He suddenly thought of his boss, Li Mu, and then associated it with Prince William's actions on the issue of education. He immediately had an epiphany!

The reason why Prince William suddenly became a die-hard fan of the Manchester City club must be to repay Li Mu's favor.

After figuring this out, all of Prince William's actions immediately became reasonable in Alister's eyes.

Then, Alister hurriedly said to William, "Your Highness, if you go to Blackburn Rovers tomorrow, I will arrange a VIP box for you. You can go in and out of the players' lounge at will before the game starts and during halftime."

William hurriedly asked him, "Isn't that too much trouble for you?

I don't need a VIP box. I just need access to the players' lounge. "

"We are the away team, and the home team will arrange for two VIP boxes for us. This is customary in the game."

William nodded and thanked him. He said, "Mr. Alister, if it's convenient now, please take me to see the players."

Alister hurriedly said, "No problem. Let's go to the training base first, and then I will accompany you to visit our club's exhibition hall."

William smiled and said, "Okay."

In fact, the main purpose of William's visit this time was to help the Manchester City club maintain its image. It was also his way of returning the favor to Li Mu before he went to Hua Xia.

His father, Prince Charles, was more astute than him. He guessed Li Mu's real intention of buying the Manchester City club, so he specifically reminded William that he must focus on more contact with the two Hua Xia players when he came to the Manchester City club this time. Not only should he give them more encouragement and recognition, but he also had to express his desire to see more Hua Xia players play in the Premier League. This would cater to Li Mu's mentality to a large extent.

Charles analyzed Li Mu and felt that Li Mu, as an out-and-out nationalist, must be more inclined to the Hua Xia nation in this kind of matter. Therefore, he had a hunch that Li Mu should be most concerned about the development of the two Hua Xia players in England.

William deeply agreed with his father's observation and analysis, so he had been trying to get the Chinese pronunciation of Sun Jihai and Dong Fangzhuo's names on the way here.

At this time on the Manchester City team's training ground, the home team's players knew that Prince William was coming and had been waiting for a long time.

When Prince William arrived at the training ground accompanied by Alister and others, the players were all very excited, especially the British players. Before shaking hands with Prince William, they had to first bow in a gentleman's manner. Their gestures were full of respect and affection for the royal family.

Although Sun Jihai and Dong Fangzhuo were not so excited, they were more or less a little nervous. They had not seen the British royal family before. They must be a little nervous to meet such a heavyweight prince who was the second in line to the throne.

Prince William shook hands with all the players one by one. When he came in front of Ronaldo, he specially praised him, "You're Cristiano Ronaldo, right?

I've heard your club boss, Mr Lee Li Mu, mention you before. He was full of praise for you. Moreover, your debut in the last game was really amazing. Mr Li Mu's vision is really very accurate! "

Ronaldo smiled shyly and said, "Your Royal Highness, you flatter me. I haven't done well enough. I'll work hard to play better in the future."

William smiled and said, "You're so talented and so humble. Mr Ronaldo, I'm very optimistic about your future career. I also hope that you can work together with the Manchester City team and grow together."

Ronaldo nodded repeatedly and said seriously, "Please rest assured, Your Royal Highness, I will!"

William nodded slightly and smiled as he came in front of the Hua Xia player beside him.

He was the first to come in front of Sun Jihai. He glanced at the jersey number in front of Sun Jihai and said three Chinese words that were not very standard from memory, "Ni Shi Shun — Chick — Kid?"

Although Prince William's pronunciation was not standard enough, Sun Jihai quickly understood what he said. He asked in English with a surprised and pleasantly surprised face, "How does Your Royal Highness know my name …"

Prince William smiled slightly and said in English, "I'm a die-hard fan of the Manchester City team. How could I not know you, the iron guard of the Manchester City team? Your performance in the team was very good, and it also let the British audience see the excellence of Hua Xia football players. I hope you can continue to work hard and become a role model for Hua Xia football players in the English Premier League, so as to attract more Hua Xia football players to the United Kingdom and Europe."

Sun Jihai was suddenly a little moved. He nodded repeatedly and said, "Thank you for your praise, Your Royal Highness. I will do my best!"

Prince William shook hands with him again and said with a smile, "I'll go to Blackburn tomorrow to watch your game. I wish you a good performance in advance."

Sun Jihai said gratefully, "Thank you, Your Royal Highness."

Then, Prince William came to Dong Fangzhuo and said with a smile, "You should be on the east table, right?"

Dong Fangzhuo understood Prince William's broken Chinese, but his English was poor, and he was a little shy. He suddenly became a little nervous and stammered, "Yeah — yeah, yeah, oh … oh, Em …"

Prince William saw that he was very nervous, so he patted him on the shoulder with a smile and said, "Don't be so nervous. I heard that you are one of the most promising young players in Hua Xia, and I welcome you to the United Kingdom and Manchester City. I also hope you can do well here."

Dong Fangzhuo could not understand the long string of English that he said. Fortunately, there was a Chinese translator assigned to him by the club, who directly translated the sentence into Chinese and told him.

Dong Fangzhuo nodded repeatedly and stammered, "Thank-you."

Prince William smiled and said, "You're welcome. Come on, I hope to see you play for Manchester City as soon as possible."

Manager Kevin Keegan said with a smile, "Your Royal Highness, we plan to let Dong Fangzhuo play in the second half against Blackburn Rovers tomorrow."

"Oh?" Prince William asked in surprise, "There's a chance to play tomorrow?"

Kevin Keegan nodded and said with a smile, "We'll try our best to arrange for Dong Fangzhuo to play and experience it."

Prince William said approvingly, "That's good. Only by playing in the game can he integrate into the team as quickly as possible."

Later, William shook hands and greeted the other Manchester City players one by one, and the whole process was captured by the royal cameraman's camera without missing a single frame.

A few hours later, the material would be roughly edited and sent to the major British media. The news of his visit to the Manchester City club would also be broadcast on the evening news.

The Manchester City club had already made headlines in the major British mainstream media several times because of Li Mu, as well as Li Mu's anger against Manchester United's shareholders and manager. This time, the heat would not be inferior to the previous times …