Chapter 63

At six o 'clock the next morning, Papa Lee and Li Ma had already gotten up and started washing up. After Papa Lee brushed his teeth and rinsed his mouth, he said to Li Ma, "Honey, I'll go to the station to buy the tickets first."

Li Ma, who was brushing her teeth, nodded. When Papa Lee turned around and walked out of the bathroom, she suddenly remembered something and hurriedly chased after him. She said in a muffled voice, "It's only ten hours to Wen City. Why don't we take the hard seats? It'll save us a lot of money."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "I want to buy the hard seats, but your sister-in-law is with us. Isn't it a little inappropriate to take the hard seats?"

Only then did Li Ma remember and said hurriedly, "Then let's take the hard seats!"

"Okay."

Papa Lee responded and turned around to go out. Li Ma returned to the bathroom to brush her teeth in front of the mirror. In just ten seconds, Papa Lee came back. Li Ma asked in surprise, "Why are you back?"

Papa Lee raised his hand and held up three train tickets. "Here, the tickets are here."

"Magic!" Li Ma was stunned. "How can it be so fast?"

"Your son bought them."

Papa Lee shrugged and said with a gratified face, "The tickets are on the coffee table. He probably went out to buy them last night."

"This child …" Li Ma smiled bitterly. "Does he think that his father has entered old age early?

He's afraid that you'll make trouble for him just to buy the tickets? "

Papa Lee sighed. "Oh, he's not afraid that I'll make trouble for him. He's afraid that we'll suffer for saving money."

As he said this, he handed the tickets to Li Ma. "Here, look, soft berth. One upper berth and two lower berths, and they're in the same box."

Li Ma glanced at the price on the note. At that moment, she felt a little pained. But when she thought of her son's efforts, she was very touched. She said to Papa Lee, "With such a good son, we will probably enjoy endless happiness for the rest of our lives."

When Li Mu woke up, it was already past ten o 'clock. As soon as he opened his eyes, he heard the sound of conversation in the living room. After he got dressed, he realized that it was his aunt.

As soon as Sun Qinqin saw Li Mu coming out, she hurriedly greeted him with a smile, "Li Mu, you're awake."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "When did Little Aunt come?"

"I've been here for a while."

Today, when Little Aunt looked at Li Mu again, the way she looked at him was completely different from before. Although the boy in front of her was her junior, she heard from her second sister and brother-in-law about his ability. He was indeed a little amazing.

A young man in his early 18s had earned enough money to spend hundreds of thousands to open a shop for his parents. This had always been unimaginable in her eyes. If Papa Lee Li Ma hadn't told her personally, she wouldn't have believed it.

When Li Mu went to Wen City to sign the contract, she had already learned everything from Papa Lee Li Ma. Faced with such a good opportunity, she was so excited that she couldn't sleep for the whole night.

Sun Qinqin was excited not only because of the 1,500 yuan that Papa Lee Li Ma had promised her, but also because of her desire for new things in her heart.

She wasn't considered old. She married Li Mu's uncle at the age of 18. Now, she was only in her early 30s and had a strong ability to accept new things. In addition, she had done a lot of work over the years, so she was slightly more knowledgeable than the average state-owned enterprise worker.

Recently, when Sun Qinqin started working in the supermarket, she discovered that the various rules and systems behind the supermarket were very attractive to her. From the placement of goods to the sales staff's promotion, to the concept of the supply chain that she had heard sporadically, Sun Qinqin had a strong thirst for knowledge.

As the training time was getting closer, Sun Qinqin took the initiative to visit, wanting to learn more information so that she could be fully prepared.

Papa Lee Li Ma also didn't know much about the entire plan of the store. As they chatted, they realized that they couldn't answer Sun Qinqin's questions. Just then, Li Mu woke up.

Li Mu sat on the sofa and listened to some of his aunt's questions. Most of them were about the specific duties of a store manager, and some were about the future of this industry.

"Aunt, many of your questions are actually the key points of this training. The head office has systematic teaching materials and case studies, which will teach you how to be a good store manager, how to manage your own team, and how to stimulate the team to the best of their ability. As for the future of this industry, I personally am very optimistic about it."

Li Mu hadn't made clothes before, so he couldn't answer the specific questions.

His aunt nodded and said nervously and expectantly, "I'm very interested in these things, but I don't know if I have the ability to do it well."

Li Mu smiled. "As long as you put your heart into it, you'll definitely be able to do it well!"

His aunt didn't stay too long in Li Mu's house. She still had to go back to cook for the family, so after chatting for a while, she stood up and said goodbye. After sending his aunt off, Li Mu quickly went to the bathroom to wash up. After he was done, he received a call from an unknown number.

As soon as the call went through, the other party immediately introduced himself.

Jinling Chengyu Construction and Engineering Co., Ltd.

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. It was the decoration company appointed by the provincial agent.

They're contacting me so soon?

On the phone, the other party told Li Mu that they needed to first send a collection team to take photos of the facade, measure the actual size, and then hand it over to the designer to draw the drawings according to the decoration manual appointed by the head office. After the construction drawings, design renderings, and quotations were done, they would communicate with Li Mu. If there were no problems, they could immediately send a construction team over to do the work.

Li Mu asked about the approximate construction time of the 170-180 square meters, and the other party's reply was 20 to 25 days. Most of the materials were appointed by the head office, and the shelves were shipped directly by the head office, so the renovation was very fast.

Li Mu was quite satisfied with the timing, and immediately set a time for the data collection with the other party, which was tomorrow afternoon.

Thinking about it, he really had a lot of things to do tomorrow. In the morning, he had to go to the driving school, get into classes, and then start practicing. In the afternoon, he had to take some time to accompany the people from the decoration company to collect data. His parents and little aunt's train would be at seven o 'clock in the evening, and he definitely had to send them off …

As for the simple plan for the semi-finals tomorrow night, he definitely did not have time to go. Thinking about it, he could not be like a nanny, following them for every competition. Otherwise, when they went to Beijing for the finals, how was he going to be able to afford it?

…

Zhao Kang had not seen Li Mu for a few days. He wanted to ask him out for dinner, but Li Mu rejected him. The reason was very simple, he promised Su Yingxue that he would be having dinner with the goddess tonight.

After knowing the truth, Zhao Kang did not blame Li Mu for valuing his girlfriend over his friends. Over the phone, he prepared to tell Li Mu about the recent situation.

Li Mu said, "How about this, after lunch, let's go to the Green Island Igloo for a while and talk face to face."

"Deal!"

At this moment, there was not a single coffee shop in Haizhou. There were only a few tea houses and igloo. The tea houses were filled with middle-aged people playing cards. The igloo was a popular place for young people. There were booths and private rooms. Just order a few yuan of ice cream, and you could sit in the air-conditioned room for a day in the midsummer.

After lunch, Li Mu and Zhao Kang took a taxi to the Green Island Igloo and found a relatively quiet booth on the second floor.

After sitting down, Li Mu ordered some cold drinks and snacks, and asked Zhao Kang, "How did it feel to go to Beijing?"

Zhao Kang smacked his lips and had a yearning look on his face. "A big city is a big city. There are hundreds of bus routes, and there are also subways. That Zhongguancun is also very powerful. Many Internet companies are gathered there."

Li Mu nodded. "Zhongguancun will definitely be half of the Internet companies in Hua Xia in the future."

"I also went to Renmin University and the vocational college I applied to to take a look."

Zhao Kang smiled and said, "We are very close to each other. The bus is two stops away, and we are also very close to Zhongguancun. It will only take a few stops to get there."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then it will be our home ground in the future. It's good to take a look in advance."

Zhao Kang asked, "By the way, what have you been busy with these few days?

I heard from Mom and Dad that Uncle Li and Aunt Xiao have applied to be laid off. "

"Yes, you heard about it too?"

"It's not just heard about it. Now the people at Xiling Coal Mine are spreading rumors that Uncle Li and Aunt Xiao are preparing to go into the sea and are not interested in working at Xiling Coal Mine."

Li Mu smiled helplessly. Everyone thought that people who took the initiative to leave state-owned enterprises were going into the sea. Although it was a little vague, it was basically correct.

As soon as they talked about this topic, Li Mu thought of Guo Yuhang, and a trace of hostility flashed across his face.

Zhao Kang keenly caught the unnatural expression on Li Mu's face. "What's wrong?

You seem to have something on your mind? "

"Yes." Li Mu nodded and told him his guess.

"Damn, this must be Guo Yuhang's doing!" After listening to Li Mu's analysis, Zhao Kang deduced without hesitation.

Immediately, Zhao Kang asked Li Mu, "Should we find a chance to teach him a lesson?

Find two or three people, get a gunny sack, and find a suitable opportunity to put it on his head. Beat him up, and then run away. The police won't be able to find out who did it! "

"There's no point."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Beating someone up is the most boring solution. Plus, his father is rich and powerful. If he finds connections with the police and pursues the case with all his might, there's an 80% chance that they will find us. By then, it will be a direct confrontation. Guo Lin has been the mine manager for so many years. He must have embezzled at least tens of millions. If he threw money at us, we would be dead."

"Then what should we do?"

Zhao Kang blurted out, "Just because of such a small matter, he used his evil thoughts on Uncle and Auntie, can you swallow this?"

"Of course I can't."

A hint of ruthlessness appeared in Li Mu's eyes. "If we want to teach Guo Yuhang a lesson, we must first find the flaws in him and his family. Who knows, we might be able to turn the tables."