Chapter 424

No matter how strong and rational a person was, there would always be a limit to what they could endure. Zhang Juan had already exceeded her limit after what she had gone through the whole day. However, she couldn't imagine that everything she had experienced during the day was actually just a warm-up that Li Mu had instructed Xu Jianjun to arrange for her. The real killer move had yet to be unleashed.

After suffering for the whole day, Zhang Juan slumped on the sofa. She thought that she was about to become mentally ill, but the damn doorbell rang again.

Zhang Juan's scalp was about to explode. She ran to the kitchen, grabbed a knife, and stormed to the door. As soon as she opened the door, she was about to swing the knife at someone, but she found that there was no one at the door again.

However, this time, there were no lit newspapers on the floor, nor was there any sh * t. There was a thick brown paper folder on the floor.

Zhang Juan suppressed her anger and used the kitchen knife to open the folder. She carefully looked inside.

She originally thought that it was another unscrupulous prank, but this time, there was no sh * t or other disgusting things inside. It seemed to be a thick stack of documents.

Zhang Juan was confused. She picked up the folder and casually pulled out the thick stack of documents.

However, the picture on the top of the stack made her feel as if she had been struck by lightning.

On the first piece of paper, there was an image of her husband and a woman lying naked on the bed. Her husband even had a cigarette in his hand. It looked very much like when he was done. As for the woman, she quickly recognized her. She was the female host of the television station, Ma Weiwei!

Zhang Juan was so angry that her whole body trembled at the door. However, her instincts drove her to continue looking at the photos. As she continued looking, the pictures became even more unbearable!

There were several pictures of Zhan Yun naked and Ma Weiwei in a nurse's uniform fighting fiercely. Each picture was in a different place. On the bed, under the bed, at the head of the bed, on the bed, on the sofa, on the chair, on the coffee table, on the floor …

Moreover, each picture was in a different position. There were no duplicates.

She scrolled to the back. There were also pictures taken by her husband while he was driving. There were pictures of him entering and exiting the residential area. However, the name of the residential area was missing!

Zhang Juan didn't even need to think to know that someone was telling her that her husband had cheated on her. Moreover, it was with a famous female host of the TV station!

After a whole day of darkness and torture, as well as being ignored by her husband many times, she was already on the verge of going berserk. These photos were not the straw that broke the camel's back, but the mountain that broke the camel's back!

And Li Mu wanted to make Zhang Juan fall into madness step by step.

Zhang Juan was absolutely furious. The irrefutable evidence of her husband's affair was right in her hands. Never in her wildest dreams would she have imagined that he would actually be fooling around with another woman. Most importantly, the woman he was fooling around with was the young and beautiful Ma Weiwei. The two of them had worked together for so many years. Who knew when they had hooked up?!

Thinking back to the past few years, Zhan Yun had very little sex with her. Every time she asked for it, he would either say he was tired or that he was in pain. He even talked about his kidney deficiency every day. She didn't expect him to play so intensely with the vixen!

How could he tell that he was suffering from kidney deficiency?

When she thought about how she had suffered so much today, but he still looked so impatient with her, Zhang Juan's heart itched with hatred. No wonder, it turns out that he has a woman outside!

He didn't even take it to heart when she was beaten up at night and hurriedly left. He said he had a business meeting, but did he really have a business meeting?

Could it be that right now, he was hugging that vixen, Ma Weiwei, and rolling around on some hotel bed?

The more Zhang Juan thought about it, the more she felt that the possibility of her guess was very high. Right now, her brain's mode of thinking was completely extreme. She didn't even have a shred of rationality left. All she had in her mind was to find that heartless b * stard Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei, that stinky b * tch who seduced her husband, and then make them pay the price!

At that moment, Zhang Juan's phone received a call from an unknown number. She immediately picked it up and heard a strange, hoarse voice say, "Your husband has been with Ma Weiwei behind your back for so many years. To be honest, your husband is in bed with Ma Weiwei right now. Do you want to know where the two of them are?"

When Zhang Juan heard that, she knew it!

She cried so hard at night, but Zhan Yun didn't take it to heart. It turned out that he had gone to meet that vixen!

Extremely furious, she yelled like a madwoman, "Where are the two of them?

Where are that b * stard Zhan Yun and that shameless b * tch Ma Weiwei? "

The hoarse voice on the phone said, "You have half an hour to prepare. I'll call you again in half an hour and tell you their exact address. I'll help you catch them in bed." Then, the call was hung up.

Zhang Juan clenched her teeth so hard that she almost broke them. She sent her son to the neighbor's house and then called her brother. She cried so hard that she was out of breath. It took her a few minutes to explain the matter clearly.

When Zhang Juan's brother, Zhang Lei, heard that his brother-in-law had cheated on his wife and kept a mistress all year round, he immediately said angrily, "Little Juan, tell me, what are you going to do about this?!"

After a whole day of continuous abuse, Zhang Juan was filled with anger. She resolutely said, "I'm going to catch them in bed!

I'm going now!

I'm going to teach that b * tch a lesson! "

Zhang Lei immediately said, "Wait for me, I'll find a few good brothers and go to your house to find you!"

The 50-year-old Zhang Lei boasted that he was a veteran in Beijing and had many friends. After a few phone calls, he immediately gathered seven or eight of his best friends. Everyone prepared their knives and sticks and swarmed to Zhang Lei's house. Then, they took two cars to Zhang Juan's house. Zhang Juan kicked a kitchen knife in her bag and hurriedly went out, getting into Zhang Lei's car at the entrance of the district.

"Little Juan, where are the adulterers and mistresses now?"

Zhang Juan held her phone and said with a face full of hatred, "I don't know yet. I'm waiting for a call."

Just as she finished speaking, her phone rang.

It was a text message from the unknown number: Hurry to Swan Bay!

Swan Bay was a relatively famous high-end residential area in Beijing. Zhang Juan had gone there twice when it had just been opened. She liked it very much, but Zhan Yun was not willing to buy it even after she had talked to him several times. Seeing that the address given by the other party was Swan Bay, Zhang Juan immediately instructed her brother Zhang Lei to drive straight to Swan Bay.

…

Zhan Yun was getting on in years. Most of the time, he could only meet Ma Weiwei one at a time. He didn't have the strength to score a second or a hat trick. However, Ma Weiwei was really too sensible these two times. The nurse costume made Zhan Yun's blood boil, and he easily scored a second time. Today, the maid costume made Zhan Yun even more infatuated. When Zhang Juan and the others set off from home, Zhan Yun was actively planning to launch a third attack.

Ma Weiwei also didn't expect this old man to perform so well today. When she thought about the interview he promised her, she couldn't help but blow into his ear, "When will Liu Tianwang's matter be settled?

After you settle the manager's side, I'll hurry up and prepare the interview script. I'll strive to make this episode more outstanding … "

Zhan Yun smiled and said, "I'll definitely help you with Liu Tianwang's matter. Don't think about how to make the show more outstanding now. Why don't you think about how to serve me more comfortably?"

Ma Weiwei saw that Zhan Yun seemed to be about to raise his head again, and she couldn't help but exclaim, "Don't tell me you're going to do it a third time?"

Zhan Yun laughed lewdly, "Help me coax it, and we'll do it a third time."

Ma Weiwei teased, "Can you do it or not?

What if your wife forces you to have sex with her when you go back tonight? "

Zhan Yun curled his lips, "Why are you mentioning her? It'll affect my mood. You better coax my second brother." With that said, he pressed Ma Weiwei's head down with one hand.

Ma Weiwei was thinking of ways to make Zhan Yun regain his masculinity, but Zhang Juan had already led her people to Swan Bay. Just as she arrived at the entrance of Swan Bay, she received another text on her phone: "Building 5, Unit 1, 1505."

Zhang Juan immediately asked her brother, Zhang Lei, to drive into the neighborhood. At this time, her phone received another call from that unknown number. The person on the other side of the phone said, "You guys go to the basement first. From there, your husband's car is parked down there. There's a security uniform under his car. Get one of you to change into it. After you go up, remember to trick Ma Weiwei into opening the door. Just say that it's from the property management company. A property owner accidentally hit her car in the basement, and they want to settle the insurance compensation with her."

Zhang Juan hurriedly said, "Got it!"

If it weren't for this phone call, she might have foolishly brought a bunch of people to break down the door. If Zhan Yun refused to come out no matter what, there was nothing they could do. All Ma Weiwei had to do was call the police. Within a few minutes, the police would arrive and arrest these people.

Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei were in the middle of a fierce battle when they heard someone knocking on the door. Both of them were startled. Ma Weiwei frowned and asked, "Who's knocking at this time?"

Zhan Yun panted and said, "Ignore him."

At this time, the knocking became louder, and a man's voice sounded, "Miss Ma, are you home?"

Ma Weiwei ignored him, but the other party didn't give up. He knocked on the door again and said, "Hello, Miss Ma, I'm from the property management company. Your car was accidentally hit by someone in the basement, and the owner wants to talk to you about the insurance compensation."

Ma Weiwei was a little anxious when she heard that. She didn't suspect that the other party was lying to her, so she said to Zhan Yun, "Be good and wait for me, I'll see what's going on."

Zhan Yun said, "Leave your phone number, we can discuss it tomorrow. Don't waste too much time."

Ma Weiwei nodded. "I know, I'll be there soon."

Ma Weiwei casually took a long nightgown from the clothes rack and wrapped it around her revealing maid outfit. Then, she walked out of the bedroom and came to the front door.

Ma Weiwei was a public figure, and she lived in a residential area. Unlike Zhang Juan, who lived in the family quarters, she was usually more cautious. Before she opened the door, she looked through the peephole. There were two people standing outside the door. One of them was wearing a security uniform, and the other was wearing a leather jacket. She instinctively assumed that the person standing next to the security guard was the person who hit her car in the basement.