Chapter 103

I'm sorry, everyone. I sent the wrong chapter today. This is only chapter 102!

— — —

I haven't seen Su Yingxue for a few days, and the girl has become beautiful again.

In fact, it's not that she has become more beautiful, but she has changed her way of dressing.

Her ponytail is loosened and parted to both sides. Her hair looks like it has just been washed and blow-dried, and it is still very fluffy. She looks a little more mature and charming than when she had a ponytail.

She is wearing a dark red and blue checkered shirt, a pair of light blue jeans, and a pair of white canvas shoes. She looks casual but delicate. Her expression is indifferent with a bit of unapproachable coldness. She looks like a goddess.

Not to mention the boys who kept turning their heads to look at her when they passed by, even Li Mu was amazed again and again. This girl would definitely be a campus belle in any university in Yan Jing.

Su Yingxue sees a brand-new business car stop in front of her. The car window is rolled down, and Li Mu is in the driver's seat. She smiles beautifully. "You're driving without a license again!"

"No, I'm driving with a license this time," Li Mu raises his eyebrows. "Isn't the driver's license already out? I just don't have it with me."

Su Yingxue thinks it makes sense. She helplessly shakes her head and smiles. "You park the car. Let's go in and get our license."

Li Mu says, "We can get our license, but we haven't met her parents yet. It's not appropriate to be in such a hurry, right?"

Su Yingxue is stunned for a moment. After a while, she comes to her senses, and her pretty face is slightly flushed.

What she wants to say is to go in and get her driver's license, but it is indeed not appropriate to say it is getting a license.

Li Mu sees that her face is red, so he doesn't continue to tease her. He parks the car on the side of the road, and then comes to Su Yingxue. "Let's go. After getting our driver's license, we'll go eat."

Su Yingxue nodded. She suddenly became like a little girl. She walked beside Li Mu with her head lowered, deep in thought.

With his driver's license in hand, Li Mu could finally drive boldly and confidently. He drove straight to the ecological park with Su Yingxue. Before he came, he had called to book a small double private room for Japanese food. He had seen it by chance when he went to the ecological park last time. The private room was not big, only about seven or eight square meters. It had tatami, sliding doors, Japanese red lanterns, and ukiyo-e. It looked a little Japanese.

Although it was not yet five o 'clock and it was not the time to finish dinner, the ecological park was next to the botanical garden. The environment was great. With a beauty by his side, it would be good to stroll around together.

On the way out of the city, Li Mu is still thinking in his heart. After arriving in Yan Jing, there are two goals that he needs to achieve as soon as possible. One is to buy a house and a car.

Now Yan Jing did not limit the purchase of cars and houses, and the price of houses was extremely cheap. Although he did not expect to become rich by buying a house, he would have a place to stay in Yan Jing if he bought a house. As for the car, Li Mu had lived in Yan Jing for many years. He concluded two points: Living in Yan Jing is painful without a car, and having a car is even more painful. However, the traffic jam happened after the 2008 Olympics. In Yan Jing in 2001, having a car was definitely a kind of happiness. It should be known that there were only two subway lines in the mega metropolis, and the public transportation was not developed enough.

The botanical garden was a bit remote compared to the city, and there was no public transportation, so there were not many people at this time. The evening at the end of August was cool and comfortable. Li Mu and Su Yingxue strolled on the stone road in the forest, feeling the golden sunlight shining through the mottled leaves on their bodies and faces. It was quite like a love soap opera. The male and female leads in soap operas always liked to have a breakthrough in this kind of romantic environment. Holding hands, hugging, kissing. Not considering the brainless plot, just the picture alone could easily stimulate the secretion of hormones.

Walking side by side, Li Mu could easily hold Su Yingxue's little hand with his eyes closed. What's more, he had done this kind of thing once before. It didn't seem to be a big deal to review it again this time. However, after thinking about it, Li Mu still held back. The future was long, and he couldn't be impatient. It seemed to be more important to maintain a gentleman's demeanor.

Su Yingxue was in a very good mood. She squatted at the side and looked at the wildflowers and butterflies for a while, and then looked up at the tall and straight trees for a while. Then, she said to Li Mu, "I like plants the most, especially the yellow and red leaves in late autumn. Every time the leaves of the old ginkgo tree in our school turn yellow, I would run over to look at it every day. Then, I would pick up the beautiful leaves on the ground and put them in my book when I go home."

Li Mu nodded. "When the ginkgo tree is completely yellow, it is indeed very beautiful. It is said that there is a ginkgo avenue in Yan Jing. Every mid-November, there are golden ginkgo trees everywhere. Even the ground is covered with golden leaves. If you like it, you can go and have a look in November this year."

"In Yan Jing?" Su Yingxue asked curiously.

"Yes."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "How do you know everything?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's all on the Internet."

Su Yingxue nodded thoughtfully and said with a smile, "That's true."

As she said that, Su Yingxue continued, "I have also been to Yan Jing a few times, but it was always during the winter and summer vacations. I have never been to Yan Jing in November. However, I heard that Yan Jing is the most beautiful in the short period of one month from the end of October to the end of November."

"Yes, autumn is too short in that shabby place."

"You still go to that shabby place!"

"I can't help it. It's for my feelings."

"You are so young. How can you have so many feelings?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and asked, "By the way, are you leaving tomorrow?"

"Yes, the train leaves at 8 pm and I will arrive at 8 am."

"Then I probably won't be able to send you off. I promised my cousin and his girlfriend to go out tomorrow."

"It's good that you don't want to go. My parents are going to send me off and they don't know what to say when they see you. What if there is a misunderstanding?"

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "Your parents are worried that you will go alone?"

"Originally, it was planned that my dad would send me over when he was on a few days' leave. However, he has been very busy these two days and can't leave, so he asked me to go alone."

Li Mu had long heard that Su Yingxue's father was the deputy director of the municipal bureau. He had exposed the hit-and-run Wu Dong a few days ago in order to deal with Guo Lin. Even Li Jiawei would be affected. Presumably, Su Yingxue's father was busy with this matter.

Thinking about it carefully, he had played quite a big game. He had used Wu Dong and Li Jiawei as sacrifices just to deal with Guo Lin. He really didn't know if he was reckless or inconsiderate. But then again, there was no turning back. What was the point of thinking about it? Exposing Wu Dong was also helping the people. As for Huang Jiawei, he deserved it for protecting a scumbag like Wu Dong.

At 6: 30, Li Mu brought Su Yingxue to the ecological park. The waiter brought them to a Japanese private room that had been booked. As soon as they entered, Su Yingxue looked surprised at the environment. In fact, she was very happy. Li Mu had thought of booking a private room like this and even came here to borrow a car. It was enough to show that he had put a lot of thought into this meal.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue ordered some sushi, sashimi, eel rice, and Japanese tempura. The taste was very good. Plus the environment was nice and quiet. The two of them sat on the tatami and chatted happily.

During the meal, they talked about this summer vacation. Su Yingxue complained that she had suffered a loss this summer. She had always thought that this summer vacation was the most free and the most anticipated one. She didn't expect that she would stupidly sign up for a driving school after her college entrance exam. She had been delayed for more than a month. She finally got her driver's license, but now she had to go to Beijing.

Li Mu asked, "What have you been doing these days other than practicing at the driving school?"

"Reading at home. Occasionally going online and listening to music."

"Oh?" Li Mu purposely asked, "Do you know that there's a popular band called 'Simple Plan'?"

"Yes."

"Do you like it?"

"It's so-so. I don't really feel anything."

"Why?"

"I don't know. I just don't feel anything. But recently, I quite like an independent singer."

"Oh?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Who is it?"

"He doesn't have a real name. He's called Mu Zi. He only has two songs. One is called 'Zebra Zebra' and the other is' When You're Old '. I quite like these two songs. You can go to a website called' Yi Ting '. But I don't know if it's to your taste."

When Li Mu heard this, he couldn't catch his breath and coughed a few times. Su Yingxue hurriedly asked, "Are you okay?

What's wrong? "

"I'm fine. I dipped too much wasabi …"

Li Mu didn't expect that Su Yingxue was actually a folk song lover. She liked Old Wolf and Ye Pei. She said that although Gao Xiaosong was ugly, he was actually a talent …

Li Mu basically agreed with her point of view, especially the second last one. The nickname of short, big, and tight was not for nothing.

No wonder she liked "Mu Zi." The two songs he recorded were also folk songs. Compared with the campus folk songs of Old Wolf's era, they were slightly different.

While the two were chatting happily, Du Cheng, the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, was sitting next to Li Mu and Su Yingxue. In the same small tatami-style private room, he sat opposite a middle-aged man.

The man sitting opposite Du Cheng was Hu Haibo, the leader of the investigation team sent by the provincial office. He took a sip of sake and said to Du Cheng, "We've been quite effective these days. We've found the people who helped Wu Dong deal with the car accident. The night before yesterday, they were secretly taken to the hotel for a surprise interrogation. When they heard that we were from the provincial office and were threatened by our police officers, they were scared out of their wits. They all gave up in less than half an hour. Yesterday afternoon, the police officers we sent to the south found the car accident by following the clues."

Hu Haibo paused and lit two cigarettes. He handed one to Du Cheng and said, "Coincidentally, Wu Dong's men didn't know how to grind the frame and engine numbers. They just wanted to get rid of the car as soon as possible. So, they sold the BMW worth more than 900,000 yuan at a super low price of 100,000 yuan. The guy who collected the car has been in the black car market for more than ten years. He guessed that the car was hit by someone just by disassembling the front bumper. Before grinding the frame, he took a picture of it and kept it as a record. He was afraid that he would get into trouble in the future."