Chapter 962

Kempinski.

The largest banquet hall here had long been booked by Taobao in advance because Li Mu had already requested the administrative department to hold a celebration banquet regardless of the final sales for the 929 promotion. Therefore, the venue and the execution company had to be found in advance. Li Mu had confidence in this.

Faced with 8.22 billion in daily sales, Li Mu suddenly felt that he should not have agreed to choose Kempinski in the first place. He originally thought that this place was not bad. For Beijing in this era, it was definitely a high-class and high-end occasion. But now, it seemed that in front of the 8.22 billion figure, Kempinski was really a little unsatisfactory.

With such an awesome result, he should really rent the Great Hall of the People and hold a celebration banquet.

After all, the Great Hall of the People had long been rented to the outside world. Although the approval was a little strict, a high-tech enterprise like Taobao would definitely be able to pass the approval.

However, it was too late to say anything now. As Li Mu drove to Kempinski, he secretly thought that if there was a next time, he must rent the Great Hall of the People for a celebration. A national enterprise celebrating in the Great Hall of the People and then gathering all the Chinese and foreign reporters. Just thinking about it made him smile from ear to ear.

Wang Yuanlang, who was driving, rarely chatted with Li Mu while driving. However, when he saw Li Mu smiling foolishly through the rearview mirror, he couldn't help but ask with a smile, "Li Zong, you seem to be very happy today. Taobao's performance yesterday must have satisfied you, right?"

Li Mu came back to his senses and laughed. "Old Wang, you don't have to be so polite with me."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "I was happy just now, not because of Taobao, but because I was thinking that if something like this happens again next year, the celebration banquet will be held in the Great Hall of the People. How exciting it will be."

Wang Yuanlang smiled and said, "The Great Hall of the People shouldn't be a big problem, right?

I heard that many local chambers of commerce have rented the Great Hall of the People for banquets and press conferences. From the banquet hall to the conference hall and press conference hall, they can all be rented out. "

"Yes." Li Mu said helplessly, "The key is that I didn't think of it before. It's too late now."

"I see."

Wang Yuanlang smiled and said, "If we miss it this year, we'll wait for next year. Besides, I believe that Taobao Network and Makino Technology will have more than one happy event this year, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "That's true. Makino Technology's Series C financing is successful. If the valuation can exceed 12 billion USD, we will also have a large-scale celebration."

As he spoke, Li Mu remembered that he had promised Wang Yuanlang about the household registration issue, so he said to him, "Oh right, Old Wang, the city government has already solved the problem of the Beijing residency quota for us. I've told Qing Ya about it. When the time comes, the three of you will be the first to implement it. It should be done within ten months."

When Wang Yuanlang heard this, he couldn't hide his excitement as he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, thank you so much!

My child will be attending primary school next year. If I can settle down this year, my wife will be able to bring my child over next year. "

Li Mu frowned and said, "If it's next year, the few residential areas under construction in our East Third Ring Road won't be completed yet. When my wife and child come, I'm afraid they won't be able to move in."

Wang Yuanlang hurriedly said, "Li Zong, you don't have to worry about this. With such a high salary, it's easy to rent a two-bedroom apartment."

Li Mu said seriously, "To survive in a city like Beijing, a high salary is far from enough. The cost of living here is too high. In the future, the daily expenses of a family of three, the child's schooling, rent, and these alone will be a huge expense. Excluding these expenses, there might not be much money left every month."

As he said this, Li Mu pondered for a moment, then said, "How about this, Old Wang, the apartment I bought near Makino Technology is in a good location. During the National Day, I'll tell Ziwei that I'll personally pay for it and let her buy three large two-bedroom apartments of about 100 square meters in the area. The three of you can move in first. As for the house payment, let's do it this way. If you work here for five years, the house will completely belong to you. If you don't work here for five years, then the house will still belong to you. You just need to make up the remaining years according to the price you paid when you bought the house."

"This …" Wang Yuanlang was stunned. Fortunately, the car was stopped at the intersection waiting for the red light. He was stunned for about five or six seconds before he said to Li Mu in panic, "Li Zong, the salary you're giving us is already very high, and you've also settled our household registration. How can we …"

Li Mu stretched out a hand to interrupt him and said sincerely, "Brother Wang, our lives are bound and entrusted to each other. In front of this, what is a house?

You've risked your life to protect my safety, so I'll do my best to protect your lives. "

Wang Yuanlang still wanted to say something, but Li Mu hurriedly said, "The plan I mentioned just now is like this. Right now, the housing price around here is about 10,000 yuan. A house of 100 square meters should be about 1.2 million yuan. Divided into five years, it will be 240,000 yuan per year. This is equivalent to an extra benefit I'm giving everyone. If you work here for five years, the house will belong to you. If you don't want to work here after three years, even if the holiday doubles or triples, we'll still calculate it as 1.2 million yuan. For the remaining two years, you just need to make up 480,000 yuan, and the house will still belong to you."

After saying this, Li Mu concluded without any explanation, "I'll let Ziwei handle the house during the National Day. Brother Wang, you don't have to refuse. Call your sister-in-law during the National Day and tell them to get ready. You'll be able to live in Beijing soon."

Wang Yuanlang was silent for a moment, then nodded heavily and said, "Li Zong, I thank you on behalf of my brothers."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "By the way, it's almost time for the Divine Sword Brigade to retire, right?"

Wang Yuanlang nodded. "Soon. My batch will officially retire at the end of November."

Li Mu said, "How about this, help me find a few more suitable candidates, the more the better. Not only the Divine Sword Brigade, but also some other qualified veterans. In the future, I want to set up a security team under your leadership. Not only for my personal safety, but also for various special occasions and special times in the future, you can also separate people to protect other important people. In addition, I can also give you a chance to change shifts, so you can have time to rest."

Wang Yuanlang asked, "Li Zong, how many people do you want to expand to?"

Li Mu thought for a moment. "About 20 people, a little more is fine too."

Wang Yuanlang nodded. "I'll be in charge of this matter."

"Okay."

After Wei Lan was kidnapped, Li Mu paid special attention to the safety of the people around him. If he could have a few more powerful bodyguards like Wang Yuanlang, a few companies could have one or two of them, and two or three slightly weaker bodyguards. In the future, if anyone went out for something or got off work too late, they could have a bodyguard accompany them to protect them.

…

Taobao had invited various media outlets to the celebration banquet. The banquet hall could accommodate nearly a thousand people. Just the seats reserved for the media outlets alone had 300 people. Based on the calculation of ten people per table, there would be 30 tables for the media outlets.

It wasn't rare for 300 media reporters to gather together. As long as there was major news, 300 to 500 media reporters could only be said to be a standard configuration. However, it was extremely rare for 300 media reporters to participate in a banquet like today. Even if the media was invited to a banquet, they would only give some transportation fees and at most arrange a Western-style buffet. There really weren't any companies that were so generous as to directly arrange 30 tables for the media.

Therefore, there was a hot topic in the media circle in Beijing today. It was said that Taobao had paid for the media reporters in Beijing to hold a party, so much so that the enthusiasm of the media reporters was even higher than that of Taobao's own employees.

The first wave of live pictures from various online media reporters had already begun to be published on the website. Many netizens were paying attention to the progress of Taobao's celebration party on the Internet.

Far away in Hangzhou, Boss Ma was sitting in his office at the moment, looking at the current affairs news about Taobao's celebration party on YY with a livid face. He originally had no intention of paying attention to how smug Li Mu was after the 929 big promotion, but Sun Zhengyi had just complained to him on the phone, saying that the entire SoftBank's board of directors were very concerned about the movements of Taobao. At this time, the entire network was broadcasting the progress of Taobao's celebration party live. In contrast, Le Tao's situation made him feel particularly embarrassed.

Boss Ma bit the bullet and reflected on himself on the phone. For the first time, he admitted his failure and shortcomings in front of Sun Zhengyi. He told Sun Zhengyi that he was ready to give up B2C and fully enter C2C. However, Sun Zhengyi was not optimistic. He only vaguely told Boss Ma that no matter what, SoftBank would not invest a single cent in Le Tao before there was clear progress.

In other words, Boss Ma still had one last chance to prove himself. He had to find a breakthrough point before Le Tao's money ran out. If he could not find it before he ran out of ammunition, then he would be completely finished.

Looking at the lively scene at Taobao's celebration party, Boss Ma's heart was filled with depression. However, his mind suddenly lit up. He suddenly thought of a clever way to compete with Taobao in the C2C field.

At this moment, someone suddenly knocked on the door. Before Boss Ma could say anything, Lu Zhaoxi and Cai Chongxin pushed the door open and entered. They looked anxious.

Boss Ma said, "You two came at the right time. I have a new idea to discuss with you."

Lu Zhaoxi and Cai Chongxin looked at each other. After exchanging glances, Lu Zhaoxi said, "Boss Ma, something big has happened!"

Boss Ma frowned. "What's the situation?"

Lu Zhaoxi said, "It's logistics."

After not being able to use logistics to trip up Li Mu, Boss Ma instinctively did not think that logistics was very important. So, he waved his hand and said, "Let's put logistics aside for now. I'll tell you my new idea."

Boss Ma did not wait for the two to speak. He continued, "I thought about it. Last time, our strategy was to call on physical clothing store owners to open online stores. However, I think this is very risky. It's very likely that we'll be working for someone else. So, we'll put this matter aside for now and change to a new approach."

Lu Zhaoxi and Cai Chongxin were a little confused. Previously, Boss Ma had asked everyone to send marketing personnel to all parts of the country to find clothing stores and persuade and help the clothing store owners open online stores. Everyone thought that it was very feasible and was preparing for the marketing personnel training. Boss Ma actually stopped it just like that?

At this moment, Boss Ma said, "I think the most important thing for us now is to focus on formulating a preferential strategy for small and medium-sized sellers. Then, gather all our employees and go to Taobao to poach small and medium-sized sellers. I don't ask them to choose between us and Taobao. As long as they are willing to open a store on Le Tao and publish their products on Le Tao, we can give them a certain amount of cash rewards."

"We'll use this method to attract them over. As long as there are sellers and products, we'll buy traffic from outside. The conversion rate will be much higher. Once their stores generate orders and income from Le Tao, they will definitely gradually pay more attention to Le Tao. Also, I thought of a new online promotion method. We'll create an alliance advertising model. Instead of promoting our website, we'll directly promote the products on our platform. What do you think?"