Chapter 967

When Zhao Xianliang talked about Li Mu, he was obviously a little excited. Even his eyes had an extraordinary look.

The longer he knew Li Mu, the more he felt that Li Mu was not simple. This was the most direct feeling that Zhao Xianliang had for Li Mu.

It was also because of this view that Zhao Xianliang was more and more satisfied with the fact that his daughter had found a boyfriend like Li Mu.

Xie Yun could see Zhao Xianliang's recognition and appreciation for Li Mu. As Zhao Ziqiu's mother, she was naturally very happy. When her husband mentioned Li Mu's Taobao website, she smiled and said, "Today is the first day that the 'Internet into the home' policy is implemented nationwide. Stimulated by Taobao website, the number of netizens in the country will probably usher in another round of surge."

Zhao Xianliang asked her curiously, "Really?

I haven't taken the initiative to learn about this. "

Xie Yun said, "I'm not as busy as you, so I usually pay more attention to it. The number of netizens in our country has more than doubled in a year. There were more than 30 million last year, and now there are more than 80 million. This year, the number of netizens will definitely exceed 100 million. If it exceeds 100 million, the number of netizens in a year will more than double."

Zhao Xianliang said in surprise, "So fast?

How much of this is due to Li Mu? "

Xie Yun said with a smile, "Tsinghua University and Zhejiang University have done relevant statistics. According to the normal growth rate, this year's growth rate should be 26 million. If the number of netizens exceeds 100 million by the end of the year, it means that the actual growth rate is about 66 million. You can understand it as Li Mu increasing the number of netizens in a year."

"40 million …" Zhao Xianliang exclaimed and said, "This kid is definitely the most influential private entrepreneur in the country now."

Xie Yun said, "Of course. All the netizens in the country are users of his products, especially YY, which has millions of users overseas. It won't be long before YY's users exceed 100 million."

Zhao Xianliang sighed with some envy, "As an entrepreneur, your own company can directly affect tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of people. This is such a great sense of achievement."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang said to Xie Yun with a serious face, "I think that since the reform and opening up to now, Li Mu is the only entrepreneur like him. If this kid is given a few more years, he may become the most influential Hua Xia entrepreneur in the world in modern times. Maybe he can create a big pattern that no one has ever done before."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "You're also interesting. When you don't like Li Mu, you frown at the mention of his name. When you like Li Mu, you do your best to promote him. I think it won't be long before Li Mu becomes your idol."

Zhao Xianliang said with a serious face, "I'm not joking with you. This is also the question I've been thinking about recently. What do you think is the best development path for Li Mu in the future?"

Xie Yun said, "I haven't thought about these things. His current height is already very scary. How can I have the ability to plan a higher path for him?"

Zhao Xianliang said with a slight seriousness, "To be honest, I think the most suitable development path for Li Mu in the future is to become the business card of the country's economic and commercial development. He will continue to add more and more halos at home and abroad, and gradually deify himself in the commercial field."

"Myth?" Xie Yun asked with a smile, "Do you want Li Mu to make up some mysterious stories for himself?"

Zhao Xianliang shook his head. "I'm talking about deification, not myth. What I mean is that Li Mu should make himself into a publicly recognized god in the commercial field, become the most recognized and admired by entrepreneurs, and become the most respected and even loved entrepreneur by ordinary people. This is the most suitable ultimate goal for him. In front of this goal, the title of the richest man in China is meaningless. I bet that Li Mu will definitely become the richest man in China in the future, and he will also become the philanthropist of China."

Xie Yun said, "Aren't your words a little too big?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "It is big, but it is also relative. For me, it is definitely big because the business I run is not directly related to ordinary people, and I can't bring any extraordinary changes to ordinary people. It is the same for those real estate developers. Although their business is closely related to ordinary people, their role is destined to be the villain in the eyes of the public. Therefore, in general, only Li Mu is the most qualified."

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang said, "Li Mu is the most socially responsible entrepreneur I have ever seen in the country, and he is also the domestic entrepreneur who is currently receiving the most attention overseas and in the West. At the same time, he carries with him many missions of changing people's lifestyles and entertainment, benefiting the domestic society, and increasing the pride of the people in the country. Moreover, this kid's history of making a fortune is the biggest inspirational story in the country in the past 20 years. He has so many qualities that other entrepreneurs do not have. As long as he chooses the right direction, he will definitely become a god in the future. If Li Mu can create this golden body in the world, he will definitely be invincible, and no one will be able to do anything to him."

Xie Yun was silent for a moment, thinking for a long time. The moment the plane touched the ground, she was awakened by the sudden tremble of the fuselage. She said to Zhao Xianliang, "Then are you going to have a chat with Li Mu this time?"

Zhao Xianliang nodded. "I am going to have a good chat with him. Although he is very good in the field of the Internet, there are some problems that an old fox like me might not be able to see through."

…

Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu finally waited for Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun at the exit. As soon as Zhao Ziqiu came up, she held her mother's arm intimately. Li Mu greeted the two of them politely and said, "Hello, uncle and auntie."

Zhao Xianliang was in a particularly good mood. He patted Li Mu's shoulder and said with a smile, "You are so busy. Why did you waste your time coming to the airport to pick us up?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Uncle Zhao, you are too polite. It is my duty to come to pick you and auntie up. How can you say that it is a waste of time?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "Your Taobao website's sales are 8.2 billion a day. If you take two hours to pick us up at the airport, it will be 700 million."

Li Mu said, "Uncle Zhao, don't make fun of me. You can't calculate it like this …"

"I am just joking."

Zhao Xianliang laughed and said, "But I still have to congratulate you. It is rare and commendable that you are able to keep moving forward and constantly improve yourself."

Li Mu said humbly, "Thank you for your encouragement, Uncle Zhao. I will definitely keep up the good work."

Nodding his head, Zhao Xianliang sighed, "Actually, aside from some official business, my biggest goal in coming to Beijing this time is to have a drink or two with you. We can have a good chat."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I also hope that I can chat with you more and learn more. Last time at your company, I listened to your speech and it was a great inspiration to me."

Zhao Xianliang raised his eyebrows and asked him with a smile, "How is it?

After coming back, did you find a chance to ask for support from the Beijing municipal government? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Yes, I did. I asked for a part of the quota for settling down in Beijing and 100,000 square meters of office space. Furthermore, I have also applied for residential space from the municipal government, and the leaders of the municipal government said that it can be resolved."

Zhao Xianliang nodded his head in admiration and said with a smile, "A child that cries will have milk to eat. For an outstanding talent like you, if you get closer to the government, cry before the government, and solve the problems for the government, your position in Beijing will definitely be transcendent. I'm afraid that even central enterprises and state-owned enterprises might not be able to compare to you."

Li Mu hurriedly nodded his head, "Thank you for your teachings, Uncle Zhao. I understand."

Seeing that the two of them had been chatting non-stop since they met, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help grumbling, "Dad, you have been chatting with Li Mu since we met, and you didn't even talk to me."

Zhao Xianliang smiled, "Aren't you whispering to your mom?

You women have more common topics to talk about, and it's the same for me and Li Mu. "

Zhao Ziqiu smiled like a flower, but she deliberately acted coquettishly to her mother, Xie Yun, "Mom, look, dad doesn't care about me at all now …"

Xie Yun smiled and said, "Silly girl, doesn't your dad care about Li Mu because he cares about you?"

Zhao Xianliang laughed heartily, "Your mom is right. In the end, it's still because you are the one he cares about the most."

Zhao Ziqiu's original intention was to act coquettishly to improve the atmosphere, but she didn't expect that her parents would speak so directly in front of Li Mu. It was so unexpected that she blushed.

Li Mu knew that Zhao Xianliang was particularly concerned about him because of Zhao Ziqiu, so he felt a little guilty in his heart. Some things were out of his control. For example, if Zhao Xianliang knew that he had a public girlfriend, and this girlfriend was not his daughter, would he immediately rush to fight with him?

Although he felt guilty, Li Mu still had to finish the job of picking them up. Therefore, he accompanied the family of three to the parking lot while chatting.

Zhao Ziqiu took the initiative to give up the front passenger seat and sat in the back with her mother, Xie Yun. Zhao Xianliang sat in the front passenger seat next to Li Mu. Li Mu drove out of the parking lot and asked Zhao Xianliang, "Uncle Zhao, where are you and aunt going first?"

Zhao Xianliang said subconsciously, "It's still early. Let's go to Ziyun Villa first."

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang was more or less embarrassed.

Li Mu was also embarrassed.

The last time the four of them appeared at Ziyun Villa together was when Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were met by Zhao Xianliang and his wife. This time, Li Mu came to pick them up and then sent Zhao Xianliang's family of three to Ziyun Villa. This feeling was somewhat subtle.

Not only Li Mu and Zhao Xianliang, but also Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face was flushed at the moment. That incident left a deep impression on the four of them, so at this time, everyone would instinctively recall that scene.

At this time, Xie Yun hurriedly said to ease the atmosphere, "By the way, Li Mu, Ziqiu should have told you that we have an appointment tonight, right?"

Li Mu nodded, "Yes, Auntie Xie, Ziqiu told me."

Xie Yun said, "Your Uncle Zhao was still talking about it on the plane. He said that he wanted to find time to chat with you. When do you have time in the next two days?"

Li Mu said, "I'm fine with anything. It depends on your schedule and Uncle Zhao's arrangement."