Chapter 940

Wei Lan was in the car behind him. Song Zhilei was very proud.

Thinking back to the whole process of the kidnapping, it could be said to be smooth and flawless, and this process was repeatedly planned by him and Xie Chenglong. He didn't expect that he would have such a talent for planning a crime.

First, after the Jinbei car overtook Wei Lan's BMW, it slowed down and stopped at the green light. When the red light was on, the Jinbei car would be the first. Otherwise, even if there was only one car in front, the kidnapping couldn't be carried out smoothly. Even if they forced themselves to kidnap her, it wouldn't be so easy to escape.

Secondly, it must be arranged as a series of accidents. Only in this way could Wei Lan fall into the trap more easily. For Wei Lan, the Jetta that rear-ended her was undoubtedly the only party at fault. When the Jinbei car's driver questioned Wei Lan first, Wei Lan would instinctively have more opinions on the car behind her. Therefore, subconsciously, she would also urge the driver to clarify the responsibility. On one hand, it was to ask for an explanation for being rear-ended. On the other hand, it was also to shift the blame to the driver in front.

Thirdly, Xie Chenglong's performance was very important. As the only party at fault, he would blame and insult Wei Lan when he got out of the car. This would arouse Wei Lan's anger. In this way, Wei Lan's attention would be focused on him and ignore the victim, the Jinbei car's driver.

Finally, Xie Chenglong had to grasp the reality. He could see if there were any cars passing in the opposite lane. When he looked back and saw that there was no car behind, it was the best time to make a move. He sent a signal to the Jinbei car's driver. In a few seconds, he successfully kidnapped Wei Lan.

When the Jinbei car drove Wei Lan to the suburbs quickly, Xie Chenglong drove Wei Lan's BMW into an open-air public parking lot.

In 2002, even in Yanjing, cameras were rarely popularized. The concept of the Skynet system was not even out yet. Not only was there no surveillance at the intersection just now, but there was also no surveillance in this open-air public parking lot.

Xie Chenglong wore a cap. Although the security guard in the parking lot saw the damaged front bumper of the BMW, he didn't take it to heart. He just copied the license plate number and manually lifted the pole to let Xie Chenglong in.

This open-air parking lot was very large. Xie Chenglong had already inspected it. It seemed to be a piece of land that had not yet been developed. It was surrounded by low walls. There was no cement in the entire parking lot, only sandy land. The conditions were very poor. However, because parking here was much cheaper than outside, only two yuan a day, many households who did not have parking spaces and white-collar workers who came to work nearby during the day liked to park their cars here.

There were two security guards in the parking lot during the day and only one at night. They spent most of their time playing with a mini black and white TV in the booth. They didn't care about pedestrians at all. They only cared about vehicles. So the overall management was extremely loose.

Xie Chenglong parked Wei Lan's BMW in the deepest corner of the open-air parking lot, then carefully wiped the fingerprints on the steering wheel and gear lever with a small towel in his pocket. Finally, he took out a pair of old Yanjing cloth shoes from the back of his waist and changed into them in the car before getting out of the car.

After coming out, Xie Chenglong held his original shoes in his hand and wiped the door handle clean with a towel. Then, he stepped on his new cloth shoes, stepped on the sandy ground, and climbed up the low wall. Seeing that there was no one around, he jumped down from the wall.

Xie Chenglong was not tall, just over 1.7 meters tall. He usually wore size 41 shoes, but the new pair of cloth shoes he was wearing was size 43. There was a thick insole padded with sticky fur, so Xie Chenglong was able to keep up with his feet and didn't feel too uncomfortable.

The reason why he had to wear a pair of shoes that were two sizes too big was that when Xie Chenglong was squatting, he heard a felon "senior" talk about some veteran crime experience. How to cover up fingerprints was child's play. The key was to learn how to disguise shoe prints.

Among the people in charge of the scene investigation, there must be someone who knew how to identify shoe prints. Based on the size of the shoe print, the depth of force, and the angle, they could determine a person's gender, approximate age, height, and weight. But for most people who did shoe print identification, their level could only be said to be not bad. Once they encountered an experienced criminal, they would immediately be led astray.

For example, if a person wore a pair of shoes that were a size too big, the body shape that the police inferred from the shoe print might be relatively different from the person. A slight deviation could cause great confusion for the police in the investigation.

The parking lot was full of sand. Xie Chenglong knew that once the police found Wei Lan's car, they would definitely find his footprints. If he walked and dealt with the footprints, it would only make the police unable to find any clues. Instead of that, it would be better for him to give them a false clue.

Wearing size 43 cloth shoes, Xie Chenglong climbed over the wall and walked a few hundred meters on the cement road. Then, he quietly changed back into his original shoes in the shadow of the sidewalk. Then, he patted the pair of size 43 cloth shoes and stuffed them back into his waist.

This was also the experience that the "senior" had taught him. Some idiots, after committing a crime, would randomly throw the murder weapon and bloodstained clothes nearby. When the police found the scene, the probability of finding the murder weapon within a radius of 500 meters was half. Therefore, the "senior"'s experience was to run with the murder weapon and the key evidence. The further, the better. Also, make sure not to throw them into garbage dumps, sewage ditches, or rivers that were not deep enough.

Sometimes, Xie Chenglong also doubted the veracity of the "senior"'s words. He had always wondered, "Senior, if you're so awesome, how did you get caught by the police in the cell?"

To this question, the "senior" had always smiled and said nothing. Later, Xie Chenglong found out that the "senior" had actually stumbled. When he was looking for a prostitute, he ran into an anti-pornography operation. After arriving at the detention center, he was recognized by a detainee. In order to make a contribution, the detainee arrested him.

…

Wei Lan did not shout, did not scream, did not even groan, and did not struggle. She forced herself to calm down and grab hold of all the clues that she could.

At the beginning, she could feel that the Jinbei car frequently swerved in the direction, and occasionally braked and stopped abruptly. She could conclude that the other party was driving on the urban road, and the road conditions were more complicated. However, after more than ten minutes, the Jinbei car's speed became faster and faster. It rarely stopped, and rarely swerved in the direction. From this, she could basically conclude that the car had already left the city and was heading out of the city.

Wei Lan was very frightened, but she still tried her best to think, who exactly wanted to kidnap her?

In Beijing, she was not considered a rich person. Although her family still had some money left, most of it had been transferred to her parents in the United States. Although Li Mu promised to give her 800 million in cash after three years, and then compensate her with some additional shares of Juncheng Real Estate, that would only be cashed out after three years. There was no meaning in kidnapping her now.

However, if it was not because of money, then what exactly was it?

Could it be that the young master of the Urban Construction Group, Xiao Chenfeng, whom she had offended in Beijing, was deliberately taking revenge?

Thinking of this, Wei Lan quickly overturned her own guess.

Xiao Chenfeng did have ulterior motives towards her, and he almost forced himself on her in the hotel. Fortunately, she was quick-witted and made the first move at the crucial moment. She managed to catch him off guard and escape.

However, Xiao Chenfeng was a very cautious person. Although he intended to force himself on her, he had already calculated all the key points. If he had succeeded that day, the possibility of her suing him was almost zero.

For such a cautious person, even if he still hated her in his heart, he definitely wouldn't dare to take revenge on her now. This was because no matter what, she was now Li Mu's person, not Li Mu's woman. She was Li Mu's employee, his business partner. This was enough.

Hooligans and scoundrels might not care about Li Mu's influence, but the influential people in the upper class would definitely be afraid.

Immediately, Wei Lan suddenly thought of the two drivers' accents just now. There were elements of Shanghai dialect in it. In other words, these two people were definitely from Shanghai!

The people who did it were from Shanghai, so the mastermind must be from Shanghai as well!

This allowed Wei Lan to narrow down the range of suspects.

Since she could conclude that the mastermind was from Shanghai, then among the people in Shanghai, other than Wang Runqing from the Lanke Group who wanted to swallow up Juncheng Real Estate, it would be Song Zhilei, who was cheated by her and Li Mu!

Wang Runqing and Xiao Chenfeng were both famous people in the upper class. Therefore, according to her speculation, Wang Runqing could basically be eliminated as a suspect. Then, the most likely suspect was Song Zhilei!

Wei Lan had a certain understanding of Song Zhilei. He was a typical person who came from a humble background. After he started his career with his father, he gradually broke away from the rough and despicable way of doing things. However, this person was very bad. Otherwise, when her family was in trouble, he wouldn't have colluded with Wang Runqing and tried to force her family into a dead end.

It was because Song Zhilei betrayed his family and was ungrateful that when Li Mu found a way to revitalize Juncheng Real Estate, she agreed to cooperate with Li Mu and swindle the 20% shares from Song Zhilei.

Thinking about it carefully, all the assets of Juncheng Real Estate were frozen. The 20% shares were the majority of Song Zhilei's wealth. Most of his wealth would only get 20 million yuan back. He must have hated her to the core, so he definitely had a motive.

Actually, when Li Mu waved his hand and was only willing to buy the shares from Song Zhilei at a valuation of 100 million yuan, she considered that Song Zhilei still had three children. The three children used to call her auntie, so her heart softened. She felt that even if it was only for the sake of the three children, she should leave more for Song Zhilei, even if he was a bastard.

However, Li Mu was very decisive at that time. He even said, "You can be soft-hearted, but I won't be merciful." Wei Lan had no choice but to put away her soft-hearted heart and cooperate with Li Mu to make Song Zhilei hand over all his shares in exchange for 20 million yuan.

Later, Li Mu used three billion yuan to revitalize Juncheng Real Estate. Wei Lan could almost guess that Song Zhilei must want to eat her alive. However, she didn't expect that he would really dare to come to Yanjing to make a move on her …

At this time, Wei Lan was already certain that the mastermind behind the kidnapping of her was definitely Song Zhilei. She felt panic and fear in her heart, but more than that, she felt despair.

This was because Wei Lan could basically guess that if it was really Song Zhilei, he would definitely not let her live …

…