Chapter 1797

After training day after day, Leonardo and Liu Ye gradually developed a tacit understanding and even became each other's best comrades-in-arms.

At this time, the Japanese army continued to invade the southwest of Hua Xia, and the Flying Tigers took off to fight more and more often. The aerial combat scenes in the film were very detailed, and the computer special effects were used. Even people like Li Mu, who had more than ten years of advanced aesthetic standards, still felt that it was very realistic and almost flawless.

In fact, for a long time, computer CG special effects were innovative in terms of technical means. For example, in the past, computer special effects had to be done bit by bit, but later computer special effects could be done directly using 3D modeling, human motion capture equipment, and green screens, which saved time and effort.

Although there were not as good technical means as in the future, using the most primitive special effects frame by frame, the effect was not inferior to the blockbusters of the future.

Many movies in the future were criticized for 50% of the special effects, not because they were not good enough, but because they simply wanted to save money.

"Titanic" released in 1998, "The Lord of the Rings" released in 2001, and "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" were all outstanding representatives of today's computer special effects. With the support of a high budget, the standard of the special effects in these movies, even ten years later, would still be able to crush a large number of low-budget movies.

"Flying Tigers", which had an investment of 200 million US dollars and a surprisingly low cost of actors, invested a large amount of the budget into the construction of real scenes and computer special effects. Basically, there was a point of view: if it could be done in real scenes, then it must be done to the best, regardless of the cost. Even if it was done frame by frame with graphics software, it must be done to the best of the best.

Therefore, the visual effects it presented were almost the top of the current film industry. Just based on the graphics alone, it was enough to be called an epic blockbuster. The continuous aerial combat scenes were definitely the best of all the aerial combat movies so far.

If there was a problem, in Li Mu's opinion, there was only one problem: it was not 3D.

There was really no other way. Currently, 3D technology had not truly matured. From filming to projection and viewing, 3D equipment had not yet been popularized. Therefore, this regret could only be made up for in the future by creating a 3D version.

Battle after battle was fought at a very fast pace. In every battle, Liu Ye and Leonardo's coordination became better and better. Towards the end, Leonardo became Liu Ye's regular wingman, and the two of them became the strongest duo in the Flying Tigers.

One day, the Japanese Air Force assembled a large number of fighter jets to invade, and all the Flying Tigers took to the air to meet the enemy.

This was the largest and most intense battle the Flying Tigers had ever faced since they were formed.

The two sides fought fiercely in the sky, and the entire sky was filled with the loud sounds of cannons, engines, and planes.

From time to time, a fighter jet would fall to the ground or crash into a mountain, emitting black smoke. The sound of the explosion was deafening.

All the commanders of the Flying Tigers, the ground crew, and the doctors and nurses were all nervous. They didn't know if the Flying Tigers who took to the air to meet the enemy would win this battle, or if they would come back alive.

The nurse played by Anne Hathaway was so nervous in the hospital that she didn't know what to do. From time to time, she would look out the window and ask someone about the situation. When she heard that a plane was forced to land due to injury, she couldn't wait to look around. All she could think about was Liu Ye. She even secretly crossed herself, praying to God that he would come back alive.

At this time, the scene returned to the sky.

Leonardo and Liu Ye worked together and successfully shot down a Japanese Type Zero fighter jet.

At this time, three Type Zero fighters realized that the two of them were very strong, so they formed a formation and chased after the two of them from the side, trying to shoot them down.

Liu Ye used Professor Chennault's rolling maneuver to successfully decelerate the plane and circle around the enemy's back. However, when Leonardo was doing the maneuver, his left wing was hit.

Immediately after, his left wing exploded. Half of the wing was blown off, and the plane spun in a circle and fell to the ground.

A moment later, the ground exploded, and flames rose to the sky.

Liu Ye thought that Leonardo had died. Furious, he opened fire at the Japanese fighter jet.

The other Flying Tigers also came to help. Everyone worked together to shoot down a few enemy planes. The Japanese air force was at a disadvantage and was at the end of their rope, so they immediately retreated.

The Flying Tigers temporarily defeated the enemy at a terrible price. After a long battle, most of the fighter jets ran out of fuel and began to return. Liu Ye flew back and forth a few times at the location where Leonardo's plane crashed, but he didn't see any signs of Leonardo's survival. He could only return with a pained heart.

At this time, at the Flying Tigers airport, everyone knew that the enemy had retreated. The officers let out a sigh of relief, and the others also celebrated their victory.

Planes began to land one after another. Many of the planes landed with injuries. Some were smoking, some were spitting fire, and some even flew off the runway and burst into flames. The people on the ground rushed out to rescue them, and the entire airport was bustling with activity.

Anne Hathaway finished what she was doing and ran to the side of the airport. She carefully looked at the planes that were landing, but all of them seemed to have returned and landed. Liu Ye's plane was nowhere to be seen.

Anne Hathaway's heart was burning with anxiety, but she still looked up at the red sky, hoping to see Liu Ye's fighter jet.

At the same time, Tom Hanks also walked to the other side of the airport. He also anxiously looked up at the sky and looked around, waiting for Liu Ye and Leonardo's plane to return.

Seeing that it was getting late, he said to his adjutant anxiously, "Our two best pilots haven't returned yet. God, please don't let anything happen to them."

At this time, someone heard the roar of the plane. Everyone tensed up and looked towards the source of the sound. They saw a plane fly out of the clouds. Liu Ye had returned.

However, Liu Ye was the only one who returned.

When Liu Ye's plane landed on the runway, Tom Hanks and a group of military officers ran towards him. Anne Hathaway also ran towards Liu Ye from another direction.

Anne Hathaway was the closest. When she ran in front of Liu Ye, Liu Ye's eyes flashed with a hint of excitement, but Anne Hathaway didn't stop at all and directly jumped into his arms.

Liu Ye suddenly didn't know what to do. He was extremely nervous, and his hands were unsteady. His expression was sluggish and stiff.

At this time, Tom Hanks also arrived. When he saw this situation, he awkwardly touched his nose and then asked Liu Ye about Leonardo's whereabouts.

Liu Ye's expression was dejected. He told Tom Hanks in detail how he saw Leonardo's plane crash.

Tom Hanks was immediately stunned. His expression was full of sadness as he instinctively recalled the scene of the bet he made with the arrogant Leonardo at the flying club.

Liu Ye then said, "I searched at low altitude, but I couldn't find any signs of survival within my visual range. I also didn't see an open parachute."

Tom Hanks asked, "Did the plane crash occur in the Japanese-occupied territory?"

Liu Ye nodded his head.

Tom Hanks's expression was filled with despair.

When he was teaching the pilots, he had told the Flying Tigers that if they were forced to land or parachute, they should do their best to avoid Japanese-occupied territory. The moment they landed, they should seek help from the local people and not the local government. This was because no one could be sure if the local government had already defected to the enemy.

The pilots who landed in Japanese-occupied territory almost died because the Japanese-occupied ground forces were very sensitive to the Flying Tigers' pilots. Their superiors had already given strict orders: If a Flying Tigers plane was forced to land or crash in Japanese-occupied territory, they must find the wreckage and the pilot. Regardless of whether the pilot was dead or alive, even if they had to burn his skeleton, they must be able to piece together a person. Otherwise, even if they had to dig three feet into the ground, they must find the Flying Tigers pilot and execute him.

Therefore, when Tom Hanks learned that Leonardo's plane had crashed in Japanese-occupied territory, he immediately determined that Leonardo would not be able to return alive.

Thinking of Leonardo's handsome and unruly smile, he muttered to himself, "I was the one who brought that child into this war. If it weren't for me, he would have lived his life peacefully in Texas. But now, he left himself in a foreign country on the other side of the world. I can't even send his body back to his parents …"

Liu Ye instinctively said, "I'm sorry …"

Tom Hanks wiped the tears from the corner of his eyes and shook his head. "It's not your fault. You did the best you could."

Saying this, he glanced at Anne Hathaway, who was hugging Liu Ye tightly. "If the Japanese don't come tomorrow, you don't have to train anymore. Take a good rest. Don't let down the feelings of a girl."

Then, Tom Hanks turned around and left. The unromantic Liu Ye subconsciously pushed Anne Hathaway away and chased after him. "Mr. Chennault, I don't want to miss any training opportunities!"

Tom Hanks turned around and looked at him. Seeing Anne Hathaway running away with tears in her eyes, he said helplessly, "What's in your head?

Can't you tell that she likes you? "

Liu Ye was a little embarrassed, but he said firmly, "I swore that I won't chase away the Japanese, and I won't think about love!"

"Sigh …" Tom Hanks sighed, turned around, and left.

…

The scene then returned to the scene of the aerial battle.

When Leonardo's plane crashed, there was a Japanese army patrol far away. One of the Japanese soldiers pointed at the falling plane and said loudly, "That plane … should be the Flying Tigers, right?"

The Japanese soldier next to him nodded and said, "Although it's a little far, it looks like it."

The person who looked like the captain said, "It looks like it's in our occupied territory. Hurry up!"

Then, the group of Japanese soldiers immediately ran in the direction of the crash.

At the same time, on a small hill, a few Hua Xia farmers were also looking at the plane. One of the older men said, "It's the Flying Tigers' plane!

Second Brother, Third Brother, follow me and see if the Flying Tigers' pilot is still alive! "

The young man who was called Second Boy blurted out nervously, "Uncle Tian, the Nihonese and the Second Japanese have said many times that whoever dares to rescue or shelter the pilots of the Flying Tigers will have their whole family beheaded!"

The older man scolded, "The Flying Tigers are fighting in the sky. They're not even afraid of falling. Why are you so timid?

If you don't want to go, I'll go myself! "

With that, the older man knocked his tobacco pipe on a rock, stuffed it into his waist, and ran down the hill.

The two young men looked at each other and hurriedly chased after him …