Chapter 1701

Japan and Hua Xia were very close to each other, and there were many conflicts in the history of the two countries. Li Mu himself hated the extreme samurai spirit and the behavior of denying history. That was why he had been promoting the real World War II and the real history. This was also why he had to make "The Last Samurai" notorious and stillborn.

However, Li Mu could make Makino Technology what it was today, in addition to his advantage of being reborn, he also had an objective and sober attitude.

Japan's tourism market was indeed very deep and thorough, and it was very worth learning from in China. Not to mention other things, just look at Japan's natural resources. How big is their territory? How many mountains, rivers, lakes, and seas?

Why can they do tourism to such an extreme with so few natural resources?

In Li Mu's view, the most important thing was that others did it more carefully and attentively.

Not to mention anything else, just take the tourism add-on products as an example.

Ueno Zoo in Tokyo, Japan, only had a few pandas rented from Hua Xia, but they developed and designed panda peripheral designs and products as many as dozens and hundreds of kinds. There were panda cartoon images everywhere. Even cars, buses, and hotels could be seen everywhere. All kinds of small goods were everywhere, and almost all of them were well-designed and excellent workmanship. Basically, all tourists who went there to see the pandas would buy some to bring back.

But as the only country of origin of the panda, and Sichuan was the location of the panda breeding base, the quantity and quality of their panda peripheral products were far inferior to Ueno Zoo.

The most depressing thing was that the peripheral products on both sides were produced in Yiwu, and even produced in the same factory.

The reason for this gap was that, on the one hand, we really did not put in as much effort as the other. On the other hand, it might be that our design ability was indeed weaker than the other party. After all, Japan had a strong animation gene. Even in a police station, there could be people who could draw comics and design a cute cartoon image for the police station. In this aspect, China was definitely weaker, but it did not matter. It could be improved!

If there was no good design team, then they could hire from big cities. If big cities still did not work, then they could spend money to hire Japanese or European designers directly. Everyone was serving for money. Who could go against money?

Even if they hired Japanese to do it, it would be fine!

As soon as Li Mu voiced out his idea, someone at the scene asked tentatively, "Li Zong, if we hire a Japanese designer to design the image and peripheral products for Hua Xia's national treasure, will there be a public boycott?"

After listening, Li Mu asked, "Are we going to boycott?

If the Japanese took Makino Technology's money and designed a lot of products and visual elements for the Taobao Panda Tour, then these products also belong to Makino Technology and Hua Xia. So what's wrong with that? "

The other party said, "I'm also worried that everyone will feel that this is not pure enough. You also know that some people like to be serious, after all."

Li Mu said, "In the 19th century, the great and diligent Chinese workers crossed the ocean to the United States and helped the United States build the Pacific Railroad, but it did not change the fact that the Pacific Railroad was the American railway, nor did it change the fact that the Pacific Railroad had contributed greatly to the development and rise of the United States. If Japanese designers can design excellent cartoon images for us, these cartoon images will naturally contribute to our tourism routes, to our tourism image, and to the tourism industry. So, what we want now is good things. You don't have to care about who makes good things. As long as it's our money, it's ours!"

As he said this, Li Mu continued, "In the next stage, the focus will be on opening tourist routes from first-tier cities to Sichuan, Chang 'an, Jiuzhaigou, and Mount Huangshan. The themes are: National Treasure Panda, Terracotta Army, Jiuzhaigou, and Mount Huangshan. We must carefully design these routes. Not only the transportation, accommodation, car usage, tickets, and scenic spots, but more importantly, how to integrate a deeper sense of service and added value into them. We must make foreigners dumbfounded after they come and unforgettable for a long time. When they go back, they will unconsciously give a thumbs up when they talk about this trip. Only in this way can we promote the concept of a high-quality tourist destination, make overseas tourists interested in Hua Xia's tourism, and make Hua Xia's tourism industry bigger and stronger step by step. In the end, we must make good money to drive out bad money, and squeeze out the tourism industry that is cheating and cheating, so that they have nowhere to hide."

Li Mu had always been sad about the development of the domestic tourism industry.

In his opinion, the domestic tourism industry was mostly growing in a barbaric manner. Moreover, they could be said to have the same effect as Hua Xia's Internet company. That was, everyone felt that Hua Xia's territory was vast and abundant. As long as they took care of the Hua Xia market, it would be enough for them to eat until they were full, so why should they care about the overseas market?

Therefore, in his previous life, there were almost no domestic Internet companies that could really send their products out of the country.

The domestic tourism industry had never thought of everyone working together to make Hua Xia's tourism market a popular outbound tourism market. Everyone was caught in all kinds of vicious competition, so all kinds of tourism problems emerged one after another. There were abnormal products like one-yuan shopping groups, and there were also all kinds of tricks to cheat and cheat people. There were even cases where people were killed because of forced shopping.

Li Mu did not have the ability to interfere with how other companies operated their tourism products, but he could make his own tourism products a benchmark. Then, through his own influence and promotion ability, he could influence the judgment and direction of the users and the market.

Therefore, in his opinion, he first had to ensure that no matter where Taobao's tourism routes went, they would be deeply developed boutique tourism projects. Every tourism route must be the best of the best.

Li Mu was also very clear that the tourism products he was selling now looked very cheap. It was basically zero profit. However, if the domestic tourism companies wanted to do it, they could do it cheaper than him and earn more money.

Take the Southeast Asia tourism route for example. For the same route, a normal tourism company might lower the price to five thousand yuan per person, and each person would earn a thousand yuan. However, a black-hearted tourism company could lower the price to three thousand yuan per person, and each person would earn two thousand yuan.

Why were they so arrogant?

To put it bluntly, they were using all kinds of tricks to cheat people.

First of all, for the same route, a normal tourism company would provide the normal flights of a normal airline. It was not a cheap flight, nor was it a red-eye flight. However, the black-hearted tourism company would usually arrange for the luggage to be checked in if it was over one piece. There were no free meals on the plane, so the cost was much lower.

Moreover, black-hearted tourism companies liked to occupy the time on both ends. For example, for the same four days and five nights, a normal tourism company would depart in the morning or afternoon, but a black-hearted tourism company would depart in the evening. In this way, there would only be one flight on the first day, and on the return trip, a normal tourism company would depart in the afternoon or evening, but a black-hearted tourism company would depart in the morning. In other words, there would only be one flight on the last day. This way, they would save a lot of money.

In addition, black-hearted tourism companies would arrange shopping at various stages. For example, in the jade market in Southeast Asia, as long as the travel company brought a tourist there, they could take tens or even hundreds of yuan per person. Then, if the tourist consumer spent money, the travel company could get at least 20% of the commission.

With a rough calculation, a tour group of 50 people entering the jade market, the travel company could earn three to five thousand yuan per person. Then, if one-fifth of these people were tricked into buying something, and the average spending was five thousand yuan, the total spending would be fifty thousand yuan, and the travel company could get ten thousand yuan.

Just one classic tour, the travel company had earned fifteen thousand yuan, which was equivalent to fifty people each earning three hundred yuan.

After visiting the jade market, they still had to visit the latex products factory.

The latex products factory would also pay the travel company according to the number of people, and then they would get a 20% rebate when they entered. Also, the latex products factory was easier to scam than the jade market, because the tourists were not vigilant enough.

After entering, the tour guide or staff would tell you that the latex in Southeast Asia was all natural products. They would let you see how they used natural materials to make latex mattresses and latex pillows. Then, they would let you try how comfortable it was. Finally, they would play their trump card and tell you that the normal price of this thing was ten thousand yuan in China, but only three to four thousand yuan here.

The tourists felt that buying it was a good deal, and they immediately expressed their desire to buy it. The other party immediately said that they would pay now, and the goods would be sent to Hua Xia immediately. When the tourists returned home, they would receive the goods.

Then, the tourists swiped their credit card to pay. When they returned home, they received a mattress mailed from Gui Province. It did not even look like it was worth a thousand yuan. At this time, even if they wanted to complain, there was no way to do so. The travel company had already received a commission of a few hundred yuan per person from the latex factory.

In the end, the travel company would pay the local latex factory a visit fee based on the number of people, for example, one hundred yuan per person, and the rest of the black-hearted money would be earned by the travel company itself.

If similar things happened a few times, not to mention a three thousand yuan tour fee, even a one yuan tour fee could make money.

Moreover, similar things did not only happen in Hua Xia's tour groups that went to Southeast Asia or other countries. It happened more often in domestic tour groups.

Li Mu did not want these cheap and inferior tour groups to dominate the market in the future. The best way was to take advantage of the current situation and then use the influence of his own platform to constantly expose the tricks of the black-hearted tour groups and raise the people's awareness of being cheated. Although this could not completely strangle these black sheep, at least it could infinitely suppress their living space.

For Li Mu, this was a protracted war. Fortunately, he had enough ammunition to keep fighting.

This time, it was the Panda, Terracotta Army, Jiuzhai, and Huangshan routes. Next time, it would be the Guilin Mountains and Rivers, West Lake Scenery, Yungui Scenery, and Zhangjiajie Forest Park. If he continued to develop like this, one day, he would be able to cover the whole country with high-quality routes!

。

m.