Chapter 173

In the canteen of the National People's Congress, Liu Nian ordered some vegetables and a steamed bun. Li Mu felt a little sad and wanted to order some meat dishes to eat with him, but he gave up after a moment of hesitation. He also ordered some vegetables and a steamed bun. Then, he scooped a bowl of free soup from the canteen and sat across from Liu Nian.

Liu Nian saw that Li Mu ordered so little, so he hurriedly asked, "Mu Ge, do you have enough to eat?"

Li Mu smiled. "Enough. It's good for your health to eat less at night."

The camera was fixed to the side, and Li Mu and Liu Nian finished their meal quickly. They didn't talk much, but when they were about to finish, Li Mu asked Liu Nian, "Are you full?"

Liu Nian nodded and smiled. "I'm full. I don't eat much."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. The two of them got up together and took their plates to the special bucket at the door. Then, they walked out of the campus side by side.

Leaving the school, waiting for the bus, and taking the bus, the camera followed them the whole time. The camera didn't stop even once.

After getting off the bus, Liu Nian took the address slip and looked at the signs by the roadside. After walking for about 500 meters, he found a neighborhood called Zhichun Nanli.

After entering the neighborhood, Liu Nian started to feel a little nervous. He said to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, what if the students or their parents don't approve of my tutoring?"

Li Mu smiled casually. "You scored more than 670 points in the college entrance exam. As long as you don't get nervous and show them what you learned in the third year of high school, the students and their parents will definitely approve of it."

Liu Nian giggled and said, "I'm just afraid that they won't be satisfied and will ask for a refund. Then, in my dad's eyes, I'll really be an idiot talking nonsense."

Li Mu patted his shoulder and said lightly, "Don't worry, you can do it."

The two of them went all the way to the employer's house. Liu Nian took a few deep breaths at the door and then pressed the doorbell.

Before coming here, Li Mu had already communicated with the parents and asked if they were willing to cooperate with the special filming. The parents agreed without hesitation. At this moment, the family of three was waiting for Liu Nian, Li Mu, and the two staff members of the TV station to visit.

The doorbell rang twice before the door was pushed open. An auntie in her forties saw the four people and the black camera at the door and hurriedly said with a smile, "Oh, are you Classmate Liu Nian and Classmate Li Mu?

Come in, come in. "

Liu Nian hurriedly bowed slightly and said, "Hello Auntie, I am Liu Nian."

Li Mu also bowed slightly. "Hello, Auntie. I'm Li Mu."

The auntie politely said, "Come in!"

The two of them entered the door first, followed by the two reporters. As soon as they entered the door, the man sitting on the sofa stood up to welcome them. The other boy, who was about 17 or 18 years old, was a little nervous. He looked at the camera and quickly turned his face to the side.

The man pulled his son to the front and said with a smile, "Xiao Yu, quickly say hello to the seniors. Don't you want to take the National People's Congress exam? These two are your seniors in the National People's Congress."

Xiao Yu was obviously a little nervous in front of the camera. He smiled awkwardly and said shyly like a girl, "Hello, seniors."

Li Mu said, "Actually, the TV station is doing a follow up shoot today. Uncle, Auntie, and Xiao Yu, let's not be too nervous. Just let it be natural."

Chen Lei, who had been following the camera without saying a word, smiled and said, "That's right, Uncle, Auntie. Later, when Liu Nian is tutoring Xiao Yu, we only need to go in and shoot a few scenes."

The auntie smiled and said, "Alright, alright. Sit on the sofa for a while and drink some water!"

Liu Nian looked at the time and said, "Auntie, it's almost time. I think I'll go with Xiao Yu to his room for tutoring."

Xiao Yu also wanted to get out of the camera's range as soon as possible, so he hurriedly said, "Senior Liu Nian, please follow me to the study room."

The two of them went to the study room, and Chen Lei did not follow them to disturb them. Instead, she said to the man and woman of the house, "Uncle, Auntie, while the children are studying, let us do an interview for the two of you."

The man was a little scared and asked in a low voice, "You still want to interview us?

What are you going to interview? "

Chen Lei said, "Actually, it's just some simple questions. For example, why did you choose to find a college tutor for your child in 3321? What do you think about college tutors? You don't have to be nervous. Just answer them truthfully."

… …

The next day at 10 pm, Beijing's evening news was broadcasted.

Li Mu and his other 5 roommates ran out to find a private room with a TV for dinner. They ate while watching the news. In order not to make Liu Nian feel awkward, they did not ask Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls to eat with them.

The evening news had just started, and the host introduced the main content of today's news. 3321 was the third. The description the host used was, "Online tutoring explodes in Beijing. 3321 explores the new direction of college students' part-time jobs."

After the official content started, everyone waited for about 7 to 8 minutes before it was finally time for Liu Nian's special news.

After the host's introduction, the scene cut to Renmin University's dormitory. At this time, Liu Nian and Li Mu were about to leave. The narrator used a tone similar to "Hua Xia on the Tip of the Tongue" and said, "At 6 pm, Renmin University's Year 01 freshman Liu Nian packed his backpack. With his roommate Li Mu's accompaniment, he is preparing for his first tutoring session. He put 20 lessons on 3321, and the transaction price is 43 yuan per lesson. After a week of lessons, he will receive a remuneration of more than 800 yuan. At first glance, this price might be shocking, but this reporter has learned that the highest bid price on 3321 is 588 yuan per lesson."

"Eighteen-year-old Liu Nian comes from a mountain village under the jurisdiction of a national-level impoverished county in the southwest of Guangxi. Due to geographical isolation and economic development, Liu Nian's family income is only about 3,000 yuan per week. Before tonight, he never dreamed that he could find a part-time job that pays more than 800 yuan per week. Some time ago, he hoped to find a part-time job at the National People's Congress campus. The latter's salary is about 3 yuan per hour. Although it is higher than the minimum wage in Beijing, it is more than 10 times lower than the salary Liu Nian received on 3321."

"Li Mu, who is next to Liu Nian, is the founder of 3321. This is a platform that specializes in serving university students, high school students, and high school students' parents. The core of its operation is to recommend university students to be tutors for high school students. In the past week, 3321 has become the name that the parents of high school students in Beijing are most concerned about."

At this time, Li Mu and Liu Nian had already left the dormitory. After the narration ended, the scene switched to a studio. Li Mu was sitting on a single sofa. The yellow light shone on his face, and his back was dark, making him stand out.

Li Mu said with a smile on the screen, "The website 3321 was created by an unexpected opportunity. At that time …"

The TV Li Mu briefly described the situation when he came back from the holidays and saw the sick Liu Nian worrying about his part-time job.

"At that time, I found it hard to accept. No matter what, the students who can get into the National People's Congress are definitely the best in the college entrance exam. They have studied the knowledge of high school for three years to the point of perfection in order to get such excellent results in the college entrance exam. Why can they only get a part-time salary of less than three yuan per hour?

So, I decided to create a website like this at that time, to let them find their own value in life. "

The reporter who didn't show his face asked Li Mu about the source of funds to create 3321. Li Mu directly said that it was the support of his family.

The reporter then asked Li Mu about the purpose of 3321 collecting a 5% commission from both the parents and the students.

Li Mu also explained his motive again. "After deducting 3321's normal operating capital, all the remaining profits will be used to set up a university bursary fund."

The reporter asked again, "We did a rough calculation. 3321's first week's profit was more than 150,000. Assuming that after earning back the initial investment, it has a net income of 50,000 yuan per week, then it will be 200,000 yuan per month. This is a very large sum of money, and it is naturally a good thing to use it as a university bursary fund. But who will use this money?

Will 3321 set up its own bursary fund, or will it donate the money to a social charity? "

Li Mu used an extremely serious tone to answer this question. "3321 is a public-spirited platform. We will make all our profits public and transparent. We also welcome people from all walks of life to audit and monitor the data we make public. This is something that no charity can do at the moment. So, our net profits will be used to set up our own bursary fund. We will also implement transparency in our funds. Every income, every donation, we will announce it on our website."

Then, the screen switched to Liu Nian being interviewed. The reporter asked Liu Nian, "Before coming to Yanjing, did you think about doing a part-time job after coming here?"

Liu Nian was silent for a while, then raised his head and said, "I thought about it the whole night before I came to Yanjing. After that, I thought about it every day. It's just that my physical fitness is too poor, and I'm too short. Normal part-time jobs don't want me."

The reporter asked again, "Did you think about tutoring before?"

"I thought about it, but there was no way. The students' parents wouldn't come to the university to find us. We also didn't know where to find the students' parents, so we could only write some notes and post them in the nearby residential areas. But it seemed like no one cared."

"Then why do you think no one cared when a university student posted a note to find an employer, but on 3321, it became the employer who took the initiative to hire a university student?"

Liu Nian smiled shyly and said, "Mu Ge mentioned this to me before. Back then, I didn't dare to imagine myself tutoring a senior high school student. Because of the age gap and the importance of the matter, I didn't have enough confidence. Actually, it's not just me, it's the same for other university students. Most of them are tutoring junior high school students because it's less stressful. But after Mu Ge heard about it, he scolded me for being an idiot. He scolded me for not realizing that my biggest advantage is in the college entrance exams and mastering the three years of high school knowledge."