Chapter 1703

panda

After the basic image of the panda bear was designed, Li Mu immediately asked the team of designers to come up with more poses and expressions according to its basic image, perfecting the panda bear's material library as quickly as possible.

At the same time, the OEM factory in Yiwu was also working overtime to produce panda bear dolls.

In addition to the real dolls, Li Mu also asked them to come up with ordinary dolls of 15 centimeters, 30 centimeters, and 50 centimeters. These dolls would become the first wave of souvenirs for the panda tour in the future.

Among them, the 30 centimeter dolls would be sent directly to the United States, and then Lin Ching-ah would arrange people from the United States branch to set up pick-up points at the airports of Los Angeles and San Francisco, California.

At that time, all tourists who bought the panda tour products through Taobao would be able to get a 30 centimeter doll before they left the two airports.

30 centimeters was a very interesting size. It was neither too big nor too small. It was not too big to be a hindrance, nor too small to be easily stuffed into an alley or a bag. Therefore, after tourists got it at the airport, there was a high probability that they would hold it or take it on the plane.

In this way, tourists had already begun to promote Hua Xia's panda tour before they left the United States.

The factory that accepted the OEM customization also attached great importance to this cooperation. They kept improving in the process of design and production, and Li Mu also gave them enough profit margin in the price.

Li Mu was ready to use the Kumamon Bear to start a war of emojis.

Emoji had been popular on the Internet for many years, and now most users felt that this kind of emoji was boring and plain. However, there was no social media software to lead the emoji revolution, because people thought that emojis were nothing more than cartoon expressions of people, such as smiling, depressed, angry, sad, embarrassed, sweating, helpless. Basically, that was enough.

However, no one would have thought that gif animations could be used to lead to a new emoji revolution. It could be made from a wide range of materials, be it movies, games, TV show clips, or short videos taken by users themselves. They could all be used to make emoji packages.

In his previous life, gif emoticons were the first to become popular. They allowed users to experience the unique charm of rich emoticons. After that, all kinds of emoticons with pictures and text also became popular.

Li Mu's current idea was to start with YY and start with gifs. He wanted to make YY the core battlefield of the new generation of emoticons. It could even be the only battlefield.

Makino Technology's R&D strength was second to none in the Internet industry. Whether it was Yan Jing or Silicon Valley, there were Makino Technology's software and hardware R&D centers, not to mention the Apple team that had been completely digested.

With such strong technical support, it would be a piece of cake to develop an emoticon function for YY.

…

A few days later, Taobao Logistics delivered several huge packages to Taobao's office.

Li Mu personally opened the outer packaging. When he saw the "panda bear" doll that he had "designed", he was so happy that he couldn't close his mouth.

He immediately asked Lei Jianguo to find seven or eight strong young men and a small filming team that he had worked with before. They started recording the "root of all evil" emoji for the panda bear.

Since the panda bear was Li Mu's "original creation", he not only asked seven or eight young men to put on the panda bear, but he also put on a set himself.

Although the toy was a bit clumsy, the workmanship, expression, and body shape were exactly the same as the Kumamon bear in the mirror. Especially the dirty look, it was a perfect replica.

Li Mu was playful. He personally demonstrated to the filming team, "I'm going to run and jump in front of the camera later. You guys follow me and shoot. Remember to move back at the same speed as me."

The filming team immediately picked up their cameras and got ready.

Then, Li Mu put on the panda bear doll and performed the famous scene of the Kumamon running and jumping while swinging its arms in an exaggerated manner.

Interestingly, everyone at the scene thought that the panda bear was ugly. However, when Li Mu started running and jumping, everyone could not help but laugh. Some young girls even covered their mouths and laughed out loud.

No one dared to imagine that the boss of Makino Technology and Taobao, Li Mu could wear a doll and do such an embarrassing action. It was quite interesting …

After that, Li Mu put on the doll costume and ran to the monitor to see the effect. It was indeed more than 95% perfect.

Then, he did a few classic Kumamon moves that he remembered. For example:

Turning his back to the camera and waving.

Standing still, suddenly spreading his legs and spreading his hands like a chicken spreading its wings.

Riding a bicycle, a tricycle, and a motorcycle while wearing a doll costume.

Running a few steps while wearing a doll costume and kicking a young man away.

Then, a few other young people wearing panda bear costumes also tried to do all kinds of exaggerated, cute, and even dirty moves under his command. Everyone could not help but laugh at them.

After the filming, Li Mu immediately asked someone to make the classic clips from the videos into GIFs. He even added Chinese, English, German, French, Japanese, and other languages to them.

For example, the action of running and jumping along the way was subtitled in each country's language: "I'm coming!"

Suddenly turning around and acting cute was accompanied by a cartoon heart, followed by the words "I love you" in each country's language:

Flying and kicking someone, accompanied by the words "Go to hell!"

Rushing to the dining room, accompanied by the words "Time to eat!"

There was a GIF of him suddenly lying on the ground while he was walking with the words, "I can't walk anymore!".

Suddenly lifting the curtain, poking his head out and looking left and right, accompanied by the words "I'll just watch without saying a word …"

Turning three hundred and sixty degrees, giving a thumbs up, accompanied by the words "You're awesome!"

Holding his head with both hands and shaking it left and right, accompanied by a series of star effects, accompanied by the words "I miss you so much …"

Soon, the entire Taobao design team was immediately immersed in this unprecedented funny atmosphere, unable to extricate themselves from it.

The joy of making emoticons made them immersed in it, and each of them had a great time.

Li Mu asked them to choose twenty different animations from the many materials, and then made them into a standard square. These were the official animated emoticons for the first episode of Panda Bear!

Coincidentally, while waiting for the dolls and making the animations, Fang Xudong led the team to develop YY with the animated emoticons function.

Not long after, Li Mu was invited by Fang Xudong to participate in the internal demonstration of the beta function.

According to Li Mu's request, Fang Xudong added a gif emoticon option next to the emoji option in the YY dialog box. The icon of this option was based on the emoji icon, with a small visual effect of dynamic illumination. On one hand, it was eye-catching, and on the other hand, it was to highlight the animated function.

Fang Xudong used the projection to show Li Mu how to add the GIF. When the user clicked on the add button, a path selection window would pop up, and the user could directly add a gif file.

While demonstrating, Fang Xudong introduced, "In theory, all of the user's gif animations can be added, but to ensure that the bandwidth usage does not exceed the limit, and to ensure the user's experience of launching the animations, we added a function to YY, which is to automatically compress the gif images. The default is to compress them to less than 1MB."

Li Mu nodded approvingly and said, "Xudong did a good job on this point. He was able to consider the problem on the basis of the product's needs and come up with a solution."

Fang Xudong smiled and said, "Li Zong, to be honest, gif animations aren't very popular at the moment, and creating a gif animation is still very technical for ordinary users. I estimate that at least 95% of users don't know how to do it, so I'm thinking, will this function be unavailable to users in the future?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's what I wanted to talk to you about today."

As he said that, Li Mu pointed at the function of adding gif animations on the screen with a laser pointer and said, "First stage, you have to block this function for me."

"Block it?" Fang Xudong looked surprised.

It was not easy to make a function, but he had to block the entrance that the user added. What was going on?

Fang Xudong said in confusion, "Li Zong, if I may be bold, if you block the entrance, it's equivalent to building a building without opening a door for users to enter and exit."

Li Mu shook his finger and said with a smile, "It's not that we built a building without opening a door for the users. It's that we built a building without giving the users the right to live in and decorate it."

Fang Xudong was stunned for a moment and asked, "You mean like the developer's method of collective decoration?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "That's right!

It's collective decoration! "

As he said that, Li Mu threw a USB to Fang Xudong and said, "Open it and take a look."

Fang Xudong inserted the USB into the computer suspiciously. After opening it, he found that there were twelve gif animations inside. From the thumbnail, they were all cartoon pictures, and they were all ugly panda pictures.

Fang Xudong said in surprise, "Li Zong … This … Is this the panda bear that you personally designed …"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right, that's it!"

As he said that, Li Mu asked curiously, "I asked the Taobao designer to make it for me. How did you know about this?"

Fang Xudong said awkwardly, "The whole company knows … To be honest, this panda bear made everyone doubt your aesthetics for the first time …"

Li Mu laughed and pointed to the screen. "Open it first and take a look."

Fang Xudong opened the first one, and the panda bear bounced over. "I'm here!"

This scene was projected on the big screen, and everyone immediately burst out laughing.

Fang Xudong was also surprised and asked, "Li Zong, this … Is this a real person?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "It's me. How is it? Is it interesting?"

Fang Xudong said with surprise and joy, "You mean to make this a type of chat content for everyone to use?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "That's right. Think about it. With this GIF, you can send such an emoji to your friends or chat in a group. Don't you think it's interesting?"

3_3245/