Chapter 974

In Ziyun Villa, the party in the courtyard of the villa was still going on.

Although the night at the beginning of October was a little chilly, it didn't affect people like Li Mu who were in high spirits at all.

Song Liang's son was full and had fallen asleep in his mother's arms. Li Mu asked Song Liang to send the child to the guest room to rest, and the group of adults continued to drink and chat.

They drank to their heart's content until past eleven o 'clock at night. Basically, everyone was a little dizzy from drinking. When it was almost over, everyone decided to stay in Ziyun Villa with the help of the alcohol. In a drunken state, no one wanted to go back home. They wished they could find a bed nearby and have a good night's sleep.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei to allocate rooms for everyone. Song Liang's family lived in the master bedroom that Li Mu's parents used to live in. Dufy and Du Wei shared a room. Chen Ze and Wei Lan shared a room.

It seemed to be a very reasonable arrangement, but Dufy felt worried about Wei Lan and insisted on sleeping with Wei Lan. They had been living together for the past two days, and Dufy seemed to have gotten used to it.

Du Wei was well-behaved and sensible. She immediately said that she could stay in a guest room and let her sister and Wei Lan stay together.

Wei Lan wanted to decline at first, but seeing that Dufy, who was a little drunk, showed a stronger sense of responsibility to her, she had no choice but to comply with Dufy.

The next morning, the people who got up and sobered up left one after another. Only Li Mu was left in the big villa.

The people of Fayue Restaurant had already cleaned the courtyard. Except for a few lounge chairs that Li Ziwei bought, nothing about last night's party was left.

The morning sun was warm and pleasant. Li Mu lounged on the lounge chair in the courtyard for a long time. He thought of Wei Lan and the thought that flashed in his mind. Li Mu sent a message to Wei Lan.

"Wei Lan, I basically don't have time to live in the villa in Ziyun Villa. You might as well buy it. Give me the money after you get the 800 million yuan from Juncheng Real Estate. The price will be according to our original contract."

At this time, Wei Lan had arrived home, but Dufy didn't go with her. She said that she would send her sister home first and then come to accompany Wei Lan in the evening.

Seeing Li Mu's message, Wei Lan knew very well that Li Mu was taking care of her again and wanted to return the villa to her. However, Wei Lan didn't want it at all.

Although this villa was her favorite, it had brought her too many unexpected gains, so much that Wei Lan no longer had any thoughts of trying to make it her own again. So, Wei Lan replied to Li Mu, "Thank you for always thinking about me, but I'm already lonely enough in Yan Jing. Do you want me to live in Ziyun Villa alone?

Isn't that too pitiful? "

Li Mu expected that Wei Lan might refuse or be polite, but he didn't expect Wei Lan to reply like this. After thinking for a moment, he felt that what Wei Lan said was true. Wei Lan's close relatives were all in the US, leaving her alone in Yanjing. This kind of situation would indeed make her feel even more lonely.

So Li Mu replied, "Then don't worry about it for now. If you change your mind in the future, let me know at any time."

…

In the afternoon, Li Ziwei drove over and gave Li Mu a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of aged Maotai that was almost impossible to buy in the market.

The flowers were mainly carnations, and they were paired with a few other flowers that Li Mu didn't recognize. Because of the combination and the choice of flowers, the overall feeling was very good.

In terms of wine, Li Mu didn't know much, and he didn't know which kind Zhao Xianliang liked to drink. Bringing a bottle of wine was a small gift. If it wasn't the kind that Zhao Xianliang liked, it didn't matter, as long as it was the intention.

When it was almost five o 'clock, Zhao Ziqiu called Li Mu and asked him, "Are you busy now?"

Li Mu said, "I'm not busy. What about you?

Are you done with uncle and auntie? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I just came back from the city with my parents, and we bought a lot of ingredients. As soon as my mother got home, she started to cook and asked me to help her. She said that she was afraid that my father would be bored alone, so she asked me to call you and ask you to come and chat with my father earlier."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I can go there now. I can walk there, but it's not good. Will it scare uncle and auntie if I get there so soon?"

Zhao Ziqiu said hurriedly, "I don't think it's a big deal. Even if they know that you also have a villa in Ziyun Villa, it's normal."

As she said, Zhao Ziqiu said, "My mother wants you to come earlier, or my father will be bored to death. Come and chat with my father quickly, and I will accompany my mother to cook in the kitchen."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll change my clothes and go there now."

Li Mu hung up the phone and immediately went back to his cloakroom to change clothes. Zhao Ziqiu put away the phone and walked quickly to the living room. She said to Zhao Xianliang, who was sitting in the living room, smoking a cigar and reading the newspaper, "Dad, Li Mu said that he will go out after changing clothes. He will be here soon. When he comes, let him chat with you. I will help mom to cook."

Zhao Xianliang smiled slightly, "Go and help your mother. When Li Mu arrives, dad will greet him for you."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue shyly and hurried to the kitchen.

At the moment, Xie Yun was arranging all kinds of ingredients that she bought today. Seeing Zhao Ziqiu's blushing face, she couldn't help but tease her, "I asked you to call Li Mu. Why are you blushing?"

"No, I didn't."

Zhao Ziqiu couldn't hide her shyness and said coquettishly, "Dad was joking with me and asked me to help you. He said that when Li Mu comes, he will greet him for me. You know, I didn't invite Li Mu to eat at home, and I'm not the head of the family. How can he greet him for me?"

Xie Yun looked at her and said with a doting smile, "Your father is right. Isn't he greeting him for you?

Inviting Li Mu over for dinner is also because he is your boyfriend. Your father and I pay so much attention to Li Mu's activities every day also because of you. "

With this, Xie Yun said casually, "By the way, do you know that recently, your father has been talking to me about something related to Li Mu before going to bed every night? He seems to be possessed."

Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "What's wrong with dad recently?

Why does he pay so much attention to Li Mu? "

Xie Yun said with a smile, "It's because you found a monster like Li Mu. Since your father accepted him in his heart, he has been thinking about giving him advice every day."

After a pause, Xie Yun looked at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "In the end, it's all for you."

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her head shyly. She really felt her parents' love for her and their concern for Li Mu, especially her father, who usually looked serious. She didn't expect that he would pay so much attention to Li Mu for her. It was really the saying that a father's love was like a mountain. Zhao Ziqiu was moved. She walked to Xie Yun with small steps and said coquettishly, "Mom, thank you and dad!"

Xie Yun said, "There's no need to be so polite to your parents. Hurry up and wash your hands and help me."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly prepared to wash her hands and start to work, but Li Mu had already rang the door of Zhao Ziqiu's house.

There was no camera. Zhao Xianliang's voice came from the walkie-talkie outside the door, "Who is it?"

Li Mu, who was holding flowers in one hand and liquor in the other, hurriedly said, "Uncle Zhao, it's me, Li Mu."

Zhao Xianliang was obviously a little surprised. It seemed that it was less than ten minutes since his daughter talked to him. His daughter had just called Li Mu and seemed to say that Li Mu was going to change clothes and go out. Did it only take ten minutes for him to "change clothes and go out" to come here?

In shock, Zhao Xianliang thought of his previous speculation. It seemed that there was a 99% chance that Li Mu had bought a villa in Ziyun Villa.

Zhao Xianliang opened the door and walked out of the villa. When he pushed the door open, Li Mu just happened to enter the courtyard. Zhao Xianliang stood at the door. When Li Mu was almost in front of him, he smiled and said to him, "Ziqiu just said that you were going out. I didn't expect you to be here so soon. Come, hurry up and come in and sit."

Li Mu first nodded at Zhao Xianliang and said politely, "Hello, Uncle Zhao."

Then he simply told the truth and said to Zhao Xianliang, "I didn't have time to tell you. Some time ago, I happened to see a villa in Ziyun Villa that was going to be sold. I liked it after seeing it, so I bought it. However, I rarely live here. Most of the time, I live near the company. Yesterday, I just happened to have a party with a few partners there, so I came directly today."

Li Mu said so calmly, and Zhao Xianliang also felt that it was exactly what he had guessed, so he said with a smile, "You bought the right Ziyun Villa. Even if you don't live here, it's not bad to invest in it. After three to five years, the market value will at least double."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang had already led Li Mu into his living room.

Li Mu put the flowers and wine on the tea table and said, "Uncle Zhao, I didn't bring any gifts. I bought a bouquet of flowers for Auntie and a bottle of wine for you."

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Thank you. It's very kind of you. Sit down!"

Inviting Li Mu to sit down on the sofa, Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Ziqiu and your auntie are busy in the kitchen. I think it will be a while before we eat. Do you know how to play chess?

Let's play two rounds. "

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "What do you want to play, Uncle Zhao?

I'm not very good at chess, so my knowledge is limited. "

Zhao Xianliang asked him, "Chess, do you know how to play?"

Li Mu had been playing chess for many years, but his chess skills were average. He had never received any systematic training. However, since Zhao Xianliang wanted to play, he naturally couldn't refuse, so he said, "I'm not good at chess. I only know the basic rules, such as the horse moves on the sun and the elephant moves on the field."

Zhao Xianliang laughed and said, "It's enough to know the basic rules. To be honest, I'm also bad at chess. I've been playing chess for 20 or 30 years, but my level hasn't improved. We have nothing to do, so we'll just play."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, then let's play two rounds!"

At this time, Zhao Xianliang stood up and said, "Let's go upstairs to the study to play chess."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I'll go and say hello to Auntie and Ziqiu first."

As soon as he finished speaking, Xie Yun, who heard the movement, came from the kitchen to the living room. When she saw Li Mu, she said with a smile, "Li Mu is here."

Li Mu stood up and said politely, "Hello, Auntie Xie."

"Hello, hello," Xie Yun said with a smile, "Just now, Ziqiu was talking about you. You're here so soon."

Zhao Xianliang pointed to the flowers on the coffee table and said to Xie Yun, "Li Mu also bought you a bouquet of flowers."

"Really?"

Xie Yun hurried to the front and looked at the bouquet of carnations on the coffee table. She said happily, "The flowers are very beautiful. I like them very much. Thank you, Li Mu."

"Auntie Xie, you're welcome."