Chapter 1618

The feedback from the president of the National People's Congress made Li Mu realize that in this era, there were fewer opportunities for college students to go abroad than he had imagined.

The current economic situation and the degree of internationalization were far from the level of more than ten years later. In the era of more than ten years later, as long as one had money, one could study abroad after graduating from junior high school. Even if one could not pass the IELTS and TOEFL exams, there were still a large number of overseas unqualified universities to choose from. Therefore, the popularity of going abroad at that time was so high that it had lost its halo.

However, at the moment, studying abroad and exchanging abroad were out of reach for the vast majority of high school students. This was the fundamental reason why almost every high school in the country coveted the more than one thousand places for exchange students.

The top ten universities aimed to fight for dozens or even hundreds of exchange student quotas for their own schools every year. However, the first and second-tier universities also hoped to get a small number of quotas. Even if it was only three to five every year, it was still a great expectation for their college students.

At this moment, Li Mu even thought of communicating with the president again to distribute the remaining quotas equally. At the very least, he wanted to give a certain number of quotas to the top 985 and 211 universities in the country.

However, in the next moment, Li Mu overthrew his own idea.

Education was the same as running a business. One could formulate a basic policy that could cover all targets. However, if one really wanted to cultivate a top enterprise, there must be a certain amount of resources and respect the two-eighty principle that had been proven countless times.

This was why American entrepreneurs always donated tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars to top universities like Harvard, Yale, Stanford, and MIT. The fundamental reason was that only such top universities could make the best use of so many donations. For example, in China, if you donated 100 million to Tsinghua University, you might be able to develop a new technology that was the best in the country or even the world. However, if you donated 100 million to an ordinary university, you would probably only be able to change the hardware inside and outside of the university.

These thousand or so exchange students corresponded to the top ten universities in the United Kingdom. Not only did it represent the excellent level of education, but it also contained a good opportunity to broaden one's horizons. Therefore, after Li Mu thought about it, he still felt that these opportunities should be provided to the top ten universities in the country. He wanted them to make the best use of them and take the opportunity to cultivate more outstanding talents.

Therefore, Li Mu said to the principal, "Since that's the case, you can just push all the blame onto me. All the vacancies will be given to the other nine top ten universities in the country, and according to the formula I mentioned just now, carry out an open and fair distribution. I will set the rules and formula, and no modifications are allowed. Even the schools that have obtained the vacancies are not allowed to transfer them or transfer them to other schools. They are only allowed to digest them internally."

The principal immediately beamed with joy and said, "Oh, Student Li Mu, I've been waiting for you to say that. Only someone outside the education industry like you can have the final say in this matter."

Li Mu said helplessly, "Anyway, you just don't want to take the blame, so I'll take the blame for you."

After that, Li Mu added, "In addition, please go back and make it clear to the other schools that after the allocation of the vacancies, in theory, it is entirely up to them to decide which students to allocate these vacancies to. I also respect their freedom. However, the information of the exchange students that they decide to send every year must be submitted to you, and then I will arrange for a special person to review it. If there are any signs of favoritism or fraud, once it is verified, all the vacancies allocated to this school will be taken back, and the student will be permanently blacklisted. Therefore, let the school do a good job of supervision."

The principal immediately said, "This is very important. I will definitely convey all your instructions to the people in charge of the other schools."

Li Mu said, "That's basically it. We have to seize this year's time window. Since the UK has already given us the vacancies, we should try to use them this year instead of waiting until next year. Therefore, we should allocate the vacancies as soon as possible, and let all the major schools decide on the list before November. We should strive to send this batch of students out by the end of the Gregorian calendar. Then next year, we will choose to send a new batch of students over after the end of the summer holidays."

The principal smiled and said, "If there is a chance, you can contact the top universities in the United States and see if they can provide us with a batch of exchange students, especially in the IT and high-tech fields. Right now, we need to cultivate talents in these fields."

Li Mu said, "To tell you the truth, I do have this in mind. When I go to the United States next time, I will find an opportunity to contact these schools. Harvard is fine as a whole. After all, they took the operating rights of 3321 in the United States, so of course they have to give something in return. As for the other schools, I will need to find a suitable bargaining chip to exchange with them."

When the exchange program was carried out between schools of similar strength, both sides were happy to see it. However, once the teaching standards of the two sides were much higher, the side with the higher standard would naturally feel that it was a loss. After all, academic exchanges were not like "Metamorphosis." If a top school like Harvard had to accept a certain number of students from Hua Xia University every year, in the eyes of schools like Harvard and MIT, it would be a pure loss. Unless they could make up for it in other areas, they could forget about it.

…

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu and William drove all the way to the hotel.

Here, Li Ziwei had already prepared a banquet. There was no one else for tonight's dinner, only Li Mu, William, and Li Ziwei.

In the luxurious private room of the hotel, Li Ziwei told Li Mu the results of the appraisal of the relics given by the Queen. A few of the collections had been appraised by authorities, and all of them were very precious relics of Hua Xia. Among them, there was an exquisite bronze artifact that could be classified as a first-class cultural relic. Based on preliminary estimates, if all of these collections were to be auctioned, the transaction value should be around 60 million RMB.

Li Mu was a little surprised. He didn't expect the Queen to be so generous. The first meeting gift was worth almost five or six million pounds, and the most important thing was that these were all relics of Hua Xia, which was of great significance.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "I was still talking to William about this on the way here. I want to hold a three-party donation ceremony. William will represent the Queen and the entire Windsor family, and then I will represent the Palace Museum. You can go back and confirm with the Palace Museum about this matter. If they are willing, they will cooperate with us to hold a donation ceremony in the Palace Museum. At that time, we will invite a small number of reporters from major media outlets to attend."

Li Ziwei immediately said, "Then I will go over tomorrow and communicate with them about this matter."

Li Mu nodded and reminded her, "Tell them that I have an idea to hold a public welfare campaign called 'The Return of Hua Xia's Overseas Cultural Relics.' We will use this matter as a trigger. Then, Makino Technology and Taobao Technology will each provide a portion of the funds to buy back those lost overseas cultural relics of Hua Xia. Then, we will call on private entrepreneurs, philanthropists, ordinary people, and overseas Chinese to participate. If the Palace Museum is interested, then we will organize this public welfare campaign with them. The campaign's expenses will be borne by Makino Technology. They only need to provide manpower and effort, especially experts and scholars with sufficient value."

Li Ziwei quickly noted down the key points in her little notebook, then said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, other than this, is there any other information that needs to be conveyed?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Let's first ask about their intentions. The rest is a matter of the implementation stage. If they have no objections, help me communicate with Central TV and see if they are interested in making a documentary about the lost cultural relics of Hua Xia. If they are interested, they will take the lead, and we will cooperate with the Palace Museum. The three parties will contact each other to produce the documentary."

"Okay."

Li Ziwei said straightforwardly, "Then I will go to the Palace Museum first tomorrow morning. If the Palace Museum can confirm their intentions before noon, I will go to Central TV in the afternoon. If the Palace Museum does not agree for the time being, or needs to consider, I will report to you in real time based on the actual situation."

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction. Li Ziwei was very logical in doing things. Often, as long as the requirements were clearly explained to her, she would be able to figure out the key points of each step and push forward layer by layer in the shortest amount of time.

After explaining this matter, Li Mu took care of William's meal. He had only eaten two mouthfuls when his phone vibrated in his pocket.

He took it out and took a look. Li Mu was a little surprised. It turned out to be Wendy from the Goldberg family.

Li Mu suddenly remembered that Wendy had told him a few days ago that she seemed to be coming to Hua Xia to study. Could it be that she had already arrived?

After picking up the phone, Li Mu said with a smile, "Hello, Wendy. Long time no see. How have you been?"

Wendy's voice came from the other end of the phone. She said with an authentic London accent, "Mr. Li, I will be flying to Hua Xia in a few hours. If you have time, I would like to visit you first."

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "Are you preparing to report to Yan University?"

"Yes."

Wendy said with a smile, "The school is about to start reporting. I also want to go to Yan Jing in advance to familiarize myself with the life and climate there."

Li Mu said, "It just so happens that William is also in Hua Xia these few days. Moreover, we have just finished our business. I plan to show him around tomorrow. Since you are arriving tomorrow, why don't you join us?"

Wendy said without hesitation, "That's great!

It's really a good thing to be able to meet two good friends in Yan Jing! "

Li Mu said with a smile, "What time is your flight tomorrow?"

Wendy said, "It should be 11 o 'clock in the morning when I arrive in Yan Jing."

Li Mu asked again, "Have you booked the hotel?"

"Not yet." Wendy said, "I'll prepare to talk about it when I arrive in Yan Jing."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll arrange for someone to book another room for you at the hotel where William is staying."