Chapter 1580

Li Mu calculated the time and called Manchester City's CEO, Alister, at 8: 30 in the morning in London.

The British country was not big, and the time zone span was negligible, so basically the whole country went to work at nine o 'clock in London. Therefore, Alister must not have gone to the Manchester United Football Club at this time.

Alister was a little nervous when he received Li Mu's call. He first politely asked Li Mu if he had arrived in Hua Xia, and then asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what instructions do you have for calling?"

Li Mu asked him, "The news that I bought the Manchester United Football Club should have spread in England, right?"

"That's right."

Alister said, "The news has been on the front page of the news since last night."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If that's the case, then I guess Manchester United should also know that I want Cristiano Ronaldo."

Alister said, "Yes, Li Zong, the news can't be hidden anymore, and I had an appointment with Manchester City's CEO, David Gill, last night to meet him in his office at 9: 30 today. He must have guessed why I asked him."

Li Mu said, "George from the McMillan family might also be there. They won't let us poach Cristiano Ronaldo easily, so you have to do one thing for me."

Alister hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, please tell me."

Li Mu said, "Find a way to solve the portable recording device. I need you to record the entire audio from your meeting to your departure."

"That's no problem," Alister said, "I can ask my assistant to bring the recording pen and put it in the briefcase."

Li Mu said, "How to achieve it is your problem. I just need the results."

"Okay." Alister agreed and said, "I will do a good job."

Li Mu said, "Just send the audio file to me by email. The sooner the better."

"No problem!"

It was 9: 30 in the morning in London.

Manchester City's CEO, Alister, came to the Manchester United office building with his assistant and the club's lawyer.

He and his assistant both had a recording pen in their briefcases. Although they didn't know why Li Mu wanted to record the whole process, they still carried it out seriously and responsibly.

When he arrived at the Manchester United office building, he asked to see Manchester United's CEO, David Gill, but he did not expect that David Gill, Ferguson, and George McMillan would be waiting for him.

As soon as Alister and his peers walked into the Manchester United CEO's office, George McMillan shouted, "Alister, what was the original board of directors of your Manchester City team thinking?

Sell a Premier League club to a Hua Xia?

A f * cking Hua Xia person?

Have your brains been eaten by dogs?

When did England decline to such an extent? "

Alister knew George McMillan and knew the playboy's usual style, so he said awkwardly, "Mr. McMillan, the club's capital-level operations are decided by the board of directors. I'm just a professional manager. I can't answer the question you asked."

George McMillan roared with disdain, "The club was sold to the f * cking Hua Xia person. Why don't you resign?

Is working for Hua Xia more noble than working for England?

Why don't you let Hua Xia people run this f * cking club? "

Alister did not answer him and said, "We're here today for the player, Cristiano Ronaldo. We're willing to trigger his breach of contract at a price of 25 million pounds, so the next thing needs to be done by the lawyers on both sides …"

Ferguson said with a blank expression, "Save it, Alister. We won't give Cristiano Ronaldo to you."

Alister was not angry. He said with a smile, "But there's a breach of contract clause in your contract. So, as long as any club can afford 25 million pounds, you have to pay to release him, don't you?"

"It used to be, but not now," George McMillan said coldly.

"Go back and tell Li Mu that as long as I'm here, he can forget about getting any of Manchester United's players!"

Alister asked inexplicably, "Why?

We're both Premier League clubs. Shouldn't we abide by the rules of the Premier League clubs?

Or, don't add the breach of contract clause in the player's contract. If it's added, we have to be ready to trigger the breach of contract clause at any time. It's completely reasonable, reasonable, legal, and compliant for us to trigger Cristiano Ronaldo's breach of contract clause. Even if we apply to the Football Association for a ruling, I believe they will not hesitate to rule that we win. "

Ferguson's face was gloomy as he said, "The Football Association is useless. Alister, go back and tell that Hua Xia person to stop thinking about Cristiano Ronaldo. Such a good player, looking at the entire Premier League, only Manchester United has the ability to develop him into a superstar. Your club itself does not have the soil to develop him. After being bought by Hua Xia, it is even less so."

Alister's expression also became serious as he said, "Sir Ferguson, out of respect for Her Majesty the Queen, I also respect you as a knight who has been decorated by Her Majesty the Queen. However, as the manager of a Premier League team, you should defend all the rules of the Premier League. How can you openly break them?"

"Openly break them?"

Ferguson shook his head and said, "I didn't break any rules. If you have any objections, you can also appeal to the Football Association and see how they rule. I can tell you this, no one has ever been able to beat me at the level of the Football Association."

Ferguson had already spoken to the Football Association, and George McMillan directly called the senior officials of the Football Association. He had not gotten back at Li Mu for being beaten up. This time, he could not let Li Mu run wild at his own home. He had already made plans to snipe the Manchester City club. He could not let it stand out. Even if Li Mu invested a lot of money in it, he had to make sure that Manchester City could not win against Manchester United.

Alister saw that the situation could not be discussed, so his face turned cold and he said, "Since you are the kind of club that refuses to fulfill the contract, then we'll meet at the Football Association!"

He turned and left angrily. Alister immediately said to the assistant beside him, "Hurry back to the club."

After that, he said to the accompanying lawyer, "When you return to the club, immediately lodge a protest to the Football Association and ask the Football Association to intervene. Moreover, the summer transfer window is about to pass. We must put pressure on the Football Association to get them to give us a result in the shortest time possible."

The accompanying lawyer nodded and said, "I will deal with it as soon as possible."

Alister added, "We can't just lodge a protest in writing. If the Football Association does not give me a reply by noon today, we will leave for London. No matter what, we can't let them continue to drag on like this."

…

Back at the club, Alister immediately played the audio content in the recording pen and emailed it to Li Mu. Then he called Li Mu.

As soon as the phone was connected, Alister said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Manchester United's attitude is very tough and they refuse to follow the contract."

After saying that, Alistair briefly recounted the unpleasant experience he had just experienced.

Li Mu nodded and said, "Have you recorded the audio?"

Alister hurriedly said, "It's all recorded. I've sent it to your email."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let me know if there are any developments."

After hanging up the phone with Alister, Li Mu opened his email and downloaded about ten minutes of the audio file to the local area. After he clicked to play it, he heard George McMillan's roar like a duck.

After listening carefully to the entire conversation, Li Mu was not angry at all. Instead, he felt exceptionally happy.

Sometimes, a godlike teammate would make people feel refreshed, and the same was true with a pig-like opponent.

Some people who did not have enough IQ or EQ would always trap themselves to death step by step. Li Mu had a deep understanding of such a "tragedy" when he read celebrity gossip on Weibo in his previous life.

For example, a star had only made a small mistake of one point, but he insisted on using two points of toughness and arrogance to forcefully clean up the situation. As a result, he poked a hole in the system. On the basis of a small mistake of one point, he made a new mistake of at least two points. After accumulating three points of mistakes, he still did not repent and continued to pretend and forcefully clean up the situation. This time, the three points became six points, and in the end, he ended up in a situation where he could never recover.

Those stars were all smart people who had climbed up bit by bit from the bottom. It was easy for smart people to make such mistakes, not to mention George McMillan, a playboy who did not know the suffering of the world and had never seen the dangers of the world.

On this side of the earth, he could also play with him until his life was worse than death.

Then, Li Mu called Kong Lingyu and directly gave him an incredible task. "Old Kong, I've forwarded an email to your mailbox. Arrange for someone to upload the attached audio to our YYtunes. The author set it as the Manchester City Club, and then add Manchester City's portrait to it. Make it an 'original song' released by the 'Manchester City Club.' The title of the song is' The Great Manchester United Team. '"

Kong Lingyu was confused, but he still remembered the key point in Li Mu's words. He hurriedly said, "Li Zong, I'll arrange it right away."

Li Mu reminded him, "By the way, after this song is uploaded, let the technology temporarily hide it at the front desk. Don't let users find it at the front desk. Then send me the link. You can remove it when I ask you to remove it."

Kong Lingyu had long been used to Li Mu's disorderly routine. He immediately said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I'll do it as instructed."

Li Mu nodded and hung up.