Chapter 1251

Liu Xinying, who was extremely excited, was completely shocked by Li Mu's grand idea of a DNA database. On the one hand, she admired Li Mu's logic, and on the other hand, she wanted to devote herself to this great charity as soon as possible.

So, she asked Li Mu in a trembling voice, "Mr. Li, how difficult is it for us to realize the idea of a DNA database?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, "It's not difficult at all."

As he said this, Li Mu explained, "As long as we can train the team through the Veterans Don't Die project and accumulate enough experience, then operating a DNA database will not be a problem at all. The biggest threshold for a DNA database is money. Nowadays, for ordinary people, the cost of a DNA identification is very high, let alone finding missing children through DNA in the vast sea of people. That is basically impossible. However, this is actually the same as the business that hospitals do.

"If a hospital imports a multi-slice spiral CT equipment from Germany, the United States, or Japan, the cost may exceed 10 million yuan, and this does not include equipment depreciation, maintenance, and staff wages. Assuming that the hospital wants to recover its capital within five to eight years, and can perform 10,000 spiral CT scans a year, then the fee for each scan will inevitably be as high as hundreds of yuan or even more. However, if we generate commercial value through the Bring Baby Home project, and then use the commercial value to exchange for social charity funds, we can use this money to build three to five DNA identification centers in the important transportation hub cities in the country, as long as the initial equipment funds are in place.

Without considering the cost of recovering the equipment, we only need a very small amount of funds to operate these identification centers. If we operate at full capacity, we can at least collect DNA information for hundreds of thousands or even millions of families who have lost their children for free every year.

If the fundraising situation is very optimistic, we can even set up ten such identification centers in the country at the same time. If the follow-up operating funds are difficult, we can also take out equipment such as the sequencer and cooperate with local hospitals. We can use equipment rental, identification, or paid identification methods to raise operating funds. But then again, as long as our commercial operation is done well enough, funds will definitely not be a problem. "

Liu Xinying was so excited that she was a little incoherent. She said, "If this thing is launched, I will personally donate to build two identification centers!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's really great. In fact, the amount of funds needed to do this kind of thing is nothing compared to the number of families who have lost their children. In this society, even if a little money leaks out of the fingers every day, it is enough to establish a whole system. It is just that everyone has not focused their energy and worked together to build a huge set of systems to solve the problem. As long as we can find a direction for everyone to work together and mobilize everyone's enthusiasm to work together, this thing is already halfway successful."

So she asked Li Mu in a trembling voice, "Mr. Li, how difficult is it for us to realize the idea of a DNA database?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "It's not difficult at all."

As he said this, Li Mu explained, "As long as we can train the team through the Veterans Don't Die project and accumulate enough experience, then operating a DNA database will not be a problem at all. The biggest threshold for a DNA database is money. Nowadays, for ordinary people, the cost of a DNA identification is very high, let alone finding missing children through DNA in the vast sea of people. That is basically impossible. However, this is actually the same as the business that hospitals do.

"For a hospital to import a multi-slice spiral CT equipment from Germany, the United States, or Japan, the cost may exceed ten million yuan. This does not include equipment depreciation, maintenance, and staff wages. Assuming that the hospital wants to recoup its capital within five to eight years, and can perform ten thousand spiral CT scans a year, then the fee for each scan must be as high as hundreds of yuan or even more. However, if we generate commercial value through the Bring Baby Home project, then use this commercial value to exchange for social charity funds, we can use this money to build three to five DNA identification centers in the important transportation hub cities in the country, as long as the initial equipment funds are in place.

Without considering the cost of recovering the equipment, we only need a very small amount of funds to operate these identification centers. If we operate at full capacity, we can collect DNA information for at least hundreds of thousands or even millions of families who have lost their children for free every year.

If the fundraising situation is very optimistic, we can even set up ten such identification centers in the country at the same time. If the follow-up operating funds are difficult, we can also take out equipment such as the sequencer and cooperate with local hospitals. We can use equipment rental, identification, or paid identification methods to raise operating funds. But then again, as long as our commercial operation is done well enough, funds will definitely not be a problem. "

When Liu Xinying heard this, her eyes were already bursting with excitement.

Li Mu continued, "As long as the funding problem is solved, we can increase the investment in the construction of the DNA database. Not only do we need to collect and input the DNA information of all the parents of the abducted children, but we also need to collect the DNA of all the children in the orphanages in the country. As long as the DNA of the parents and the children are in the database, we can immediately find them from more than a billion people and reunite them." Li Mu continued, "As long as the funding problem is solved, we can increase the investment in the construction of the DNA database. Not only do we need to collect the DNA information of all the parents of the abducted children, but we also need to collect the DNA of all the children in the orphanages in the country. As long as the DNA of the parents and the children are in the database, we can immediately find them among the billions of people and reunite them."

Liu Xinying was so excited that she was a little incoherent. She said, "If this project is launched, I will personally donate to build two identification centers!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That couldn't be better. In fact, the amount of funds needed to do this is nothing compared to the number of families who have lost their children. In this society, even if a little bit of money leaked out of the fingers every day, it would be enough to build a whole system. It's just that everyone hasn't focused their energy and worked together to build a huge set of systems to solve the problem. As long as we can find a direction for everyone to work together and mobilize everyone's enthusiasm to work together, this project will be halfway to success."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said, "Of course, the DNA information database is only an important part of this project. My plan for this project is to match it with an online system that can mobilize the participation of the whole society."

"Online system?" Liu Xinying hurriedly asked, "Can you tell me more about it?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Actually, it's an online system for everyone to work together. For example, if I embed the 'Darling Come Home' project into YY, and a one-year-old child goes missing in Shanghai today and is suspected to have been abducted, then we can use YY to send a pop-up message to all users in Shanghai and the surrounding cities. We can push the child's information, the situation when he went missing, and photos to the netizens in these areas. The pop-up message reading rate of YY is very high, and the actual effect is much better than any television station's advertisement. Moreover, the amount of information we can send at one time is also very large. This way, we can let the netizens know about this important information and have a clear impression of it in their minds. Once they find the child's whereabouts or suspected clues, they can immediately contact the local police department and provide first-hand information to help the police catch the human traffickers and rescue the abducted child."

Liu Xinying said, "This is a great idea. Let the whole society pay attention to it. If we can work together, the chances of children being rescued will be much higher!"

Li Mu said, "I have acquired a research and development company in the field of security surveillance. Now, we are actively developing a solution for urban security surveillance. This solution is called the Skynet System. In other words, in the near future, we can have more than 95% of the public areas in the city covered by surveillance cameras. At that time, if there is a case of child abduction, the Skynet System will have a very high chance of capturing the criminal's image when he committed the crime. Then, the image will be submitted to the police department and released to the netizens on the internet. This will allow the human traffickers' faces to be remembered by everyone in a short period of time. This will further increase the success rate of catching the human traffickers and increase the deterrence of human traffickers.

"With this solution composed of hardware and software, I believe that the Baby Comes Home project will definitely help countless separated families reunite in the future. At the same time, it will bring great help to the fight against human traffickers and reduce the incidence of child abduction. This is a truly meaningful charity project!"

Li Mu knew very well that for a person like Liu Xinying, money was the least of her pursuits. If he were to hire a professional manager, after listening to all of his plans for charity, the manager might not take it to heart at all. It was very likely that the manager would only ask, "Oh, this idea is not bad, but how much money can I get?"

However, working with Liu Xinying was different. He and she had the same pursuit in the field of charity, and they both placed charity in a very high position. In this way, money was not worth worrying about for either of them.

It was the same for Liu Xinying. She accepted Li Mu's solicitation, not only because she did not expect to make money, but because she was influenced by Li Mu, she was ready to dedicate her efforts, energy, and financial resources to follow him and contribute to charity.

Liu Xinying was like an ambitious young man who emerged naturally on the road of revolutionary development. She came from a good family, had a high character, and had money, people, and a heart. However, she could not find the right direction. She was like a headless fly. At this time, if someone pointed her in the direction that she really wanted to go, she would follow him and move forward bravely.