Chapter 949

Faced with the only number that had been filtered out, the entire conference room was in an uproar!

Everyone looked at Li Mu as if they were looking at a god. They looked at this genius who had extracted the impossible from the impossible and gave him affirmation with admiration and amazement.

At the same time, after nearly 20 hours of repression, everyone finally had the chance to breathe a sigh of relief!

When all the clues had been cut off and many of the investigation routes had been blocked, Li Mu used his extraordinary logic to forcibly select the one and only target from the hundreds of millions of mobile phone users in the country!

This was the advantage of thinking logically. As long as the thinking was smooth, the key point was found, and the big data was obtained, even if the big data covered hundreds of millions of people, it could still be used with extremely strong thinking logic to locate the only suspect.

In this era, the criminal investigation police did not have the thinking of the Internet at all. Their investigation route was relatively traditional. After a kidnapping case happened, their thinking logic was to first find the first scene, find the location of the incident, and then follow the clues to find the location of the kidnapped person. This was too demanding on the chain of clues. Once the chain of clues was broken in the middle, it was extremely difficult to piece it together.

The relatively backward thinking logic and handling of cases led to most kidnapping cases being solved after the kidnappers died. There were very few cases where the kidnappers could actually find the kidnappers before they killed the hostages and successfully rescue the kidnapped person.

This time, the criminal investigation personnel of the municipal bureau also adopted the traditional thinking of solving the case, but they did not expect the other party to be so cautious that they did not leave any key clues. So, until now, they had not been able to find the first scene!

However, Li Mu's thinking directly skipped the first scene and the key chain of evidence.

Find the f * cking first scene?

Find the f * cking car of the kidnapped person?

Couldn't they just directly determine the location of the suspect?

According to the traditional thinking logic, even if they knew that Song Zhilei's wife and child had already gone overseas, they would not really start investigating from their wife and child. This was because it was much more difficult to obtain overseas user information than to obtain domestic user information.

Even the security department couldn't find out what phone number Song Zhilei's wife used in Australia in a short period of time, so it was extremely difficult to find Song Zhilei from her. Even if they could find out the truth after three to five days, or even more than ten days, they wouldn't be able to find the key clues within the 48 hours given by the kidnappers.

It was also a kidnapping case. For Li Mu, what he wanted was to rescue the person in one piece. Apart from that, there was no other possibility that he could accept. But for the police, it was different. Even if they couldn't find the person within 48 hours, they had plenty of time to track the whereabouts of the murderer. If the person who was kidnapped died in the process, the police could only apologize and promise to arrest the murderer.

Li Mu could not accept such a trick!

He had to keep Wei Lan alive!

Not only did he have to give her an explanation, but he also had to give an explanation to himself and his other business partners!

He wanted to let everyone know that for the people around him, even if they were just his business partners, he would do his best to ensure their safety. He would also put them in an extremely important position. If one day, it was another business partner's life that was in danger, he could at least be sure of one thing, and that was that he would do his best to ensure their safety!

It was precisely because of this mentality that Li Mu racked his brains to think of loopholes that he could exploit. It didn't matter if he couldn't find out what phone number Song Zhilei's wife used!

Instead, he pulled out the data of all the phone calls made to Australia from all over the country and used his own logic to accurately lock onto the other party step by step. This was not only a test of one's logical ability, but also a deep understanding of the entire situation!

Gu Jianghe and everyone else at the scene were so excited that they went crazy!

Before today, no one had used such a method to investigate a case. Everyone had been immersed in traditional investigative methods for too long, and their thinking patterns were too fixed. It was impossible for them to be so flexible.

It was like a math problem. Everyone had always used A to solve it, and after getting used to it, everyone's thinking patterns were already fixed. When they encountered such a problem, they would try to use A to solve it, until a genius completely abandoned the A solution and came up with a new way of thinking to solve it. Only then would everyone be shocked. There was actually such a way to solve a problem!

While everyone at the scene was admiring and worshipping Li Mu from the bottom of their hearts, Gu Jianghe was the first to adjust his emotions. He asked excitedly, "Is this phone number switched on?"

The Mobile technical staff was also so excited that even his voice was trembling. "This number is connected to the network!

And he's on the line right now! "

Gu Jianghe blurted out, "Hurry up and locate his location!"

Three minutes later, the Mobile technical staff said excitedly, "We've located him!

He's in Pinggu County's Chen Jia Wan! "

Gu Jianghe immediately said, "Immediately come up with a rescue plan. Mobilize the elite special forces team and request the assistance of the armed police. First, seal off the area within a two-kilometer radius of the location!

Don't even let a mosquito fly over! "

…

At this time, Song Zhilei was lying on the brick bed in the side room of the farmhouse in Chen Jiawan, calling his wife.

Sydney time was two hours ahead of China, and it was already past eleven o 'clock in the evening in Sydney. On the phone, his wife told him that the children were already asleep. At the same time, she also asked him when he could go to Australia to reunite with his family.

Song Zhilei did not dare to tell his wife that he wanted to kidnap Wei Lan for revenge. What he had told his wife was that he still had a debt that he had not collected, so he asked his wife and children to go to Australia first. After he collected the debt, he would go to Australia to look for them. As for why he wanted to change his phone number, Song Zhilei's explanation was that Li Mu and Wei Lan had not given up on finding trouble with him. In order to avoid trouble, he could only temporarily change his phone number to avoid their pestering.

Song Zhilei's wife did not have much experience in society. She only knew from her husband that Li Mu and Wei Lan had brought great losses to their family, so she did not doubt what her husband had said.

Song Zhilei told his wife over the phone, saying, "The creditor promised to give me the money in two days. I have to wait until I get the money before looking for you, but it won't be too long. At most, it will be three to five days. Don't worry."

Song Zhilei's wife made a sound of agreement and said, "The four of us will wait for you here. Come over early."

After hanging up the phone, Song Zhilei let out a long sigh.

He could not let his wife and children know about the kidnapping and murder, so he could not cut off contact with his wife and children. If he did, his wife would not be at ease. Moreover, he had been worried about his wife taking the three children to Australia. They were both in a state of missing each other, so the only way was to keep in touch with each other.

Song Zhilei had thought of this a long time ago, so before he sent his wife on the plane, he bought a new phone and changed his number. After making sure that this phone number had no substantial connection with him, he stopped using all his previous numbers and used this number to keep in touch with his wife.

In his opinion, a brand new phone and an anonymous SIM card had nothing to do with him. Even if the police had three heads and six arms, they would not be able to find this number. Even if they caught him in the end, they would not be able to get hold of this number, because he did not leave any personal information with this number. He did not even use this number to make any calls related to him. He did not even dare to call his house in Australia. Instead, he instructed his wife to buy an anonymous SIM card after getting off the plane to contact him. Everything was done with extreme caution.

Under such circumstances, he firmly believed that the police would not have any clues that could link this number to him.

But what he did not expect was that Li Mu would use a screening method to filter him out of the thousands of phone numbers that had connections to Australia!

After hanging up the phone call with his wife, Song Zhilei took out a Type 54 pistol made by Hualong from under his pillow. He habitually opened the magazine and checked it. Then, he quickly loaded and reloaded it to see if the condition of the gun was normal.

Song Zhilei had bought this gun in the 90s for two thousand dollars. This gun had been with him for nearly ten years. It had been fired a few times and had seen blood, but it had never taken a life. This time, he was prepared to use this gun to end Wei Lan's life after everything was done. It could be considered as giving the gun a proper name. In his opinion, this gun had been with him for so long, and it was a pity that it had not killed anyone. In addition, he could not bring it with him to Australia, so the best ending for it was after killing Wei Lan and burying it with her. It could also be considered as fulfilling his mission.

At this time, Xie Chenglong knocked on the door and came in. Seeing Song Zhilei sitting on the stove playing with the gun, he sat down on the chair next to the stove and asked, "Brother Lei, are you on the phone with your wife again?"

For the past few days, every time Song Zhilei called his wife, he would take out the gun to touch and clean it. Xie Chenglong was already used to it.

Song Zhilei nodded, sighed softly, and said, "Living abroad with three children alone, your wife is very anxious. She has been asking me when I can go there."

Xie Chenglong smiled and said, "There are still twenty-six hours before you get the money. Once you get the money, you can go to Australia to reunite with your wife and children."

Song Zhilei nodded and said, "I hope so."

Xie Chenglong said, "Don't worry, Brother Lei, the police won't be able to find us. After we get the money, everyone will have a good time with Weilan, then kill her and bury her. Then you can swagger to Australia on a plane. I guarantee that in the next three to five months, the police may not be able to find the body."

Song Zhilei nodded again, but there was some worry between his brows. He said, "Liuzi, although we did it flawlessly, I always have a feeling that we are not very safe. I always feel that we seem to have missed something important. Think about it carefully, did we miss anything?"

Xie Chenglong said with a smile, "Brother Lei, don't think too much. We definitely didn't miss anything. Not only did I handle the scene very carefully, but even we were very careful. Not to mention you and me, even the guys under me got new phones and new numbers. We also monitored each other 24 hours a day. There was absolutely no mistake."

As he said that, Xie Chenglong added, "Also, today when I called Li Mu, I specially drove from Pinggu County to Yun County. I drove dozens of kilometers because I was afraid that they might have some high-tech device that could locate us. Overall, it seems that we have almost done it flawlessly."

Hearing this, Song Zhilei suddenly said, "Aiya, do we still have to call him tonight?"

Xie Chenglong nodded and said with a smile, "Don't worry, it's still early. When it's 11: 30, I'll ask Xiao Meng to drive us to Shunyi and call them. I guarantee that nothing will go wrong."

“OK！”

…