Chapter 915

Just as the hundreds of people present were puzzled, Meg Whitman said on the screen, "That's right.

"I am very grateful to Mr. Lee Li Mu. Although we have not had the chance to meet, he has used his extraordinary wisdom to bring unprecedented new opportunities to eBay and PayPal."

The audience was in an uproar!

Li Mu has brought unprecedented new opportunities to eBay and PayPal?

What unprecedented new opportunities???

At this time, Meg Whitman said in the video, "We are very honored to be able to establish a strategic partnership with Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee is an outstanding Internet talent in Hua Xia and even the world. Makino Technology is also an Internet company that deserves everyone's respect. I hope that Makino Technology and eBay can work closely together in the future to create even greater glory!"

Meg Whitman's words shocked the audience!

Even the hundreds of people's jaws dropped to the ground!

EBay and Makino Technology are working together?

How is that possible?

How did they work together?

What kind of cooperation?

Everyone was whispering to each other. What Meg Whitman said was too shocking. If it weren't for the fact that she was the CEO of eBay, everyone would have thought that it was a prank.

In the video, Meg Whitman waved at the camera and said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, I look forward to working with you!

Once again, on behalf of myself and the entire eBay, I would like to thank all of our friends who are here today. Thank you, everyone! "

At this time, the video was paused. Everyone stared at Li Mu in a daze, waiting for him to answer their questions.

The lights came back on. Li Mu smiled calmly and said to everyone, "I believe that everyone must be full of questions now. Let me explain."

Everyone sat up straight and listened attentively to Li Mu's explanation. Li Mu said calmly, "Makino Technology has reached an agreement with eBay and PayPal. In the future, we will jointly invest in PayPal together with eBay."

"Invest together?" Everyone was confused. Didn't PayPal have nothing to do with eBay?

Li Mu continued, "In the future, eBay will invest 51% of PayPal's shares in cash, Makino Technology will invest 29% of PayPal's shares in cash, and the original PayPal team will retain 20% of the shares. In the future, PayPal will be jointly owned by the three companies."

The reporters below the stage were completely dumbfounded.

What was going on?

Weren't you the one who took PayPal away from eBay?

Because of this, eBay was affected by the negative news, and its stock price continued to fall. Why did eBay enter the market again?

Moreover, it was an absolute controlling stake?

This was not a good thing!

Everyone is waiting for you to take control of PayPal!

Just when everyone was surprised, Li Mu said, "I know that everyone wants Makino Technology to control PayPal, but as you all know, PayPal's valuation is as high as 1.5 billion US dollars. 51% of the shares requires 765 million US dollars in cash!

Do I look like someone with that much money? "

Everyone shook their heads.

Everyone knew that Makino Technology did not have much money on hand now. It had not entered Series C, so how could it take out 765 million US dollars in cash!

Li Mu said again, "I don't have enough cash. If I want to control PayPal, I have to sacrifice Makino Technology's shares. In front of Mr. Elon Musk, let me ask you, do you think it's worth it for me to exchange Makino Technology's shares for PayPal's shares?"

Everyone below the stage said in unison, "It's not worth it!"

It was indeed not worth it. Makino Technology's development prospects were much greater than PayPal's. If Li Mu exchanged Makino Technology's shares for PayPal's shares, he would definitely suffer a huge loss.

Li Mu also laughed and said, "I'm not afraid that Musk will be angry. I also think it's not worth it, and I will definitely suffer a huge loss."

Elon Musk could not help but smile, and the audience below the stage roared with laughter.

Everyone knew that Makino Technology's development momentum was unparalleled in the Internet industry, even in the world. If Li Mu exchanged Makino Technology's shares for PayPal's shares, Li Mu would definitely suffer a loss. Moreover, the faster Makino Technology developed in the future, the greater the loss Li Mu would suffer.

Just when everyone slightly recovered from the disappointment of Li Mu not controlling PayPal's shares, Li Mu smiled and said, "To be honest, even if you buy 29% of PayPal's shares, you will need a huge sum of 435 million US dollars."

As he spoke, Li Mu spread his hands and curled his lips. "To be honest, I don't have 435 million US dollars either …"

Everyone below the stage was stunned. You don't have that?

Bro, if you don't have money, what are you going to use to buy it?

Just when everyone was puzzled, Li Mu smiled indifferently and dropped another bombshell. "Here, I would like to thank the generous eBay and Ms. Meg Whitman. Because just half an hour ago, I signed a contract with the eBay representative, Mr. Zheng Xigui, in my office. The 435 million US dollars that Makino Technology used to buy PayPal's shares will be lent by eBay to Makino Technology in the form of an interest-free loan."

His words were truly shocking!

EBay lent Makino Technology 435 million US dollars unconditionally for Makino Technology to buy PayPal's shares!

That meant that Li Mu did not have to pay a single cent himself, and he owned 29% of PayPal's shares first?

The reporters, who recovered from their shock, were all shocked!

"Oh my god!"

"eBay lent Li Mu money to buy PayPal's shares?"

"Makino Technology owned 29% of PayPal's shares, and he did not spend a single cent himself?"

"Li Mu is a classic example of getting something for nothing!"

"That's right, Li Mu's hand is too smooth!"

"He ruined eBay's plan to buy PayPal without spending a single cent, and then forced eBay's share price to fall continuously. Now, he got eBay to lend him money without spending a single cent to buy PayPal's 29% shares. eBay's CEO even thanked him for bringing new opportunities to eBay and PayPal. This is not smooth at all. He is simply a god!"

Originally, eBay's plan to buy PayPal was almost completed, and the contract was almost signed. In the end, Li Mu suddenly intervened, and not only did eBay miss the opportunity to buy all of PayPal's shares, but they even had to lend Li Mu 435 million US dollars to let Li Mu buy PayPal's shares. This was almost unheard of.

However, this seemingly impossible thing, Li Mu did it. This move was extremely beautiful. In the future, the process of Li Mu buying PayPal's 29% shares would probably become a classic case in business school textbooks.

When all the reporters were in an uproar, Li Mu announced to everyone, "Next, I would like to announce the third matter of this press conference."

The previously noisy scene immediately returned to silence, and everyone stared at Li Mu without blinking.

Li Mu smiled and said, "In addition to co-owning PayPal, Makino Technology and eBay will also become strategic partners. Our cooperation will be in Hua Xia and outside of Hua Xia. We will adopt a dual-track system..."

As he spoke, Li Mu gave a brief introduction of the future bundling promotion of eBay and YY. It was another bombshell.

Both eBay and YY were global players. Not only did they not have any conflicts with each other, but they were connected by PayPal. They were very suitable as strategic partners to conquer the global market together.

After that, Li Mu invited eBay's representative, Zheng Xigui, to the stage. The three of them stood on the stage together, and Li Mu invited Elon Musk and Zheng Xigui to give short speeches respectively. Elon Musk was in a very good mood. In front of the media, he almost praised Li Mu to the sky. He said, "Mr. Li is the most outstanding person I know in the Internet industry under the age of 30.

"PayPal and I are looking forward to the in-depth cooperation with Mr. Li and Makino Technology in the future. I believe we can create even greater glory!"

Seeing how Li Mu and eBay made such a big scene, and even the CEO recorded a video of Makino Technology's press conference, it could be seen that both Makino Technology and eBay wanted to spread this news to the world. PayPal was sandwiched between the two, so it was natural that it would benefit the most. Perhaps when the news of today's press conference spread to the United States, PayPal would be valued at more than two billion dollars by tomorrow.

Elon Musk knew how the Internet bubble was born. With two giants boasting together, even if it was a bubble, it was worth more than gold. PayPal was bound to make a meteoric rise this time. The most fortunate thing for him was that he still retained half of his shares. If he held it for a long time, it would definitely give him an amazing return.

Zheng Xigui's speech also represented eBay's high praise for Makino Technology and Li Mu, which fully reflected the extreme importance eBay attached to this cooperation.

After the two finished their speeches, the three of them signed a formal shareholding agreement in front of the media. At this point, Li Mu successfully boarded PayPal's plane before it took off. The 29% of PayPal's shares would bring a huge boost to the market value of Makino Technology in the future!

Hundreds of media reporters were completely hyped up by Li Mu today. The series of major announcements made by Li Mu were indeed world-class news, especially when eBay's share price continued to fall and YY was trending all over the world. Once the news of today's press conference was released, the whole world would be shocked.

What shocked them was not only Li Mu's cooperation with eBay and PayPal, but also Li Mu's personal announcement of YY's major decision to launch a global campaign. At the same time, once the news spread, eBay's share price would definitely skyrocket when Nasdaq opened for trading in a few hours!

Li Mu, who had finished all the major announcements, stood on the stage of the press conference and bowed slightly to the media below the stage. He picked up the microphone and thanked them. "Thank you again for coming, everyone. Thank you!"

When the hundreds of reporters below the stage saw that Li Mu seemed to be taking a curtain call, they quickly raised their hands and shouted, "Li Zong, can I ask you a question?"

Li Mu saw that the reporters were too enthusiastic, so he made a last-minute decision and said, "I didn't plan to answer questions from the reporters, but since everyone is so enthusiastic, I'll answer three questions."

The reporters below the stage raised their hands. Li Mu glanced at the reporters from Central TV and said without hesitation, "The first question is for the Central TV reporter."

A bespectacled, gentle-looking male reporter stood up and picked up the microphone. He said in an excited tone, "Li Zong, you just officially announced that Makino Technology is launching a global strategy. I would like to ask you, in your opinion, what is the ultimate goal of Makino Technology's global strategy?"

Li Mu thought about it for a moment, then said in a calm tone but with a firm expression, "The goal of Makino Technology's global strategy is, on one hand, to prove our strength to the world. On the other hand, it is to become the bridgehead for Hua Xia's Internet companies to enter the world. In the future, Makino Technology is willing to become a world-class open platform to help and promote more Hua Xia's Internet products to enter the world!"

The Central TV reporter asked again, "Can you explain in detail what you mean by a world-class open platform?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "For example, if a chef opens a Hua Xia -style restaurant overseas, then what he can do for Hua Xia is at most to hire a few Chinese helpers. That's all. He doesn't have the ability to really do anything for Hua Xia's enterprise."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused for a moment, then changed his tone and said, "However, if we can open countless Chinese chain restaurants on the scale of McDonald's all over the world, we can do so much for Hua Xia and Hua Xia's enterprise!"

As Li Mu spoke, he raised his finger, raised his voice, and gestured passionately, "Think about it. At that time, not only will we be able to hire more Chinese employees, but we'll also be able to hire more Chinese employees!

We can also provide more local Hua Xia students with more favorable work-study positions!

We can also sell and promote the beverages produced by Hua Xia's enterprise in our chain restaurants all over the world!

We can sell and promote the handicrafts and souvenirs produced by Hua Xia's enterprise!

We can sell and promote the tissues, tableware, tables, chairs, daily necessities, oil, salt, vinegar, tea, and even chili sauces produced by Hua Xia's enterprise!

"To the companies that produce these products, their products might really be great!

But they might not be able to sell their products out of the country for the rest of their lives!

But with our platform as their bridgehead in the world, their products can be quickly distributed to any country in the world through us.

This is the meaning of our existence!

This is the epitome of a world-class open platform! "

Everyone, including the Central TV reporter, nodded their heads in realization. If YY became a world-class open platform, it would face a large number of users from all over the world. It would be like what Li Mu had said, where they could promote more Hua Xia's internet products on their own platform. At that time, as long as Hua Xia's internet products were promoted through YY, they could directly go global through YY.

The excited Central TV reporter asked in a stuttering voice, "Li Zong, if YY becomes a world-class product in the future, will you promote 3321's model to the world?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "3321 is a sharing economy for educational resources. As long as there is a demand for education, it will be fertile ground for 3321's development. In the future, I will definitely work hard to promote 3321 to the world and abide by my initial promise of not using 3321 to make profits. I will do my best to contribute to the world's education industry!"

The Central TV reporter bowed to Li Mu with tears in his eyes. "Thank you, Li Zong!

Thank you! "

Li Mu smiled at him. After he sat down, the other reporters raised their hands one after another. At this time, Li Mu picked up the microphone and said coldly, "I have answered all three questions. Thank you again for coming today. Today's press conference will end here!

Goodbye! "

"F * ck, this is considered three questions?"

The reporters below the stage were all dumbfounded. Before they could recover from their shock, Li Mu had already returned the microphone to the host. After bowing, he turned around and quickly walked off the stage. He went straight to his office, leaving a group of stunned reporters in a state of confusion …

…