Chapter 1377

Zhao Ziqiu had thought that only Li Mu's family was there, or that Li Mu might not have come back. But she didn't expect that Li Mu's family was entertaining guests. Since she was already here, it was unrealistic not to go in. Moreover, Li Ziwei wanted her to go in. At this time, it was impossible for her to escape. So she could only bite the bullet and follow Li Ziwei into the house.

Zhao Ziqiu was not nervous to see Li Mu's parents, nor was she nervous to see Li Mu. The key was that she was afraid that her appearance at this time would disturb Li Mu's family entertaining guests. So when Zhao Ziqiu walked to the dining room with the fish, she made up her mind to put the fish down, say a few words, and then leave as soon as possible, so as not to disturb them as much as possible.

Li Mu's parents were still curious about who would come to their house at this time. After all, they had just moved here and didn't know many people. Except for Zhao Ziqiu and her mother, Papa Lee and Li Ma only knew a few neighbors.

Zhao Ziqiu followed Li Ziwei all the way to the dining room. As soon as she entered the dining room, she was shocked by the situation in front of her.

She was naturally familiar with Papa Lee, Li Ma, and Li Mu. What shocked her was that Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were opposite her.

Moreover, what Li Mu didn't know was that Zhao Ziqiu had always admired Zhang Guorong. Not only did she like his songs, but she also liked his movies.

In other words, in this era, there were few 20-year-old girls in Hua Xia who didn't like Zhang Guorong. The generation born in the 1980s was the last generation to witness Hong Kong's entertainment culture sweeping the whole Hua Xia. In a few years, Hong Kong's entertainment industry would decline, and Japanese and Korean entertainment would rise. Young people would be influenced by Korean Wave and Japanese Wave.

Among the people born in the 1990s and 2000s, fewer and fewer people might like Zhang Guorong. But for the people born in the 1980s, Zhang Guorong was the peak of Chinese male stars in this era.

Seeing her idol eating at Li Mu's dining table, Zhao Ziqiu could hardly believe her eyes. She was stunned for a few seconds. It was Li Mu who teased her, "Ziqiu, why are you in a daze as soon as you come in?"

Only then did Zhao Ziqiu come to her senses. She said embarrassedly, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I forgot myself just now …"

After that, she looked at Li Ma, picked up the plate in her hand, and said in a panic, "Auntie Li, my mom cooked West Lake fish in vinegar tonight. She asked me to bring one over for you and Uncle Li to try …"

Li Ma hurriedly got up and came to Zhao Ziqiu. She took the plate and said, "Thank you so much, your mom."

After that, Li Ma put the fish on the table and asked her, "Ziqiu, have you eaten?

Sit down and eat with us! "

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "No, no, Auntie Li. My mom is still waiting for me at home for dinner. You guys eat, I won't disturb you."

After saying that, Zhao Ziqiu turned around and was about to leave.

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Ziqiu, don't be in such a hurry to leave. Let me introduce you."

After that, Li Mu got up and came to Zhao Ziqiu's side. He reached out to Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang and said, "Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, you must know these two big stars, so I won't introduce them to you too much."

Then, Li Mu said to Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, "Zhao Ziqiu, my … good friend. She also lives in Ziyun Villa …"

Introducing Zhao Ziqiu in front of his parents, Li Mu more or less felt a little guilty.

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang both got up. Zhang Guorong was the closest to Zhao Ziqiu, so she took the initiative to reach out to Zhao Ziqiu and smiled. "Hello, Ziqiu, I'm Zhang Guorong."

Zhao Ziqiu bit her lower lip and looked at Zhang Guorong with surprise and joy. Then she looked at Li Mu and was so excited that she forgot to shake hands with Zhang Guorong.

Li Mu couldn't help but remind her, "Don't smile like a fool. Your brother wants to shake hands with you."

"Ah …" Zhao Ziqiu finally reacted and blushed. She hurriedly shook hands with Zhang Guorong and said nervously, "I'm sorry, brother. My brain short-circuited just now. I'm a fan of yours and so is my mother …"

Zhang Guorong said very gently, "Thank you and your mother for your support. Please thank her for me."

Then, Zhang Guorong pointed at the West Lake Fish in Vinegar on the table and said with a smile, "There's also the fish. Thank her too. This dish looks delicious."

At this time, Mei Yanfang also took the initiative to extend her hand and said with a smile, "Hello, Ziqiu. Nice to meet you."

Zhao Ziqiu quickly reached out to shake hands with Mei Yanfang and said, "Hello, Aunt Mei. My mother and I are also your fans. Every time she goes to KTV, she always sings your 'Woman Flower'."

Mei Yanfang said with a smile, "Thank you. Please thank your mother for me too!"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and realized that she might have disturbed them for too long. She said, "Uncle, Auntie, Brother, Aunt Mei, Ziwei, and Li Mu, you can continue with your meal. I won't disturb you anymore. Mom is still waiting for me to come back for dinner."

Li Ma didn't ask her to stay. She said, "Then when your mother is free, let's have a meal together."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "Then I'll go back first."

Li Ma said, "Auntie will see you off."

With that, Li Ma wanted to leave with Zhao Ziqiu. Zhao Ziqiu was about to decline when Li Mu stood up and said, "Mom, sit down and eat. I'll see Ziqiu off."

Li Ma thought for a moment and nodded. She smiled and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Ziqiu, then let Li Mu see you off. You youngsters have a common language."

Li Ma said, "Remember to thank your mother for me. Auntie will send the plate back to her later."

Zhao Ziqiu quickly said, "Don't trouble yourself, Auntie Li. I'll come back tomorrow to get it."

"That's too much …"

Li Mu said, "How about this, Ziqiu, go home and tell Auntie Xie that you're inviting her over for tea. You can come over after dinner. Didn't you say that Auntie Xie likes Brother and Lady Mei? You can introduce her to them."

Zhao Ziqiu was looking forward to it, but she asked nervously, "Is this appropriate?"

Li Mu looked at Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. After all, they were guests.

Zhang Guorong said without hesitation, "What's wrong with that? We also hope to make more friends in the mainland."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then it's settled. Go home and tell Auntie Xie. I think she won't refuse."

Zhao Ziqiu was relieved. She nodded and said, "Then I'll go back and tell her."

Li Mu smiled and patted her shoulder. "Let's go. I'll see you off."

Li Mu accompanied Zhao Ziqiu out of the restaurant. When they were out of the house, Zhao Ziqiu turned around and said to him, "Hurry up and accompany the guests. I'll come back after dinner."

"There's no hurry." Li Mu smiled and said, "Let's go. I'll send you home."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "That's not appropriate. The guests are still at home …"

Li Mu put his arm around her waist and said, "It's okay. Mom and Dad are here. I'll send you home and invite Auntie Xie over."

Being embraced by Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu didn't refuse in an instant.

Xie Yun had just prepared dinner at home and was waiting for Zhao Ziqiu to come back. She didn't expect that Zhao Ziqiu would come back with Li Mu.

As soon as she saw Li Mu, Xie Yun smiled and asked him, "Li Mu, you're here. Are you having dinner at home today?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Hello, Auntie Xie. I'm treating two guests to dinner at home today."

Xie Yun smiled and said, "They must be distinguished guests for you to invite them to dinner at home. Have you tried the fish that Auntie made?"

Li Mu said, "Not yet. I'll try it later when I get home."

Xie Yun said, "Auntie made two. Why don't you try it here first?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "No, Auntie. It doesn't matter if I try it at home. I just sent Ziqiu over and asked if you have time after dinner. If you do, I would like to invite you and Ziqiu to my house for tea."

Xie Yun said, "You have guests at home. It's not appropriate for us to go, right?"

Li Mu said, "It's not inappropriate. Ziqiu said that you know both of them. You can sit down and chat with them."

"I know both of them?" Xie Yun asked curiously, "Who are they?"

Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "Mom, Li Mu invited Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang to our house."

"Ah?" Xie Yun said in surprise, "Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang?

Are you serious? "

"Yes." Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "I was shocked when I saw them just now."

When Xie Yun thought of the party that just ended, she felt relieved. She said with a smile, "That's good. I've always liked them, but I haven't had the chance to meet them. Your Uncle Zhao is not interested in the Hong Kong entertainment circle. He has been invited to some gatherings and activities several times, but he has rejected them all."

Zhao Ziqiu added, "My dad only likes singers like Jiang Dawei, and he's not interested in any other entertainment stars. Someone in Beijing invited him to a party in the past, and it was said that Wang Fei would also be attending. I was in high school at that time, and I was crazy about Wang Fei. I begged him to take me there, but he wouldn't agree. As a result, the number of stars I've actually met is pitifully few."

Li Mu thought about it and agreed. With Zhao Xianliang's wealth, as long as he wanted, there was no star in the whole of Hua Xia that he could not meet, unless he was not interested.

…

After talking with Xie Yun, Li Mu returned home to continue the unfinished party.

Xie Yun's cooking was really good. Li Mu had eaten the classic West Lake Fish in Vinegar many times, but in his impression, he had never seen a dish that could be compared to Xie Yun's cooking.

After dinner, Li Mu sent a message to Zhao Ziqiu. A few minutes later, the mother and daughter arrived home. Li Mu introduced Xie Yun to Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. At the same time, he also introduced Zhao Xianliang, who was not in Yanjing. Interestingly, both Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang knew Zhao Xianliang. They knew that he was a very famous entrepreneur in the mainland.

When the family party was over, Li Mu personally drove Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang to the hotel. Then, he sent a message to Chen Wan, asking her about the progress of the party. When he knew that it was about to end, Li Mu offered to pick her up. After all, he was worried that she would take a taxi to come here alone.

After driving to the hotel where the party was held, Li Mu picked up Chen Wan, who was a little tipsy.