Chapter 1726

Director Wang said that planning was very important, and Li Mu agreed with this very much.

He said to director Wang, "whether a movie is good or not, the core is whether the story is good or not; whether a book is good or not, the core is also the story itself, so whether a program is good or not, the most important thing is to look at the program's planning and script, otherwise, just let 14 people run around like madmen every episode, and the audience will be tired after watching two episodes. Therefore, before the program starts to prepare for production in the future, I hope that our Xiangnan Satellite TV can first cooperate with our colleagues at Makino Image to make the specific plan for the whole season first."

Director Wang nodded again and again: "When the time comes, we will first select the location of each episode, and then send someone to investigate it to see if there are any local attractions. After all the statistics are out, we will find a way to integrate it into our planning."

Li Mu gave a thumbs up: "This is very good. It will fully integrate local characteristics, which will bring a good feeling to the local people, and will also make people in other areas look forward to our program team going there."

The running man did this in his last life. Every time he went to a place, he would integrate local characteristics, so that no one did not expect them to go to their hometown to record an episode of the program. This was a strong audience affinity.

Although the audience and the program are separated by a screen, if the program wants to do well, it must take the initiative to cater to the audience.

Ning Hao has no idea of starting a new movie recently, so Li Mu said to him, "President Ning, why don't you take some time to come and be the producer of this program?"

Ning Hao said with a smile, "I have no problem. I'm at your disposal at any time."

Li Mu said to director Wang, "Director Wang, when the time comes, let's each have a producer. If there is anything, we can discuss it as much as possible."

Director Wang nodded again and again: "That's no problem. Let's work together and do this program well."

Li Mu said, "In addition, the main shooting and production team will be in charge of our Xiangnan Satellite TV. At that time, all the human and material expenses will be included in the cost. Makino Image will bear 30% of the cost, and Xiangnan Satellite TV will bear 70%. Our profits will also be distributed in this proportion."

Director Wang was a little surprised. He looked at Li Mu and then at Chen Wan. He wanted to say something but was too embarrassed to say it.

In fact, in view of the cooperation of "Life Longing for", Xiangnan Satellite TV has been ready for 50: 50, but unexpectedly, Li Mu took the initiative to take a step back, only 30%.

Li Mu also saw his doubts, smiled slightly and said, "Director Wang, you don't have to be surprised. If the program is the idea of Makino Image and the copyright also belongs to Makino Image, then I will naturally share it with you. But since the copyright is not mine, and it mainly depends on you, then I will take a little less and leave a certain share for Xiangnan Satellite TV."

Chief Wang nodded and said with a smile, "You have the final say on this matter, Li Zong."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Oh right, I suggest you quickly contact the station and get the commercial department to contact the copyright owner in America. Get the contract signed as soon as possible and confirm the copyright."

"Okay." Director Wang immediately said, "I will communicate with the station later and sign the copyright first."

Li Mu said again, "In addition, when are you going to start recording?"

Director Wang thought for a moment and said, "We still want to wait for the weather to get a little warmer before we start recording. If it's cold, the shooting will be more difficult and harder, and many outdoor projects can't be done, especially those related to water."

Li Mu nodded and said, "After the copyright is settled, the station had better decide on the host."

Director Wang looked at Chen Wan and said, "The station wants Chen Wan to be the host of this program. After all, the first season will be filmed in China, and it will not affect the recording of Happy Camp."

With that, Director Wang asked Chen Wan, "Chen Wan, are you interested in this program?"

Chen Wan said with a smile, "Okay, I will obey the station's arrangement, and this program is really interesting."

"That's fine." Director Wang said with a smile, "In this way, we will wait to decide on the guest candidates."

Li Mu said, "Let's decide on the shooting time first, and then I will contact some friends in the entertainment industry to see if the more famous stars have the schedule."

In the entertainment industry, there was no doubt about Li Mu's influence. In addition, he had a lot of resources to create stars, so with his endorsement for this program, there was no need to worry about finding guests, and it was not a problem even if they were all A-listers.

Director Wang was naturally very excited about this. Before she came, she did not think that Li Mu would attach so much importance to this cooperation. It could be said that he was giving her enough face.

This also made Director Wang re-examine the resources behind Chen Wan.

Generally speaking, the entertainment industry was most interested in resources and funds. If an actor could bring funds into the production team, then that person would naturally be able to get more resources from the production team, and even directly play the leading role. If a host could bring resources into the television station, then the television station would naturally give her more resources and exposure in return.

Director Wang even felt that when she went back, she should communicate with the station again to use the backstage resources to tilt more towards Chen Wan.

… ….

After dinner, Li Mu arranged for Li Ziwei to send Chen Wan and her party back to the hotel first. He has also confirmed the follow-up work with Director Wang.

After Director Wang returned to the hotel, he immediately communicated with the station and asked Xiangnan Satellite TV to negotiate the copyright as soon as possible. Then, Makino Image also signed the cooperation contract with Xiangnan Satellite TV. In this way, Director Wang and the others could go back to prepare for the program.

Back at the company, Li Mu called Chen Wan and asked her, "Sister Wan, what are you busy with?"

Chen Wan said, "Nothing. I'm watching TV in the hotel."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "In your own room?"

"Of course!"

Chen Wan said, "I'm the only woman among the six people. Who else can I be with if I'm not in my own room."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll pick you up at the hotel in the afternoon and go to Ziyun Villa in the evening. Is it convenient?"

Chen Wan made a sound of agreement on the other end of the phone. Her voice was a little shy as she said, "I'll tell them later that I'm going to live at home. They know that I have a house in Yanjing and that my father is doing projects in Yanjing."

After that, Chen Wan asked again, "Is it convenient for you to come over?

If it's not convenient, I can go by myself. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's convenient. It's very close. What do you want to eat tonight?

I'll ask Ziwei to buy something and send it over. I'll cook for you tonight. "

"Really?" Chen Wan said excitedly, "As long as it's made by you, I'll eat anything."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll ask Ziwei to buy it. I'll get off work early and pick you up at 5: 30."

"Okay!"

。

m.