Chapter 402

When Chen Wan agreed to Li Mu's invitation to Xiangnan Satellite TV, Ma Weiwei was lying in her own bed, lying in the arms of the man who changed her fate, but was 15 years older than her.

The man already had a family, and his child was even in high school, so from the first day Ma Weiwei had sex with him until now, the two had only chosen to date at Ma Weiwei's residence.

At first, it was in the small room that Ma Weiwei had rented, on the second-hand bed that would creak with the slightest movement.

Later, it was in the high-end apartment Ma Weiwei rented, on the 1.8-meter-wide Simmons bed.

Later on, Ma Weiwei bought a three-bedroom apartment. She slept on a high-class spring mattress that would cause a person to sink into the mattress. No matter how much she tossed and turned, it wouldn't make any strange noises.

After Ma Weiwei served the man wholeheartedly, she leaned into the man's arms and said, "Honey, why do I think the station wants to use her again these past two days?"

The man took a drag of his cigarette and said, "The director is personally asking why Chen Wan hasn't done anything since she became popular for so many days. However, he hasn't said that he must put her in an important position. It's just that everyone's opinions are wrangling with each other, and there hasn't been a clear statement for a while."

Ma Weiwei said with some worry, "Chen Wan has a scary number of fans now. I've been a host for so many years, but I haven't received hundreds of letters from the audience, and I don't even have 5,000 fans on Tieba. Chen Wan has only been working for a few days, and her fans on Tieba are already more than 100,000. At this rate, if we really give her a chance, won't she suddenly jump above me?

I don't care, you have to suppress that Chen Wan for me no matter what. "

The man gently patted her on the shoulder and comforted her, "Don't worry, it hasn't been decided yet.

The best result is that the station doesn't do anything and continues to keep Chen Wan on your show. You can continue to suppress her from appearing on screen, or control the length and content of her appearances. Everything will be the same as before, and slowly her fans will lose their enthusiasm. If the station must use her, then I will find a way to arrange for her to be on a program with low ratings, so that she doesn't stand out as much as possible. "

When Ma Weiwei heard this, she said with an ugly expression, "Can't you think of a way to get her out of Yanjing TV?"

The man said, "That's easy to say. With so many people watching her now, it's already a bit unreasonable not to put her in an important position. If we get her out, wouldn't that be telling the whole world that there's something fishy about it?

The best thing now is to still suppress her in our station. Otherwise, if she gets poached by other stations and becomes popular, you and I will be even more pressured. "

With that, the man asked again, "Think about it, if Shanghai Satellite TV and Xiangnan Satellite TV, which have a much higher ratings than us, poach her away and give her a program, and she takes this opportunity to reveal that she has been excluded and suppressed in Yanjing TV, wouldn't you be scolded to death by her fans?"

Ma Weiwei said with a gloomy expression, "Right now, there are many people scolding me on my Tieba forum. I don't know who started it, but they said that I've been suppressing Chen Wan and not letting her appear on camera. Many people came to my Tieba forum to post their posts.

The man sighed. "Looks like we still have to sign a formal long-term contract with Chen Wan first. Regardless of whether she can appear on screen or not, we have to sign her according to the normal treatment of an anchor, so that she can't jump ship for a few years. Then, we have to find a way to suppress her and not let her stand out. Once her popularity is over, everything will be fine."

Ma Weiwei heard this and immediately nodded. "You're really thoughtful. Just treat it as if you want to put her in an important position. First, use the contract to tie her down and stipulate that she can't accept interviews or participate in movies or TV shows outside of our station. Tie her down for three to five years."

"Okay."

The man said dotingly, "Don't worry, I'll get someone to find her to sign an official anchor contract tomorrow morning."

With that, he looked at the time and said, "Alright, I have to go. She should be done with her tutoring."

Ma Weiwei said somewhat dejectedly, "You're leaving again? You haven't spent the night with me in a few months."

The man said helplessly, "There's no other way. After the child entered high school, she hasn't been going on business trips recently. We can only wait until I'm on a business trip to find another opportunity."

Ma Weiwei pouted and nodded, feeling wronged. "Alright then, I can do it anytime. I just want you to hug me to sleep and sleep until the sun rises. I don't want you to smoke a cigarette after we're done, then put on your clothes and rush home."

"Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

As the man said this, he sat up and began to put on his clothes.

Ma Weiwei also hurriedly stood up and helped him put on his clothes. At the same time, she didn't forget to remind him, "Don't forget about Chen Wan's matter. We'll do it tomorrow morning."

"Okay, I got it."

…

At 8: 30 the next morning, not long after Chen Wan arrived at the company to clock in, the assistant manager of the HR department, Zhao Hezheng, personally came to Chen Wan's big office with an empty contract. The moment he saw her, he smiled and said, "Aiya, Little Wan, I really have to congratulate you."

Chen Wan recognized him as the third-in-command of the HR department in the station. She asked in surprise, "Director Zhao, you were looking for me?"

Zhao Hezheng nodded, and his small eyes narrowed into two lines as he smiled. He said, "Last night, Deputy Director Zhan personally called me and asked me to look for you to sign the contract as soon as I get to work today."

Chen Wan asked in confusion, "What contract?"

"The host's official employment contract."

Zhao Hezheng took out a few thick contracts from a folder and said with a smile, "Congratulations, you're the fastest intern host to become an official host in our station!"

Everyone in the office was dumbfounded when they heard this. They all looked at Chen Wan with envy and jealousy. Although most of them were behind-the-scenes staff, they also knew the hierarchy in the station. In the television station, other than the high-level leaders, the behind-the-scenes staff were generally inferior to the behind-the-scenes staff. Although an intern host was the lowest level of the behind-the-scenes staff, their status in the station was much higher than the behind-the-scenes staff. If they were promoted to an official host, their status would be higher than most of the behind-the-scenes staff. Not only would they have their own dressing room, makeup room, and even their own stylist and makeup artist. Moreover, once they became an official host, their chances of appearing on screen would also greatly increase. Chen Wan was already so popular in Yanjing Satellite TV even before she appeared on screen. What would happen if she really didn't appear on screen?

What's more, under normal circumstances, the internship period of an intern host was one to two years. Some would even extend it to three years. Chen Wan had only been here for half a year. Just as Zhao Hezheng said, she was indeed the fastest intern host to become an official host.

Just when everyone was envious of Chen Wan, Chen Wan said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Director Zhao. I can't sign this contract."

Zhao Hezheng was stunned. Everyone was stunned.

"Why can't you sign it?

This is an opportunity that many people dream of! "

Zhao Hezheng felt that his brain wasn't enough. Every time he went to find an intern host to sign an official contract, they would be so excited that they wanted to jump up and pierce through the ceiling. Only Chen Wan's face didn't show the slightest bit of joy.

Just when everyone was astonished, Chen Wan said, "I've decided to resign. I've already written my resignation letter."

After saying that, Chen Wan took out a handwritten resignation letter from her bag and handed it to Zhao Hezheng. She said, "Director Zhao, this is my resignation letter. I'm officially submitting my resignation to you. I hope you can approve it as soon as possible."

The internal management of Yan Jing Satellite TV was a little chaotic. All the news hosts were managed by the broadcasting department, but the hosts of variety shows and other programs were managed by the deputy director. This was because not only did the deputy director have to manage these hosts well, but he also had the power to decide the fate of other programs apart from news programs. However, in real daily work, the deputy director wouldn't directly ask about an intern host like Chen Wan. Chen Wan's actual leader at work was the program team's director, but the actual leader of the program team's director was Ma Weiwei. Therefore, Chen Wan could only hand her resignation letter to Zhao Hezheng. After all, he was the one in charge of human resources. Terminating the labor contract and employment relationship ultimately had to go through him.

When Zhao Hezheng heard that Chen Wan wanted to resign, he hurriedly asked with concern, "Little Wan, why are you resigning out of the blue?

Right now, the station is placing a lot of importance on you. They're planning to nurture you after you sign the official contract. Who knows, they might even specially create a program for you. If you resign now, you'll simply be holding up your future. "

Chen Wan said apologetically, "I've thought about it carefully. Maybe I'm still not suitable for our station's environment, so I want to resign earlier."

Zhao Hezheng probed, "Xiaowan, do you have a new choice?

Is there another station that's trying to poach you? "

Chen Wan pursed her lips and didn't tell the truth. Instead, she said, "My family doesn't want me to stay in Yanjing. They want me to go back to Nansu, which is close to home. So after I resign, I want to go to Nansu Satellite TV to see if there's a chance."

It was also Li Mu's intention not to let the people of Yanjing Satellite TV know that she was going to Xiangnan Satellite TV and host "Happy Camp". Li Mu knew that some people in Yanjing Satellite TV had been pressing down on Chen Wan and putting on small shoes for her. If they knew that Chen Wan had a chance to spread her wings, maybe someone would be jealous and secretly do something bad. It was better to avoid trouble. The best result was to resign from Yanjing Satellite TV and then quietly sign the contract with Xiangnan Satellite TV.

Zhao Hezheng was skeptical of Chen Wan's statement. After thinking for a moment, he said, "Little Wan, I'm not in a hurry to confirm the formal contract with you first. As for you, don't be in a hurry to mention your resignation. Give me some time. I'll go and talk to the director Zhan. I can't make the decision alone for such a big thing."

Chen Wan said, "Director Zhao, you're the head of personnel. I'm just an intern. Can't you make the decision?"