Chapter 920

Li Mu had no time to take care of Taobao's attack on Le Tao.

As the strategist, he had already planned everything. The real sniping battle would naturally be completed by someone else.

What he needed to take care of now was the 20,000 teachers and students of the National People's Congress who were waiting for him to appear.

After the school leader finished reading the script nervously, the host said excitedly on the stage, "Today, we have the honor to invite the most famous alumnus of our National People's Congress. He is even a second-year student of our Renmin University, but with his achievements in the Internet industry, he has created one miracle after another that has shocked the people of the country, and even the whole world."

More than 20,000 people knew that Li Mu was about to appear on the stage, and suddenly, there was a thunderous applause.

More than 20,000 people cheered and applauded, and the sound wave was simply overwhelming.

Everyone was shouting excitedly. To them, Li Mu was more influential than any other star. He was simply the most dazzling beacon of life in these people's lives.

After all, to these 20,000 people, Li Mu was a super miracle that was born around them. They had heard all kinds of inspirational stories, but the biggest inspirational story that they had witnessed with their own eyes was Li Mu.

Seeing that the audience was so excited, the host also couldn't hold back. She was also a student of the National People's Congress and was in her fourth year. Although she was three years older than Li Mu, she still regarded Li Mu as the biggest idol in her heart.

Forcing himself to calm down, the host said in a trembling voice, "I'm extremely excited right now. I think everyone should be feeling the same as me, so I won't repeat how successful he is here. I'm sure every one of you is as familiar with his achievements as I am. So, next, let's use the warmest applause to welcome the pride of the Internet — Li Mu!"

When the host announced his name and invited him to the stage, Li Mu took a deep breath and tried to relax as much as possible. Then, he stepped onto the stage.

When the handsome Li Mu, who was wearing a formal suit, went on the stage, the applause and screams were comparable to that of a star's concert. Li Mu had experienced all kinds of big scenes, so he was calm on this occasion. He stepped to the podium and shook hands with the beautiful female host.

After greeting the host and exchanging a few words, the host invited Li Mu to the podium. She said, "I believe that everyone present, as well as every young person in the country who pays attention to you, hopes that you can tell us about your way to success and use your successful experience to give us some hints and inspiration."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "It's not a hint or inspiration. I just want to take this opportunity to share some of my personal experiences with you."

The host nodded and asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, you came here empty-handed. Did you not prepare a speech in advance?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm just here to chat with everyone. There's no need to prepare any speech in advance. I'll just talk about whatever comes to mind in the next 20 minutes."

After interacting with the host for a while, Li Mu went to the podium under the host's invitation. He smiled and said to the more than 20,000 people in the stadium, "Good evening, everyone."

The cheers and applause suddenly rang out again.

Li Mu paused for a moment and said, "It's a great honor to have such an opportunity to stand here and share some of my personal views and thoughts with everyone."

He immediately went into his topic and said, "The host said that he hoped that I would share my way to success with everyone. In fact, this is also a question that I've been brewing in my mind before I came here today. Ever since I promised the school leaders to attend tonight's party, I've been thinking: as a peer of everyone's age, what kind of help and inspiration can I bring to everyone?"

"I believe that everyone here has heard all kinds of inspirational stories since they've grown up to this day. Whether it's hanging from a beam to pierce one's buttocks, digging a hole in the wall to steal light, or as long as you work hard enough, you can grind an iron bar into a needle. These are all inspirational stories that we're familiar with. In addition to these ancient inspirational stories, many contemporary celebrities' growth processes have also become widely circulated inspirational stories. For example, how Li Jiacheng became the richest man in China through hard work, how Bill Gates dropped out of Harvard to start Microsoft and become the richest man in the world, and so on …"

"Everyone has heard too many inspirational stories. These stories, without exception, all tell everyone to work hard and that you can succeed if you work hard. But no one tells you where to work hard and what to do after you work hard. This is the scariest part."

"Everyone tells you: work hard. As long as you work hard, you can succeed. As long as you work hard, you can become Li Bai, Superman Li, or even Bill Gates … When someone uses Bill Gates' story to motivate you, if you ask him: How can I become Bill Gates?

Don't try to fool me with all those empty words. Can't you give me a clear path and method?

I think other than telling you to work hard, he won't be able to come up with any substantial path and method. "

"So, anyone who doesn't talk about the real method of success and only tells you inspirational stories to work hard is basically acting like a hooligan!"

There was a burst of laughter in the audience.

Although what Li Mu said was a little extreme, to a certain extent, what he said was not wrong. It even won the hearts of young people. Because too many people told them inspirational stories, telling them that as long as they worked hard, they could succeed, they could become something, but they never gave them a real direction.

After the audience quieted down a little, Li Mu laughed at himself and said, "Everyone has seen and heard similar seemingly heart-warming chicken soup for the soul many times. Naturally, they don't need my bowl. So, what I want to talk to everyone today is not how to succeed, but the importance of believing in miracles."

Believe in miracles?

Everyone was a little confused. How could a successful person like Li Mu succeed without talking to everyone? Did he want to talk to everyone about believing in miracles?

What did he mean?

Just when everyone was confused, Li Mu opened his mouth and said, "I want to tell everyone a story, a story that really happened, and is not too far away from us."

"I think everyone here today should know about the ancient city of Troy and the legend of the Trojan Horse. This is a very wonderful legend in the Epic of Homer. The reason why people don't believe in its authenticity is because there have been no traces of the ancient city of Troy in history. So, many people think that it is just a derivative of Greek mythology, a fictional legend. Therefore, for more than 20 centuries, the whole world thought it was an imaginary legend. Only a German, Heinrich Schliemann, who was born in 1822, believed that it really existed."

"When Heinrich Schliemann heard the legend of the Epic of Homer at the age of seven, he firmly believed that the ancient city of Troy must exist. Even though the whole world thought that the ancient city of Troy was just a legend, he planted the seed of believing in miracles in his heart. When he was young, he made a promise to his father that he would find the ruins of the ancient city of Troy in the future."

"Everyone thought that Heinrich Schliemann's promise was just a child's naive fantasy. However, Heinrich Schliemann started working hard to earn money at the age of 14. Step by step, he became a millionaire, and he learned many languages. His motivation was to accumulate enough ability to find the story that he believed in when he was seven. He wanted to find the ancient city of Troy, to prove that the ancient city of Troy existed in history, and not just a legend."

"When he earned enough money, he funded the formation of his own archaeological team. He poured all his wealth and effort into finding the miracle that he believed in as a child. The heavens did not disappoint those who worked hard, and he finally found the ruins that proved the existence of the ancient city of Troy. At the same time, he also proved that the ancient kingdom of Mycenae also existed in history. He overturned the whole world's doubts about the authenticity of the Epic of Homer, and laid an important foundation for the archaeology of Homer. At the same time, it also became one of the most important events in the world's archaeological history."

"The main reason why Heinrich Schliemann could succeed was because he always believed in miracles, and he believed that he could create miracles. This is also the reason why I admire him.

If his faith had wavered a little in the decades after he was seven years old, the Homeric Epics might still be a legend. "

Most people did not understand Heinrich Schliemann, but almost everyone knew about the Epic of Homer and the story of the Trojan Horse. Therefore, after everyone listened to Li Mu's introduction, they were all quite shocked by this insider story.

At this time, Li Mu smiled and said, "This is what I want to say today. Believe in miracles!

Only by believing in miracles can you create miracles. Otherwise, if you don't believe that miracles will happen, how can you talk about creating miracles? "

"Take me and Makino Technology for example. If you looked at me and Makino Technology a year ago, if I could become a billionaire and Makino Technology could become one of the world's top internet companies, it would be a miracle of miracles. But I have always believed that this miracle can come true, so I have continued to work hard. That is why Makino Technology has continued to develop, improve, and continue to move towards the world's top internet company.

If even I don't believe in this miracle, then it will never have the possibility of becoming the world's top internet company. It is very likely that after developing the Easy Listening Network, I will give up because of the advertising fees of tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands per month, and enjoy the so-called high-income life. Then there will be no me and the current Makino Technology. This is the importance of believing in miracles. "

Everyone in the audience looked at Li Mu thoughtfully. They carefully understood the meaning of his words, as well as the little inspiration that Heinrich Schliemann's story had brought to them.

Just as everyone was still trying to digest what Li Mu had just said, Li Mu smiled and said, "If you don't know how to believe in miracles and what miracles to believe in, then I will give you an example today to teach you."

Everyone immediately stared at Li Mu, waiting for him to continue.

Li Mu smiled and paused before saying word by word, "You might as well try to believe in the 'miracle' that the housing price in Yan Jing will rise to 100,000 yuan per square meter in ten years. If you don't believe it, then so be it. If you believe it, then hurry up and ask your family to find a way to buy you a suite in the Yan Jing Fifth Ring Road. Then, when you graduate from college in the future, you will realize that because you believe in miracles, you can struggle ten to twenty years less than the average person!"

…