Chapter 1762

Hungry Mike was not the first company to connect online and offline services.

However, Hungry Mike was the first in the entire internet industry to connect online and offline services in less than half an hour.

Moreover, this business model was extremely convenient for the white-collar workers and ordinary people in the metropolitan area.

If they did not want to go out to eat, they could just log into Hungry Mike and browse almost all the restaurants nearby without leaving their homes. They could browse the electronic menus provided and order online.

They did not need to go out. They could just sit at home or in the company and wait for their food to be delivered.

Its launch raised the attention of society to the internet to a whole new level. This was because, for the first time, people could feel that the internet could be so close to their lives through an internet product.

Central TV did a special report on Hungry Mike's new business model that lasted several minutes.

In this report, Central TV sent three teams of reporters to conduct interviews.

One team of reporters was responsible for following a white-collar worker working in Zhongguancun.

Another team of reporters was responsible for following Hungry Mike's rider who delivered food to the white-collar worker.

The third team of reporters went to a fast food restaurant in Zhongguancun that sold rice with meat.

The three teams of reporters followed the user, rider, and business owner respectively and experienced the entire process of Hungry Mike's service.

The first team of reporters chose an architect named Wang Xiaolong from a software company in Zhongguancun and conducted a simple interview with him.

The reporter first asked for Wang Xiaolong's name and occupation, then asked for his opinion on Hungry Mike.

Wang Xiaolong had a very high opinion of Hungry Mike. He said that this was the first time the internet had truly touched the real life of ordinary people. Food was the most important thing for ordinary people.

Wang Xiaolong was one of the first users of Hungry Mike. Since yesterday, he had ordered three meals using Hungry Mike. They were yesterday's lunch, dinner, and today's breakfast.

He explained to the reporters, "With Hungry Mike, I can sit in front of the computer and browse the electronic menus of hundreds of restaurants within a five-kilometer radius. This is much easier than finding food by myself. We only have an hour's lunch break every day, which is only enough for us to line up downstairs for fast food. So, to be honest with you, I've been working for this company for more than a year, and I've never eaten in a restaurant that is more than a kilometer away."

Then, he added, "But it's very convenient now. We start our lunch break at 12 o 'clock. I can order at around 11: 40, and the food will be delivered at around 12 o' clock."

"Although Hungry Man promised to deliver my food within half an hour, I've only used it three times, and it's always within 20 minutes. The timeliness is still very good."

The reporter asked him, "When the meal was delivered to you in 20 minutes, did it turn cold, spill, or go bad?"

"Of course not."

Wang Xiaolong said seriously, "When the food was in my hands, it was a little hot. I asked the rider, and it turns out that their delivery box has an electric heating function. It can ensure the temperature of the food inside, and the packaging is perfect, so it's very convenient."

The reporter asked again, "What about the price?

Will ordering food increase the cost of your meal? "

Wang Xiaolong shook his head and said, "First of all, at this stage, Hungry Man doesn't have to pay the delivery fee. In other words, in this situation, ordering food is the same as going to a restaurant to eat the same thing. However, Hungry Man has a full discount red packet, and at the same time, there's a payment discount, so it's cheaper than going downstairs to buy it."

"For example, at noon yesterday, I ordered a bowl of potato braised beef rice. This bowl usually costs 10 yuan, and I used a coupon that costs 2 yuan for the full 10 yuan. When I paid, I immediately deducted 80 cents, so I only spent 7.20 yuan in total."

The reporter asked curiously, "Then are you going to order food through Hungry Man today?"

"Yes," Wang Xiaolong said.

"It's too painful to go downstairs to eat at this time. I have to wait for the elevator for a long time, and when I get to the restaurant, I have to wait for a table. The restaurants around here, no matter if it's good or bad, are always full at noon. I can only wait for the last wave of customers to finish eating before I have a place to eat. Previously, when I couldn't wait for a table, I just bought it and came back to eat."

The reporter looked at the time and said, "It's already 11: 30 now. Why don't you show us the process of ordering food through Hungry Man?"

"Of course!"

Wang Xiaolong nodded and skillfully opened the browser. He opened Hungry Man's page and pointed at the food section, saying, "Click on this food, and it will show all the restaurants near me. Of course, you have to confirm your address in the account beforehand. We are at the Tongke Building. Look here, there's a hint."

The cameraman pointed the camera at the "My delivery address" section, and it indeed showed the words "Tongke Building".

Then, Wang Xiaolong pointed at the restaurant section and said, "Look, all the restaurants are displayed in this section. The default is the distance, which is the closest to me. You can also choose the one with the highest ratings or the one with the highest sales. But Hungry Man has just started, so the data isn't out yet."

"There are also a few quick selection sections, such as fast food burgers, stir-fried rice, Sichuan cuisine, light food, and sweet food. These are the quick selection."

The reporter asked curiously, "Then what type of food do you want to eat for lunch?"

Wang Xiaolong said, "I'll order a Sichuan specialty."

After saying that, Wang Xiaolong clicked on "Sichuan cuisine", and many Sichuan and Hunan cuisine restaurants immediately appeared.

Wang Xiaolong browsed for a while and became interested in a restaurant called "Chuandu Noodle House". As he clicked in, he said, "Chuandu Noodle House is very delicious. I wonder if they have flaming noodles."

After clicking on it, Wang Xiaolong looked at the menu and immediately found "Yi Bin Flaming Noodles", priced at 8 yuan.

He smiled and said, "That's it!"

After saying that, he added it to the shopping cart and said to himself, "I can only use the coupon if I pay 10 yuan. That is to say, if I add 2 yuan to the item now, I'll still be paying 8 yuan."

"What should I order …"

"Oh right, I can add a can of Coke."

After saying that, he clicked on the beverage category. Sure enough, he could choose from Coke and Sprite.

The can of Coke cost 2.5 yuan. Without thinking, he added it to the shopping cart and then entered the shopping cart to settle the payment.

"10 yuan and 50 cents. You can see that a 2 yuan red packet was automatically used here, so the actual settlement amount is 8.5 yuan."

After that, he clicked on the payment and jumped to the Alipay payment page. He entered the payment password and completed the payment.

The page indicated that the meal was waiting for the restaurant to accept the order.

Wang Xiaolong said, "After the restaurant confirms the order, it will officially enter the countdown."

Sure enough, in less than a minute, the restaurant confirmed the order. The page indicated that the meal would be delivered in 30 minutes.

On the other side, the reporter was in a small square outside the office building, interviewing a few hungry riders waiting for the order.

The reporter asked about their income, and they said that the current basic salary was 2,400 yuan. At the same time, the average salary in Beijing was only 2,300 yuan.

Moreover, if the rider received more than a certain number of orders, there would be an additional order commission, two yuan for each order in excess.

For the riders, the income of this job could easily exceed 3,000 yuan. It was even higher than the income of many university students who worked in an office.

When the reporter was interviewing them, Wang Xiaolong's order had been completed. The rider who received the order was not among the people being interviewed.

Coincidentally, Wang Xiaolong's page indicated that the order had been sent to the designated rider, and the rider's phone number was provided to him.

Therefore, the reporter hurriedly called the rider and was ready to meet him.

The rider was on the way to the restaurant, so the reporter arranged to meet him at the restaurant, and then immediately took a car to the noodle restaurant where Wang Xiaolong had placed the order.

When they arrived at the noodle restaurant, the rider had already arrived. At this time, the restaurant was processing Wang Xiaolong's order, so the reporter interviewed the owner of the restaurant.

The reporter's first question was, "What do you think is the biggest benefit of being connected to Hungry Mike?"

The owner spoke with a Sichuan accent and said with a smile, "Of course it's the increase of orders. Our restaurant is relatively small, and there are only a few tables. At most, it can seat 10 people. Therefore, at most we can receive about 20 orders at noon on a weekday. We can't receive more than that, because there is no place for them to sit. In the whole day, we can only receive 70 to 80 orders."

The reporter asked again, "What about after being connected to Hungry Mike?"

"After being connected to Hungry Mike, we sold 23 orders through Hungry Mike at noon yesterday, 29 orders in the afternoon, and it was amazing at night. From 6 pm to 10 pm, we sold a total of 57 orders. Just from Hungry Mike alone, we sold more than 100 orders, which is 1.5 times more than our shop."

The reporter said, "If that's the case, then your income has also increased greatly."

"That's right."

The owner nodded and said seriously, "Before Hungry Mike, we could not do more business even if we wanted to. But after having Hungry Mike, we can no longer be affected by the size of the shop and the speed at which the customers eat. We can continuously receive orders online, and then the chef will make it and hand it over to the rider who comes to collect the order. It doesn't take up any of our restaurant's resources at all. To us, it's a huge benefit. I was originally planning to close the shop and go back to my hometown, but now, I feel that I can continue to struggle in Yanjing. Maybe I can rely on Hungry Mike to make a name for myself!"

As they spoke, the chef in the kitchen brought out the packed food, and there was a note pinned to it with a staple.

The note was printed, and on it was written: Order number, order content, the recipient's information that was blocked with asterisks, and the time of the order.

The reporter asked curiously, "Did you print this order yourself?

Sir, printing so much information must take up quite a lot of time, right? "

The owner pointed at a small thermal printer and said, "The printer and computer are provided by Hungry Mike. After receiving the order, it will automatically print it out, and it's very convenient. Even the materials inside are provided by Hungry Mike. Hungry Mike will provide us with three months of free use and three months of free materials. After three months, we will pay 150 yuan per month for the machine, and we will purchase the materials as needed."

The reporter asked again, "Is this payment compulsory?

Or is it voluntary? "

"Voluntary."

The owner smiled and said, "You still have to pay the monthly rent to buy your own phone. They provided us with a computer and a printer, and it's worth 200 yuan per month. Moreover, we can also buy our own computer and printer. I understand that it would cost four to five thousand yuan to buy everything, so it's better to rent it!"

As he spoke, Wang Xiaolong said, "At 11: 30 pm, is this architect Hungry Mike?