Chapter 387

Li Mu received a lot of phone calls in the morning. Zhang Kexuan, Ye Tianming, and the others called to thank him. Du Wei and her sister, Dufy, also called to thank Li Mu. After that, Chen Ze, Hui Ka Ming, Lin Lin, Fatty Wang, and the others all called to congratulate him. Among them, Hui Ka Ming brought a piece of news to Li Mu. The few companies that sponsored "Old Boys" had all called to thank him. Originally, they had only done some product placement in "Old Boys" for the sake of Hui Ka Ming. But now, it seemed that they had made a huge profit from the product placement. The actual effect of the product placement was more than ten times what they had invested.

To Li Mu's surprise, even Chen Kun called to thank him. The overall impression of the villainous character that he had played this time was not very bad. Moreover, his conscience at the end had helped the character regain a lot of points. Therefore, many people had a deep impression of his character. Moreover, his performance on Tieba had been fully affirmed. Moreover, the number of Chen Kun's fans on Tieba had jumped from more than six thousand to seventy thousand. It had increased by more than ten times.

Finally, after a series of phone calls, Ning Hao told Li Mu that he had received a lot of calls from producers, directors, screenwriters, and film company executives in the morning. They were all inquiring about the copyright of the micro film "Old Boys". Some of them wanted to make it into a blockbuster movie, while others wanted to fill in the plot and make it into a TV series.

Li Mu asked him, "How much profit do you think it would make if it were to be made into a blockbuster movie?"

Ning Hao said, "Right now, the box office of the movie isn't very optimistic either. If the original cast is still used, I reckon it can reach tens of millions of yuan. However, if we change the cast, I can't guarantee it."

Li Mu asked, "If you were to direct a blockbuster movie like" Old Boys, "do you think you would be able to do it?"

Ning Hao smiled and said, "I can, but to be honest, I'm not very suitable for this kind of movie."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "What do you think is suitable for you?"

Ning Hao said, "I've been thinking of a dark humor script recently. I'll show it to you when I'm done."

Li Mu thought to himself, "Don't write Crazy Stone at this time. Now that the box office is so low, it's a bit of a loss to shoot Crazy Stone. Besides, Li Mu is not clear about the situation of the core character of Crazy Stone, Huang Bo, who plays the dark-skinned character. Li Mu remembered that he shot Guan Hu's Get in the Car and Go two years ago. After that low-budget movie, before shooting Crazy Stone, he seemed to have played a small role for many years. It was not until 2005's Survival Migrant Worker that he started to show his talent. Now, Li Mu is not sure whether his acting skills are good enough to support Crazy Stone.

However, Li Mu did not ask further. Everything will wait for Ning Hao's script to be written.

The priority replay rights of "Old Boys" were assigned at noon. With Li Mu's approval, Ning Hao gave the priority replay rights to Xiangnan Satellite TV at a price of two million yuan. The price was slightly lower than other offers, but sacrificing a little profit was also an investment for Li Mu. Xiangnan Satellite TV has become the first satellite TV station in China since the first broadcast of "Princess Pearl", and is the most suitable partner in Li Mu's mind.

Because the pace of things was very fast, after Ning Hao faxed a contract to Xiangnan Satellite TV, Xiangnan Satellite TV immediately transferred the money into Makino Image's corporate account, and then they scheduled the replay of "Old Boys". The original program was moved back, and after the end of the news broadcast at 7: 30, "Old Boys" will be replayed on time.

Because the replay time of other TV stations is set at 10 o'clock in the evening, in order to make the best use of this time difference as much as possible, Xiangnan Satellite TV has been continuously advertising the low-end of many TV programs since noon, announcing the news of the 7: 30 pm replay of "Old Boys".

Geng Jianyong, who has been thinking about how to deal with the public relations crisis all night, is about to go crazy. Seeing that the bad influence of the premiere of "Old Boys" last night has not been remedied yet, Xiangnan Satellite TV has made such a big publicity arrangement for the rebroadcast, which is simply driving people to death.

Geng Jianyong asked someone to contact the relevant person in charge of the TV station, hoping that the other party could stop the broadcast of "Old Boys", or edit "Old Boys" and cut out the footage related to Ji Shen and Lao Bai Gan, but was refused.

The reason is very simple, Makino Image's requirement is that not a single frame can be cut. They broadcast with other people's copyright for free, and if they still violate the contract regulations, they will be held responsible, and "Old Boys" is so popular, it is even more impossible not to let them replay it. For these TV stations, Geng Jianyong is not a big customer, and some of them don't even have advertising cooperation, so naturally, the other party will not give him face.

And Xiangnan Satellite TV's publicity efforts are still increasing. In the afternoon, some live news programs even reported "Old Boys" in the form of news, and at the same time, previewed Xiangnan Satellite TV's priority replay time slot tonight. It seems that Xiangnan Satellite TV is sparing no effort to push the news as far as possible before 7: 30 pm.

Geng Jianyong was so anxious that he directly contacted the bank and froze Geng Yang's bank card through his acquaintance in the bank. Then he called Geng Yang who left home last night and said, "If you don't solve this problem today, from today onwards, you won't be able to get a penny from home."

Geng Yang didn't expect his father to play such a trick. If he had known earlier, he would have definitely applied for a new card and transferred all the money in the card out, but now it's too late. All his bank cards are in a state of loss protection. Although he has his own identity document and can report the loss and replace the card, he must return to the bank where he opened the account. His father can freeze his card from the local bank, so naturally, he can also make the local bank refuse to replace his card.

If he doesn't have money, Geng Yang can't survive in Yanjing. His daily expenses in Yanjing are not less than five figures, but after all his bank cards are frozen, he only has a few thousand yuan in cash.

Geng Yang suddenly became anxious and looked for Tang Quan to discuss a solution. Tang Quan's meaning is that Li Mu is so insidious that he naturally can't let him go, but now that his source of funds has been cut off by his family, Geng Yang doesn't even have the ability to survive in Yanjing, let alone find Li Mu for revenge. As the saying goes, ten years is not too late for a gentleman to take revenge, so he tried his best to suggest that Geng Yang first admit defeat to Li Mu and make a phone call to beg for mercy.

Even if he has to act like a coward, he has to get through the crisis first. Tang Quan also has his own calculations. Geng Yang can be considered a financial backer of his. If he loses his source of funds, he will also invisibly suffer a great loss. Furthermore, he has a conflict with Li Mu, but he can't afford to offend him. Now that Geng Yang and Li Mu have a conflict, Tang Quan hopes to further intensify Geng Yang's hatred towards Li Mu and make him apologize to Li Mu.

If Geng Yang accepts his suggestion, regardless of whether Li Mu accepts it or not, his hatred towards Li Mu will greatly increase because of him bowing to him. If Li Mu happens to accept Geng Yang's action of bowing to him, and let go of his family regarding the micro movie of "Old Boys", Geng Yang can recover his source of funds. Moreover, with Geng Yang's vengeful character, he will definitely not accept Li Mu's kindness.

Killing two birds with one stone.

Geng Yang is quite resistant to Tang Quan's suggestion. Let him bow to Li Mu?

He might as well kill him, or let him take a knife and fight with Li Mu.

Tang Quan could only put on an understanding look on his face. He sighed and said earnestly, "Brother, think about it. Li Mu is a man with a net worth of hundreds of millions. Under normal circumstances, you and I can barely compete with him. But if you don't have a source of funds, it's like we both have a broken arm, and it's the strongest one at that. How are we supposed to compete with him?"

Geng Yang's face turned red. He gritted his teeth and said, "Damn it, I'm just angry. Apologize to him?

You might as well chop me up … "

Tang Quan can see that Geng Yang has already reached a compromise in his heart. He's just putting on a brave front. He still wants to find a way out of this, so he hurriedly comforted him, "Brother, don't worry. You just have to bear with it and take a step back to get through this. In the future, we will always have a chance to make Li pay a thousand times over."

Geng Yang nodded with difficulty and said hatefully, "When this matter is over, I'll f * cking kill him!"

Tang Quan laughed and patted him on the shoulder. "That's right. It's not a bad thing to endure humiliation. On the contrary, it's the motivation to wash away the shame."

Geng Yang took out his cell phone and hesitated for a while before calling Li Mu. Last time, the two of them had a short conversation on the phone, and that was the only communication between the two of them since Zhao Kang was beaten up. Then, Li Mu caught Geng Yang off guard and directly targeted his family business. The attack was ruthless and accurate.

Li Mu didn't expect Geng Yang to call him. After receiving his call, Li Mu's tone was cold. "What's the matter?"

Geng Yang clenched his fists and said, "Li Mu, our business is our business. You shouldn't have attacked my family. It's not kind and it's against the rules."

Li Mu grunted and said, "It's our business. You hit my friend, which is against the rules. You broke the rules first."

Geng Yang was about to refute when Li Mu said impatiently, "If you have something to say, say it. If you still talk nonsense like this, I'll hang up."

Tang Quan hurriedly reminded Geng Yang in a low voice, "You have to be flexible and think about the overall situation!"

Geng Yang's expression was as ugly as if he had eaten sh * t. He forced himself to calm down and tried to soften his tone. "Erm, it was my fault that your friend got beaten up last time. I apologize and am willing to compensate. How much is it? We can talk about the money. As long as you delete the part of 'Old Boys' where our God Ji and Lao Bai are f * cking each other, we will mind our own business."

Li Mu said, "I'm not short of money, and neither is my friend. We don't care about a million yuan."

Geng Yang suppressed his anger and asked, "Then tell me, how do you want to solve it?"