Chapter 766

Chen Ze's answer surprised Li Mu.

Although he had vaguely guessed the answer in his heart, hearing it from Chen Ze's mouth still made him feel nervous.

Li Mu naturally did not doubt the authenticity of Chen Ze's words. Chen Ze was the son of a government official. He must have received the news of the various movements and movements of the higher-ups much earlier than ordinary people. Otherwise, it would not have been possible for him to hear this in the afternoon when the meeting had just started in the morning. However, he still asked subconsciously, "Really?

Are you kidding me? "

Chen Ze said, "Why would I joke with you? I wouldn't joke about such a serious matter."

As he said this, Chen Ze added, "The meeting that was held in the morning is not over yet. It will continue in the afternoon. However, the reporters were there the whole time. After the boss said that sentence, he specifically reminded the reporters to broadcast that paragraph. He said that this was his expectation and request for the education industry in the whole country."

Li Mu took a deep breath. He suddenly felt a little flustered.

When Chen Ze heard the sound of Li Mu's deep breath, he smiled and said, "Don't be nervous. This is a good thing. Although the boss did not directly comment on you in front of the reporters, he used the 'positive energy' that you proposed. This is the biggest affirmation for you. This can only be good for you."

Li Mu nodded on the other end of the phone. It was naturally a good thing to receive affirmation from the leader. However, it also unknowingly increased the burden on his shoulders. The results of Taobao's brand day were like a bolt of lightning in the night, bright and dazzling. However, what really made Taobao the focus of the society was not a day's sales, but the industry's expectations for Taobao's future development. Whether it could continue to create good results, stimulate domestic demand, and bring long-term positive effects to the economic situation was the most important thing.

Li Mu was also very clear that it was because of the long-term effects of Taobao that the leaders who valued economic development would pay attention to him and Taobao.

The 2.683 billion was just a good start. If Taobao only had this much ability, then it was indeed a waste of the attention. What he needed to do next was to increase the stimulation of Taobao to the retail market, maintain and increase the daily influence of Taobao, and accelerate the development of e-commerce in the country.

From the actual situation, it was also a good time for Taobao to expand its territory. The society's understanding of the Internet was greatly promoted by him. In the future, the number of home computers and netizens would definitely usher in explosive growth. This would not only bring a huge industry bonus to the computer hardware industry, but it would also bring a very considerable industry bonus to the entire Internet industry.

Moreover, Taobao had enough social influence, so Mu firmly believed that he would be able to obtain enough preferential policies and benefits. This was something that other competitors could not compare.

However, Li Mu thought about it for a while and realized that he did not have any real competitors at the moment.

His ecological closed-loop was already very strong. Taobao did not have any competitors of the same level. There were not even any competitors that barely caught his eye.

Boss Ma was originally a big threat to him, but coincidentally, he had created such a strong social influence on Taobao. What was originally a normal method of competition had now caused him big trouble. Now that he was in deep trouble, it would be difficult for him to enter the 2C industry in a short period of time.

Li Mu felt that as long as he maintained this advantage, his Taobao would be much stronger than Ali's Taobao in his previous life.

At least in his previous life, JD.com, which had continuously overtaken Taobao and Tmall, would no longer exist. Instead, it would be converted into Li Mu's own business. eBay was stupid. Although it was currently at the height of its popularity in the overseas market, based on their way of thinking, it would not be a match for Li Mu at all. Amazon's current size was also quite large, but it had not entered the Hua Xia market. In his previous life, it had only entered the market in 2004, and it was only achieved through the acquisition of Zhuoyue. Now, Zhuoyue was also having a hard time.

Since its inception, Zhuoyue's main business had been books and audio-visual products. However, its audio-visual products business was currently suffering a severe impact. This impact came from the close cooperation between Taobao, YY, Alipay, record companies, celebrities themselves, and celebrity Tieba.

On its own, Zhuoyue was no match for Taobao in terms of selling audio and video products online. Now it was struggling to hold on and was in a difficult situation. If it wasn't for the capital backing it up, Zhuoyue, which had lost half of its business, would not be able to hold on for long.

At this thought, Li Mu slapped his head.

"What's the situation with Zhuoyue now?"

Li Mu searched through his memories of Zhuoyue, especially the memories before it was acquired by Amazon.

If he remembered correctly, the founder of Zhuoyue was the then-CEO of Kingsoft, Lei Jianguo, Lei Jun?

At that time, Lei Jianguo must have used Kingsoft to get Lenovo to invest in Zhuoyue. Lei Jianguo also had some shares, but it was not a lot. Later, as the company developed, it received investments from a few VCs. However, until 2004, Zhuoyue still did not make any profits. Kingsoft, Lenovo, and the VCs had their own plans. As a result, Zhuoyue was in an awkward position. In the end, it was sold to Amazon. Li Mu did not know the details, but he remembered that when Zhuoyue was sold, Lei Jianguo suffered a huge blow.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. The Zhuoyue website in 2002 would not have made any money in his previous life. Now, under his influence, it would not be easy for it to continue. Rather than that, he might as well acquire Zhuoyue. On one hand, he could reduce the number of competitors, and on the other hand, he could increase the sales of books for Taobao. If Zhuoyue was in his hands, coupled with YY's marketing resources, Taobao's platform, Alipay's payment channels, and his future logistics system, he could easily take down Dangdang, which was still not stable yet.

Other than that, Li Mu had another idea: to get to know Lei Jianguo. In the future, they might be able to work together on projects. If he could recruit Lei Jianguo, it would be even more worthwhile. In the early stages, he could lead a team, set strategies, and do investments. In the later stages, he could do hardware and marketing. He was definitely a good helper.

Lei Jianguo's status in the Chinese internet industry was not low. After all, Kingsoft was still quite influential. However, to Li Mu, Kingsoft was too far behind Makino Technology. There was no room for imagination. Companies that did paid software had never really succeeded in Hua Xia's internet market.

Currently, Kingsoft had a market value of more than ten levels. It was still planning to go public, but Kingsoft's good days would not last long. It had been planning to go public, but it was only in the second half of 2007 that it succeeded. Moreover, its market value was not high, only a few billion Hong Kong dollars. It was obvious that there was not much room for growth in the next few years.

If Lei Jianguo was present and had enough foresight, Li Mu believed that he could poach him from Kingsoft. Even if he could not poach him, Li Mu was willing to cooperate with him to open a company and do investments in the future.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately called Liu Xiaodong. The first sentence he asked him was straight to the point. "I want to acquire Zhuoyue. Do you think it's possible?"

Liu Xiaodong was stunned for a while. After about ten seconds, Liu Xiaodong said, "I think it's a little useless. Zhuoyue's audio and video products business is basically done for. Only the book business is still struggling. They still have Dangdang to compete with them in the book business. They are not having a good time."

Liu Xiaodong continued. "To be honest, there is not much room for imagination in the book business. The profits are low, and there are many pirated copies. Zhuoyue is still incurring losses. If it were not for Kingsoft and Lenovo, they might not be able to survive."

Li Mu asked him, "Do you know anything about Amazon?"

Liu Xiaodong said, "A little. They are a very powerful e-commerce giant. Their market value is about 8 billion USD."

Li Mu said, "Zhuoyue is imitating Amazon's products. They even set their sights on the same vertical market as Amazon, which is book products. But they only focused on imitating Amazon and forgot to localize Amazon's strategy. If they were to do online book sales in Hua Xia, they would not be able to grow even after 20 years. Instead, the market will become smaller."

Liu Xiaodong asked curiously, "Then why do you still want to hire them?"

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "If one day Amazon wants to enter the Hua Xia market and achieve their goal of entering and expanding quickly, what will they do?"

"Acquire." Liu Xiaodong said firmly. "Other than acquiring, there is no other way."

Li Mu continued, "If that day really comes, then do you think the possibility of them acquiring Zhuoyue will be higher?

After all, Zhuoyue is imitating Amazon. They are like Amazon in Hua Xia. Not only will Amazon feel close to them, but they will also be familiar with their strategy. "

On the other end, Liu Xiaodong hesitated for a moment before raising his voice and saying, "That makes sense!"

Liu Xiaodong paused for a while and asked again, "When do you think Amazon will enter Hua Xia?"

Li Mu said, "Without us, they will probably have to wait for another two years. But we are rising a little too fast. I think they will see the potential of the Hua Xia market earlier. Maybe they will take action this year or next year."

Liu Xiaodong asked, "Then your idea is to snatch the most suitable carrier for him to enter Hua Xia in advance?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Not only that. I want to get rid of all the suitable carriers before he enters Hua Xia. If he wants to enter Hua Xia, he will have to start from scratch."

Liu Xiaodong couldn't help but smile and said, "What if they want to acquire us?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Just let him play. Don't give him any chance to negotiate."

Liu Xiaodong said, "We need to develop ourselves and control our domestic competitors. At the same time, we need to defend the domestic market and prevent the international giants from entering. If that's the case, we will be short of funds for the next two to three years. We might not be able to make a profit for a long time."

"Don't worry."

Li Mu said, "When Taobao's platform's revenue increases by a few levels and when our own logistics starts to show results, I will tie Taobao and Taobao Logistics together for financing. The value of the two companies will be higher than the sum of the two companies. If the investors want to invest, they will have to invest together. There is no room for negotiation.

Besides, there is nothing scary about being a giant. Isn't it just burning money?

We can also burn ourselves to become a giant. "