Chapter 1039

At the moment when the "Paradise Town Cup – America's Top Campus Belle List" event was officially launched, Mark Zuckerberg was happily immersed in testing his gift reward system. In his view, the core part of his Facemash concept was the gift reward system. Whether this system was good or bad would directly affect the prospects of Facemash after it was launched.

The entire Silicon Valley was waiting to see Li Mu make a fool of himself.

In their view, this Hua Xia person came all the way to Silicon Valley to find financing, but he didn't know his place. They thought that he was the same in Silicon Valley as he was in Hua Xia, an Internet genius pursued by countless people. In Silicon Valley, all development was inseparable from the promotion of capital. Being hostile to capital itself was taboo in the industry.

Several industry magazines in Silicon Valley even wanted to take the opportunity to humiliate and humiliate Li Mu. One of the media even used a special report on Li Mu as the headline article in its upcoming bi-monthly magazine. In the content, it made a very direct attack on Li Mu's arrogance and even claimed that Li Mu was overconfident in the face of capital, which was an excessive contempt for the American Internet and capital market. The article even said that if Li Mu didn't bow down to the American capital, he would sooner or later go back to Hua Xia.

The magazine would be launched in two days, so the finished product had long been prepared in the warehouse of the printing factory for a long time. Starting this morning, it was officially shipped to the public, and it would be launched in all major channels in two days.

At this very delicate moment, Li Mu, who had been silent for a few days, suddenly launched the "Paradise Town Cup – America's Top Campus Belle List" event. As soon as this event was launched, it set off an extraordinary frenzy in the United States.

The first to become frenzied were the college students who happened to be obsessed with "Paradise Town" because the prize money for this # Campus Belle List event was really amazing!

Li Mu was originally prepared to take out a few million dollars in prize money to promote this school belle competition. However, after meeting with more than a dozen Silicon Valley capitalists, Li Mu decided to quadruple the prize money of the entire competition, directly increasing it to 30 million USD!

Don't the US capitalists think that they are too arrogant?

In that case, he would hype up the event. Spending more than 20 million USD might seem shocking, but compared to the company's overall valuation, which would increase by billions or even billions of USD, this amount of money was still very worthwhile.

This time, although Li Mu was holding a campus belle contest in a university in the United States, his goal was to attract the attention of the entire United States through this campus belle contest.

He wanted to increase the importance of the competition and make it so that it would attract the attention of the entire American public. If the competition was done well, Paradise Town would go from American university campuses to the entire American society.

The adjusted prizes were extremely generous. First of all, the prize for the champion of more than 3,000 universities had been increased from 1,000 USD to 5,000 USD. This alone had reached a huge sum of 17 million USD. It directly increased the enthusiasm of female university students to participate in the competition from the very first stage, ensuring that the competition was attractive from the very beginning.

Secondly, the prize for the 50 states and the District of Columbia had been raised from $20,000 to $100,000, which was a total of $5.1 million.

In the end, the prizes for the national champion, second runner-up, and third runner-up were even more generous. They were directly raised from the original 300,000, 200,000, and 100,000 to one million, five hundred, and three hundred thousand!

Together with the sports car, the total expenditure was about 2.5 million USD.

Li Mu's slogan was to select the "Million Dollar Beauty" in American universities. In English, the slogan was "R-Beauty."

The title of "Million Dollar Beauty" alone was a powerful hot topic. Moreover, this extremely tempting selling point was extremely attractive to those girls. It would definitely cause a huge social response.

And Li Mu's goal was to make the concept of "R-Beauty — Million Dollar Beauty" a super hot topic in American society. If he succeeded this time, the "Million Dollar Beauty" would become his own super IP, and he could use it to hype it up every year.

In addition, in addition to the voted campus belle, the competition also added a "Most Popular Award." The competition would set up a popularity ranking, and the ranking would be based on the fan's contribution. The higher the fan's contribution, the higher the ranking.

The Most Popular Award would be chosen from each state. Each state champion would be awarded 50,000 USD, with a total expenditure of 2.55 million USD. The national champion would receive 500,000 USD, the second runner-up would receive 300,000 USD, and the third runner-up would receive 100,000 USD.

The ultimate purpose of adding the Most Popular Award was to arouse the desire for money and the vanity of these university girls. This would greatly stimulate them and make them think of all ways to induce fans to increase their contribution.

At the end of 2002, even in the relatively developed United States, no one had played such a large-scale "talent show". Moreover, this was the first "talent show" in the history of the United States, and even in the history of the world, held entirely on the Internet. Therefore, once the announcement of the event was released, it immediately set off a storm in American universities!

The girls of more than 3,000 universities fell into a complete frenzy in an instant!

No one could imagine that an online game like "Paradise Town" could carry such a large-scale talent show. The generous prize made countless people scream in front of their computers with their eyes wide open!

At this moment, the female dormitories of universities across the United States were completely submerged in endless screams!

Boiling!

Completely boiling!

"Paradise Town Cup – Top Campus Belle List" made these university girls completely excited. The degree of craziness was comparable to that of the crazy girls at Michael Jackson's concert.

The generosity of the talent show in this competition was definitely something that the people of the United States had never seen before!

Moreover, its promotion mechanism level by level, as well as the generous prize for each level, completely attracted the attention of all the girls!

This was the difference between the "Paradise Town Cup – America's Top Campus Belle List" and the previous national competitions. In the previous national competitions held in the United States, the ones who could really get the prize money were often the top contestants selected by the national selection. Most of the others were just there to accompany the contestants. Not to mention getting the prize money, some competitions even required the contestants to pay tens or even hundreds of dollars in registration fees.

On the other hand, "Paradise Town Cup – Top Campus Belle List" not only did it not require a single cent registration fee, but there was also a generous prize money from the beginning of the school championship. There were also different prizes along the way, so that every girl could have a three-dimensional dream, so that they could eat what was in front of them, look at what was in the bowl, and wait for what was in the pot.

What made the girls the most crazy was the concept of "r-Beauty — Million Dollar Beauty." Winning the national championship, becoming a real million dollar beauty, and at the same time becoming the object of envy of all the girls in the United States and the object of love of all the boys in the United States. This was simply the pinnacle of a girl's dream in real life.

Moreover, because the competition allowed the contestants to record 60-second short videos for all the players to watch, this made all the female university students realize that this was a great opportunity to increase a large number of fans!

This time, the competition was against the universities in the United States. In other words, if they really had a chance to break out of the tight encirclement, even if they rushed to the state level, they could gain a large number of fans.

During the operation of "Paradise Town" some time ago, some of the very popular "campus goddesses" in the game now earned an average of more than a thousand dollars a day in "Paradise Town."

A few thousand fans could earn more than a thousand dollars a day. If they could use this opportunity to break out of the school and get attention from the entire state, they could probably gain tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of fans. In that case, whether or not they could get the million dollar beauty prize in the end, tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of fans could probably receive tens of thousands of dollars in gifts every day. This was more money than a money tree, much faster than a money printing machine!

All the way through, they could get generous rewards, more exposure opportunities, and thus more fans and gift income. The money was simply too good to be true. Moreover, they did not need to spend a single cent to participate in the competition. They only needed to download the new version of "Paradise Town" and register in the game. Therefore, the university students in the United States quickly took action. In just an hour, more than a million female university students had signed up!

At the same time, various promotional advertisements related to the "Paradise Town Cup – Top Campus Beauties List" suddenly appeared near major universities in the United States. It was simply an online and offline publicity offensive for the university students.

Although all of Li Mu's publicity offensive revolved around the university students, this publicity was more like Li Mu's "fixed-point explosion". The university was just the detonation point that Li Mu had carefully chosen. He wanted to detonate this detonation point to blow up all social strata in the United States.

Such a fanatical competition, under the blessing of the concept of "million dollar beauty", already had a strong self-dissemination attribute. In the eyes of Li Mu, the university students happened to be the group with the strongest dissemination ability in the entire society. The reason why he thought that university students were the group with the strongest dissemination ability in the society was that Li Mu felt that from the comprehensive analysis of the degree of freedom, degree of leisure, degree of avantgarde, degree of gossip, and other areas, the comprehensive value of university students in these four key points surpassed any other social strata.

Therefore, Li Mu firmly believed that this competition that he had increased would inevitably bring amazing dissemination efficiency through the dissemination of university students.

Sure enough!

Once the competition was launched, it immediately began to spread to all social strata in the United States.

While the female university student signed up, she shared the news with her family and asked them to quickly download the game and first obtain enough "resident vouchers" in the game, which were the only votes for the selection, so that they could immediately vote for themselves when the selection began.

This included her two parents who worked in various industries, her younger siblings who were still in high school, her other relatives, and her friends who were not in school …

Li Mu's special definition of "votes" was a great success. Every vote had to be obtained by the user in the game. That way, once the canvassing for votes reached its climax, the female university students and their fans would definitely mobilize everyone who could be mobilized to participate in the voting. At that time, Paradise Town would be able to use this channel to quickly break through the shackles of university campuses and rush into the lives of every American.

Li Mu had actually learned this trick from "Super Girl".

The core concept of "Super Girl" was the same as Li Mu's. It seemed like a talent show targeted at young girls, but the goal behind it was to pry open the entire society through the group of young girls.

Li Mu had modified this concept to a certain extent. His goal was to pry open the entire American society through the group of female university students.