Chapter 414

Taobao, a C2C product with a name full of e-commerce. In Li Mu's previous life, it was the king of e-commerce in the country.

But looking back at the development history of 2C (to-customer), which was the e-commerce website for ordinary consumers, in China, one could see that before Taobao was launched, domestic e-commerce had been on the rise for a few years. Taobao was not the first 2C platform to launch its business in China. Before that, B2C and C2C had already developed a market in China.

Joyo, eBay, Dangdang, and 8848 were all developing, but they were cut off by Taobao in 2003. The main reason was because of Taobao's advanced strategy and precise positioning. B2C's cost was too high, so it was eliminated from the beginning. B2C did not have a strong market and supporting support. The big brother of C2C, eBay, and eBay, were still trying their best to extract a cut from the transaction between users and merchants. The Americans were used to the commission market, but they did not understand the mentality of the Chinese. This caused the sellers to complain about the platform.

While eBay was racking its brains to prevent buyers and sellers from contacting each other and to ensure that the commission was normal, Taobao announced that it would be permanently free of charge to both buyers and sellers. This was because Taobao's development goal was to increase its scale, while eBay's goal was to increase its revenue. There was a huge difference in strategy between the two.

After Taobao used this strategy to attract a large number of users, coupled with a high investment in marketing, Taobao's traffic increased rapidly. Then, the appearance of Alipay completely dispelled all the users' doubts about online shopping. It completely stimulated the demand for online shopping, and realized its rapid growth.

Li Mu did not think that he could be compared to Boss Ma, who had a broad vision and was extremely eloquent. Therefore, he did not plan to play any tricks. His Taobao's positioning was almost the same as Boss Ma's Taobao's positioning.

At the dining table, Li Mu explained the core of his plan for Taobao to Liu Shixiong bit by bit. In summary, there were three points.

First, stick to C2C.

Second, stick to free of charge.

Third, provide good supporting support.

The supporting support included publicity, promotion, product development, ecological construction, and many other supporting elements.

Liu Shixiong had recently studied a lot of e-commerce books and cases, and he agreed with Li Mu's position. He also felt that the cost of B2C was too high, and there were too many limitations. At the initial stage, it was more suitable to be a platform for buyers and sellers. When he grew to a certain scale, he would turn himself into a seller and move to B2C.

Since they shared the same ideals, the rest would be much easier.

Li Mu said, "In the early stages of Taobao, the most important thing is technology and operations. Liu Shixiong, after the company is established, you have to build a strong operation team as fast as possible. You have to recruit elites at all costs."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "Don't worry about this. I have a lot of alumni resources from our National People's Congress. Coupled with social recruitment, it won't be a problem to recruit elites."

Li Mu did not doubt this. It was certain that Li Mu had a wider network than him. After so many years, Li Mu's judgment and control of people should be much stronger than him. He was an awesome BUG, and Li Mu was an awesome EXE. In terms of execution, Li Mu was definitely much stronger than him.

Li Mu said again, "Once we start doing this, I will pour all my resources into it. I will guide the users of Makino Technology in, I will take out the Alipay channels, and I will also think of ways to integrate Easy Listening Network and Storm Entertainment. What you have to do is to lead the team well and use the fastest speed to complete the tasks we have set for each stage."

There was one thing that Li Mu did not mention. After YY went online, he wanted to integrate YY. Taobao would not develop a new communication tool with YY embedded. YY would become the native real-time communication system of Taobao. This would not only avoid repeated development and sibling products fighting, but it would also greatly promote the development of YY.

It was equivalent to integrating the current Aliwangwang and QQ.

YY was still highly confidential. Li Mu personally asked everyone to keep it confidential during the high-level meeting of Makino Technology. Naturally, he could not reveal it to the public, including Liu Shixiong.

Liu Shixiong said, "I'll definitely do my best."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll have to trouble you to handle the company registration and the location of the office for the next two days. After that, start hiring. Find a legal officer to draft a contract. We'll sign the contract first. Then, I'll take out five million to register the company. After the company registration is successful and the company account is open, I'll immediately transfer the remaining four million. You can also transfer the one million after the registration is successful."

Liu Xiaodong knew that Li Mu's financial resources were far stronger than his, so he did not say much and readily agreed to Li Mu's suggestion.

Then, the two talked about some other details.

For example, the company's name was going to be registered as Yanjing Taobao Network Technology Co., Ltd. The location of the company was going to be around Zhongguancun. The target size for 2003 was to have more than a hundred people, so the office space could not be less than a thousand square meters.

Liu Xiaodong had an unusually strong entrepreneurial passion, so Li Mu entrusted these matters to him. After YY went online, he began to arrange for the development team of Makino Technology to transfer some manpower and energy to develop the front and back of Taobao.

There was also Fang Xudong, who was far away in Silicon Valley in the United States. After he returned to his country, this matter would basically be settled.

After eating and drinking, the most important thing was that they had finished chatting. Liu Xiaodong was full of smiles, like a college student who had just graduated and found a satisfactory job. He was so excited that he could not control himself.

Before he knew Li Mu, he felt that he was quite successful. Born in a rural area in northern Southern Jiangsu, he was admitted to the National People's Congress, and a few years after graduation, he had accumulated millions of assets. He could be regarded as a slightly successful talent anywhere. However, compared to a monster like Li Mu, he felt that he was indescribably small.

Now, he had left his small boat and had one foot in Li Mu's big boat. As for tomorrow, he could finally look forward to it.

After the three of them finished eating, they said goodbye in the parking lot. Liu Xiaodong and his girlfriend, Gong Xiaojing, returned to the car. Seeing that Li Mu's car had left first, he did not start the car. He had not even inserted the key into the keyhole. Gong Xiaojing, who was beside him, could not help but ask, "What's wrong? What are you spacing out for?"

Liu Xiaodong glanced at her, his eyes filled with deep excitement and love for Gong Xiaojing. He smiled and said, "I'm too excited. I'm afraid that my hands will shake and I won't be able to drive well. Let me calm down for a while."

Gong Xiaojing also looked at him with tender eyes. She winked and said with a sweet smile, "Then you better calm down quickly. I have to go home at eleven at the latest. There are less than two hours left. I can go to your place to accompany you …"

"Re … Really?" Liu Xiaodong's expression was even more surprised.

Gong Xiaojing nodded and said shyly, "Why would I lie to you?"

Liu Xiaodong rubbed his hands vigorously and said excitedly, "Let's go, let's go now …"

… ….

The news of Chen Wan's audition at Xiangnan Satellite TV could not be hidden in Xiangnan Satellite TV.

After all, "Happy Camp" is the trump card of Xiangnan Satellite TV's entertainment variety show. The show has interviewed and determined a new host. This secret is difficult to keep.

First, the people inside Xiangnan Satellite TV learned the news, and then the news spread in the industry.

The radio and television industry is actually a very small industry, especially in the satellite TV circle. There are only a few dozen satellite TV stations in the country, and there are only tens of thousands of frontline employees, which are not as many as the taxi drivers in Yanjing city, so it is expected that the news will spread quickly.

People from other stations were not surprised by the news. It is a fact that Chen Wan is very popular, and she has not had a chance to appear on screen in Yanjing Satellite TV. Once she really starts to be exposed, her popularity will definitely rise rapidly. Although she is not qualified enough, her popularity is enough to make up for it, and it can be considered to be worthy of the program "Happy Camp".

Moreover, people with discerning eyes can also see that she has been suppressed in Yanjing TV. In this case, anyone will choose to leave and find another place.

However, when the news came back to Yanjing Satellite TV, it caused a stir in the station.

For these ordinary employees, who have been enduring the internal pressure and the poisoning of the bureaucratic system, Chen Wan has almost become a hero in their eyes. After being suppressed and treated unfairly in Yanjing TV, and resigning in anger, she immediately got an offer from Xiangnan Satellite TV, and she is also the real host of "Happy Camp". The gap is so big that it makes people speechless; the face-slapping effect has reached the peak; the inspirational effect is also surprisingly good.

From an abandoned child who can't get a chance to appear on screen in a second-tier satellite TV station, she has become a host of a top first-tier satellite TV station and a top program. What could be a more perfect counterattack than this?

The employees were excited and talked about it as a topic, but the leadership was extremely angry about it. Chen Wan's counterattack was simply equivalent to slapping them in the face.

Several leaders began to communicate with the leadership of Xiangnan Satellite TV as soon as they heard the news, trying to use their own influence in the industry to let Xiangnan Satellite TV give up on Chen Wan, and thus ban Chen Wan.

At the same time, when Ma Weiwei heard the news, she was so angry that she couldn't eat for a day. Chen Wan is a pawn under her hand. Now that she has turned around, her height is much higher than her own. She, a new intern, has gone to host "Happy Camp" in the blink of an eye. She has been struggling for several years, and her body has also been struggling for several years with Zhan Yun. She has just hosted "Special Interview" with a very average rating.

Why? Some people in the station have been gossiping that she has been suppressing Chen Wan and not letting her appear on screen. Now that Chen Wan has counterattacked, isn't it also slapping her own face?

The most annoying thing is that no one knows who has posted these things on the Internet. Now, people who follow Chen Wan in Tieba know about it. The friends of "Happy Camp" Tieba and Chen Wan Tieba are going crazy. They are crazily celebrating the good news that Chen Wan is going to "Happy Camp". Even the owners of the two Tieba have applied for the two Tieba to become friendly Tieba. Within a day, tens of millions of people expressed their expectations and blessings for Chen Wan to join "Happy Camp" in Tieba.

That's not all. The key is that there are a group of netizens in both "Happy Camp" Tieba and Chen Wan Tieba who are scolding Ma Weiwei. There are even a large group of netizens who are constantly posting and scolding her in Tieba.

Ma Weiwei specifically went to look at her own Tieba. She didn't have many fans to begin with, but now those fans have all changed sides. They are all condemning her in the Tieba. Someone said: "I never expected Ma Weiwei to be such a vile person."

Someone else said: "Ma Weiwei is too jealous. She has been suppressing Chen Wan for so long and not letting her appear on screen. Great, now that Chen Wan is going to 'Happy Camp', she must be so ashamed that she wants to find a hole to hide in."

These words were still acceptable, but most of the posts used words that made Ma Weiwei extremely angry.

For example: "Ma Weiwei is not good-looking at all. Compared to Chen Wan, she's worlds apart. She's so ugly, yet she is purposely suppressing others. How f * cking shameless!"

"Ma Weiwei has been suppressing Chen Wan and not letting her appear on screen, but the Yan Jing Television Station's leaders have not done anything about it. They are obviously siding with Ma Weiwei. I wonder if that b * tch Ma Weiwei has some unspeakable secret with the Yan Jing Television Station's leaders!"

"I'm willing to bet that this b * tch Ma Weiwei is the personal car of one of the station's leaders!"

"Or maybe it's just a bus specially for the leaders!"

"F * ck, I'm never going to watch Ma Weiwei's show ever again. That ugly b * tch!"

Following that, Ma Weiwei also discovered a large number of netizens on Yan Jing Television's Tieba protesting. They were all saying things like they wouldn't watch Ma Weiwei's show if she didn't leave.

Seeing so many people attacking her, Ma Weiwei was on the verge of collapsing. She never expected that deliberately suppressing Chen Wan would cause such a huge backlash. This made her even more flustered. She was afraid that these netizens would continue to attack her and cause her popularity to drop to a freezing point.

At 9: 10 PM that night, her latest episode of "Special Interview" was broadcasted. She had been waiting for the ratings in the station. In the first five minutes of the broadcast, the staff reported the real-time national ratings. The ratings of "Special Interview" dropped from the previous average of 0.23% to 0.18%. It was a shocking drop.

Fifteen minutes later, the ratings dropped again to 0.15%. Such a big shock was the first time in Yan Jing Television's variety show. Ma Weiwei, who was dumbfounded, only then did she realize that the netizens on the Internet were carrying out a boycott against her, and there were already hundreds of thousands of people involved. Ma Weiwei's heart instantly sank into an icehouse as she panicked to the extreme.

That night, Ma Weiwei ran away from the TV station like a madman. The first thing she did was to call Zhan Yun in private, crying and shouting for him to do everything he could to ban Chen Wan. She must not let her go to "Happy Camp". It would be best if she could put pressure on Xiangnan Satellite TV as soon as possible to let Xiangnan Satellite TV give up on hiring Chen Wan as the host of "Happy Camp" and immediately come out to refute the rumors.

How could Zhan Yun not think of what Ma Weiwei said?

It wasn't just him, the first and second leaders in the station also thought so, but the reality was not as good as they imagined.

Zhan Yun said in a dejected voice, "The director has contacted the other party's leader in private and also made an appeal, but the other party's leader has been playing Tai Chi, saying that it's not convenient for them to intervene in this kind of thing, otherwise, it would have a bad influence on the station, and they also pushed it to other people. The director found other people in charge, and they said that they can't go against the station's will, and they also said that the contract has been given to Chen Wan …"