Chapter 55

Li Mu's parents still had a very traditional view of opening a store to do business. Their operating model was like Li Mu's aunt, who went to other places to find goods, returned to the local area to find a store, rented the store and renovated it, and then went to other places to purchase goods. In the following time, they had to go to other places to purchase goods at least several times a year.

It was not easy to go to the south to purchase goods. In order to save costs, small shop owners usually took the hard-seat train, which usually took at least ten to twenty hours. After arriving at the place, they rushed to purchase goods without stopping. They often chose by themselves from various wholesale stalls. When they felt that they had almost enough goods, they would first leave the part that they could take away, and then send the rest to the logistics for transportation. They needed to immediately bring a large number of goods back by train.

His aunt used to complain that every time she went to purchase goods, it was like fighting a war. She lost one or two pounds every time she went.

However, the model Li Mu mentioned surprised Li Mu's parents. Was there such a labor-saving model to open a store?

In the face of his parents' surprise, Li Mu also explained the operating model of the franchise brand store very carefully.

After listening to it, Papa Lee and Li Ma digested it for several minutes before they finally understood the cooperation model between the head office and the franchisee.

It was equivalent to the head office being responsible for everything except sales. Product design, transportation, advertising, and publicity were all taken care of by the head office. They would do all the support work as much as possible. The purpose was to improve the sales efficiency of the franchisee so as to achieve a win-win situation.

Although there were also many irregular brands that cheated many partners and franchisees, Li Mu knew that many well-known clothing brands in the later generations had been enduring for years or even decades.

Metersbonwe was one of them. Moreover, he could join now before it accelerated. Next year should be the year of Metersbonwe's take-off.

After listening to all of Li Mu's description, Papa Lee asked a question suspiciously.

"How much does it cost to open such a store?"

"Hundreds of thousands."

Li Mu said it in an understated manner.

His parents were shocked by the amount.

The income reported by Li Mu to his family was eighty thousand yuan from selling the songs and one hundred and eighty thousand yuan from selling the plug-in. The total was only two hundred and sixty thousand yuan. The Li family did not have much savings. This was almost all they had.

Li Mu was afraid that his parents would back out at this time, so he told them part of the truth. "To tell you the truth, I have already rented the store, and the head office has also come down to inspect it. If there are no accidents, the results will be out in a few days."

"You …" Li Ma looked anxious. "Why didn't you discuss it with your parents in advance?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's useless to discuss it. You two definitely won't agree. But now the situation is like this. If you don't agree, I will report to Yan Jing at the end of August, and have no energy to run this store. So, about 100,000 RMB will be wasted."

According to the historical development, Papa Lee and Li Ma would be laid off at the end of this year. Therefore, the state-owned enterprise jobs that they were still desperately defending were basically worthless. Therefore, Li Mu dug a hole for his parents at the family gathering, forcing them to give up their jobs and accept the new idea of opening a store.

Papa Lee and Li Ma finally understood the operation mode of the store. They also heard that Li Mu had already started to operate it. If they did not agree, 100,000 RMB would be wasted. Therefore, they immediately compromised with the huge amount of money.

Papa Lee said first, "In this case, I will listen to your arrangement. When do you think I should apply for layoff?"

Li Mu looked at his parents and said seriously, "The sooner the better. It's best to apply tomorrow, and then directly ask for a long leave. Wait for the layoff notice to be officially issued."

"So urgent?"

Papa Lee and Li Ma exchanged a look. Papa Lee asked, "Now that we are free, your mother and I don't know what to do!"

"Go to training."

Li Mu said, "Once the notice is issued, two or three people will go to Wen City in Zhejiang Province for training. I think it's necessary for both of you to go and learn more about the specific operation process."

As he said this, Li Mu said again, "We also need to recruit a manager with good character and ability. The manager will be responsible for all the daily affairs in the store. The responsibility is very heavy. Moreover, the salespeople should be young, so this person can't be too old."

Li Ma asked, "How much should we pay such a person?"

"If he has experience, at least 1,500 RMB," Li Mu said, "This person is the key. If he does a good job, it won't be too much to pay him 2,000 RMB."

"My God!" Li Ma exclaimed, "A month's salary is almost as much as your father's and mine!"

Li Mu nodded, "Mom, you have to think about the mission of this position. The manager will be responsible for a store with an investment of hundreds of thousands RMB, a sales team of six to eight people, and a monthly turnover of at least 200,000 RMB. If the manager is capable, it's not impossible to make a monthly turnover of tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands RMB."

Li Mu had experienced it since he was at this age, so he knew the difference between exclusive stores. Even if it was the same brand but different exclusive stores, he might not have any intention of shopping when he entered one store and go out empty-handed, but when he entered another store, he might be encouraged to buy one or two items by the enthusiastic and patient sales staff. A good store manager had a decisive effect on the turnover.

Hearing the turnover of 200,000 RMB, Papa Lee was stunned and asked, "What's the discount from the exclusive store?"

"About 50%."

"That's the gross profit of 100,000 RMB a month?" Papa Lee was even more surprised.

Li Mu didn't care and said, "The gross profit of 100,000 RMB is very low. The rent of a few thousand RMB a month, plus utilities and taxes, the fixed expenses will be more than 10,000 RMB, and the employee's salary will be at least 40,000 to 50,000 RMB a month. With a turnover of 200,000 RMB, the monthly net profit can't even reach 30,000 RMB."

The estimated net profit of 30,000 RMB a month had completely frightened Papa Lee and Li Ma. But in Li Mu's eyes, a monthly turnover of 200,000 RMB was nothing at all.

The development of Metersbonwe was much stronger than similar brands like Bennelly Road, Semir, Yichun, and Jeanswest. In his previous life, during the Spring Festival this winter, his family's Metersbonwe store opened. It was so popular that even the fitting rooms had to be lined up. This extremely popular situation lasted for almost half a year before it finally cooled down a little. But even so, the store of this brand was still full of people on weekends.

Based on this calculation, a monthly turnover of 300,000 RMB was not a problem.

At this time, Li Ma suddenly suggested, "Mu, how about asking your aunt to be the store manager?

She has been in the clothing business for so many years and has experience. Moreover, she is one of us and can be trusted. "

Li Mu immediately frowned and said without hesitation, "Absolutely not!

My aunt is very jealous. We can't let her take care of our family business! "

Papa Lee also had a look of agreement. "Honey, I'm not saying bad things about Yunlan. She is indeed too narrow-minded. Moreover, Mu also said that the most important thing for the position of store manager is the ability to manage and coordinate. Do you think Yunlan has this ability?

With her narrow-mindedness, I think her subordinates will leave before she can properly manage them. "

Li Mu gave his father a thumbs-up and said, "Dad, you're right. Auntie, just pass."

At this time, Papa Lee said again, "There is no suitable candidate in the Li family. They all live in the countryside and haven't gone to school."

Li Ma also sighed and said, "The Xiao family also can't think of a suitable candidate. Didn't Mu say that this candidate will be taken to Wen City for training? We have to find a candidate in advance. If we find a candidate at the last minute, what if she is unreliable and quits after the training?"

Thinking of this problem, Li Mu also didn't know where to start.

"I think your sister-in-law is good."

Papa Lee kept silent for a long time and said this.

Li Ma's eyes suddenly lit up.

"Haohao's mother is really good. My parents have praised her for so many years and never complained about her. Since she married into the Xiao family, she has managed her husband, children, parents-in-law and mother-in-law very well. Yunsi doesn't make much money, so she always looks for work outside. She is never willing to stay idle. Whenever my mother talks about her, she is very distressed. Even if my father subsidizes their family, Haohao's mother still doesn't want to stay idle."

Li Mu thought about his aunt. She was really a good daughter-in-law and had always been very filial to his grandparents. However, Li Mu didn't know how good his aunt's working ability was.

When Li Mu expressed his doubts, Li Ma said with a little excitement, "When Wan Jia Supermarket first opened, your aunt applied to be a salesperson. After only three months, she became a team leader. She can earn five or six hundred yuan a month, which is one hundred and fifty yuan more than ordinary salespeople."

Li Mu nodded. His aunt's character was good. She was serious and trustworthy. She also had a good relationship with his mother. As for her business ability, although being a team leader in the supermarket didn't mean much, it could prove that she was more capable than most people in the supermarket sales. Besides, she had to go through training at the headquarters before taking the job. He believed that she would be qualified for the job after receiving the training.

His uncle's family condition was not very good. If his aunt could be the future store manager, it would be a big improvement for the three of them.

Li Mu then patted his thigh and said, "Okay, after the headquarters approves it, I will go and talk to my aunt."

— — —