Chapter 393

Lin Ching-ah slept on Li Mu's shoulder until eleven o 'clock. Seeing that it was almost time, Li Mu gently woke her up. The moment she opened her eyes, Li Mu got up gently and didn't let her see his shoulder that was wet with her tears.

After putting on his coat, Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah went downstairs to pick up her luggage. He drove her to Zaoshi West Station and sent her on the train to Yanjing.

Until the two separated, no one mentioned the traces of tears on Li Mu's shoulder.

Li Mu slept in the hotel in Zaoshi for one night. After getting up the next day, he returned to Hai Zhou. When he passed by the ecological park, he booked a private room in the ecological park before driving back to Hai Zhou. He passed by Shenzhen City on the way. Compared to Hai Zhou, Shenzhen City was also a big city. Li Mu made a special trip to Shenzhen City to buy two small gifts. He planned to give them to Su Yingxue and her cousin that he hadn't met yet.

At six o 'clock in the afternoon, Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran used the excuse of eating skewers to go out together. Li Mu was already waiting at the entrance of Su Yingxue's neighborhood.

Wang Xinran was in a particularly good mood. She was really looking forward to meeting Li Mu, not only because he was her sister's boyfriend, but also because he turned out to be the director of the popular micro film "Old Boys". Most importantly, she had actually met him before. At that time, she deliberately tested his character. The result of the test made Wang Xinran quite satisfied with his performance. She didn't know if Li Mu would still remember her when they officially met.

As soon as Su Yingxue came out of the neighborhood, Li Mu saw her. Although it was already dark, he could still see her familiar figure and clothes under the street lights. Su Yingxue wore a purple down jacket today. She was followed by a girl who was about the same height as her. She was slim and wore a white down jacket, but Li Mu couldn't see her face clearly.

The two walked closer and closer, but because of the light, Li Mu couldn't see their faces clearly. It wasn't until they came to the car and Li Mu got out to help them open the sliding door at the back did he see Wang Xinran's face clearly.

At first glance, Wang Xinran looked sweet and cute. She was definitely a delicate beauty, but she was still a little worse than Su Yingxue. Li Mu sighed in his heart that the two really looked like sisters.

Wang Xinran very generously smiled at Li Mu and said playfully, "Hello, brother-in-law."

Li Mu didn't expect this little girl to be so sweet. He hurriedly nodded at her and said with a smile, "Hello."

As soon as he said that, Li Mu looked at her smiling face again and suddenly felt like he had seen this girl somewhere before.

The next second, a memory fragment automatically played in his mind. Li Mu remembered that day when they were reshooting the scene of God Ji and Lao Bai Gan at the restaurant, the little girl who walked in to ask for a role. At that time, she even took the initiative to say that she could accept the unspoken rules, which made Li Mu very shocked.

Li Mu didn't know that in fact, Wang Xinran had already seen him and Su Yingxue together. She saw that he was filming that day, and Wang Xinran just came in to test him. Li Mu thought that Wang Xinran's performance that day was real, so when he found out that she was actually Su Yingxue's cousin, he felt very embarrassed.

Wang Xinran saw that the way Li Mu looked at her was a little strange, and she immediately understood what Li Mu was thinking. She giggled and said, "Brother-in-law, this is the third time we've met!"

"The third time?" Li Mu was confused. Wasn't it the second time?

Su Yingxue was also dumbfounded, and asked Wang Xinran in surprise, "Xinran, have you met before?

You should have seen him once, but he hasn't seen you, right? "

Wang Xinran saw that both Li Mu and Su Yingxue were confused, and she giggled happily.

Seeing that Wang Xinran just smiled but didn't speak, Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue blankly. Su Yingxue said, "The first day, Xinran called and said that she was attending a class at the Film Academy and would come to the National People's Congress to ask me to go home with her. She hid in the bookstore at the gate of our school and saw us."

Li Mu was suddenly enlightened. "So that's how it is. If that was the first time, then the second time when we met on the set could be explained. Wang Xinran must have recognized me, so she deliberately came to test me."

Li Mu thought that it was fortunate that he had always been an upright and outspoken boy. Otherwise, if he was really hot-headed that day and saw a beautiful girl who came to his door, he would really make a big mistake.

Li Mu smiled helplessly and nodded, "I understand. It turns out that I was deceived by Xinran …"

Li Mu understood, but Su Yingxue didn't. She asked Li Mu in surprise, "What the hell is going on?

Why can't I understand? "

Li Mu said, "It seems that Xinran didn't tell you about the second time she saw me."

Su Yingxue looked at Wang Xinran and asked curiously, "Xinran, what's going on?

I'm confused. "

Wang Xinran covered her mouth and laughed, "I'll tell you slowly in the car."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Get in the car first. There's plenty of time to talk."

Li Mu drove to the ecological park. Wang Xinran and Su Yingxue sat in the back row and began to whisper. Wang Xinran whispered in Su Yingxue's ear. Li Mu couldn't hear anything, but Su Yingxue's expression revealed some information. She was surprised at first, but then she began to smile and nod. Later, Su Yingxue even laughed and said to Wang Xinran with slight blame, "Why didn't you tell me about this?"

Wang Xinran said with a smile, "It's meaningless to tell me in advance. I just wanted to see brother-in-law's dumbfounded look when he sees me."

The three of them sat down in the restaurant's private room. Li Mu let Wang Xinran order some dishes according to her appetite, and he ordered some according to Su Yingxue's taste. After the waiter left, Wang Xinran held her chin and looked at Li Mu with her eyes blinking. She asked with slight admiration, "Brother-in-law, you don't know how popular 'Old Boys' is now. Our acting students have been talking about this micro-film on QQ these days. They treat it as a godly film. Everyone was especially touched after watching it. I heard that the students from the Film Academy also praised it very much."

Li Mu said, "Actually, it's just an entertainment micro-film. It's not as godly as you say."

Wang Xinran said, "It's just that godly. Everyone watched it over and over again as if they were possessed. Not only us young people, even my parents, second uncle, and aunt said that 'Old Boys' was filmed very well. It's quite popular among middle-aged people."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Really?"

"Yeah."

Wang Xinran said, "That day, when our family was eating together, my sister ran out to look for you. Our whole family watched it while eating in the restaurant's private room. At first, when your name appeared, my mom even whispered to my dad, saying that it wasn't you. My dad said that it was probably a coincidence that they had the same name. Then, they watched it from the beginning to the end with me. After watching it, they were all full of praise for this film."

Li Mu knew that the second uncle and aunt she mentioned were Su Yingxue's parents. When he heard that they also liked the micro-film he made for fun, Li Mu felt a little smug.

At this moment, Wang Xinran suddenly thought of a question. She asked Li Mu, "Brother-in-law, how did you discover that Du Wei?"

Li Mu said, "Du Wei is the sister of one of my friends. When I saw her, I felt that her image and temperament were very suitable for the role of Du Jiayi."

Wang Xinran said, "Her singing is also very good. It's amazing!"

Li Mu nodded. "She's very good."

"But brother-in-law is still the best!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. He was modest, but he was also happy to accept Wang Xinran's praise.

Wang Xinran then said, "Speaking of Du Wei, you don't know how many girls studying acting are envious of her, including me. It's very difficult to get into a film academy, especially for acting majors. It's okay if someone has some connections. If they don't, it's easier for child stars or amateur actors who have acted in some roles before to get into the academy. The most difficult thing is for people like me, who have no connections and have no acting experience. But for people like Du Wei, who became popular all over the country after acting in a drama, it's very easy for her to get into a film academy."

Li Mu had heard from Su Yingxue that Wang Xinran was preparing for the film academy. Seeing her sigh, he asked, "Are you confident about this year's art examination?"

Wang Xinran shook her head. "I'm not very confident. I feel that I don't have enough advantages."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why do you think so?"

Wang Xinran said, "I don't think I'm special. Not to mention those senior sisters in the film academy, I'm not outstanding even compared to my classmates who attended the acting training class with me."

Su Yingxue, who was at the side, consoled her, "Xinran, don't be so lacking in confidence. I think you have a lot of talent in acting. You're weird and much better than those actresses who only know one or two expressions. Work hard, and you'll definitely become an outstanding actress."

Wang Xinran giggled. "Sister, thank you for your encouragement. I'll definitely work hard and get into the film academy first."

After saying that, Wang Xinran looked at Li Mu again and said with a face full of anticipation, "Brother-in-law, if you make a micro movie like" Old Boys "or something else, remember to reserve a role for me to practice?

I'm not asking for much, just a few lines will do. "

Li Mu agreed without hesitation. "Don't worry, if I have a chance to make a movie again, or if my friends do it, I'll definitely fight for a role for you."

Wang Xinran immediately poured herself a cup of drink and said happily, "Brother-in-law, just because of what you said, I propose a toast to you."

Li Mu poured himself a cup of tea and said with a smile, "Then I wish you success in the art exam."

Wang Xinran nodded and glanced at Su Yingxue. She said with a smile, "I've taken my sister away to accompany me. She can't be by your side during this period of time. Don't be angry."

Su Yingxue couldn't help saying, "Alright, I won't accompany you if you continue to be so talkative."

Wang Xinran immediately said sensibly, "I was wrong, sister."

…

On the seventh day of the Lunar New Year, Su Yingxue left with her aunt's family of three. After she left, Li Mu often looked at the cross-shaped anti-theft door key on his key ring and asked himself one question: Why did I buy this house?

I spent so much effort just to watch the premiere of 'Old Boys' with Su Yingxue.