Chapter 453

Although Wang Shaohua was not very capable, when the old master had not retired, he could be considered as someone in the court, so he knew many small details in Yan Jing. Take the license plate as an example, everyone thought that A8 at the beginning was awesome, but in fact, A8 at the beginning was too broad. You had to look at the number behind A8. Only the first few numbers represented some privileged departments, and the last few numbers were like a fox using the tiger's power to make up the number.

Li Mu's license plate seemed to belong to the Government Office, but these license plates were not really issued by the Government Office. The Government Office used some of them, and the rest were generally given to people with connections. These people with connections could not be obtained by just knowing an acquaintance. The real internal license plate was less than 100 yuan in total, and it could be distributed outside the department.

Su Yuehua was also a little surprised when she heard that. She subconsciously said, "Maybe he borrowed it?

Isn't he driving a business car? "

Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "This car, this license plate, it's very unusual to be able to borrow it."

Su Yuehua smiled and said, "Did you forget that last time he treated us to a meal, it was at Fayue Restaurant. He ate so much money, and someone secretly paid the bill for him. He has a lot of connections."

Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "That's true. This kid's 3321 is now cooperating with 211 and 985 colleges and universities all over the country. According to the internal evaluation of the Ministry of Education, 3321 is now the largest financial aid charity project in the country and covers the most students. Originally, some departments were jealous and wanted to take 3321 in by force, but a higher leader directly said that no department is allowed to have ideas about 3321, and let it develop on its own. You can see how much influence he has."

Su Yuehua asked curiously, "A higher leader?

How high? "

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "I don't know the details, but it means that it's quite high, definitely higher than the ministry."

Su Yuehua immediately understood and sighed, "I hope he can control the direction well. The stage of 3321 is so big. If there are no problems, there will be many benefits, but if he can't control it, I'm afraid that all the previous efforts will be wasted."

Wang Shaohua said, "You mean the problem of money, right?"

"Yeah."

Su Yuehua said, "Project 3321 is like a rolling snowball, getting bigger and bigger. Now that it's been launched nationwide, the entire platform's income is getting higher and higher. So much money is at his disposal. Can a twenty year old young man handle it?

Even though it's not illegal for him to touch $3,321, the reputation he's built up will be gone. "

Wang Shaohua nodded, then said, "Actually, I think this worry is a little unnecessary. If he wanted to earn this money, he wouldn't have announced to the public that he wouldn't make a profit when 3321 was founded. All the money earned would be his. But he directly announced that he wouldn't earn a single cent. If he could come up with such a project, he should have thought this through very clearly."

"I hope it's like what you said."

…

Li Mu didn't know that Wang Shaohua was driving behind him for two or three kilometers. He was driving while asking Wang Xinran what she wanted to eat.

Wang Xinran sat in the car and looked left and right, but when she really wanted to decide what to eat, her eyes were blank and she didn't know anything.

Su Yingxue was also muttering in her heart since she got in the car. She didn't know anything about Li Mu changing cars. Suddenly seeing him drive such a car, she was very surprised. But with her sister here, she couldn't ask, so she could only suppress her doubts in her heart.

Li Mu saw that neither of them had their own opinions, and considering that Wang Xinran might not be in a good mood, he wanted to treat her to a big meal, more or less to make up for it.

After thinking about it, Li Mu's impression was that Fayue Restaurant was the only high-class restaurant. He hadn't been to the other restaurants, so he took out his mobile phone and called Li Tong, the owner of Fayue Restaurant.

Since Hui Ka Ming introduced him to Su Yingxue last time and he treated her aunt and uncle to a meal at Fayue Restaurant, Li Mu hadn't contacted Li Tong. As soon as he called, Li Tong's voice sounded a little surprised. "Oh, Li Mu, I haven't seen you for a long time, and I haven't seen you come to my restaurant."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Yes, I've been busy recently."

Li Tong said, "I know you're busy. Your Makino Technology is so popular now that I, an outsider in the industry, hear people talking about it every day."

Li Mu said, "I've been busy for a while." Then Li Mu said, "Are there any seats in your restaurant?

I want to take my friends there for dinner later. "

Li Tong immediately said, "Yes, no matter how good the business of Fayue Restaurant is, I have my own private space for my friends. You can come directly. I'll tell the manager, and you can directly tell the greeter your name when you arrive."

"Okay, thank you. I'll be right there."

Li Tong said with a smile, "You came to support me, so I should thank you. Don't be so polite. Come quickly."

Li Mu hung up the phone. Wang Xinran couldn't help asking, "Brother-in-law, where are you taking us to eat?"

Li Mu said, "Fayue Restaurant."

"Fayue Restaurant?"

Wang Xinran's eyes widened. She said, "Is it the Fayue Restaurant that you invited my parents to last time?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's the one."

Wang Xinran said hurriedly, "Oh, I heard that the food there is very expensive. Let's not go there."

Li Mu smiled. "Brother-in-law is rich. You don't have to worry about the price. Just eat."

Wang Xinran couldn't help laughing. She gave Li Mu a thumbs up. "Brother-in-law, you're so great."

Li Mu didn't talk to Wang Xinran about the Film Academy on the way. He occasionally joked with her. It could be seen that she was in a much better mood than when she first got in the car. Her eyebrows were also relaxed. Su Yingxue was also relieved.

After parking the car in front of Fayue Restaurant, Li Mu brought the two girls to the main entrance. The European beauty at the door immediately came up and asked, "Sir, do you have a reservation?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I called your boss."

The European beauty immediately understood and asked enthusiastically, "You are Mr. Lee Li Mu, right?"

"That's me."

The European beauty immediately bowed slightly and then made a gesture of invitation. She said, "Your seat has been reserved. It's on the second floor. Our boss said that you can order when you arrive, and he'll be here soon."

Su Yingxue had experienced this kind of thing once, so she was not surprised at all. But Wang Xinran was so shocked that she was speechless. She had heard from others that Fa Yue Restaurant was the most high-end western restaurant in Yan Jing, and the average cost per person was at least several thousand yuan. Moreover, ordinary people couldn't eat there even if they had the money. Because all the restaurants adopted the reservation system and didn't accept guests who came directly to the restaurant. She was already very surprised that Li Mu invited her to eat here. She didn't expect that her "brother-in-law" was so influential here that even the boss had to rush over when he came to eat.

There was a window seat on the second and third floor of Fayue Restaurant, which had the best view and position. Even regular customers couldn't reserve these two seats, because they were reserved by Li Tong. Only his friends could get these two seats, and he also requested that these two seats should not be casually served at any time. Even if there were many people, Li Tong would let these two seats be empty if no friends came.

This time, Li Tong arranged a window seat for Li Mu on the second floor, which was the same table as the one he had invited Su Yingxue's aunt and aunt last time.

After sitting down, the waiter brought the menu. Li Mu let Wang Xinran order first, but she didn't dare to order after flipping through the menu, because the price was too high. She felt guilty no matter what she ordered, so she said to Li Mu, "Brother-in-law, you order. I'll eat whatever you order."

Li Mu was helpless. He looked at Su Yingxue and said, "Why don't you order for Xinran?"

Su Yingxue nodded slightly and ordered some relatively affordable dishes.

Wang Xinran hadn't eaten or drunk for a whole day, so it was impossible for her to say that she wasn't hungry. Now that she felt a little better, she had an appetite. Plus, Fayue's western food was really impeccable, so she ate with great enthusiasm, as if she had turned her grief and anger into appetite.

Halfway through, Wang Xinran couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Brother-in-law, will you still make movies in the future?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes, but if I make movies again, I won't be a director anymore."

"Ah?"

Wang Xinran was quite happy when she heard the first half, but she was inevitably disappointed when she heard the second half. She asked, "Why don't you be a director?

You're so talented … "

Li Mu said, "I'm not a professional. I can barely make a micro movie, but I'll be exposed if I make a big movie. So I'm not going to be a director in the future. I'm going to be a producer."

Wang Xinran's hope was reignited when she heard this. "A producer has more power!

If you become a producer, can you arrange a role for me in a new movie?

I don't plan to enter the Film Academy in the future. I want to study hard for the next two months and try to get into the National People's Congress. But I've learned acting for so long, but I haven't had a formal performance yet. I don't want to give up just like that … "

Li Mu asked her, "Why don't you want to enter the Film Academy?"

Wang Xinran's expression flashed with a trace of loneliness. "The Film Academy is full of shady dealings. It's quite hurtful."

Li Mu nodded. It would be strange if the Film Academy didn't have shady dealings. Wang Xinran was a victim of shady dealings. Li Mu could understand her feelings. She woke up early every day to take professional lessons, and when she got in, she was squeezed out by her connections. No one would be able to accept that.

Then, Li Mu said, "There should be a campus youth movie this year. It's similar to 'Old Boys'. If the project starts, I'll definitely arrange a significant role for you."

When Li Mu and Ning Hao talked about the script of "Thief among Thieves" (Crazy Stone), he had the idea of shooting the movie "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years". He was going to arrange Du Wei to play the female lead, so that she could become a pillar for Makino Image. However, it didn't seem to be a problem for Wang Xinran to play the second female lead.

Wang Xinran heard Li Mu's clear answer and immediately became excited. She asked, "Really?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course, and this time it's not a micro movie. This time it's a big movie."

"That's great!"

Wang Xinran said excitedly, "Just arrange a role for me with a few lines. I'm satisfied to be able to play a role in a movie with lines."

Li Mu said, "It's estimated that this movie will be released in the second half of the year, just after the college entrance examination. You should prepare for the college entrance examination during this period. Maybe you can start shooting after the college entrance examination. However, you must work hard in the next two months. If you can't get into a good university and have to go back to study, I'm afraid you'll miss this movie."

Wang Xinran nodded hurriedly and said, "I will work hard!"

Su Yingxue smiled with relief and said, "It's good that you know to work hard. Don't just talk. Eat something more."

At this time, a group of four people came up the stairs and sat at a table next to Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran. Among the four people, there were three middle-aged men and a girl. The girl was about 18 or 19 years old. After these people sat down, a middle-aged woman greeted the waiter and at the same time, she said to the two middle-aged men and the woman in front of her, "Director Xu, Director Dan, please order first. This restaurant is the best western restaurant in Yan Jing, especially their sirloin steak. It's made of the best Japanese beef and tastes very good."

After the man and the woman in front of her looked at the price of the sirloin steak on the menu, they were secretly surprised. The middle-aged man said with a smile, "Ms. Zhang, you're too polite. We're friends. Why do we need to come to such a good restaurant? We're so sorry …"

The woman next to him also nodded and said, "Director Xu is right. We're all a little nervous to come to such a good restaurant for dinner …"

The middle-aged woman who was dressed coquettishly sitting opposite them said with a smile, "Listen to what you two are saying. It's just a meal. It's nothing. My husband is a VIP member here. It's like our own restaurant. You two have helped us so much and arranged for our Yueyue to be on the big list. Our Old Chen said that he wanted to thank you two personally, but he's now in Japan for a project and can't come back, so he told me to treat you two well. When he comes back from Japan, he'll treat you two alone."

The middle-aged man stroked his balding hair and said with a smile, "It's just a small matter. You don't have to be so polite. President Chen, you don't have to be so polite."

The dazzling woman said with a smile, "The child's business is the most important thing, so this matter is nothing in your eyes, but for our family, nothing is more important than this."

As she spoke, the woman stroked the back of the little girl next to her and said to the two of them, "You two, when the child enters school next year, he will need you to take care of him in school. Our Old Chen said that when the child is 20 years old, he will invest money to make a movie to help the child make his debut. At that time, some resources in this regard will need your help."

Originally, Li Mu was not in the mood to listen to their conversation, but when he heard that they would invest money to make a movie, he couldn't help but take a second look. When the man with the balding hair heard this, his eyes lit up with excitement. He nodded repeatedly and said, "Don't worry, we will do our best."

Wang Xinran also heard the conversation at the other table. After turning her head to take a look, her expression immediately became astonished.

Li Mu asked her, "Xinran, do you know them?"

Wang Xinran turned her head, and her expression suddenly became quite gloomy. She nodded slightly and said softly, "That girl is Chen Yueyue, my classmate in the acting training class at the Film Academy. The woman next to her is her mother. The man sitting opposite is the director of the admission office of the Film Academy, and the woman is the dean of the acting department."