Chapter 408

Li Mu asked Dong Ai to come up with a big financial aid plan as soon as possible, and then he would start to warm it up in the near future. The more time he had to warm it up, the higher the reputation it would bring.

There was no one who didn't fish for fame and compliments. Even the world's top billionaires who donated naked would not donate their money quietly. Li Mu was the same. He also wanted to gain more fame. Building a golden body was one thing, but more importantly, he needed to feel a sense of accomplishment to motivate himself to continue doing it.

Li Mu threw so many things at Dong Ai while she was preparing her graduation thesis. Dong Ai did not have the slightest dissatisfaction or complaint. Instead, she felt full of energy as if she had been injected with chicken blood. The treatment at 3321 was no worse than that of other companies, and she could also receive praise. To some extent, this was the most ideal job.

As time passed, YY's internal testing gradually deepened. There was no perfect product, and some deeply hidden bugs were discovered one after another. However, the Makino Technology's technical team had a very good attitude. They tried their best to find bugs, and when they found bugs, they immediately fixed them. They had respect for bugs, but never fear them. Li Mu also firmly believed that the more efficient and fast the polishing was, the more great the product would be. Every operating system in Microsoft had countless bugs, and new bugs were discovered almost every day. However, this still did not hinder the market share of the Windows operating system.

"Miracle MU" was really awesome now. Recently, almost all the industry topics on the Internet were related to it.

Because Li Mu had made a new leap in the promotion of "Miracle MU," he was no longer satisfied with the promotion ability of Tieba. Relying on the strong positive cash flow of Makino Technology, he lent Storm Entertainment 20 million in cash in the name of Makino Technology. The 20 million contract stated that the repayment period was one year, calculated according to the current ordinary commercial loan interest rate of ordinary banks.

Out of this twenty million, fifteen million would be used for marketing and the other five million would be used to add more servers. Li Mu said to the engineering department in charge of setting up the servers, "Don't just open a few or a dozen servers during the open beta. That's too small. Prepare more servers according to the highest standards in the online gaming industry. After the open beta starts, try to open a few new servers every day. Not only do we need to push [Miracle Mu] to the limit, we also need to set a new standard for the industry."

He had to show that he was willing to spend a lot of money on the infrastructure. This was especially important when he worked with Blizzard in the future.

As for the promotion, Storm Entertainment's marketing team not only bought advertising spots on all the platforms with high traffic on the Internet, they even invested a considerable amount of money in offline advertising.

Yan Jing, Shanghai, Yang Cheng, and Shenzhen City, these first-tier cities, all had advertisements for "Miracle Mu." The number of advertisements could almost be described as ferocious.

The few intersections with the most traffic in Zhongguancun, the flyovers, and the advertisements on the floors all had huge "Miracle MU" airbrushed on them. The cool 2.5D game graphics made every person who had ever played an online game feel intoxicated by it.

Storm Entertainment's big move also made its special background noticed by the public. When everyone knew that this company was actually inextricably linked to Makino Technology, everyone thought that "Miracle Mu" was the most important thing in the next stage of Makino Technology.

Because of this, in addition to the huge momentum of the "Miracle Mu" internal testing, which attracted almost everyone's attention, it brought an excellent cover effect to the internal testing of YY. Until now, there had been no news about YY in the market.

Since the last time he talked to Chen Ze about the concept of CSC, Chen Ze was deeply attracted by this huge plan.

These days, he had been using all kinds of connections. One was to buy land from the government at a low price, and the other was to use the race track in exchange for government support and subsidies.

However, his father, who was a high-ranking official in the ministry, rejected his idea. His father's meaning was very clear. First of all, he did not approve of him doing this kind of thing. But if he insisted, the family could also provide appropriate support. For example, his mother could openly provide help in terms of funds, but only limited to financial support, because his father could not provide other aspects of direct help, and could not help him clear the relationship with the Yan Jing City government.

In fact, in his opinion, if the race track wanted to get government support in the future, it would not be a big problem. After all, it was also a sports project, and with the support of international competitions, it could fill the gap in this area in Yan Jing.

However, Chen Ze absolutely could not try to ask for conditions from the government at the preparatory stage. Otherwise, it would be easy for people to make a big deal out of it. If he wanted to get government support at this early stage, once someone wanted to use it against him in the future, it would be very easy to smear him as borrowing a chicken to lay an egg, and getting something for nothing.

This directly cut off Chen Ze's original idea of using the government to buy land at a low cost. So the only thing he could do was to choose his own location, and after confirming the location, he could apply to the government.

Therefore, Li Mu was dragged by Chen Ze to find a suitable land in the Shunyi district where the airport was located.

In 2002, Shunyi could only be described as a poor and remote place. The average house price was less than three thousand, and because there was an airport, it was particularly functional. The community was relatively weak, so the cost of the land should not be high. But after the two drove around Shunyi for two days, they had the same feeling: tricky.

The reason for the tricky was also very simple. Shunyi's development had not yet started, and there were very few areas with convenient transportation. It was either the area closest to the city, or near the airport. Other places did have very large areas of open space and wasteland, but often there was not even a cement road. In the future, when the race track was built and the CSC Club was established, the members would have to drive supercars all the way from the city to the race track. Even if they did not require the entire journey to be high-speed, at least it had to be at the standard of a first-class highway. There was not enough space near the city to build a professional race track, so it seemed that they could only choose the area near the airport.

But there was another problem. There were more villages near the airport. If they wanted to get land near the airport, it must involve demolition work. Li Mu and Chen Ze were not good at real estate, and they did not know much about it. When they thought about the demolition work, they could not help but feel a headache.

The most annoying thing was that although the specific plan for Yanjing Airport's T3 Terminal had not been released yet, rumors were flying everywhere. It was said that Yanjing Airport would be expanded, and a new terminal would be built on the basis of the original T1 and T2 terminals to cope with the embarrassing situation of the airport being almost saturated. Everyone knew that the government wanted to finish it before the start of the Olympics, so it was calculated that the new terminal would start construction by 2014 at the latest.

Combining this time point, it was easy to deduce the time of the relocation. Generally, there would be at least a year before the start of the relocation work. Therefore, by the end of 2002 at the latest, the specific location plan would definitely be released, and the demolition negotiations would definitely start.

Therefore, all the villages around the airport were eagerly waiting for their houses to be demolished. There were all kinds of rumors about the construction of the new terminal. There were even more rumors about the location of Terminal T3. Some people said it should be in the east of the existing airport, some said it should be in the west, some said it should be in the north, and some said it should be in the south. Everyone had their own theoretical basis. Therefore, the villagers in the surrounding villages chatted in the fields and under the shade of trees at the entrance of the alleys every day. It was more likely that they would be demolished. They kept talking about it all day long.

Because the villagers around the airport now felt that the dream of demolition might come to them, every household was now waiting for the final news. If they wanted to get land around the airport at this time, the cost would be much higher than under normal circumstances.

For two consecutive days, they returned empty-handed every day. When the two of them were drinking and discussing the map in the SugarClub's private room, Li Mu voiced out his thoughts.

He felt that the cost of getting land near the Yanjing Airport now was too high because the planning plan for the new airport terminal had not been announced yet. The local villagers' psychological expectations were relatively high. If they really wanted to get land near the airport, they would have to wait until the terminal plan was announced. At that time, the villagers who were not included in the scope of the new terminal's demolition would immediately have their psychological costs plummet. If they talked about it at this time, there would be a lot of room for negotiation.

Chen Ze told Li Mu, "I've known about the location of T3 since a few months ago. It's in the southeast of T2, with a total of more than 20,000 mu of land. The demolition work will start in the second half of this year, and it will affect about eight to ten villages and more than 10,000 households. According to what you said, we'll have to wait at least two to three months. After that, the government should announce the location of T3."

As he said that, Chen Ze pursed his lips and said, "I don't want to wait that long. Think about it, do we have a better choice?"

Li Mu wanted to say that they could go outside the Sixth Ring Road to take a look, but he suddenly remembered that the Fifth Ring Road was not open to traffic yet, so it was even more unlikely that the Sixth Ring Road would be open to traffic. So he said, "We can also go a little further away from the airport. It won't be a problem within five kilometers, but it's best if it doesn't involve demolition. We're not in the business of commercial real estate. Demolition and resettlement is too troublesome, and neither of us are professionals."

Chen Ze nodded and took out a map of Beijing. He found the location of the airport and pointed to a waterway sign on the east side of the airport. He said, "Then let's go to the east side of the airport to take a look. There's a river to the east of the airport, and it's already beyond the range of the new terminal. Why don't we go take a look?"

Li Mu was very familiar with Beijing after 2010. He found the specific location of the future T3 on the map and found the location of the future Sixth Ring Road according to his memory. According to the scale, he roughly calculated the distance. Five to six kilometers southeast of the future T3 should be where the Sixth Ring Road would pass. The Sixth Ring Road would definitely connect with the airport. As long as the location of the future race track was near the connecting line, traffic would be much more convenient. A few kilometers further than the airport would not be a problem for drivers.

Li Mu used a pen to draw a large circle with a radius of about three kilometers on the map and said to Chen Ze, "Let's look around here."