Chapter 1567

Jorge Mendes came to the Manchester United home team's training ground in an excited mood. Cristiano Ronaldo had just scored a beautiful lob shot.

Jorge Mendes admired Cristiano Ronaldo's goal in his heart. This kid was indeed Portugal's favored one. He thought that only a senior and discerning scout and agent like himself could see through his superstar potential in advance. He did not expect that Li Mu, who could summon wind and rain in the Internet industry, also took a fancy to him.

At this time, Manchester United's legendary manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, also saw Cristiano Ronaldo's wonderful lob shot on the sidelines. He could not help but applaud on the sidelines and shouted, "Cristiano, this is a beautiful goal!

It's a beautiful goal! "

As he said so, Ferguson felt particularly fortunate in his heart.

In fact, even the astute Ferguson himself did not pay attention to the new star Cristiano Ronaldo. The reason why Cristiano Ronaldo could come to Manchester United from Sporting Lisbon was all because of the middleman, Jorge Mendes, who added fuel to the fire.

To put it bluntly, Jorge Mendes was like a pimp with the best connections and resources in the football industry. He could not only find the best beauties, but most importantly, he could also find the richest and most generous bosses.

This also meant that a star player could be sold for the highest value in his hands.

Otherwise, it was very likely that a nine-point beauty could only be reduced to living in a bath center in a fifth-tier city, while an eight-point beauty could enter a luxurious place like Heaven on Earth with a value ten times or even dozens of times.

Sometimes, strength was not the only deciding factor. Opportunities and platforms were. No one knew how many talented players in the world had directly ended their careers in third-rate clubs. No one knew that the fat man holding a beer and watching the game in a bar on the streets of London or Berlin originally had the strength to become a top superstar.

As Ferguson increasingly felt that Cristiano Ronaldo's talent was great, he increasingly found that Jorge Mendes was indeed extraordinary. At the same time, he was also glad that he had sent such a bright new star to his team.

On the side, a young man dressed in gorgeous clothes with a cold expression crossed his arms and looked at Cristiano Ronaldo running on the field. He asked Ferguson, "Is this the boy wonder you mentioned?"

Ferguson nodded and said, "Mr. McMillan, this young man is very good. If he is given another three to five years, he is likely to become the world's top player."

The young man who spoke was George McMillan, who was beaten up by Li Mu at the Goldberg family salon a few days ago.

George McMillan himself was a playboy and a football enthusiast. Tomorrow was Manchester United's first game of the season, so he made a special trip to see the team's training.

In the past few days, George McMillan had heard that Ferguson had acquired a talented player, so he deliberately came over to take a look.

Cristiano Ronaldo's performance on the field was indeed commendable, but George McMillan was not sure if he had the potential to become a superstar. However, he actually had another matter to explain to Ferguson this time.

So, he asked Ferguson, "By the way, the young player surnamed Dong, who was brought in from Hua Xia last time. What stage is he at now?"

Ferguson thought about it and said, "That player is really good. We have basically confirmed that we want him. His current club is also willing to release him, but it's just a matter of price. Now we have basically reached an agreement. We are going to sign him in January next year."

George McMillan nodded and blurted out, "Sign him as soon as possible."

Ferguson did not understand why George McMillan was so concerned about a young player from Hua Xia, so he said, "We are still carrying out routine price negotiations with them, mainly hoping to lower the other party's offer."

George McMillan asked, "How much does the other party want?"

"It's currently 4.5 million pounds, paid in full."

George McMillan asked again, "What's your target price?"

"3.5 million pounds, paid in installments."

George McMillan waved his hand and said, "It's not much different. Agree to them. It's best to bring him in as soon as possible."

Ferguson was even more surprised and blurted out, "Mr. McMillan, what are your plans for bringing him in so urgently?

His work permit can't be resolved in a short time. Even if he joins now, he can only be loaned to other leagues first. "

George McMillan sneered and said, "Sign him and give him a contract for at least five years. Then set the liquidated damages as high as possible. After he signs the contract, loan him to Antwerp. Let him go to Antwerp and sit on the bench for five years!"

Ferguson's hair stood on end when he heard that. Was George McMillan trying to hide Dong Fangzhuoxue?

How had this Hua Xia player, who had never been to the United Kingdom, provoked George McMillan to the point that he had come up with such a vicious plan?

If a professional player could only sit on the club's bench during his golden period, and possibly for five years, then his career would be completely over.

No one would pay attention to the strength of a bench player. Even if they wanted to, there was no chance. Therefore, once such a player was pressed on the bench, it would be difficult for other teams to be interested in him. Even if they were interested, once they knew the high liquidated damages, they would definitely retreat. At that time, the player would be like a brothel girl who had no money to redeem herself. She could only spend her time in the brothel.

How much hatred did George McMillan have for Dong Fangzhuoxue to give him such a vicious idea?

Before Ferguson could ask what was going on, George McMillan said coldly, "Sir, I hope everything can be settled before the summer transfer window closes."

Ferguson was about to speak when George McMillan spoke first. "Remember what I just said. Get him here as soon as possible!"

With that, George McMillan lifted his leg and walked away.

Ferguson looked at his back and shook his head helplessly with a sigh.

Although he had a great influence at Manchester United, that was under normal circumstances. Once the McMillan family intervened, it would be an abnormal situation. Even he could not disobey the McMillan family's orders.

It seemed that he could only contact Hua Xia's side as soon as possible to satisfy their demands and get them to agree to the contract as soon as possible.

Watching George McMillan's figure leave the field, Ferguson suddenly caught a glimpse of Jorge Mendes on the sidelines. A smile appeared on his face as he waved to him and said, "Hey, Jorge!"

Jorge Mendes saw Ferguson waving at him, so he waved back and stepped toward him.

He knew that he had to get Ferguson's approval to take Cristiano Ronaldo away from the training ground.

So, he stepped in front of Ferguson and said with a smile, "Good afternoon, Sir Ferguson."

Ferguson asked with a smile, "How come you have time to come here?"

Jorge Mendes smiled and said, "I'm looking for Cristiano Ronaldo."

"Looking for him?" Ferguson asked in surprise, "You're looking for him?"

Ferguson was a little surprised and also a little puzzled. Although Jorge Mendes sold Cristiano Ronaldo to him, he felt that it was a little strange for him to come looking for Cristiano Ronaldo since the deal had been made.

Jorge Mendes also knew that Ferguson was suspicious, so he said with a smile, "I have signed a few young players from Portugal and want to send them to the Premier League. Cristiano Ronaldo happens to be the best of the young Portuguese players, so I want to ask him to come over for a meal and impart some experience to these newcomers and give them a little encouragement."

Ferguson asked curiously, "Young Portuguese players?

Do you have any suitable ones to introduce me? "

Jorge Mendes said flatteringly, "Sir Ferguson, Your Excellency's team is the best in the world. How can I have so many players who meet Your Excellency's requirements?

The players who came this time are some of the more average young players, who are basically ready to be sent to second-rate clubs. "

Ferguson laughed and nodded after a few compliments. He would not be interested if it was an average player.

Jorge Mendes looked at the time and said to Ferguson with a smile, "Sir Ferguson, if it's convenient, I'd like to take Cristiano Ronaldo away for a while. It won't be too long, about two hours. What do you think, sir?"

Ferguson said, "Tomorrow is the opening game of our season. I'm going to let Cristiano Ronaldo come on as a second-half substitute to get a feel for it, so today's training is very important for him."

Jorge Mendes continued to flatter and said, "Sir Ferguson, Manchester United will definitely win tomorrow's game even without Cristiano Ronaldo. He's new here, so you don't have to put too much pressure on him. It'll be easier for him to play beyond his standard."

Ferguson nodded. In fact, Cristiano Ronaldo's form tomorrow was really not important to him. Tomorrow's game was a piece of cake for Manchester United. Even if Cristiano Ronaldo were to play, it would only be around the 80th minute. He would come on as a substitute to meet the Premier League audience in advance. Therefore, it was enough for him to maintain his best form. There was no need to put too much pressure on him.

What's more, Jorge Mendes was a high-quality "supplier" in the football market. Ferguson did not want to sour his relationship with him, so he was ready to do him a favor at little cost.

Then, Ferguson shouted at the field, "Hey, Cristiano!

Come here! "

Cristiano Ronaldo, who was communicating with his teammates to pass the ball, heard the manager calling him. He hurriedly passed the ball to his teammates and came to the sidelines.

When he came over, he also saw Jorge Mendes next to Ferguson. Jorge Mendes was his agent, but under normal circumstances, there was no reason for him to come to the team to look for him, which made Cristiano Ronaldo a little surprised.

When he came to the sidelines, Cristiano Ronaldo greeted Ferguson and Jorge Mendes respectively. Ferguson pointed to Jorge Mendes and said to Cristiano Ronaldo, "Jorge is looking for you. You go with him first."

Cristiano Ronaldo nodded gently and did not ask why. Jorge Mendes came up to put his arm around his shoulder and said with a smile, "Come on, let's go to my place to meet a few Portuguese players."

"Portuguese players?

Are they new? "Cristiano Ronaldo was interested as soon as he came down.

Playing alone in the Premier League, and at a club he had just joined, Cristiano Ronaldo also felt very lonely. Suddenly hearing that Jorge Mendes had a few Portuguese players, he immediately became excited. In any case, a fellow countryman was always closer than a stranger.

So, Cristiano Ronaldo packed his training bag and walked out of the training ground with Jorge Mendes.

Out of the training ground, the two men walked together to the locker room. Cristiano Ronaldo turned his head and asked Jorge Mendes, "Which teams did the new Portuguese players sign with?"

Jorge Mendes waved his hand and smiled. "There are no Portuguese players at all. I deliberately said that to deceive Ferguson."

"What?"

Cristiano Ronaldo looked puzzled and asked, "Why did you lie to Sir Alex?

What are we going to do? "

Jorge Mendes did not directly answer his question, but looked at him and said very seriously, "Cristiano, at all times, you should be of one mind with your agent, not your manager. Believe me, only the agent is the one who wants you the most. The manager is not even in the top five."

Cristiano Ronaldo nodded repeatedly and said, "Mr. Mendes, I am very clear about this and have always kept it in mind. I just have some respect for Sir Ferguson and feel that we should not deceive him. That's all. After all, he is a knight awarded by the Queen."

Jorge Mendes sneered and asked, "Do you know what level Ferguson is?"

"Of course."

Cristiano Ronaldo nodded and said, "Sir Ferguson was awarded the KBE by the Queen herself."

Although Cristiano Ronaldo was Portuguese, the whole of Europe was very clear about the British royal family and the way the Queen awarded the medal.

Jorge Mendes smiled and said, "I will take you to see a person of a higher level than him. I will take you to see a god who was awarded the GBE."

Cristiano Ronaldo asked in surprise, "Who the hell is it?

I have been confused by you. "