Chapter 13

At seven in the morning, Li Mu was woken up by his parents.

Yesterday, he worked hard until five in the afternoon and the Stoneware Overlord was almost 50% complete.

After having dinner at home, he slept like a log.

Fortunately, he was still young and healthy, far from the sub-healthy state of his previous life. Li Mu was full of energy after a night's sleep.

At eight fifty in the morning, Li Mu took the bus to Haizhou City's No.1 Middle School. The mountain bike that Chen Wan gave him was too eye-catching, so he didn't want to ride it to school.

The teacher had informed him that the grades would be evaluated at nine, so most of the students in the class had already arrived.

Li Mu's appearance caused quite a stir in Grade 12 Class 7. There was no other reason. After not seeing him for a few days, he had transformed into a cool and handsome guy. It really made the boys jealous and the girls scream.

As soon as Li Mu entered the door, he didn't care about the surprised gazes around him. Instead, he subconsciously looked for a figure.

In his three years of high school, the one that left the deepest impression on Li Mu was the class belle, Su Yingxue. Almost all of his adolescent fantasies were pinned on this extraordinary girl.

In the whole of Grade 12, there were countless boys pursuing Su Yingxue. They were from the same class, the same grade, the other grades of the school, other schools, and the society.

This girl was like her name, as pure as snow. She didn't care about anyone's pursuit. If it wasn't for her father being the Deputy Chief of Haizhou City's Public Security Bureau, she would have been harassed by countless people.

In his previous life, Li Mu had always had a crush on Su Yingxue. He wrote at least seven or eight love letters to Su Yingxue. However, he was a coward and didn't send any of them out. After writing one, he would throw it in his bag. After hesitating for a week, he would find a secluded place and tear it into pieces.

After his rebirth, Li Mu had long lost his obsession with Su Yingxue. He just wanted to see what the person who kept his boyish feelings looked like now.

After looking around, Li Mu finally saw Su Yingxue sitting in the middle of the classroom.

A ponytail and a dress. It was almost the purest outfit for an 18-year-old girl. When Li Mu saw Su Yingxue's face when she lowered her head, he knew that his taste in the past was not fake. Even if he looked at the current Su Yingxue with the eyes of an uncle 15 years later, she was still perfect.

At this age, Su Yingxue seemed to have a pure aura around her. Fashion or old-fashioned had nothing to do with her. She had a unique temperament. Li Mu stood there and thought for a long time. Two words came to his mind: pure and holy.

Or maybe it was because he had seen too many beauties in the beauty industry in his previous life. He had also seen too many people who put on a pretentious facade. Therefore, the moment he saw Su Yingxue again, the word "pure" was engraved in his mind.

Among the 18-year-old boys, no one dared to stare at a girl with such a direct and scorching gaze. The gangsters in the society might do it, but their scorching gaze was more out of instinct. Only Li Mu's gaze was out of appreciation.

Also feeling this kind of strange gaze, Su Yingxue suddenly raised her head. Her eyes looked at Li Mu and was stunned for about a second.

After a second, Li Mu did not act like he did during his three years in high school. He did not dodge Su Yingxue's gaze the moment their eyes met. Instead, he continued to stare at her with that burning gaze.

After being classmates with Li Mu for three years, this was the first time that Su Yingxue was defeated in a gaze.

She sensed the strangeness in Li Mu's gaze. Seeing his aggressive gaze, she could not help but lower her eyelids.

Li Mu pursed his lips. This fairy-like girl actually still made his heart beat faster in this life.

It could be said that she was really a peach with a dazzling brilliance!

In his previous life, Li Mu performed badly in the college entrance examination and was admitted to a second-tier university in the province. On the other hand, Su Yingxue was admitted to Beijing's Renmin University and studied finance there. After Li Mu graduated from university, he decisively packed his luggage and went to Beijing to find a job. On the one hand, it was because of the rapid development of the internet in Beijing. On the other hand, he also hoped to be closer to Su Yingxue.

However, he did not expect that as soon as he found a job in Beijing, he would find out that Su Yingxue had been admitted to Wharton Business School to study an MBA and went to the United States to study.

Li Mu looked up the information of Wharton Business School. After learning that it had the world's top MBA program, he no longer had extravagant hopes for Su Yingxue.

After receiving her master's degree from Wharton, Su Yingxue stayed in the United States to work. When she returned to China in 2012, she was already a senior director of a multinational company in the United States, Hua Xia Region. According to her classmates, her annual salary was 800,000 USD.

Although they were both in Beijing, Li Mu did not hesitate to give up the idea of meeting Su Yingxue. Beijing was indeed too big for the two of them to meet by chance.

In 2013, Su Yingxue got married in the United States. Li Mu heard that Su Yingxue's wedding in the United States was very romantic. The groom was a Chinese-American and a famous fashion designer in the United States. After the two got married, Su Yingxue immediately returned to China to continue working, while the groom was busy establishing his own brand in the United States.

During the Spring Festival of 2016, Li Mu attended the fifteen-year graduation party of his high school classmates. Su Yingxue did not attend, but he heard from his classmates that Su Yingxue had been married for a reason. Her husband was a famous designer in the United States, and he was also a famous gay man. Su Yingxue knew it before the marriage, but she was willing to do it. It seemed that she also got married to deal with her family. After the marriage, she devoted herself to her career, and it seemed that love was dispensable to her.

When Li Mu learned all this, he did not know whether he should sympathize with Su Yingxue or give her a thumbs up. Since high school, he felt that this girl lived more clearly than her peers. He vaguely felt that being a successful career woman was the path that Su Yingxue had planned for herself.

In this life, Su Yingxue should still go to Renmin University, and then study abroad according to the established route, right?

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders and thought to himself, I and Su Yingxue are people from two different worlds. Once the college entrance examination is over, their lives will evolve into two parallel lines that will never intersect.

Standing in the classroom, Li Mu forgot his seat, but he remembered that it was his deskmate in Year 3. With a glance, he saw his deskmate and bad friend, Hu Guoran, and then sat down in front of him.

Just as he sat down, Hu Guoran elbowed Li Mu. "You're not bad, kid. You just finished the exam and you're already doing this. Where did you get your hair cut? Introduce me to try it. Oh right, did you put mousse on your head?"

Li Mu laughed. "With that big donkey face of yours, do you really think it's appropriate to have this kind of hairstyle that's short on the sides and long on the top?"

"F * ck, you're right."

Hu Guoran touched his chin that was similar to Li Yong's. He sighed and asked, "How was your performance in the exam?"

"Not bad. What about you?"

Hu Guoran chuckled. "It should be no problem for one university. You should be fine too, right?

How about we go to the Provincial Technology University together? "

Li Mu did not say anything. He could not help but glance at Su Yingxue who was diagonally in front of him.

Hu Guoran's eyes were very sharp, and he could see through Li Mu's actions. He lowered his voice and said in a persuasive tone, "Don't blame me for not reminding you. Su Yingxue will definitely go to Renmin University. She already made a great decision in her first year of high school, and she will definitely be able to leave. For people like us, it's better for us to go to a university in the province."

"Mhm." Li Mu nodded subconsciously.

Three seconds later, Li Mu realized that something was wrong. He slammed the table and asked, "Why?"

Li Mu's reaction was a little overboard. Many students in the class, including Su Yingxue, turned to look at him subconsciously.

Li Mu did not realize that he was being stared at by so many people. He only had a look of realization on his face and said excitedly, "Damn, if I can score 130 in English, I will have a chance to go to Renmin University!"

The whole class burst into laughter when they heard this.

They were all classmates, and everyone knew each other.

Li Mu was famous for his English, and his homeroom teacher and English teacher had been worried about him. This year's English exam was a little difficult, especially for listening and reading comprehension. There were many words and grammar that were beyond the textbook. They thought that Li Mu could burn incense and burn incense if he could score 90.

Li Mu did not expect that he would accidentally make the whole class laugh at him. As a person in his thirties, he could not help but feel embarrassed and kept quiet.