Chapter 958

For the ministry, the process of how Li Mu solved the case was indeed worth popularizing in the police system. They called on the comrades of the criminal investigation department to learn and think about it, and to sum up the relevant experience.

However, what really made them break out in a cold sweat was the huge crisis contained in the case itself.

If something happened to Wei Lan, the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau would inevitably lose face, and the ministry would definitely suffer a lot of negative impact.

But fortunately, the case was solved, the hostages were safe, and the kidnappers were all arrested, so the main leader of the ministry was just a false alarm.

Although Gu Jianghe also had the rank of deputy minister in the ministry, compared to the six or seven officials of the same level, he was only a nominal position. His ranking in the ministry was also relatively low, and his influence was also a few levels lower. So this time, when he personally came to the ministry to report, he was also nervous that he would be blamed because of the case.

Fortunately, the leader of the ministry was open-minded. He only verbally reminded Gu Jianghe and said, "Director Gu, you are the head of the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau, and the social security of the entire Beijing is under your jurisdiction. Although this case was an unexpected incident, it is also a warning. You still have a long way to go to strengthen the city's security."

As he said that, the head sighed lightly and said, "Fortunately, Li Mu helped you quickly lock the location of the suspect. Otherwise, once the hostages are killed, and the municipal criminal police have to rely on the corpse to find clues, then your responsibility will be great."

Gu Jianghe nodded repeatedly and said, "You are right. I haven't done enough in the social security work of Beijing. Next, I will definitely find a way to quickly strengthen this area of work. Please rest assured, leader."

The head nodded and said to the deputy next to him, "You don't say, this Li Mu really knows how to stir up trouble. Isn't the Taobao 929 that was mentioned everywhere in the news today because of him?

I didn't expect this kid to create more than 8 billion in sales a day, and also help the municipal public security bureau to solve a case. He really is not a simple person. "

The deputy said with a smile, "Leader, Li Mu is indeed not simple. This is a kid that even the senior boss praised. However, in my opinion, our department should try not to deal with him in the future. This kid has too much attention. Once we really deal with him, nothing good will come out of it …"

The deputy's worry was not unreasonable. Under normal circumstances, Li Mu's business and career would not have any direct contact with the public security department, so once he came into contact with the public security department, he would basically be involved. Whether it was a civil case or a criminal case, once a celebrity was involved, it would be a huge thing for the public security department.

If a celebrity broke the law, the public security department would be under a lot of pressure. If a celebrity's rights and interests were trampled by others, the public security department would also be under a lot of pressure. If a celebrity's personal safety was illegally threatened, then the public security department would be under even more pressure. A person like Li Mu could be said to be the only one in the country. He had money and social influence. Moreover, because of the support of 3321, his social recognition was also frighteningly high. If something really happened to him and he was involved with the public security, then the ministry would have a headache.

The head of the department quite agreed with his words and said with a smile, "If you want to say that, I completely agree. What I'm most afraid of is Li Mu getting in touch with the public security department. The hit-and-run incident last time is the best example."

Gu Jianghe could not help but say, "Leader, it may not be long before we really have to deal with Li Mu more."

Several people asked him at the same time, "What kind of dealings with Li Mu?"

Gu Jianghe hurriedly said, "Don't worry, this is a completely positive interaction."

"What kind of positive interaction do we have with Li Mu?"

Gu Jianghe said, "When Wei Lan was kidnapped, Li Mu proposed an idea. He wants to use Makino Technology to develop a set of Skynet surveillance system to enhance the management of domestic urban security."

"Skynet surveillance system?"

When the head of the department heard this, he instantly became interested. He could not help but straighten up and ask him, "What's the specific situation? Tell me about it."

Gu Jianghe said, "Li Mu's idea is to develop a set of surveillance system that covers the public areas of the city through the combination of hardware and software, ensuring that most of the public areas of the city are covered by surveillance cameras 24 hours a day. In this way, the most direct benefit is that the efficiency of urban crime detection will be greatly improved, and there will be more long-term benefits. At the very least, the deterrent to criminals and potential criminals will be greatly increased."

When this was said, everyone was so surprised that they could not speak.

The concept of the Skynet surveillance system was really put forward for several years. Even the Ministry had not really formed the idea of solving the problem of urban surveillance according to a set of standards and a set of systematic modularization methods.

Li Mu's idea, fundamentally speaking, was very attractive to the public security department. Almost all the public security departments, from the head of the Ministry to the police, knew the importance of urban surveillance, and they also knew that the more surveillance in the city, the better. But the most embarrassing thing was that the Ministry wanted to solve this problem, but they did not have the ability to solve it.

In the past, the Ministry hoped that the crime rate in the areas under its jurisdiction would decrease and the crime detection rate increase. However, this was only a general requirement of the higher-level units to the lower-level units. The higher-level units put forward the requirements and then waited to see the results. They rarely interfered with the specific methods used by the lower-level units.

Moreover, the reason why the problem of urban surveillance had not been studied in depth was that this problem would have a certain conflict with the functions of the local government.

In terms of the dimension of delineation of boundaries, urban surveillance should first be regarded as the construction of the local government's municipal facilities. Installing a few cameras in the city was the same as building more green belts in the city, and installing a few more road lights in the city. First of all, it had to be under the jurisdiction of the local government. The Ministry had no influence on the local government, but only on the local public security bureau. Moreover, this influence was only in the work itself, and could not rise to the height of the construction of municipal facilities.

In addition, in the dimension of money, there was no doubt that the problem of who would pay for it must be clearly defined. The public security department did not have financial income, and even the budget of the local public security organs was not decided by the Ministry, but reflected in the financial budget of the local people's government at the county level or above. Therefore, this money also had to be paid by the local government.

In summary, not to mention that the Ministry did not have the idea of large-scale urban surveillance before, even if it had, it was basically impossible to implement it. The Ministry had no influence on the local governments. If the local governments did not pay for it, even if they came up with a clear solution, it would not be implemented.

However, if it was Li Mu who did it, it would be different.

Li Mu's social influence was very great, and the social influence of Makino Technology and Taobao was also extraordinary, especially Makino Technology, which was currently the largest online media in China, and its information delivery ability was extremely strong.

For a person like Li Mu, the local governments would never ignore him. If his company really developed a set of system that could solve the daily urban surveillance, then through the influence of him and his company, the local governments would be more enthusiastic to follow suit.

But that would only increase their enthusiasm. Whether they were willing to pay for it was another matter.

The second-in-command was particularly interested and said, "I think the concept of a surveillance system is very good, but the most important thing is whether Li Mu has a way to integrate the hardware and software, and whether there is a way to reduce the cost.

Nowadays, the purchase cost of surveillance equipment is very high. The purchase price of any camera can reach four digits. In addition, the cost of the matching storage system is also very high. I am afraid that it will bring a lot of pressure to the local finance. "

The first-in-command nodded and said, "The idea is indeed good, but Li Mu now only has a preliminary concept. There is no specific plan yet. How to solve the specific hardware, how to reduce the cost, how to match the software, how to enhance the stability, how to manage the data, what logic to use for storage and retrieval, and even how to integrate the existing surveillance equipment in the cities. These are all problems that need to be considered clearly."

As he said that, he sighed again and continued, "Especially now that the various surveillance systems in the city are complicated. The traffic police have a set of surveillance systems, the stations and airports have a set of surveillance systems, the banks have a set of surveillance systems, and individual enterprises have a set of surveillance systems. Does Li Mu have any good way to integrate these existing systems together?

If Li Mu can't solve these problems, this system won't be very attractive to the local governments. If Li Mu can solve these problems, then I'll help him put this system on the ground in all the cities, even if I have to sacrifice my dignity. "

Gu Jianghe said, "Li Mu promised to come up with a set of plans first, and then submit it to the Yan Jing Municipal Committee through me to see what the Municipal Committee thinks."

The first-in-command nodded, thought for a moment, and said, "How about this, don't let Li Mu communicate with the Yan Jing Municipal Committee first. The Yan Jing Municipal Committee is only one of so many local governments in the country, and it will still be a little difficult for them to support the whole solution."

As he said that, he added, "How about this, if the plan comes out, try to let him bring it to the Ministry first. I will then gather some relevant experts from the Ministry to discuss it together. If Li Mu's plan is okay and feasible, then our Ministry can directly grant him a research and development fund and let him do it. When he comes up with it, we will help him sell it to the local governments. If it doesn't work, we can also pass the plan to the higher-ups and let them decide and pressure the local governments."

Gu Jianghe said without hesitation, "Then I will find a chance to communicate with Li Mu again."