Chapter 472

Originally, QQ could have been based on instant messaging and developed into an Internet empire step by step.

Originally, QQ could have soared in the era brought about by the mobile Internet and become the king of instant messaging platforms with QQ and WeChat.

Originally, QQ could have created a legend and reached the top of Asia in 2016 with a market value of two trillion Hong Kong dollars.

However, Li Mu came.

After Li Mu's rebirth, at the very least, the original development trajectory of the domestic Internet market would be completely disrupted. Take QQ for example. When Li Mu founded Yi Ting, he had already begun to prepare for a "battle to seize the base" against QQ. After several rounds of attacks until today, YY Gaming Platform could be considered to have completely nailed QQ to the year 2002. It was nailed to the point where it should have risen rapidly. From then on, QQ might still be able to survive and continue to provide services, but its user base would fall to a freezing point. From then on, QQ would no longer be a threat.

In this era, Li Mu was the person in the world who understood Teng Xun the best. He was also the person who understood QQ the best. Even Boss Ma was still feeling the stones to cross the river, but he was very clear about Teng Xun's routine. The huge user base was the core foundation for the success of all its subsequent products. Once it lost the user base, Teng Xun would lose everything.

At this moment, Boss Ma was completely discouraged.

He knew that it was too late for him to catch up. The sharp knife of Makino Technology had already pierced into Teng Xun's heart. Even if it was still beating, no one could save it from certain death.

Dean saw Boss Ma's dejected face as if he had used up all his energy. He could not help but persuade him. "QQ is dead, but Teng Xun is still here. If we adjust in time, we might still be able to transform. However, if we delay any longer, not only will QQ die, but Teng Xun will also die. You know, labor costs, servers, bandwidth, and basic operating costs are all huge expenses. The funds on the books won't last long, and it's basically impossible to get financing now."

As he spoke, Dean continued, "If I report the current situation to the headquarters, they will definitely lose confidence in QQ. However, they have never lost confidence in you. From the very beginning, we firmly believed that you could achieve something great. Therefore, you can't be dispirited now. You have to carefully consider a problem. If you decisively give up on continuing to develop QQ now, stop investing in QQ, and carry out another round of layoffs, then with the remaining funds on the books and the remaining team, it would be enough for you to start a new project. However, if you insist on spending everything on QQ, I'm afraid the headquarters will lose confidence in you."

Boss Ma nodded lightly and sighed. "There's an old saying in Hua Xia, 'Since there's a Yu, why should there be a Liang?' In the past, I thought that Zhou Yu's mentality was not right, he was overly jealous, and he did not find his own position. Today, I truly understand how he felt at that time. He should be like me now, being surpassed and crushed by his opponents at every stage, unable to withstand a single blow from his opponents …"

Dean listened in a daze, but he also knew that Boss Ma was feeling very down. Therefore, he did not say anything and only patted Boss Ma's shoulder lightly.

Boss Ma sighed again and said to Dean, "Give me a few more days to think about it. Even if I have to stop developing QQ games, I can't let QQ go offline. I have to let it exist, even if it's just to linger on."

Dean nodded and said, "I don't mean that we have to stop the service, but we should stop investing a large amount of funds and energy. Instead, we should focus most of our funds and energy on other areas and avoid Makino Technology. Perhaps we can still find a chance to turn things around."

Just as Boss Ma was sighing about how there was a Yu, the momentum of the YY gaming lobby was already unstoppable!

Half an hour after the YY gaming lobby and the YY National Dou Dizhu Tournament went online, the number of participants in the tournament exceeded one million.

It was the first time there was such a carnival event on the Internet. There were many prizes to be won while playing the game, so the attention of the netizens in the country was almost entirely focused on the YY gaming lobby and the Dou Dizhu Tournament.

Because there were cell phones to be won every hour, the netizens who were online almost threw everything else aside and focused wholeheartedly on the tournament. The appeal of winning a cell phone in the tournament was even greater than Boss Ma's one-yuan insta-kill in Alibaba. That was because there was only one insta-kill product, and one could only rely on speed and luck. On the other hand, the tournament was about ability. As long as one played well, there was a chance to overcome all obstacles and finally win a cell phone. Moreover, it did not matter even if one did not play well. They could slowly practice and familiarize themselves with it. There were fifteen days!

1080 cell phones!

With such a high chance, it was definitely worth working hard!

Moreover, even if they could not win a cell phone, there was no loss. Perhaps they could even win YY coins and Happy Beans.

An hour later, the first round of the championship officially started. At that time, the number of online players in the YY gaming lobby had exceeded two million.

That number seemed shocking, but the number of online players in the YY gaming lobby had already exceeded five million.

The number of players in the game was still increasing!

Kong Lingyu said to Li Mu, "Boss, from the looks of it, we can produce about ten thousand champions every hour, but there are only three hundred slots for the championship every hour. It's far from enough …"

Li Mu waved his hand. "Don't worry about it. Let the users fight for it themselves."

Back then, Boss Ma let millions of people fight for a laptop. He was much kinder than him!

Putting aside the appeal of the tournament, just the YY gaming lobby itself was very attractive to the users.

Casual games had always been an entertainment item that people often played after meals or during gatherings with friends. Therefore, the netizens were able to pick up the game very quickly. Coupled with the unimaginable experience of the YY gaming lobby, most users were quite satisfied.

The reason why Li Mu organized the tournament was to focus on fifteen days of time and quickly cultivate the user's loyalty. That way, once the tournament was over and the game officially started operating, the users would develop a strong reliance on it. That way, they would want to come in and play for a while when they had a little free time. As long as this goal was achieved, the goal of occupying the users' fragmented time would also be achieved. The YY gaming lobby would naturally become an indispensable part of the users' online lives.

The actual situation was also developing in the direction that Li Mu had predicted. The enthusiasm of the users even exceeded his previous expectations.

At nine o 'clock, the championship officially began.

Many people did not manage to squeeze into the championship. Other than feeling regretful, they did not suffer in vain. That was because they received 50 YY coins and a championship medal. 50 YY coins were equivalent to 50 yuan in the YY system. They could be used to purchase membership services, YY shows, Happy Farm props, YY space decorations, YY pet props, and could even be used to exchange for Happy Beans to play games in the future. In short, there were many uses for it and it was very attractive to the users.

Those who didn't make it to the championship round were busy with a new round of single matches. Meanwhile, the matches in the championship round were also in full swing.

After about an hour of competition, the first champion of the YY National Dou Dizhu Tournament was born. At the same time, the runner-up and third runner-up were also born. The customer service staff immediately contacted the three winners and obtained their personal information and addresses. They then blurred their personal information to a certain extent and scrolled through the gaming lobby's banner.

The first wave of three mobile phones was distributed!

The netizens were greatly encouraged and continued to immerse themselves in the fierce battle.

The head of the marketing department began assigning tasks. From today onwards until 12 o 'clock the day after tomorrow, the staff of the marketing department had to calculate the geological statistics of all the users who had won the first, second, and third prizes during this period, and then divide them according to the major regions of East China, Central China, South China, West China, and North China. They also had to plan a route that was as convenient as possible. When the time came, the marketing department would send out five prize distribution teams to these five regions and distribute the prizes according to the planned route. At that time, each team would also be accompanied by a accompanying photographer to take pictures and bring back first-hand video materials for the second wave of publicity.

This was not Li Mu's idea. Li Mu did not like to torture his own employees like this. This was the idea of the marketing department himself. He felt that for the netizens, even if they participated, as long as they did not win the prize, they would more or less suspect that there was something fishy or shady going on. However, if this method was adopted, not only would it dispel the doubts of a large number of users, it would also bring a certain boost to the company's image. This was because this kind of behavior that came from thousands of miles away to distribute the prizes was simply too considerate and responsible.

The marketing department had operational KPIs. In the future, they would also be responsible for the marketing and marketing of the YY gaming platform. Therefore, this suggestion was also a promotion for their own work. Li Mu did not refuse. Since the leaders and employees of the marketing department wanted to do this, he went with the flow and agreed. It was nothing more than an increase in operating costs. Now that Makino Technology had an abundant positive cash flow, Li Mu did not have to put in any effort to save money on operating costs. As long as the money was worth it, he would definitely spend it.

Just as the Dou Dizhu competition held in the YY gaming hall set off a national craze for Dou Dizhu, Lianzhong was as desperate as Teng Xun.

Lianzhong had always felt that it was the overlord of a niche. It had been developing in this field without any threat. At the beginning, it was always worried that competitors would fight to the death. Along the way, it had developed into a behemoth in the online casual gaming platform. Therefore, it had never thought that any opponent would be able to cause an impact on them in a short period of time. Therefore, they were immersed in their own relaxed and optimistic momentum of development. They were happy and content, and did not care about the news in the big Internet environment.

In addition, after Haihong Holdings led Lianzhong, there had always been conflicts with the Lianzhong team. Moreover, they did not understand the needs of users, so the team's morale had long been lax. It was only in the absence of competitors that everything seemed so strong, but no one knew that at this time, Lianzhong was already strong on the outside but weak on the inside.

Therefore, the sudden launch of Makino Technology's YY gaming platform almost immediately had a drastic effect on Lianzhong.

The maintenance staff of Lianzhong found that as soon as eight o 'clock arrived, their platform's users rapidly disappeared. In an hour, the number of online users dropped from 260,000 to less than 30,000. This was a signal that signaled the end of the world.