Chapter 1672

At this time, in Roland Mass's eyes, Li Mu had become a bandit with a long knife, and he specialized in cutting people's flesh.

Just because they had touched the porcelain of Muye Technology, Mars had been pressed to the ground for so long. The damage to their reputation was immeasurable. Now, Li Mu actually asked for 50 million US dollars. In this way, the loss of Mars this time could no longer be described with the word 'heavy'.

But then again, Roland Mass himself was very clear that a fast consumer goods giant like Mars was not short of money, and an Internet giant like Li Mu was even less short of money. Even though he was not short of money, he still deliberately blackmailed him for 50 million US dollars, and this money was not put into Li Mu's own pocket. It seemed that Li Mu was really angry this time.

Roland Mass also knew that the best solution now was to be tactful and quickly agree to the so-called "funding gap" that Li Mu said, so that Li Mu would be satisfied and then solve this crisis.

However, when he thought of Li Mu asking for 50 million US dollars, Roland Mass was hesitant.

Li Mu saw his anxious look and smiled indifferently. Without waiting for him to answer, he said, "Mr. Mass, to be honest, I've been very busy recently, and I haven't had time to take care of too many things. I'm really sorry for my negligence this time."

Roland Mass wanted to say a few polite words, but Li Mu did not give him a chance and continued to ask him, "By the way, Mr. Mass should know Prince William, right?"

"Of course, of course."

Roland Mass hurriedly said, "To be honest, our grandfather's generation was still very close to the British royal family. Mars' business started in Britain, and then gradually moved to the United States. So in our generation, the relationship with the British royal family has somewhat faded. Although it is not as close as it was in the past, it can still be considered a long-time friend."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Some time ago, Prince William came to Hua Xia and specially donated a few private collections of the Windsor family to the Palace Museum in Hua Xia. These collections are almost all historical relics of Hua Xia, but because of the war more than a hundred years ago, they were lost overseas. With the help of the Windsor family, they had a chance to return to Hua Xia."

At this point, Li Mu sighed and continued, "This matter touched me a lot. Our Hua Xia has a long history, and we are one of the four ancient civilizations. Our civilization and history have continued to this day, but because of special reasons, many of our precious historical relics were lost overseas. As a child of Hua Xia, I have the responsibility and obligation to help those lost overseas relics of Hua Xia gradually return to our country. Am I right?"

Roland Mass hurriedly nodded and said in agreement, "Mr. Li is right. Helping more lost relics of Hua Xia return to their country is also helping Hua Xia reassemble and perfect its history. This matter is of great significance."

Li Mu sighed and said, "Although it is of great significance, it is more difficult to implement."

As he said this, Li Mu continued, "You Westerners classify historical relics as works of art, and your art auction market is too mature. The auction prices of Eastern relics have long been driven up to a very high level by those art dealers. Therefore, if you want to bring back a large number of relics of Hua Xia, the biggest obstacle is that you don't have money. In Europe, a piece of Hua Xia porcelain can be sold for millions or even tens of millions of pounds. Think about it, if I want to find all the things that the Eight-Nation Alliance stole in Yan Jing in one day, how much will it cost?

It may not be enough even if I sell the Makino Technology! "

Roland Mass felt dizzy. He understood the meaning of Li Mu's words. Li Mu was complaining about being poor!

Could it be that Li Mu had not finished his offer?

He looked at Li Mu nervously and asked tentatively, "Mr. Li, what do you mean?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I don't mean anything else. Don't think too much about it. I just treat you as a friend. That's why I'm lamenting with you about some of the troubles I'm currently facing. Just take it as me complaining a little and forget about it after listening to it."

Roland Mass only hoped that Li Mu would quickly finish his offer and not go back and forth like this. So he couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Mr. Li, how much funding do you need for this public welfare project?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I think it's at least 500 to 600 million US dollars."

Roland Mass was dumbfounded. "500 to 600 million US dollars?

Oh my god, that's a scary amount. "

When he said this, Roland Mass's liver was trembling. Mars's annual profit was only about a billion US dollars. If Li Mu really asked for 500 to 600 million US dollars, then he could just go home. Even if he agreed, the board of directors would not agree.

At this time, Li Mu waved his hand with a serious face and said, "To put it bluntly, five or six hundred million US dollars is just a drop in the bucket. This kind of thing will benefit future generations. We need to mobilize all the forces that can be mobilized. Everyone has to work together to solve this problem. Therefore, I'm now collecting donations for this project everywhere, trying to get the whole society to contribute."

Roland Mass knew that he would inevitably be ripped off by Li Mu this time, so he asked directly, "Mr. Li, how much do you think Mars should contribute?"

Li Mu quickly waved his hand and said, "Don't say that. This is a matter of our Hua Xia's children. How can Mars help? It's not appropriate, and it shouldn't be."

Roland Mass's heart was bleeding as he said, "Mr. Li, I still say the same thing. I hope we can let bygones be bygones and cooperate sincerely. Since we will be close partners in the future, it's only right for us to express our sincerity and support your charity. What do you think?"

Roland Mass only wanted a final result now. He wanted to know how much Mars would pay for Li Mu to be happy and stop suppressing Mars.

Li Mu saw that the time was almost right, so he smiled and said, "Mr. Mass, it's really touching that you have such a heart!"

After saying that, Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Doing charity is actually all about one's heart. For the same thing, some people might donate a million, while others might only donate ten cents. There's nothing wrong with donating more or less. If Mars really wants to contribute to this charity, the amount doesn't matter."

Roland Mass felt a headache coming on. Li Mu was obviously playing Tai Chi. He was beating around the bush and not saying how much money he wanted. He was forcing him to say it!

However, how much was appropriate for him to say?

He had already taken the initiative to promise a total of 50 million US dollars in donations from 3321 and Undying Veterans, but Li Mu was still unmoved. If it was a charity project for lost cultural relics and he asked for a few million US dollars, Li Mu would definitely not even look at him.

If he asked for tens of millions of US dollars, wouldn't he go crazy?

Seeing that Roland Mass was silent, Li Mu looked at the time and said, "How about this, Mr. Mass? If you haven't committed to this charity project for the time being, you can go back and think about it. I still have things to do, so I won't be accompanying you for the time being."

Seeing that Li Mu was about to leave, Roland Mass hurriedly pulled him back and blurted out, "How about this, Mr. Li? We'll donate 20 million US dollars to the charity project for lost cultural relics. What do you think?"

Li Mu immediately said with a smile, "Thank you so much, Mr. Mass. Although 20 million US dollars is a drop in the bucket, it can solve a lot of problems. I'll get my assistant to contact you about the follow-up."

Roland Mass cursed in his heart. 20 million US dollars is just a drop in the bucket?

How much do you want?

However, Roland Mass did not dare to show any dissatisfaction in front of Li Mu. He could only suppress his anger and ask with a smile, "Li Zong, what do you think about our matter …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll let my assistant handle this matter. I still have things to do …"

Roland Mass' heart tightened. Li Mu had pushed everything to his assistant. This attitude was clearly kicking the ball, so he could not help but remind him, "Li Zong, this is a donation of 70 million US dollars. Isn't it … a little sloppy to handle it with your assistant …"

Li Mu frowned and said, "How is it sloppy?

I arrange for many projects of tens of millions of US dollars to be directly handled by my assistant. Is there a problem with that? "

"No … no problem," Roland Mass stammered.

Roland Mass stammered, "It's just that I think 70 million US dollars is not a small project. If possible, I still hope that you can spare some time and let's have a good chat."

Roland Mass said this, but he knew that he was in a mess. He knew that Li Mu had a big appetite, but he did not expect that 70 million US dollars was not enough. At this time, he did not know what to do. If he stopped here, then he would face two problems:

First, should he fulfill the 70 million US dollars donation promise? After all, Li Mu did not promise him anything. If he fulfilled the 70 million US dollars, it was very likely that it would be for nothing.

Second, after going back, would he still be able to sit as chairman of the board of directors? Would he be killed after a round of voting by the board of directors?

At this time, Li Mu smiled faintly and said to Roland Mass, "Mr. Mass, any company has a division of positions and business levels. During our internal board meeting, we have already set the scope of my responsibility. I am responsible for projects of up to 100 million US dollars. As long as the project is less than 100 million US dollars, there are a lot of cadres who can be responsible for it. You and I can rest assured."

After that, Li Mu looked at his watch and said apologetically, "I'm really sorry. I have to go to the meeting. Let Ziwei come over and talk to you."

"No, no, no!"

Roland Mass blurted out subconsciously, "Li Zong, how about this? We will donate 50 million US dollars to your Lost Cultural Relics Repatriation Foundation. What do you think?"