Chapter 121

September 22nd was Zhao Ziqiu's birthday.

This beauty who was born on the last day of Virgo was going to treat her roommates to roast duck at Quanjude.

Hu Zhengdao asked Li Yawei: "I've heard that Quanjude's roast duck is very famous. How much does it cost to eat there?"

Li Yawei laughed: "Anyway, it's quite a scam. It's normal for four people to eat 300 to 400 yuan. But for twelve people, it should be at least 1000 yuan."

Hu Zhengdao was stunned: "So expensive?

My monthly living expenses are only 200 yuan. "

Li Mu saw that Hu Zhengdao was a little frustrated and patted him on the shoulder: "Now, most of the money is given by your family. Don't take it to heart."

Hu Zhengdao lightly nodded his head. His parents were farmers, and he knew that he couldn't be compared to the children in the city. However, his father knew some skills as a bricklayer, and when he wasn't busy, he would do odd jobs for the people who built houses in the nearby villages. Thus, his family's standard of living was actually quite good in the rural areas of Northern Shaanxi. Many people of his age couldn't even afford to pay for their university fees.

Hu Zhengdao had taken the initiative to talk about his family situation when they were chatting. Li Mu recognized this point of his. He was honest and not hypocritical.

At this time, Sun Jian said: "As the oldest in the dormitory, I think that we should give Zhao Ziqiu a birthday present together. What do you guys think?"

Li Yawei nodded and said: "Since she's treating us to a meal, we can't go empty-handed. But what should we give her?

I heard from Xiao Xiao that Zhao Ziqiu's family situation is quite good. She doesn't lack anything. "

For a moment, the others did not know what to give. Sun Jian said: "Why don't we set the amount first and then decide what to give based on the amount."

After saying that, Sun Jian considered that Hu Zhengdao and Liu Nian's conditions were not too good. He said: "I think that each of us will have 50 yuan. 300 yuan should be about right. What do you guys think?"

Hu Zhengdao hesitated for a moment and nodded lightly.

Liu Nian also said, "Let's do as Brother Jian says."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Alright, I'll prepare the gift for Zhao Ziqiu. Don't worry about it."

"That won't do."

Xue Jianfeng, who was from a relatively wealthy family, immediately said, "You're the only one who's giving it to him. How ugly would it be for the five of us?

Let's chip in. "

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I'll buy the gift. Treat it as a gift from everyone."

"No." His roommates didn't seem to agree.

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Zhao Ziqiu is mainly inviting me. The five of you are just there to serve as a foil. Can you have some self-awareness?"

"Fuck."

"Shameless!"

"Shameless!"

Li Mu's act of showing off attracted a lot of scolding. However, after that, no one objected to his decision to buy gifts for themselves. Everyone really felt that the five of them were just supporting characters.

In the afternoon, Li Mu prepared to walk around and buy the gift.

After walking around for a while, Li Mu didn't know what to buy for Zhao Ziqiu. At first, he thought that if he couldn't find anything, he could just give her a wallet or a pair of sunglasses. However, when he turned around, he saw a specialty store.

Dahon, also known as Dahon, was the king of folding bicycles.

Folding bicycles were not very popular at the moment and were not as popular as the Giant. However, the price was much higher than the Giant's. Any folding bicycle would cost at least one to two thousand yuan.

Li Mu didn't know why, but he suddenly wanted to buy a bicycle for Zhao Ziqiu. Subconsciously, he wanted to make it more convenient for her when she came to the National People's Congress to swim.

For some reason, Li Mu went into the store and chose a beautiful bicycle with a silver body, black poles, red handles, and cushions. It was priced at 2,288 yuan. Although it was a little expensive, it looked exquisite.

After buying the bicycle, Li Mu asked the shop owner to adjust the bicycle before he pedaled back to school. His five roommates saw Li Mu going to buy a bicycle for Zhao Ziqiu and instantly understood. Li Yawei sighed. "The five of us are just there to serve as a foil. Look at Mu Ge's gift. Isn't it to make it more convenient for Zhao Ziqiu to go on a date with him?"

Li Mu asked, "Yan Da is so big. Isn't it a good thing for a girl to have a bicycle?"

"You win."

Li Yawei had nothing to say. Yan Da was really big. It would take several hours to walk around. Li Mu's reason was impeccable.

Xue Jianfeng looked at the flashy bicycle with a cigarette in his mouth. "This thing is not bad. I'll buy one tomorrow. Li Mu, how much did you buy it for?"

"A few hundred yuan."

Then, the five people in the dormitory accepted the setting of a bicycle, but how to do it became a problem.

Li Yawei wanted Li Mu to buy a bunch of flowers and deliberately arrive late. After everyone sat down in the private room, he would ride the bicycle directly into the private room with the flowers. Zhao Ziqiu would definitely cry with happiness.

Sun Jian felt that this method was not reliable. He thought that the bicycle should be handed to the waiter first. Everyone should eat first. When they were ready to leave after eating, they would go to the waiter and push the bicycle to Zhao Ziqiu. This way, Zhao Ziqiu could ride back to school.

Hu Zhengdao objected. If Zhao Ziqiu rode back, what about the others in the dormitory?

Sun Jian said that Zhao Ziqiu should push the bicycle back.

Liu Nian felt that his brothers were not very reliable. The most suitable method was to directly push the bicycle to eat, and when they entered the private room, they would give the bicycle to Zhao Ziqiu.

Xue Jianfeng blew a mouthful of smoke in Liu Nian's face. "Little brat, you only know how to make blind ideas. Do you want Zhao Ziqiu to eat on the bicycle?"

Li Mu stood up, pushed the bicycle with one hand, and waved the other hand. "Okay, you guys talk slowly. I'll ride to Yan Da now and send the bicycle to her first."

The five people suddenly understood.

Wasn't this the end?

Li Mu was still thoughtful.

Li Yawei added, "After all, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu have a special relationship. The two of them bathe in the swimming pool all day long, their ears rubbing against each other, and their breasts touching each other. We can't compare."

"F * ck you."

…

Li Mu carried the bicycle downstairs and called Zhao Ziqiu first to ask where she was. Zhao Ziqiu said that she was in the dormitory. Li Mu asked her to wait in the dormitory. He would represent all the members of dormitory 606 to give her a birthday present.

Zhao Ziqiu was very happy when she heard this. "I'll wait for you downstairs now!"

After hanging up the phone, the other girls in the dormitory asked, "Why is Ziqiu suddenly so excited?

Who are you waiting for downstairs? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Li Mu is representing his dormitory to give me a birthday present!"

The five girls immediately said, "We'll go too!"

Li Mu didn't know that six girls were waiting for him. He leisurely rode the bicycle to Yan University and went straight to Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory. When he arrived at the dormitory building, he found that the six people in Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory were all lined up downstairs to welcome him.

What the f * ck.

Li Mu stopped the bicycle in front of the six girls, pointed to the bicycle and said, "Ziqiu, this is a birthday present from dormitory 606 to you. I hope you like it."

Zhao Ziqiu covered her mouth in surprise. She never dreamed that Li Mu would send her a bicycle.

Her maiden heart was excited and a little nervous. She felt that Li Mu must mean that he wanted her to visit him more often by giving her this car. This was a good signal, wasn't it?

Did this mean that her relationship with him could go further?

Or was she just thinking too much? Was this bicycle a joint idea of their dormitory?

Li Mu felt that there was an indescribable awkwardness in being surrounded by six girls, so before they started to make trouble, he waved his hand and left. Han Xiaoxiao wanted to call him back, but Li Mu said without looking back, "See you at dinner tonight."

After Li Mu left, the other girls surrounded the bicycle and looked at it for a long time. Zhao Ziqiu tried riding it and found that it was surprisingly easy to ride. So the other girls in the dormitory seemed to have a new toy. One by one, they rode the folding bicycle in front of the dormitory building.

Han Xiaoxiao called Li Yawei and asked him what was going on with the bicycle and what was his decision.

Li Yawei didn't hide anything from his wife, so he told her the truth.

Han Xiaoxiao told Zhao Ziqiu everything she heard from Li Mu. Zhao Ziqiu was overjoyed when she heard it, especially when Li Mu said that the other five girls in their dormitory were just side characters. This was obviously giving her special treatment.

… …

At 6: 30 pm, everyone met at a Quanjude restaurant near Zhongguancun. The girls were all dressed up when they came, especially Zhao Ziqiu, who was as dazzling as a star.

When the girls came, they even brought a big cake. Han Xiaoxiao even said ruthlessly, "Tonight, everyone has to drink, no matter if they're men or women."

Classes in both universities started on Monday. Today was Saturday, so they could have fun.

Now, there were 12 people in the dormitory, and there were two couples. Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were unclear in the eyes of others, but they could be considered as half a couple. They were already very close. So, Li Yawei said, "Why don't we do it together today? After dinner, we'll sing all night. What do you guys think?"

Li Mu didn't expect that there would be ten people who responded positively this time.

He was the only one who didn't say anything.

Singing all night was a bit too much, right?

But thinking about it carefully, they were still young. Wasn't it the time to have fun? So, Li Mu nodded and expressed that he had no objections.

During dinner, Zhao Ziqiu sat beside the six girls. Li Mu was originally sitting between Li Yawei and Hu Zhengdao, but Li Yawei dragged him to Zhao Ziqiu's side.

Li Mu didn't hesitate and sat down beside her.

The waiter brought two cartons of beer. Everyone filled their glasses and wished Zhao Ziqiu a happy birthday.

After the first cup of wine, the atmosphere at the table immediately warmed up. The voices of people urging them to drink rose and fell one after another. The girls were also very supportive. When someone proposed a toast, they would definitely drink. For those who were straightforward like Han Xiaoxiao, they all drank one cup after another. Although Zhao Ziqiu's alcohol tolerance was not very good, she still drank half a cup.

Everyone drank until they were a little tipsy in the restaurant. They took the cake and went to the KTV that Li Yawei had booked over the phone. According to Li Yawei, this KTV was owned by his uncle. Usually, when he came here, he would directly sign his uncle's account.