Chapter 123

On Monday morning, the freshmen of the Class 01 of the National People's Congress finally started their classes.

Last weekend, most of the freshmen who had just finished their military training were resting in their dormitories. This morning, they all rushed out of their dormitories, and the campus became much livelier.

University courses were not tight. Once the classes started, everyone's focus was not on their studies, but on this new environment.

Before the classes started, they were busy mingling with the people in their dormitories, and after the classes started, they were busy mingling with the people in their classes.

At the same time, the seniors were not idle either. Whenever they were free, they would run to the first-year academic buildings and classrooms. Their eyes were like radars, scanning the groups of girls. Once they found a pretty girl, they would immediately try to find out all the information about her.

The National People's Congress had two campus forums. One was called "Heaven and Earth National People's Congress", which was an official forum. The other was called "One Ladle Poolside", named after the famous scenic spot "One Ladle Poolside" in the National People's Congress. The "Heaven and Earth National People's Congress" was not very popular because of the strict management of the university. Gossiping on this forum was almost unforgivable. Hence, the students gathered at "One Ladle Poolside", where they could talk freely and had more freedom.

"One Ladle Poolside" was very popular. The gossiping section had more than ten thousand users every day. Not only the university students, graduate students, but also many alumni liked to come here to gossip. It was very popular. The post where Li Mu beat up Zhang Qing and the other two was posted here. However, that post only went viral for a day, and then no one paid attention to it.

On the night of the first day of classes, a netizen called "I'm crazy for beauties" posted a post: "National People's Congress Class 2001 Beauty Ranking."

This person was really something. Not only did he list out the beautiful girls from each department, but he also used some unknown methods to find the basic information and ID photos of these girls from the university's database.

"I'm crazy for beauties" listed the top ten beauties of this year's freshmen in the post. Surprisingly, the first one was Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue's ID photo also attracted the attention of countless people. She was beautiful, fresh, and refined. She was much better than the so-called campus belle who married her godfather with milk tea.

Li Mu had only applied for the internet connection in the dormitory after class, but the staff said that it would take three working days for the installation and debugging. After applying for the internet connection, he went to the gym. Therefore, he did not know about the heated discussion about Su Yingxue on One Ladle Pool.

Zhao Ziqiu was also here today. She rode the folding bike that Li Mu had given her all the way to the National People's Congress Stadium.

The two met by the pool. Zhao Ziqiu said to Li Mu, "I might not be able to come here every day in the future!

It's time for class to start, and there's a lot to learn. "

Li Mu nodded. He was a little disappointed, but he said casually, "You don't have to worry too much about it. You only need to pass the exams, pass the CET-4, and pass the thesis in the university."

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips. "How did you get into the National People's Congress with that kind of mentality?

You have to know that if you want to take the national civil servant exam or go to a state-owned enterprise, your results and honors in the four years of university are very important. "

"Oh, really?" Li Mu looked a little disgusted. He was not interested in what Zhao Ziqiu said at all.

There were two things that were very important to Li Mu to go to university. One was to make his parents happy, and the other was to have a decent diploma. If he succeeded in the future, he would not be called illiterate.

The words "undergraduate CEO" and "undergraduate billionaire" would never appear in the future. Instead, "high school CEO" and "high school billionaire" would become the headlines many times. It could be seen that a diploma was very important in the eyes of the media. If a high school graduate became successful, even the media would think, "F * ck, you're so awesome. You can make so much money even after graduating from high school."

The founder of a car company only had a high school education, and the media had made a lot of articles about this for so many years …

Based on these two considerations, Li Mu had made a decision before he came to university. As long as he could get a diploma and a degree certificate, everything else was not important. His career was the most important.

However, Zhao Ziqiu did not think so. She was a real straight-A student, and a real straight-A student who developed moral, intellectual, physical, aesthetic, and labor in all aspects. As long as it was about learning, she must strive to be perfect. Therefore, as soon as the class started, her great sense of mission in learning immediately played a role.

Seeing that Li Mu was not interested in learning at all, Zhao Ziqiu could not help but sigh. "With your current mentality, you will definitely regret it when you fail a subject in the future."

Li Mu smiled and did not continue to argue with the straight-A student about learning. He admitted that he was a terrible student. Even if he did well in his previous life, he would only be able to get a provincial university. This life was even worse. Fortunately, God had eyes and allowed him to take the English exam directly in his rebirth. Otherwise, if he had to take the first subject, he might only be able to get into Haizhou Teachers' College.

From that day on, Zhao Ziqiu really did not come to swim much. It was said that she still swam for half an hour every day, but she no longer went to the National People's Congress. That was because she could save time and spend it in the library.

Although Li Mu did not quite agree with the pursuit of a straight-A student, he still had some respect for her. However, he suddenly felt a little empty in his heart because he suddenly had to swim by himself every day.

…

When the dormitory was finally connected to the Internet, Li Mu took out his laptop from the dusty cabinet for the first time. As soon as this IBM T20 appeared in Dorm 606, it immediately caused a commotion.

After all, it was worth 20,000 yuan. An ordinary worker's annual salary was not even enough to buy this computer. So when it suddenly appeared in front of everyone, it was indeed a bit shocking.

Several people in the dormitory said that Li Mu was a nouveau riche. Li Mu did not explain, but Li Yawei said excitedly, "Li Mu, do you have PP Diandian on your computer?"

PP Diandian?

Li Mu was stunned. The other four people, except for Liu Nian who looked confused, nodded excitedly. "Yes, do you have it?

If you do, hurry up and download it! "

"No …" Li Mu shook his head helplessly. He naturally knew what PP Diandian was. Basically, it could be said to be the earliest P2P download software. Moreover, for a long time after it was launched, it was a tool for domestic netizens to download love and action movies.

Li Yawei hurriedly said, "Hurry up and the next one!

Let's watch a movie! "

The others also echoed. Li Mu asked, "Are you guys going to watch a movie together?"

"We don't mind!"

Li Mu did not know whether to laugh or cry. "You guys can watch it when I'm not here."

Sun Jian said, "Why don't you go out first? Ah, right, don't you want to go to the gym?

Hurry up and go. "

Li Mu helplessly looked at Xue Jianfeng. "Jianfeng, do you want to go to the gym?"

Xue Jianfeng thought for a while and lied to the point that it could not be more fake. However, he felt that he was lying very sincerely. "I won't be going today. I strained myself while training with the barbells yesterday."

Li Mu could tell that he was lying at a glance, but he did not force it. There was nothing private in his computer anyway. He would just treat it as a public computer.

When Li Mu came back from swimming, the five guys in the dormitory were all red in the face. No one cared about the computers on the table. The five of them were lying on their respective beds with a satisfied look on their faces.

Li Yawei, who was on the upper bunk, saw Li Mu and said, "Hey, Li Mu, that high school classmate of yours is very popular now."

Li Mu frowned slightly. "Su Yingxue?"

"Yes!

There are many posts about her on 'One Spoonside Pool' now. Many people regard her as their goddess. "

Li Mu asked curiously, "Really?"

"Why would I lie to you? Go to the gossip section of 'One Spoonside Pool' for yourself."

Li Mu laughed. "Actually, it's normal for her to be regarded as a goddess."

Li Yawei said, "In the beginning, the higher-ups only said that she was the prettiest girl in the economics department. Later, she became recognized as the prettiest girl in the economics department. Now, many people say that she is the prettiest girl in Renmin University. It is said that many guys go to the economics department to see her every day. During the first few days of school, there were countless people who sent her love letters."

Li Mu did not care about this. In his previous life, after he went to the second-tier university in the province, he had been paying attention to Su Yingxue's affairs. He also paid attention to 'One Spoonside Pool' at the National People's Congress. He knew that Su Yingxue had become the prettiest girl in school not long after she enrolled. He also knew that countless people were pursuing her. However, in his previous life, Su Yingxue had not been in a relationship for four years in university. In this life, she had not deviated from the track. Therefore, Li Mu firmly believed that no one in Renmin University could catch up to Su Yingxue, including himself.

After ending the topic with Li Yawei, Li Mu opened the gossip section of 'One Spoonside Pool'. Among the dozens of posts on the front page, there were more than ten related to Su Yingxue. Some exposed some information about Su Yingxue, and some gossiped about someone who secretly sent a love letter to Su Yingxue but was rejected. In desperation, he resorted to using his roommate. Someone even said that Su Yingxue did not read any of the love letters she received in the dormitory. She threw them all into the trash can.

Every post related to her would attract a large number of netizens to discuss. There were also many discordant voices. Most of them were sour grapes. They said that Su Yingxue had high standards and liked rich and powerful men. Those with ordinary family backgrounds should not even think about it. There were also people who said that Su Yingxue had lost her virginity when she was in Hai Zhou. The other party was the son of the richest man in Hai Zhou. As for the name of the so-and-so, Li Mu had never heard of it.

In the face of such public slander, Li Mu also wanted to register a sockpuppet to fight back. However, as he continued to read, he did not need to do anything. Countless people had already scolded him. Even the administrator had exposed the other party's registration information. The people who protected Su Yingxue quickly found out the identity of this person. It turned out to be a third-year male student in the School of Economics named Dai Chao.

As soon as this person was exposed, someone revealed that Dai Chao had gone to the door of Su Yingxue's class two days ago and stopped Su Yingxue to give him a love letter. Su Yingxue directly rejected him in front of the whole class, which made Dai Chao look very bad.

This time, Dai Chao began to be criticized. Many boys even rushed to Dai Chao's dormitory to scold him. Under pressure, Dai Chao even specially opened a post to apologize and repent to Su Yingxue.