Chapter 1026

As soon as he heard that Li Mu was going to do something big, the person in charge of Paradise Town's operation team immediately straightened his back and said to Li Mu with a resolute face, "Li Zong, just tell us what kind of support you need!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Paradise Town is spreading very fast among the college students in America. It's time to create some explosive news, so I think we need to frequently launch some major events and competitions in Paradise Town."

Everyone was very clear that once Li Mu made a specific request, he would definitely have a specific plan. All along, everyone had been used to his routine of creating and solving problems, so they all looked at Li Mu and waited for him to continue.

Li Mu said, "Now in Paradise Town, the influence of all the campus celebrities is obvious. Next, we have to strike while the iron is hot and push the influence of these campus celebrities to the extreme."

As he said that, Li Mu paused and continued, "Personally, I feel that the college students in China and other developed countries have a relatively serious phenomenon of vanity and money worship. Since that's the case, let's take this phenomenon to the extreme in America. We'll organize an All-American Campus Beauty Competition in Paradise Town. In theory, all the girls in the college can participate in the competition. Each college will first choose a campus beauty, and then the state where the college is located will conduct a statewide competition. Each state will choose one campus beauty, and finally, the selected campus beauties from each state will compete together. In the end, three people will be chosen, and they will be given three awards that can shock the entire America, or at least shock the American youth."

All of a sudden, everyone was a little curious. Li Mu had always been a big spender, and in his eyes, a big spender was just an ordinary marketing method. Now that he suddenly said he was going to make a big spender, everyone was also curious about what kind of big spender was in Li Mu's eyes.

Kong Lingyu first asked what was on everyone's mind, and said, "Boss, tell us what your generous plan is, and let us see it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "For the time being, this is what I'm thinking. The first place in each of the 3,000 colleges will receive a prize of 1,000 dollars after tax; the champion in each of the 50 states and one special district will receive a prize of 20,000 dollars after tax; the top three in the country will receive prizes of 300,000, 200,000, and 100,000 dollars respectively. In addition, the first place will receive a Ferrari 360 sports car, the second place will receive a Porsche 911, and the third place will receive a Ford Mustang."

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone in the room was dumbfounded.

It was indeed a generous plan made by a big boss. The prize for the first place in the 3,000 colleges alone was more than 3 million dollars, and the prize for the champion in each of the 50 states and the special district would add up to 2.55 million dollars after tax. The cost of the company would also be at least more than 3 million dollars; the prize money for the top three in the country and the sports car would add up to at least 1 million dollars. With such a rough calculation, the prize money for the event alone would be more than a few million dollars. Such an event was rare in the world, and it was absolutely unprecedented in the Internet industry.

For an event with the purpose of promotion, the cost of the prize money was actually not worth mentioning. The real big part was the cost of promotion and operation. Li Mu had already spent so much on the cost of the prize money for the event. If enough promotion expenses were included, the budget of this event could easily reach a few million dollars, or even more than 20 million dollars.

Someone objected and said, "Li Zong, the cost of such a huge reward expenditure is too high, and if we arrange it in this way, the reward expenditure will be too scattered. Personally, I think it's better to give up the reward at the bottom level, and directly hold a national selection, and then select three people to give high cash rewards and sports cars."

Before Li Mu could speak, someone retorted, "I think there is no level division. If we directly choose three people in the country, it will give everyone too little hope. The goal is too difficult, and users will lose confidence. On the contrary, if we set up several levels and goals for them, they will feel that they are not far from the first goal; and after achieving the first goal, they will feel that they are not far from the second goal; and after achieving the first two goals, they will feel that they are much closer to the ultimate goal, which will stimulate the enthusiasm of users to participate to the greatest extent."

With that, the person added, "Have you paid attention to Xiangnan Satellite TV's' Super Girl 'recently?"

Everyone shook their heads.

This person laughed and said, "Super Girl isn't that popular among our age group, but it's extremely popular among the youths. The competition format of the show is to first divide the country into several major divisions. Each division will select the top 100 contestants, then select the top 80, top 50, top 30, and so on. Finally, the top few contestants from each division will be chosen, and then the national divisions will be put together for the finals. Right now, we're holding the preliminary auditions for each division. My daughter likes watching it a lot, so I've accompanied her to watch it a few times. I feel that this competition format has a very good sense of rhythm to it. It's very similar to what CEO Li said. They slowly bring in the target audience and let them walk step by step. The further they walk, the more they will cherish it and value it. They will fight their way to the top, and the final battle will be very exciting."

Li Mu didn't have a deep impression of this person, but he still knew his name. He was a VP of Makino Technology's operations team. His name was Sun Jia.

Sun Jia's words were basically what Li Mu was thinking. Outsiders didn't know that the framework of "Super Girl" was set by himself. Its framework was the same as the framework of the American school belle selection that he was brewing this time. Li Mu hoped to use this progressive mentality to let as many people as possible participate in it.

As soon as Sun Jia said this, many people expressed their agreement. Since it was to cover all the universities in the United States, it should indeed set up multiple stages, and then let the target group participate step by step. If three to five people were to be selected from all over the country at once, the appeal to users would be greatly reduced.

The colleague who raised the objection earlier also said somewhat awkwardly, "I'm sorry, everyone. I didn't think it through properly. In this case, it seems that Li Zong's plan is the most suitable."

Sun Jia said, "If the awards for this activity are announced, it will definitely shock the entire United States, especially the university students, but definitely not just the university students!"

Sun Jia's words received everyone's approval. Such a large-scale activity, with the help of promotional methods, would definitely become a hot topic in society.

Li Mu talked with everyone for a while, and seeing that everyone had no objections to this plan, he said, "Then we'll set the basic plan. The name of the activity will be 'Paradise Town's Top School Belle Ranking.' The process of the activity will be for users to vote within a specified time. In the first round of campus voting, the girl who ranks first in each university will win. In the second round of statewide voting, the girl who ranks first in each state will win. After that, the national voting will be held."

The person in charge of the "Paradise Town" team immediately asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what do you want to use as the basis for the selection?

Do you want to use the users' votes, or the user's contribution as the key basis for the selection? "

Li Mu shook his head. "Neither. My idea is to create a special basis for the selection, and the name will be 'Paradise Town Resident Voucher.' The so-called resident voucher is used to cast votes, but it can't be given away, nor can it be purchased. You can only obtain it through the normal game."

Then, Li Mu added, "For example, in each stage of the activity, every user who is level 20 or above will have a chance to obtain a resident voucher, and each user can obtain a maximum of three resident vouchers in each stage. They are: after farming for 500 times, you can obtain a resident voucher; after farming for 200 times, you can obtain a resident voucher; after completing 100 missions, you can obtain a resident voucher.

"In this way, the girl who has the chance to become the first in the school will definitely try her best to encourage and encourage the boys in the school to vote for her in the first stage of the campus selection. These boys, whether they are players of our game or not, have to play the game if they want to vote. Moreover, each account only has three chances. This way, not only does it avoid the possibility of a large number of votes being manipulated, it ensures fairness, and at the same time, it can also lead a large number of users to invest more time in our game, killing many birds with one stone."

"In addition, the people who are voted will be able to see the voting time for each vote, as well as the information of the voter. This will ensure that these boys are the most enthusiastic in front of their goddess."

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, a few people slapped their thighs in excitement.

Indeed, it was killing many birds with one stone. If every user had a "resident voucher," the problem of votes being manipulated would be very difficult to control. After all, the script to register accounts in batches could be easily handled by anyone who knew programming. If the resident voucher was sold, it would be too utilitarian and would cause users to resent it. Moreover, it would be very difficult to ensure fairness. If there were capable users manipulating votes, not only would it destroy the balance of the game, but it would also cause users to hate the rich.

However, Li Mu's method of obtaining the "resident voucher" was very interesting. It was not given for free, nor was it sold. If you wanted to obtain it, you had to play the game diligently, level up to level 20, and then follow the requirements to obtain the "resident voucher."

With such a high threshold to obtain it, although it prevented vote manipulation and ensured fairness, the difficulty of obtaining it was too high. Users would definitely reject it. However, it did not matter. Users could reject it, but the real driving force that drove them to obtain the "resident voucher" was not the game, but the goddess who could see their voting records and numbers.

Since the goddess had requested it, in order to please the goddess, they had to at least work hard to cast three votes, right?

After casting three votes, if they were still in the mood to register some alternate accounts, level up bit by bit, and earn "other resident vouchers," Li Mu had no objections.

The cost of this kind of vote manipulation was very high, and it had a great effect on registered users, average playing time, and even top-up. Li Mu could not wait for more diligent youths to use this method to manipulate votes, and the more the better!

At this time, Li Mu's fingers lightly tapped on the table. Looking at the excited team members around him, he smiled and said, "Don't be too happy so soon. There is another key factor that you all seem to have not noticed."

Everyone looked at Li Mu in surprise. "Li Zong, what other key factor?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Have you all forgotten about our item sharing plan?

Every girl who participates in our "Top American Campus Belle Ranking" will not only have the opportunity to receive rewards at each stage, but also have the opportunity to be promoted to more players by our game. At that time, they will have the opportunity to expand their fan base and receive more items as rewards. "

At this point, everyone showed an expression of sudden realization. Li Mu continued, "Think about it. A campus celebrity can receive thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars in a day's worth of item sharing. What if they win the first round and become the campus belle?

What if they win the second round and become the first in the state?

What if they win the third round and become the top three in the country?

Victory at each stage will bring them more exposure. More exposure means more fans, and more fans means more item sharing. I think that if we are optimistic, a state champion might be able to receive a million dollars in our game. At that time, they will have a greater driving force to continue moving forward in the "Top American Campus Belle Ranking". "

"That's awesome!"

"I can't wait!"

"Once the" Top American Campus Belle Ranking "is promoted in the United States, I believe it will definitely cause a phenomenal hot topic!"

For a moment, everyone was talking excitedly, but everyone was full of confidence in this activity.

Li Mu was also full of confidence. He felt that once the "Top American Campus Belle Ranking" was released, such unprecedented rewards would undoubtedly shock and attract the attention of the whole society. At the same time, it would also cause the crazy pursuit of all college students. At that time, the influence of "Paradise Town" would inevitably achieve a huge leap again.

Whether it was to discuss financing or hold a meeting in the United States, he needed to have a strong initiative. If he wanted to have the initiative, he had to make a big move!

At that time, a series of big moves and intensive bombardments would definitely blow up the future market of Makino Technology in the United States completely.

Would the Series C valuation of Makino Technology be 15 billion US dollars?

Or 16 billion US dollars or more?

For Li Mu, there was no need to worry too much. As long as he controlled the pace, this time he would definitely be able to negotiate a world-shocking price for Makino Technology.

From time to time, an image appeared in Li Mu's mind. If the other party did not agree to his 15 billion US dollars, then he would turn around and go back to the hotel. The next day, he would release the "Top American Campus Belle Ranking" and attract the attention of the whole United States. At that time, wouldn't the other party regret it?

If the other party came to him at that time and said, "Mu Ge, 15 billion US dollars, let's hurry up and sign the contract!"

He would definitely wave his hand and say, "Sorry, today's price is no longer 15 billion US dollars."