Chapter 283

Li Mu signed in using his company's name and followed the other participants to the conference center. This five-star hotel's conference center is huge, and it can accommodate at least 1,000 people. There are four doors on both sides, and there is a stage in the front row. Behind the stage, there is a large background with the words: Yanjing City 2001 Internet Conference.

There are at least 200 to 300 tables and chairs placed neatly under the stage. Each table has a card with the company's name written on it. There is a podium on the stage, and there are 10 fan-shaped tables on both sides of the stage, facing the hundreds of seats. The cards on the tables are exquisite. Some of the cards have the names of the leaders of the IT department, and some have the company's name.

Li Mu looked around, and the 10 tables on the left side of the stage are reserved for the big shots.

The CEOs of NetEase, Sohu, and Sina, the three internet companies listed on Nasdaq are all present. Although NetEase was suspended by Nasdaq for 4 months, it is still influential in China. Other than NetEase, there are also Yahoo, Microsoft, Lenovo, IBM, Hewlett-Packard, and other hardware manufacturers.

Looking at the seating arrangement, Li Mu sighed. Ever since his rebirth, the most famous person he had interacted with is Baidu's Li Zong. But Li Zong is still considered a second-rate person in China's internet industry.

The current A-list people are Ding Lei, Zhang Chaoyang, and Wang Zhidong. The future leaders of BTA are only their underlings in front of them.

Li Mu looked at the seating arrangement provided by the organizers and saw Makino Technology's seat is 212. According to the seating arrangement, it is in the middle of the second row. Li Mu looked at the two companies beside him and was overjoyed. 211 is Baidu, and 213 is Hui Ka Ming's venture capital company, Mingcheng Capital.

It would be normal if they were seated next to Baidu. After all, Baidu had accepted the invitation through Baidu. However, it would be interesting if Mingcheng Capital was seated next to them. Hui Ka Ming must have deliberately changed their seats.

Li Mu was looking at the seating table when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned around and saw Hui Ka Ming smiling at him. "Why didn't you inform me that you're attending this conference? Luckily, I had a sudden impulse yesterday and asked someone if Makino Technology was on the list. Otherwise, I wouldn't have known that you're coming today."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Did you change this seat?"

"Yeah." Hui Ka Ming said casually, "I just wanted to say hello last night."

Li Mu nodded his head as he thought to himself, Hui Ka Ming is quite magnanimous.

At this moment, Hui Ka Ming added, "You have to be careful today. Makino Technology will definitely attract the attention of all the representatives."

Li Mu asked him, "Is it because of the explosion of Tieba and Q Bar?"

"Yeah."

Xu Jiaming said, "Your Muye Technology is now the most popular company in the Internet investment circle. The influence of Tieba is so great that it has really shocked the industry. After this incident, Tieba will definitely rise to a higher level and soon become a national hot spot. This time, Teng Xun really made a wedding dress for you."

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "As expected, you VCs are the most well-informed."

Hui Ka Ming laughed and said, "After this incident, hurry up and get the Series B financing. I'm sure you'll be able to get a good price."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Let's wait and see."

Although on the surface, Li Mu didn't seem to be in a hurry for Series B financing, he had been thinking about it in his heart.

Makino Technology was about to usher in explosive growth. No matter what, he had to look for connections and backers for Series B financing. Therefore, there were a few principles for Series B financing. Firstly, he couldn't accept investments from internet companies. Secondly, he couldn't accept financing from overseas investment banks. It was best to find investors with strong connections. It didn't matter if he was at a disadvantage. He had to quickly get a backer to join him in order to ensure the safety of his Series B financing.

Li Mu had also thought about who to get to invest in Makino Technology's Series B financing. Hui Ka Ming had been expressing goodwill to him, and it was obvious that he wanted to invest in Makino Technology. However, although Hui Ka Ming's family seemed to be very powerful, Hui Ka Ming's position in the Xu family was a little low. Previously, when his cousin, Xu Jiahua, slapped his face in the bowling alley, he basically didn't have the ability to resist.

However, Chen Ze was the son of a government official. He had deep connections in Yan Jing and had a good temper with him. If he could get in, Makino Technology would have a solid background and connections. However, it was impossible for Chen Ze to directly invest in Makino Technology. He had to find a spokesperson like how he invested in SugarClub. It seemed that Hui Ka Ming was the best candidate for Chen Ze's spokesperson. If both of them could participate in Series B, it would also be good for Makino Technology.

Li Mu and Hui Ka Ming had just sat down at their respective seats when several people hurriedly surrounded them. They asked about Li Mu's position in Makino Technology. Some even took out their business cards and wanted to exchange with Li Mu.

Someone suddenly said, "The people from Makino Technology are here."

As a result, more and more people gathered around.

Many people who had already arrived had been staring at the seats of Makino Technology, waiting for the people from Makino Technology to appear. Recently, no other Internet company could be compared to Makino Technology. Moreover, Makino Technology had always been very low-key in the industry and had a sense of mystery. This made people in the industry more interested in the managers behind the scenes.

A large group of people surrounded them, hoping to exchange business cards. However, Li Mu had never printed business cards before, so he could only say to the people around him, "I'm sorry everyone, I haven't printed business cards yet. However, I will definitely keep your business cards well and bring them back to the company."

As soon as these words came out, everyone's interest in Li Mu suddenly decreased a lot. Li Mu's words could easily make people think that he was just an ordinary employee who was arranged to go through the motions of the company. The reason why everyone was interested in Makino Technology at the conference was more that they wanted to know the boss of Makino Technology. However, no one could guess that the young man in front of them was the boss of Makino Technology.

However, there were also some sharp-eyed people who stared at Li Mu for a long time and said, "Oh, aren't you the Li Mu who was reported all over the TV some time ago?"

As soon as these words came out, the group of people who had originally lost interest in Li Mu surrounded him again.

Someone asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, aren't you doing 3321?

Are you also involved in Makino Technology? "

Someone next to him said, "Makino Technology, Mu Ye … Li Mu, don't tell me you also founded Makino Technology?

“

Li Mu knew that people in the industry were very well-informed. If he really wanted to dig up the background of Makino Technology, there was no way he could hide it, so he nodded generously and admitted, "Thank you for your concern, everyone. Makino Technology was indeed founded by me."

This time, the twenty or thirty people around him were all stunned.

Although they had already expected this, when Li Mu said this himself, many people still couldn't believe it.

Li Mu became famous in the Internet industry because of 3321. The exposure of that project in the media was too high, so people in the industry remembered Li Mu's name because of 3321. They knew that this kid had created an online trading platform for tutoring college students, but he had stupidly announced that 3321 would not earn a single cent of the profit, and that all the net profit would be invested into the scholarship fund.

At that time, many people in the Internet industry sighed. A super high-quality project that could make stable profits and had a strong cash flow did not want to make money. What kind of animal had kicked Li Mu's brain in the head?

They didn't expect him to have a big project that was really profitable in the dark. Before Makino Technology was split, it was worth at least three to four hundred million. Although there was a certain decrease after the split, the impact of the recent events on Tieba was enough to make the investors re-examine the valuation of Tieba. Maybe there were VCs who were willing to give a valuation before the split.

A 19-year-old young man made his own awesome website, but unfortunately, it did not make money. This story would make people in the industry sigh, but it could also make people in the industry find a psychological balance. Geniuses also had times when they were stupid, and stupid geniuses did not attract jealousy.

But now, the story had changed. The genius was not stupid not to earn money from 3321, but he had another way to make money. 3321, Makino Technology, and Yi Ting Technology were all his own projects. These three websites together were enough to crush most of the industry's "celebrities" present today, and even the well-known individual webmasters in the country were miles away.

Baidu's Li Zong had also arrived at this time. He squeezed through the crowd in surprise, only to find that the focus of the crowd was actually Li Mu.

Seeing Li Mu again, Li Zong had mixed feelings. Originally, he thought that Li Mu's Tieba would suffer heavy losses in front of Q Bar. He even thought that when Q Bar was in trouble, he would take advantage of it. He didn't expect that the millions of people on Tieba would give Q Bar a loud slap in the face. Moreover, this slap was given in front of the whole country, which was equivalent to the colleagues of Q Bar being slapped. It also helped Tieba to complete an unprecedented large-scale exposure. Now, not only did Tieba's popularity skyrocket, but its traffic also increased steadily. It was a shocking reversal.

Li Zong had asked Tan Yaocheng to monitor the data of Tieba. From the beginning of the millions of people on Tieba to now, Tieba's traffic had increased by an astonishing 30%. A large number of users came with worship for Tieba, and then they were converted and retained by Tieba's community attributes and a large number of high-quality content. This result made Li Zong very upset. Baidu had just converted its shares from Tieba to Yi Ting, so why did he suddenly jump up?

Others might not have noticed the millions of people on Tieba, but Li Zong was well aware of it. He knew that this incident must have been caused by Li Mu, because he knew that Li Mu had long established a Douban forum under his control and built a large-scale online water army in it.

"This kid is really smart …" Li Zong looked at Li Mu with a complicated expression, and sighed in his heart.