Chapter 786

As soon as Li Mu said that he was more optimistic about him, Lei Jianguo understood what Li Mu meant.

It seemed that Li Mu coveted the security software market, and his ambition was not small.

Thinking about it carefully, he was more or less disdainful about his optimism about Jinshan's future, which seemed to indicate that he had his own plans for the security software market.

That wasn't a good sign.

It could even be said that it was the worst signal he had received in recent times.

Even when Zhuoyue was attacked by Taobao to this extent, he did not feel panic in his heart.

However, when Li Mu hinted that he wanted to make security software, he could not help but feel extremely nervous.

Among the major products of Jinshan, security software and word processing software were the most important. If there was a problem with the anti-virus software, it would be terrible.

There was no other way.

Hua Xia Internet In this day and age, to put it bluntly, each company was a nest of all kinds of poultry eggs that were still desperately incubating. Li Mu had already skipped this stage. With a hammer in his hand, it seemed that it was not a problem for him to smash anyone.

Lei Jianguo was silent for a moment, then asked Li Mu seriously, "Is Li Zong also going to enter the security software market?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "I will definitely do it in the future."

Lei Jianguo took a deep breath and asked again, "Then may I ask, Li Zong, what do you think of the future development of the security software market?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "CEO Lei, the security software market will definitely grow bigger and bigger, but the future security software market will definitely change to a new way of playing, this is without a doubt. As for what kind of playing method, I have not figured it out yet."

Li Mu did not dare to underestimate Cult Master Lei's strength. If he were to tell him now that the future development of the security market would be free of charge, although he would not believe it himself, he would definitely ponder over it seriously since it was Li Mu who told him. He was an outstanding man himself. If he came to his senses and became Zhou Hongyi in a flash, he would be in big trouble.

Thunder Lord felt even more uneasy. Li Mu had said that he wanted to change to a new way of playing, but he had immediately said that he had not figured it out yet. He could almost immediately tell that Li Mu was deliberately hiding something. He definitely had a plan in mind and was just not willing to say it.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly looked at Lei Jianguo and asked him with a smile, "Mr. Lei, are you interested in jumping out of the security software industry and doing something bigger?"

Lei Jianguo looked at Li Mu in surprise. "What are the bigger issues?"

"E-commerce."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Zhuoyue has no future, and the future of Jinshan is still uncertain. Instead of that, why not join Taobao and work with me and Boss Liu? We can do something bigger."

Liu Xiaodong was secretly texting. When he heard this, he temporarily put down his phone and raised his head to say to Lei Jianguo, "Mr. Lei, Taobao is currently vigorously recruiting quality partners. If you are interested, Li Zong and I are looking forward to your joining."

Lei Jianguo himself had the genes of a product and E-commerce, but he was really buried in the security software industry. Although he would take the initiative to jump out of the security software industry in the future, that would be many years in the future.

If he could pull him out of Jinshan at this time and place him in Taobao, let him play E-commerce as soon as possible, then in the future, when the hardware market, especially the smartphone market, was opened, he could be pulled out to work on hardware. At that time, he would definitely be able to display the skills and tricks that he used to operate Xiaomi.

At this moment, Lei Jianguo had not expected that Li Mu would actually have the intention to poach him. This was the first time he had met him. Why did he directly invite him to join Taobao?

What did he see in him?

However, although Lei Jianguo was puzzled, he was more or less excited. No matter what, this was a kind of recognition from Li Mu. Although he was much younger than him, in the Internet industry, he was the biggest. To be able to gain his recognition was naturally something to be proud of.

Thinking of this, Lei Jianguo did not think carefully. He first asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, Boss Liu, do you think I am suitable for Taobao?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Suitable, why not?

I know that Joyo Web is your blood and sweat, and you are definitely more inclined towards the E-commerce industry. Since that is the case, why not directly join the best E-commerce company in Hua Xia? "

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "Just now, your own prediction of Jinshan's future was only 'continuous growth' and 'higher and higher.' But everyone knows that the hardware base of the Internet industry has been continuously increasing, and so has the number of users. This is a general dividend of the industry as a whole. Under such circumstances, most companies can achieve 'continuous growth' and 'higher and higher.' Therefore, according to your prediction of Jinshan, it is enough to show that you actually do not have much confidence in the future of Jinshan."

Lei Jianguo hesitated for a moment, smiled awkwardly and said, "It's not that I don't have much confidence, I'm just making a relatively conservative estimate."

Li Mu nodded, accepting Lei Jianguo's words to clear his name. He continued to say, "Unlike you, Boss Lei, my prediction of Taobao's future can only be described as' rapid growth. 'Perhaps in the golden stage of Taobao's development, its valuation can double every few months. Therefore, to you, it is actually a question of whether to take a plane or a train. Sitting on a plane may not be as comfortable as sitting on a train, but at least it is much faster!"

…

Lei Jianguo was a little absent-minded as he ate.

His mind was in a mess. He originally thought that Lei Jianguo was here to discuss the sale of the Outstanding Web, but it turned out that Lei Jianguo wanted to take him down as well.

As the CEO of Jinshan, he was originally very confident in the future development of Jinshan. However, Li Mu suddenly poured a bucket of cold water on him today. First of all, he could confirm that Li Mu was interested in making security software, which would directly conflict with Jinshan. Second, Li Mu definitely had an extraordinary idea, which might directly disrupt the rhythm of the entire industry. Lastly, once Li Mu made his move, Jinshan's future would definitely be even more uncertain.

Lei Jianguo's biggest goal now was to lead Jinshan to go public. After successfully going public, he would also retire and no longer stay at Jinshan. He would do what he was really interested in. However, going public had always been difficult. Moreover, Li Mu made him realize today that because of Li Mu's covetous eyes, the possibility of Jinshan going public might be greatly reduced.

Li Mu's general idea was also very simple. If Lei Jianguo was willing to join Taobao, he would still let him make the books, audio and video. In the future, Liu Xiaodong's focus would be on the construction of logistics, so there must be a strong person to share the operation of Taobao's website. Lei Jianguo was definitely a very good choice. Although this person had not systematically played with mature e-commerce, his ability was there. Perhaps he could bring more fresh inspiration to Li Mu.

After Lei Jianguo joined, Li Mu's next target would be Zhou Hongyi. He would invest in him to make the free security software. In this way, Jinshan would not be completely squeezed out, but the possibility of going public would be much smaller.

At the same time, the free security software would occupy the users' desktop and software distribution. Together with YY, it would occupy the users' traffic and usage time. In this way, the foundation would be more stable.

When Taobao's website became a real giant, Lei Jianguo could get out and do what he was best at — making hardware.

The mobile phone industry would be a huge market in the future. Whether it was software or hardware, Li Mu had to make arrangements in advance. Lei Jianguo was the best candidate to make arrangements for hardware.

Of course, this was only the plan that Li Mu felt was more ideal. Other than that, he had his own backup plan. If Lei Jianguo was not willing to join Taobao, it did not matter. Li Mu would still look for Zhou Hongyi and invest in him to make the free security software. By then, Jinshan would definitely be in big trouble. However, Li Mu had no choice. As long as he decided to enter the security software industry, Jinshan would definitely be implicated.

Li Mu did not want to target Jinshan. He just wanted to target Zhou Hongyi in advance. He could not wait for Zhou Hongyi to become powerful before investing in him to make the security software. At that time, Li Mu was afraid that he would become another stubborn young man like Meituan's King Star. Li Mu did not want to raise a tiger that would bring disaster.

When he said goodbye to Lei Jianguo, Li Mu had not received any definite reply from Lei Jianguo. However, before Lei Jianguo left, he promised Li Mu that once there was any news or any decision, he would get in touch with Li Mu immediately.

After Lei Jianguo left, Li Mu did not sit in Wang Yuanlang's car. Instead, he sat in Liu Yidong's car.

In the car, Li Mu told Liu Yidong about his idea. If Lei Jun was willing to join, he would be his right-hand man for the first two years. After two years, he would take Lei Jun out to try out other new fields.

At the moment, Liu Yidong really needed an experienced person to assist him. Thus, while driving Li Mu, he asked him, "Lei Jun is the CEO of Jinshan. It is said that he has about 15% of the shares. Do you think we can poach him?"

Li Mu said, "Mr. Lei is a smart man. He will weigh the pros and cons carefully. The net assets of Jinshan are actually only tens of millions. If the market prospects are good, the valuation is only a few hundred million. However, with the current influence of Makino Technology and Taobao in the industry, as long as I make a move against Jinshan, the market prospects and valuation of Jinshan will immediately fall. At that time, he may not be able to cash out much of the 15% shares. It is better to cash out now and leave with nothing."

As he said this, Li Mu said confidently, "I think he will definitely be interested. It won't be long before he comes to me to discuss the specific conditions of joining."

Liu Yidong nodded and said to Li Mu, "Oh, by the way, there is something. When we were eating just now, Old Chen sent me a message."

"Chen Tong?" Li Mu frowned and asked him, "What has this brother been busy with recently?"

"I didn't do anything."

Liu Yidong shrugged and said, "Ever since he came out of Sina, he has been looking for a suitable platform. However, YY portal is too strong now, and with YY123's full support, there are no new companies willing to enter the portal. He has not found a suitable opportunity."

As he said this, Liu Yidong waved his hand and said, "Let's get down to business. Old Chen sent me a message to ask you if there are still positions in Makino Technology that can be given to him."