Chapter 490

After listening to Zhang Xiaodi's report on the phone that night, Li Mu realized that his previous idea contained a threat to his existing team. After a deep reflection, he also realized that this matter could not be achieved in the most direct and clumsy way. Although winning with money was very direct, it was also the most unstable. Moreover, he disliked those leaders who thought that foreign monks could recite scriptures the most. He did not expect that he would almost become such a person.

Therefore, after confirming Zhang Xiaodi's approach, Li Mu set a new principle for this matter. First of all, he would poach the team of Teng Xun without giving them any premium. Second, if they chose to go to Sin-Lang, it was very simple. Since they could not be friends, they would still be enemies. If he made them unemployed again, and it was in Yanjing, when they stood on the streets of Yanjing, they must not regret it.

As for Liu Xuebin's promise to meet him in Yanjing, Li Mu did not refuse. He made an appointment with Liu Xuebin in his office at Makino Technology after he met with Sin-Lang.

Later, Li Mu called Zhang Xiaodi and Chen Hui back. The QQ team wanted to observe the market, and there was not much meaning for the two of them to stay there. It was better to come back and focus on their own work.

However, it was not without gains this time. There were still some people who were willing to come directly to Makino Technology, but the number of people was not many. Including Chen Hui's previous six subordinates, there were only a total of eleven people.

After Zhang Xiaodi and Chen Hui returned, Li Mu felt that the matter with Sin-Lang Liangjian should be done as soon as possible.

The first thing to move was the development of two websites. One was the portal, and the other was the navigation station. In fact, the technical level was very simple. For the current development team of Makino Technology, these two websites could be developed on a technical level in the time it took for a group of smokers to smoke a few cigarettes.

While the two websites were being developed rapidly, Lin Ching-ah mobilized the entire human resources department and all the cooperating headhunting companies to frantically search for a chief editor who could take on the responsibility of the portal.

Li Mu's rhythm was very clear. Since it was a completely new department, he should start recruiting from the head of the department. He would recruit the leader first, and then let the leader build his team according to his own preferences. He could bring his former subordinates or interview them one by one. Finally, he would choose the most suitable person. In short, the power to build a team should be completely delegated, and let the leader build a team that he was most satisfied with.

After the team was built, the website could be ready to go online. However, before going online, they had to nurture a certain amount of content. At this time, they would focus on the navigation station, YY123. YY would definitely direct traffic to it, and Li Mu would definitely spend money to buy traffic online. Then, they would place offline advertisements to attract traffic. They would not dare to say that they could surpass Hao123 in a short period of time, but it would be very easy to have a certain amount of traffic in a short period of time. A pop-up window every day would at least have millions of viewers. Even if the conversion rate was only 5%, the daily traffic of this website would still be 100,000 UVs, which was more than 100,000 unique IPs.

At that time, Li Mu would play a small game with Li Xingping called "Let's see how strong your psychological endurance is". YY would directly and violently direct traffic, and there would be an overwhelming amount of advertisements online. In the city where Li Xingping was located, there would be a large number of offline advertisements. Let YY123 completely surround his online and offline life. See if he would be worried or afraid. If he was afraid, then he would give him a fixed price. If he sold it, then sell it. If he didn't sell it, then he would continue to hold it in his hands. If he smashed it in his hands, then don't blame him for not giving him a chance.

The competition in the market was cruel. More often than not, I would attack you if you provoked me, but if I felt that you were developing well in a certain aspect, I would kill you and replace you. The most direct proof was that Teng had trained Lianzhong to the end. Therefore, Li Mu's current mentality towards Hao123 was also very clear. I just took a fancy to your current significance to the Internet market. Don't tell me you're worth 100 million, and don't tell me how much room you have for development. I want to buy you for less than 20 million. Do you sell it or not? If you don't sell it, I will do everything I can to force you to sell it!

… …

This Friday, Xiangnan Satellite TV was in a state of tension.

"Happy Camp", which will be broadcast at 20: 15 tonight, will have a great chance to create a new record.

As the director of "Happy Camp", Zhou Sheng has been waiting for today for nearly half a month. In the past half a month, they have finished recording the first episode after Chen Wan joined "Happy Camp", and they have also cut out a simple trailer. In the past week, it has been interspersed in various programs of Xiangnan Satellite TV from time to time, and has gained the attention of a large number of users. The number of viewers who called to inquire about the program was several times more than the number of users who called to pay attention to any program in the past.

Li Mu also fulfilled his promise. He pushed it on YY Tieba for a long time. Although he took out his energy to push YY's full name Dou Dizhu competition in the middle, because QQ announced that it would stop its service, Li Mu finally began to advertise on YY. At the beginning, he made a bold statement that as long as there were 300,000 daily active users in QQ, he would never let YY accept any advertisements. Now he has not gone back on his word, and the first dialog box advertisement of YY was "Happy Camp". Li Mu gave such a big gift to "Happy Camp", and the flag was also erected very clearly, because he personally formulated two sets of advertising slogans, one was: "Old Boys" star team's debut show, and the other was: "Chen Wan's" Happy Camp "debut show!

Li Mu wanted to send a message to Xiangnan Satellite TV: You must not think that Makino Image and Makino Technology are showing goodwill to you. We are just unswervingly supporting Chen Wan.

Xiangnan Satellite TV naturally knew this, so they were very glad to recruit Chen Wan as a new host. Before, there were people who gossiped, and most of the doubts were: Why do we need to use a newcomer for such an important program?

Didn't she only appear twice in the short film 'Old Boys'? She hasn't even made an official appearance on TV once. How can she match up to our show?

However, now everyone in Xiangnan Satellite TV knows that it's not only Chen Wan who can match up to this program, it can even be said that this program can't match up to Chen Wan. To know what Chen Wan has brought to this program and to Xiangnan Satellite TV, she brought a simple plan and Du Wei's variety debut after the broadcast of "Old Boys", which is also the variety debut in Du Wei's life; she brought the new game "Who is Undercover", which is very popular with the entire Xiangnan Satellite TV staff and even the recording audience; she brought Makino Technology's flood of traffic in the Internet field. To put it in a small way, it's a help to "Happy Camp". To put it in a big way, it's a huge driving force that can make Xiangnan Satellite TV go to a higher level.

Just based on the resources that Chen Wan has brought to Xiangnan Satellite TV, her status in the entire Xiangnan Satellite TV is now comparable to that of Li Xiang. Although Li Xiang has greatly improved in the entire entertainment industry, in terms of background, she is not as good as Chen Wan. Not to mention anything else, just the Makino Technology alone is enough to make Li Xiang break her legs.

The attraction of Chen Wan, the attraction of the main creative team of "Old Boys", and the promotion of Makino Technology have created another miracle. This week's Xiangnan TV News has a page that focuses on this issue of "Happy Camp", and attached a photo of the new and old hosts on the same stage, and sold out on the first day of the market.

This is the best selling issue of "Xiangnan TV News". In most cases, the weekly issue of "Xiangnan TV News" can only sell 70%, and when it is good, 80%. This issue of the TV News was sold out on the day it was released last Wednesday, and an additional 500,000 copies were printed on Wednesday night, and it was still sold out on Thursday, so another 500,000 copies were printed on Friday, and it was officially sold out on Monday. Because it has entered the week of TV broadcasting, and next week's newspaper will go on sale on Wednesday, so the additional printing was stopped.

The leaders and employees of Xiangnan Satellite TV, as well as the director of "Happy Camp" Zhou Sheng, can predict from the abnormally high sales of "Xiangnan TV News" that the ratings of this issue of "Happy Camp" must be amazingly high.

Li Mu received an invitation from Chen Wan a few days ago. Tonight is her debut show in "Happy Camp". She is in Yanjing. She hopes that Li Mu can go to her house to witness it with her. In order to express her gratitude to Li Mu, she will cook at home to entertain Li Mu, so that Li Mu must agree no matter what.

At such an important moment, with such a significant thing, Li Mu naturally can't refuse Chen Wan, so when she just said this, Li Mu agreed and pushed away all the things on Friday night, including Su Yingxue, who wanted to have dinner with him, and Zhao Ziqiu, who sent a text message to ask him to go to the movies.

Li Mu left Makino Technology after work and came to Chen Wan's house at about seven o 'clock in the evening. Chen Wan, who was wearing an apron, opened the door for him and said with a smile, "Sit down for a while, I'm going to wash vegetables."

Li Mu changed into slippers and said, "I'll help you, I have nothing to do anyway."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "How can you do that? Today, I want to thank you properly, not let you push away a bunch of things to come help me."

Li Mu said, "It'll be faster if the two of us do it together, right?"

Chen Wan pinched Li Mu's face, "Don't talk nonsense, go to the living room and watch TV, or go to my bedroom to surf the Internet. My laptop is in the bedroom, don't get involved in the kitchen. I've calculated the time, we can start eating at eight o 'clock on time."

Seeing that she insisted, Li Mu had no choice but to say, "Okay then, I won't trouble you. Don't make too many dishes, two dishes is enough for the two of us."

Chen Wan said, "Aiya, don't worry about it." As she said that, she asked him, "I told you not to drive, you didn't secretly drive to drink some wine tonight, did you?"

Li Mu shook his head and said like an obedient child, "Sister, I took a taxi here …"