Chapter 300

Lin Ching-ah had never been pampered since she was young. Although her brother was seven or eight years older than her, in her childhood memories, her parents still gave the best to her brother, even when he went to school.

Her brother's studies had always been poor and he didn't want to attend junior high school. However, her parents tried to persuade him to go to a vocational school or a technical school. She had good grades since she was young, but her parents still didn't want her to go to school. When she was young, Lin Ching-ah was already very beautiful. Her mother's relatives kept saying that she shouldn't go to school after finishing junior high. Such a beautiful girl should be sent to the south to work. She could support the family while looking for a partner. With her looks, she would definitely find a rich husband.

Her father used to agree with this statement and even didn't want Lin Ching-ah to go to high school. Later, Lin Ching-ah ranked fifth in the county for her high school entrance exam, which was enough for her to go to the best high school in the county. However, a coal high school in the county was willing to waive her tuition and fees for three years and even gave her a bonus of 1,000 yuan. So, Lin Ching-ah compromised and went to that coal high school. That was how she managed to survive for three years.

It was needless to say when he was in university. His family almost didn't give him any living expenses, and he had to rely on himself.

She had spent three years in high school, four years in university, and three years in the workforce. She had never told anyone about her sufferings. Other than her best friend, Chen Yan, no one else knew.

Lin Ching-ah, who had never been valued by her family, had worked for three years and given most of her income back to her family. However, her parents still didn't give her enough respect. They rudely threw the burden of raising money to her, regardless of whether she had the ability or not.

Lin Ching-ah tried to explain to her father, "I can't get that much money right now. Why don't you wait a year or two? Maybe there will be a turnaround in a year or two."

Dad said angrily, "A year or two?

In another one or two months, your brother's girlfriend will disappear again!

Your mother said that if your brother's girlfriend disappears, she will commit suicide by drinking pills. You do what you want! "

Lin Ching-ah cried and said that she really didn't have that much money. Even if she was forced to die, she couldn't afford it. She didn't say that she had a million yuan of options. On the one hand, it wasn't time to cash out the options. On the other hand, she knew that if she said that, her parents might appear at the company entrance tomorrow and force her to find a way to exchange the options into enough money for her brother's wedding. Then, she would happily take the money home and prepare for her brother's wedding.

Unexpectedly, her father said, "Then you might as well come back. I'll find someone to introduce you to a rich in-law. Your Auntie Cao talks to your mother every day, saying that if you come back to our county to find a in-law, it won't be a problem for you to find a millionaire. At that time, your in-law will give you a big betrothal gift, and your brother's wedding will be settled. At that time, you and your brother will be able to get married. Your mother and I will be able to die in peace."

At that moment, Lin Ching-ah gave up. She said that she definitely wouldn't go back, and she wouldn't marry according to his arrangements. Her father said, "Then you have to find a way to get 150,000 yuan for your brother to get married. Otherwise, your mother and I will break off our relationship. You can live a good life in Yanjing alone. Our life and death have nothing to do with you. Maybe one day, your mother and I will drink pesticide and die together. At that time, our house can be left for your brother to get married. My company can even give us some funeral expenses. It can barely make up for the betrothal gift."

Lin Ching-ah was heartbroken. She simply made up her mind and said, "You don't have to say anything. I'll find a way to get the money for you. In the future, don't look for me for these family matters. When you and mom are old, I'll pay for your retirement. I don't care about anything else. If something like this happens again, don't look for me."

Lin Ching-ah's father said, "Alright, take out 150,000 yuan. Your mother and I don't want you to cry even if we die."

Lin Ching-ah said angrily, "I'll give you 200,000 yuan. That's enough for my brother to have a baby!"

These few days, Lin Ching-ah had been thinking about how to get 200,000 yuan for her family. Later on, she thought about it. The company was developing so smoothly now. If they could get Series B, she might as well cash out the options. Although she knew that there was more room for appreciation, she couldn't wait to take out 200,000 yuan to solve the biggest problem in her heart. This was her inner demon. If she didn't overcome it, she would never be at peace.

Li Mu didn't know about these things. He just felt that, in his impression, Lin Ching-ah was a person with a long-term vision. She should be able to see the future development of Makino Technology. This was just the prelude. The real heavy blow had not been dealt yet.

Not to mention other things, if Happy Farm could raise YY, Li Mu was confident that the company's valuation would reach billions. If he took the opportunity to launch a few auxiliary products, he would basically be invincible in the country. How long would it take to achieve this step?

It might even take the whole year 2002.

Therefore, if he sold his shares at this time, he would definitely suffer a huge loss. How could Lin Ching-ah not see it?

Li Mu asked her, "Are you facing any financial difficulties?

Are you in urgent need of money? "

Lin Ching-ah said awkwardly, "Something happened at home. I'm in urgent need of money."

Li Mu nodded and said almost without thinking, "Give me a number. I'll lend you the money first."

Lin Ching-ah hurriedly waved her hand and said, "No, no, Li Zong. When the company finances Series B, I'll cash out the options, and all the problems will be solved."

Li Mu said, "If you really want to cash out, I can find a way to get three million in cash now and take back the options of your one point. But you have to understand, whether it's three million or five million, you're the one who will suffer a loss in the end, not me."

"I know …" Lin Ching-ah lowered her eyelids and said in a low voice, "In fact, I'm already very satisfied that you trusted me so much and promised me one point before I came to Makino Technology. Let alone three million, even if it was one million, I would be very lucky. Otherwise, with my situation, I wouldn't be able to earn so much money even if I worked for ten years."

Li Mu frowned and said, "You're usually so confident, why are you so narrow-minded today?"

Lin Ching-ah hesitated again and again and stammered, "I … I …" But she couldn't say anything for a long time.

Li Mu simply pulled the car over to the side of the road, turned on the flashing lights, looked at Lin Ching-ah from the side, and said in a serious and unquestionable tone, "I can't watch you be stupid. Your options are held by me, so I'm telling you now, I won't allow you to cash out the options before Series C. Don't even think about it. If you lack money, you can find a way, but smart people won't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs!"

Lin Ching-ah didn't expect to be reprimanded by a boy who was five or six years younger than her. Moreover, she was reprimanded to the point that her face turned red, and she couldn't refute at all. She couldn't control her tears, and her eyes became hot, and tears were already swirling in her eyes.

Li Mu realized that his words were a little harsh, so he changed to a slightly gentler tone and continued to say, "If you encounter any problems and need money to solve them, tell me. If I can solve it personally, I'll help you solve it. If I can't solve it personally, no problem, we'll have money after Series B. At that time, we can lend money to you personally from the company's account. But when you encounter a problem, you don't tell me the whole story, and you actually foolishly want to cash out the options before Series B. You've really disappointed me. Is this still the Lin Ching-ah I know?

Is this still the beautiful VP of my company?

I'm still counting on you to use your foresight and your ability to prop up half of the company for me, but you're making me doubt my own foresight? "

Although his tone was gentler, Li Mu's words were still a sharp attack on Lin Ching-ah's fragile psychological defense, so much so that Lin Ching-ah couldn't hold it in and instantly burst into tears. This made Li Mu a little flustered, and he hurriedly took out a tissue from the glove box and handed it over, apologizing while asking her what exactly happened.

Lin Qingya's mental defenses had collapsed, and all the negative emotions in her heart had been released. She urgently needed someone to listen to her and help her digest them. Thus, she recounted all the sad things that had happened to her and her family in the past few years.

After listening, Li Mu wasn't very shocked. He had seen a lot of the older generation's patriarchal behavior, and he had even heard of marriage swapping. Both sides had children, and their daughters would marry each other's sons so that they could carry on the family line. Even if the woman was unwilling, she had to make a sacrifice.

Although Li Mu also thought that Lin Ching-ah's parents were really too much, he couldn't say such things, and there was no need to say it. He just gently patted Lin Ching-ah's back, comforting her to stop crying, and said, "200,000 yuan, right? I'll have someone transfer it to your account tomorrow. After the company's C series, or even D series, or E series, you can cash out the options and then pay me back."

After that, Li Mu added, "If the cash out value of the options is less than 30 million yuan, don't think about cashing out."

Lin Ching-ah hurriedly said, "Li Zong, I …"

Li Mu immediately interrupted her and said, "Don't give them 200,000 yuan all at once, it will spoil them. Give your brother 150,000 yuan to get married first, and the remaining 50,000 yuan will be settled with your family. When your brother has a child, you will naturally give him the money, but before the child is born, no one can ask for it. As long as they ask, you won't give them the money. You must be strong, so that they don't dare to disobey you."

Lin Qingya stared at Li Mu with reddened eyes. She had originally wanted to reject him, but at this moment, there was no way she could do so. Although Li Mu's words were domineering, she was incomparably touched. She could even feel that this boy beside her was actually able to give her such a strong sense of security. At this moment, she even had a childish feeling that this boy in front of her was like the Prince Charming from a fairytale, the one who would save people from disaster. Even if her role was to be his servant and not his Cinderella, it still could not stop her from pouring out all of her girlish heart for him.