Chapter 1537

No one had expected someone to fight on such an occasion.

Everyone looked at Li Mu with confusion and surprise. Many people did not understand why Li Mu would do such a thing that was completely inconsistent with his identity.

At this time, Li Mu spoke first.

He tidied up his slightly messy suit, glanced at George McMillan, and said calmly to the people around him, "Mr. McMillan said that Hua Xia people are not good at sports. As a Hua Xia person, it is necessary for me to demonstrate to him what Hua Xia Kung Fu is. At the same time, I will teach him a lesson. Don't casually insult the people of any country. If there is a next time, I won't be so polite!"

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, the scene was filled with whispers.

Most of the British people present were well aware of George McMillan's arrogance. They did not doubt what Li Mu had said at all. However, they did not expect George McMillan to be so brainless as to insult Hua Xia people in front of Li Mu.

The entire McMillan family's assets added up might not even be one-third of Li Mu's value.

At this time, George McMillan, who was lying on the ground with Li Mu stepping on his neck, was about to explode. He had never been beaten up in his life. He did not expect to be beaten up twice by Li Mu in front of so many people. This was too humiliating.

He struggled to get up, sobbing and cursing, "F * ck!

Damn Hua Xia trash, how dare you f * cking hit me? "

As soon as these words came out, there was an uproar.

Li Mu frowned slightly when he heard this. He exerted more force with his toes and said expressionlessly, "You have three seconds to take back what you just said and apologize to me."

George McMillan's veins popped out. He struggled violently and roared, "I will!

will

fucking

kill

you！”

I'm going to f * cking kill you!

Li Mu sneered. He raised his foot and kicked George McMillan in the abdomen, causing him to lie on the ground and cough repeatedly. Even his face and neck turned red from anger.

At this moment, William McMillan rushed over with several other members of the McMillan family. William McMillan pulled George up from the ground and questioned Li Mu loudly, "Mr Lee, as a gentleman, how can you casually attack others?"

Li Mu glanced at him and said, "If I say f * ck the McMillan family and the McMillan family are all damn pigs, will you think I'm a gentleman?"

"You … How can you curse and attack our McMillan family!" William McMillan had never been subjected to this before and was immediately furious.

Several other members of the McMillan family, who were in their forties, immediately stepped forward to demand an explanation from Li Mu when they saw George McMillan being beaten and William McMillan trembling with anger.

They surrounded Li Mu aggressively. However, before they could reach Li Mu, Wang Yuanlang and two of Li Mu's personal bodyguards rushed over and stood between them and Li Mu.

Wang Yuanlang stared at them expressionlessly and shouted, "Stay-Back!"

They cursed and wanted to step forward. Wang Yuanlang raised his voice again and shouted angrily in English, "I said, all of you f * cking step back!

Don't blame me for being rude to anyone who takes another step forward! "

"How dare you f * cking Hua Xia people shout in front of me!" One of the McMillan family members didn't buy Wang Yuanlang's words. He puffed out his chest and was about to step forward.

Wang Yuanlang suddenly reached out and grabbed his right arm. Then, he twisted his wrist. The man instantly felt a huge force and pain in his arm. Then, his whole body turned half a circle with his arm. His back was facing Wang Yuanlang, and his arm had been locked tightly. It was extremely painful.

Wang Yuanlang was very ruthless. He directly locked the man's neck from behind and warned coldly, "If you continue to try to violate Mr. Lee, I can break your neck at any time!"

A middle-aged man was no match for a strong special forces soldier. The McMillan family bastard's face immediately turned red and purple. His arrogance had completely disappeared.

William McMillan was also furious. He didn't stop until he was in front of Wang Yuanlang. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, you must apologize to the McMillan family for your actions and words!"

"Apologize?"

Li Mu sneered and said, "Listen carefully. What I said just now was: 'If I said f * ck the McMillan family and the McMillan family are all f * cking stupid pigs, do you know what' if 'means?"

After saying that, he pointed to George McMillan and said coldly, "Ask this good gentleman cultivated by your gentleman family how many insulting words he said in front of me just now. I only f * cking mentioned the McMillan family, and it was just an example, and you're so angry?

In this way, the so-called gentleman cultivated by your family insulted my motherland and 1.3 billion compatriots. It's already a gentleman enough that I didn't f * cking kill him on the spot! "

"You …" William McMillan didn't know how to retort. Was it really as Li Mu had said? His eldest grandson, George, who he had always spoiled, had insulted Hua Xia in front of Li Mu?

That would be a little f * cking tricky.

At this time, Wendy Gauber stood beside Li Mu and said in a neither servile nor overbearing manner, "I swear to God, George McMillan insulted Hua Xia several times in front of Mr. Lee just now. This is really a disgrace to the British."

"Fuck-you, Wendy!"

George McMillan pointed at Wendy and scolded, "You're a f * cking whore. Did you not close your legs the moment you saw this Li?

Did you stand up to defend him because you couldn't wait to get into his bed? "

"Sir, please watch your language!"

Prince William suddenly stood up and looked at George McMillan angrily. He said, "I heard your rude words to Mr. Lee and even insulted Hua Xia just now. I can also swear to God that everyone present heard the filthy words you said to Miss Wendy just now. You are a disgrace to the McMillan family and even the whole of England!"

Not only did Wendy stand up to prove that George McMillan had insulted Hua Xia in front of Li Mu, even Prince William stood up and swore in the name of God. This time, everyone present looked at George McMillan with disdain.

Everyone who came today was a member of the upper class, and they all regarded themselves as gentlemen and nobles. The most important thing was the embodiment of personal quality. George McMillan had actually taken the initiative to insult Hua Xia in front of Li Mu. In everyone's eyes, this was the most stupid thing to do. Not only did he have no quality, but he also had no intelligence. He deserved to be beaten.

George McMillan did not expect Prince William to stand up for Li Mu. For a moment, he did not know how to deal with it. Although the British royal family had long lost their actual power, they were still the symbol of the country. No one dared to provoke them. Otherwise, it would definitely arouse public anger.

William McMillan began to panic at this time.

He was not afraid of offending Li Mu. Even if Li Mu was richer than his family, his family was not in the Internet industry and had no direct business conflict with Li Mu. In this case, even if they really fell out, Li Mu could not do anything to him.

However, his good grandson, George, had actually been stupid enough to insult Hua Xia in front of Li Mu. This was really f * cking terrible.

Now that even Prince William had stood up to accuse George, it could be imagined that George had become a scum in the eyes of everyone present. Not only would the people present despise him, but they would also despise the entire McMillan family, including William McMillan.

Thus, William McMillan's attitude immediately took a 180-degree turn. He said to Li Mu apologetically, "Mr. Li, I'm really sorry. George is still young, and his words and actions are thoughtless. Please forgive him if he has offended you."

Li Mu frowned and asked, "Are you f * cking kidding-me?"

"Are you f * cking kidding me?"

William McMillan did not know why his humble apology to Li Mu had been met with such a rude question from Li Mu.

While he was puzzled, Li Mu pointed at George McMillan and said, "This guy is two or three years older than me. You came to me and told me that he is too young and asked me to forgive him?

What a huge joke! "

The people around them could not help but laugh out loud.

Li Mu was right. George was 24 years old, older than Li Mu. William McMillan had asked Li Mu to forgive him on the grounds that he was young. This was really a big joke. In the future, this joke would be circulated as a joke in the upper class of Britain for at least a year.

Only then did William McMillan realize that he had ignored Li Mu's age. He hurriedly said, "I'm really sorry, Mr. Li. I was thoughtless. I apologize to you on behalf of George …"

Li Mu waved his hand with a serious expression and said inhumanely, "It's useless for you to apologize to me on his behalf. I won't accept it. Besides, I don't need you or him to apologize to me. What I need is for him to take back all his inappropriate remarks in public and apologize to everyone who was hurt by his inappropriate remarks."

If Li Mu was serious, he would not give up until he achieved his goal. He would not accept any alternative.

William McMillan pondered for a moment, then turned his head and looked at George McMillan beside him. He said sternly, "George, did you hear what Mr. Li said?

Hurry up and do it! "

George McMillan had just been beaten up by Li Mu and lost face in front of so many people. He was extremely unwilling to apologize to Li Mu now.

Seeing that George was still not moving, William McMillan became anxious and shouted, "George!

Hurry up and do it! "

George McMillan hadn't expected his grandfather, who had always doted on him, to speak to him in such a harsh tone. All the grievances he felt immediately surged up. He pointed at Li Mu and said to William McMillan, "Grandpa, you have to know that he was the one who hit me!

This is the first time I've been hit in my life, and you actually want me to apologize to him? "

William McMillan looked at George with a look of exasperation. He was anxious and angry.

Old William knew very well that if George continued to be stubborn like this, his future life would be shrouded in a huge shadow because of what had happened today.

Not only would everyone present despise him in their hearts, but this matter would also continue to ferment and spread more widely. At that time, George might become a street rat and be shouted at by everyone.

How could a person who was despised by everyone be qualified to be the person in charge of the McMillan family?

Wouldn't that be pushing the McMillan family into the fire pit?