Chapter 1534

Bill Gates had been trying his best to listen to every note that came out of Li Mu's mouth.

But unfortunately, in Li Mu's Chinese, he could only really understand one word – "Microsoft."

Except for his company's name, Bill Gates couldn't understand any other Chinese words that Li Mu said, so he didn't know what Li Mu was instructing Li Ziwei. However, he accurately captured a few English words, such as YYtunes and Twitter.

Then the problem was that he heard a total of three keywords, namely: Microsoft, YYtunes, and Twitter.

Needless to say, Microsoft was his family's company. Needless to say, YYtunes was the online music listening and purchase platform of Makino Technology in developed countries such as Europe and the United States. At the same time, it was a global community with music as its core. Even Bill Gates himself was a user of YYtunes.

The only thing that Bill Gates couldn't understand was the mysterious code name – Twitter.

He had long heard that Makino Technology had set up a Twitter division, but he didn't know what product this division was developing. Li Mu just said that he was going to release a new product today to "liven things up." Now, he mentioned his company and Twitter to Li Ziwei, so it was likely that the product that he was going to release tonight was Twitter.

However, what did Twitter have to do with YYtunes?

Could it be that Twitter and YYtunes were similar or complementary?

When he thought of this, Bill Gates was relieved. If it was a product similar to YYtunes, or a product that could complement YYtunes, then he could basically be sure that the scope of this product would not be very big.

In contrast, his own MSN ecosystem and the new blog concept were very big. Especially the blog, from the concept to the model to the product development, it was something that Makino Technology didn't have. Once it was launched, it would immediately crush Makino Technology's blog and set off a new blog trend.

So now the only thing that Bill Gates was worried about was that Li Mu's Twitter was also a blog product. As for the rest, he wasn't worried at all.

…

While Li Mu was enjoying the sumptuous dinner provided by the Goldberg family, Lin Ching-ah received a call from Li Ziwei.

Three minutes later, she hung up the phone. The first thing she did was to convene all the core managers of the North American branch of Makino Technology and hold a video conference with the management of the Yan Jing headquarters.

The development and internal testing of Twitter had already been completed. The reason why it was not launched was that Li Mu was waiting for Microsoft's MSN to be reborn. Once Microsoft's MSN made a comeback, Makino Technology would release Twitter and push it vigorously, quickly forming a global trend and directly reducing the attention of MSN to the freezing point.

Li Mu felt that the biggest blow to MSN was not to make it disliked or rejected by users after it went online, but to make it directly forgotten by users after it went online.

So, she began to assign tasks according to Li Mu's requirements. The North American region was responsible for contacting the top 100 European and American singers on YYtunes. First, she told them that Makino Technology was about to launch a new publicity platform, let them provide simple information, and prepare to say hello to Twitter users.

The information was very simple. They only needed a login account, a photo used as an avatar, and a personal introduction.

The way to say hello was also very simple. Everyone wrote a sign saying "I'm XXX, I'm waiting for you on Twitter!", put it on their chest, took a photo, and sent it to the staff of YYtunes.

At that time, Makino Technology would officially open an official Twitter account for them, set an initial password, fill in their own personal introduction, and make an avatar based on the photo they sent. At the same time, they would use their account to post their first Twitter.

Ever since YYtunes became the world's largest online music sales platform, record companies, singers, and orchestras in Europe and the United States had all sharpened their heads to get into YYtunes. This was because YYtunes was not only a music audition platform with huge traffic, but it was also a digital music sales platform. The release of music on YYtunes was equivalent to an additional revenue generating channel. Moreover, if one had the opportunity to obtain resources from YYtunes, they would achieve both fame and fortune.

Moreover, because of the huge number of users of YYtunes, the major charts of YYtunes had become the most authoritative rankings in the music industry. Every singer hoped to be on the top of the YYtunes chart.

It was precisely because YYtunes had such a great influence on the music industry that these singers had a very high degree of cooperation with YYtunes and Makino Technology.

Those famous producers and agents in the music industry would circle around YYtunes every day. One day, they would want to fight for a recommendation resource for a singer in their hands. The next day, they would want to send one of their singer's songs to a recommendation feature on YYtunes. They would even constantly strive for YYtunes to interview their artists. Every resource given by YYtunes could successfully convert a group of new fans for the singer, convert into new sales, and at the same time, increase the singer's reputation and value.

Under this premise, when these top-ranked singers' agents heard that Makino Technology was going to launch a new media platform and invited their artists in advance, each of them was very excited and expressed their full cooperation on the spot.

Later, these agents began to communicate with their singers. Some of these singers were recording, some were rehearsing, some were rushing to work, some were preparing for overseas performances, and some were on vacation. However, at this moment, without exception, all of them stopped what they were doing and began to prepare information according to the requirements of Makino Technology.

It was easy to get photos and personal profiles that were suitable for headshots. The agents had them in their hands. All they needed to do was to quickly follow the requirements of Makino Technology and take a photo of themselves holding a welcoming message.

Although camera phones were not popular enough nowadays, and the pixel and image quality were relatively poor, fortunately, almost all these singers were accompanied by photographers. So, they immediately began to prepare the welcoming message and then looked for the best scene around them to take photos.

When these photos and information were continuously sorted out and submitted to Makino Technology, the entertainment industry in Hua Xia, which was on the other side of the world, became even more lively.

Makino Technology had a great influence in the European and American music circles, but its influence in the Hua Xia entertainment industry was even greater.

When the stars in the Hua Xia entertainment industry rose up on Tieba, they knew the great power of Makino Technology. Every star was looking forward to the opportunity to have in-depth cooperation with Makino Technology. And now, the opportunity had come.

Although it was still early in the morning in Hua Xia, the public relations team of Makino Technology's headquarters had contacted the agents and agencies of hundreds of Hua Xia and Chinese artists in a short time, and informed them of the first batch of stars to be invited to the new platform of Makino Technology. If the other party was interested in participating in the first batch of activities, then they must submit the required information before five o 'clock in the morning.

At six o 'clock in the morning in Beijing, which was six o' clock the day before in New York and eleven o 'clock in the evening in London, Twitter (Weibo) would be launched around the world at the same time.

The reason why stars from both the East and the West were not contacted a few days in advance was mainly to keep the product confidential. Now, a small number of elite singers and stars were selected to participate. After Twitter was officially launched today and created an influence, tomorrow, when everyone was paying attention to Twitter, Makino Technology would officially invite all record companies, film companies, famous actors, and celebrities from all walks of life, enterprises, and institutions to join Twitter. He wanted to use his strong influence to quickly build Twitter into a social platform with a large number of users and traffic.

Such an intensive and all-encompassing celebrity entry plan was to achieve as much coverage as possible for netizens. If everything went smoothly, in the next two days, almost all netizens would discover that their favorite singers or celebrities had already entered Twitter. They would have the opportunity to communicate with them publicly on the Internet, and this would quickly attract them to Twitter.

Moreover, in order to let users start socializing on Twitter as soon as possible, Li Mu instructed the Twitter team to use the YY login interface. This way, as long as the user logged in with the YY number, they would be able to see which of their friends had already joined Twitter. If they were interested, they could follow him or go directly to his Twitter homepage for answers. This would be very convenient for users to get used to and adapt to Twitter.

Once Twitter became popular, Microsoft would lose all attention. If a new product was launched without any popularity, it would basically be a dead end.

… …

Seattle, USA.

Microsoft was making the final preparations for the launch of MSN ecosystem.

Since MSN was shut down by YY, Microsoft had been enduring hardships and made great efforts for the new MSN and its ecosystem to achieve great success. They wanted to gradually snatch social users back from YY and realize Microsoft's dream of diversified development.

At this time, Peter, the vice president in his hometown, had just received a piece of news that made him panic.

One of his public relations managers told him that at present, the top 100 YYtunes European and American Music Chart singers were taking photos for Makino Technology, preparing to enter the new platform that Makino Technology was about to launch.

As soon as he heard that Makino Technology was also going to launch a new platform today, Peter couldn't sit still. He asked, "What is the name of the new platform that Makino Technology is going to launch this time?

What type is it? "

The public relations manager said, "This is not clear yet. Makino Technology is still in a state of secrecy for the time being. These stars themselves don't know."

"Damn it …" Pete suddenly had a bad feeling about this. "Mu Ye Technology's new platform couldn't have been earlier or later. Of all times, they chose to launch it now. There's a 99% chance that they're going against us …"

The public relations manager nodded and said, "The combined influence of these 100 people is very big. Each of them has more than 10 million fans around the world. If we don't count the number of fans, the number of fans covered will exceed 10 billion. If we count the number of fans, they can basically capture all the European and American people who like music and can surf the internet!"

Peter panicked. The combined influence of these 100 stars was really too big. He had never heard of an internet platform that had so many stars at the same time. With Li Mu's actions, it would definitely be earth-shattering news. Big news with so many stars would attract the attention of the netizens. This would bring a huge blow to the launch of Microsoft's new ecosystem!