Chapter 186

Li Mu had a quick lunch and went straight to the school's audio-visual education building. The items donated by Baidu were about to arrive, and Li Mu still had to plan how to use the three classrooms.

The three classrooms arranged by the school had been connected, and a gap of about 1.5 meters wide had been opened between each classroom. The workers had just cleared away the construction waste and were preparing to install a two-way glass door according to Li Mu's request.

At 1: 30 in the afternoon, a few staff members from Baidu rushed to the National People's Congress and met Li Mu in the audio-visual education building. According to them, the supplier of the office desks and chairs would arrive soon. They had sent eight workers to install the desks and chairs as soon as possible. At 2 o 'clock, the computer equipment supplier would arrive to install the computers. As for the media, Baidu had already informed them to arrive at 2: 30 sharp.

Soon, the audio-visual education building began to bustle with activity. While the office desks were being assembled, Tan Yaocheng also rushed over.

As soon as he saw Li Mu, Tan Yaocheng hurried forward to shake hands with Li Mu and said politely, "Thank you for your hard work, brother. The media will arrive at 2: 30, and we will be done by 3."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't be so polite, CEO Tan. It's what I should do. After all, Baidu has donated so many hardware facilities to 3321. I'm very grateful to you and Baidu."

Tan Yaocheng smiled and said, "It's what I should do. Let's not talk about our partnership first. Which company doesn't want to create a corporate image with a sense of social responsibility?

Working with 3321 is definitely one of the best choices in the field of public welfare. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "CEO Tan, you're here at the right time. I have something else that I need your help with."

Tan Yaocheng asked, "Tell me, what is it?"

Li Mu said, "3321 should settle the salaries of last week's students, but I don't have a full-time finance and cashier here. I want to ask the finance department at Baidu to help me settle the salaries on my behalf. The money will be paid to Baidu on a consolidated basis."

Tan Yaocheng thought about it. This was not a big deal. It was nothing more than asking the finance department to go to the company for half a day. So, he agreed and said, "Okay, you name a time. I will ask someone to inform the finance department to go to the company to work overtime."

Li Mu nodded his head and said, "I'll get the technician to send out the details of the accounts from the backend. Introduce someone to them and let them contact them."

"Okay, I'll call them now and ask them to work overtime at the company."

After waiting for nearly an hour, many desks and computers had been set up at the scene. The reporters also rushed to the scene one after another.

For this donation to 3321, Baidu had invited seven or eight media outlets. Among them, there was only one TV media outlet, Beijing TV Station, two print media outlets, and the rest were all major internet portals.

These media outlets had already interviewed 3321, and Li Mu had also interacted with their reporters. After Li Mu arrived at the scene, he paid attention to all the media outlets at the scene and did not see any new media outlets.

Li Mu was a little disappointed. Until now, not a single national media outlet had reported on 3321. Logically speaking, it was impossible for them not to have received this news, and they should not have taken an indifferent attitude. It was just that he did not know what they were still waiting for.

For this interview, Li Mu decided to return the favor to Baidu. So in the interview, he repeatedly emphasized that Baidu had taken the initiative to undertake the follow-up hardware and software needs of 3321, and decided to become a partner in the field of public welfare with 3321. He boasted about Baidu's integrity to a new height.

Tan Yaocheng did not expect Li Mu to give him face. He sighed in his heart. This money was really worth it.

Other than the interview about this donation, the reporters were also very concerned about this week's auction data for 3321. Li Mu did not hide anything and told the news media about this week's actual transaction data. The interview ended amidst the astonishment of all the reporters.

After the interview, Li Mu received a call from Chen Wan. She was ready to board the plane.

Li Mu made an appointment to meet her at the airport. Then, he called Sun Jian and Hu Zhengdao to come over and help keep an eye on the progress. Then, he left the school and returned to Yucheng Garden to drive the GL8 he just bought. He found a good location and booked a room for Chen Wan in a four-star hotel. Then, he went straight to the airport.

…

When Chen Wan saw Li Mu standing behind the exit railing of the airport, she was as excited as an eighteen -year-old girl who had just fallen in love.

Chen Wan, who was carrying a small suitcase, quickly ran out of the exit. Li Mu also walked towards her, but he did not expect to be hugged tightly by Chen Wan as soon as he arrived in front of her.

"Naughty boy, did you miss your sister?"

"Yes." Li Mu laughed and teased, "Sister, you have become more beautiful."

Chen Wan had changed a lot in her dressing today. She wore a mid-length trench coat, slim pants, and high heels. She looked a lot more mature, and her temperament was also very different from before.

Chen Wan was praised by Li Mu and felt shy. She looked down and asked, "You only know how to coax me. How have I become more beautiful?"

"Temperament." Li Mu said seriously, "Why are you dressed so formally today?"

Chen Wan looked down at her dress and smiled. "I actually don't like wearing this kind of dress, but I still want to familiarize myself with it in advance. I don't want to be seen as unnatural during the interview. I am not very confident in the two television stations that I will be interviewing with this time."

Li Mu nodded and took the suitcase from her hand. As he led her out of the airport, he said with a smile, "You have such good qualifications, you will definitely pass this interview."

Chen Wan said, "I am not that confident. Before I came, I asked someone to ask around. The chances of Central TV is very slim. It basically has a passing rate of five out of a thousand. Yanjing TV Station is slightly better, around one percent."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Such a low passing rate?"

Chen Wan shrugged her shoulders and said, "That's right. Beijing's Media University has the best broadcasting and hosting majors in the country. Every year, hundreds of people graduate from here. The first choice of graduates from Jilin University for related majors is also the two television stations in Beijing. Everyone is trying their best to go to Beijing, so the passing rate of the interview is naturally much lower."

Li Mu encouraged, "Sister, I believe in your ability. It will definitely not be a problem!"

Chen Wan said with a smile, "I am not as confident as you. Just now on the plane, I was still thinking what to do if I don't succeed in the two television stations."

Li Mu said, "If you don't succeed in the two television stations, then I will find a job for you."

"Okay."

Chen Wan said, "Then I don't care. If I don't get the interview with either of these television stations, I will just stay in Yanjing and eat your food, drink your water, and live in your place. Let's see how long you can last."

Li Mu said with a smile, "From my point of view, with your ability to make money, you really can last as long as you want."

"Keep bragging." Chen Wan's words were disdainful, but her heart was filled with sweetness.

After getting in the car, Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "What do you want to eat tonight?"

Chen Wan thought for a moment and said, "I want to eat spicy crayfish."

"Okay, I will take you to the best place in Yanjing."

"Little tycoon is really different. You have a successful career at such a young age, and you even bought a new car to drive. At your age, you really can't find a second person like you. The girls in your school must be crazy about you, right?"

Li Mu laughed awkwardly, "I live in the dormitory, so I don't usually drive in school. To be honest, this car is usually parked outside the school. There are actually quite a lot of people driving to school. For every 100 people, there are at least a few dozen, and they are all Yanjing locals."

Chen Wan nodded, "It's better to keep a low profile."

As she spoke, Chen Wan said, "Oh right, my cousin asked me to pass a message to you."

"Oh?

What message does he want you to pass to me? "

Li Mu had not been in contact with Zhang Kexuan and the others for a while. They had been quite busy recently, and news of them could often be seen on TV and the Internet. They were always performing everywhere, and some time ago, they followed a charity performance team to perform in Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Now, their two most popular songs were "Sunflower" and "Fly Higher." The latter was especially good. Last month, there was a pop music award ceremony in Shanghai, and this song was named the best song of the year and the best lyrics of the year.

Chen Wan said, "They received an invitation from Central TV to participate in this year's Spring Festival Gala. He said that in a few days, he will come to Yanjing to see you after he comes back from a performance."

"Simple Plan was invited to the Spring Festival Gala?

So awesome? "

Li Mu was stunned. Central TV's Spring Festival Gala could be said to be the most difficult program to get on TV. They would only invite A-list celebrities. As for B-list celebrities who wanted to get on the Spring Festival Gala, they had to rely on ability, luck, and connections. It was really hard to imagine that Simple Plan would actually get an invitation to Central TV's Spring Festival Gala.

Chen Wan said with some regret, "Actually, it's all because of you. If you didn't give the song to them, you would have become popular long ago."

Li Mu waved it off. "I don't want to be a singer. Oh right, which song did Central TV invite them to sing for the Spring Festival Gala?"

"Fly Higher, of course."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "This song is now their signature song. No matter what performance they take part in, this song is a must-have, especially for the television stations. They especially like this song. But looking at the emotions of the live audience during their performances, Old Boys' song is actually more popular. In karaoke, it's usually the number one hit, and it has never fallen out of the top three."

Li Mu nodded. He thought to himself, 'Old Boys' song alone can become popular all over the country. If they could bring out the micro movie as well, the influence would probably be even greater, right? '

The micro movie of 'Old Boys' was mainly about stirring up emotions and motivating people. It was a very good entry point. Paired with the song of the same name, 'Old Boys', the micro movie quickly became popular all over the country. The Chopsticks Brothers also became an instant hit. If the concept of "big IP" was used in the future, the song 'Old Boys' was now a big IP. If they could make a micro movie out of it, it would probably be very popular for a while.