Chapter 40

After leaving, Li Mu called the landlord, and it was a woman who answered the phone.

"Hello, who is it?"

"Hello, have you rented out your shop at the west gate?"

"Oh, not yet." The woman suddenly became a lot more enthusiastic and said, "Are you interested?

Let me tell you, my shop will expire in a few days, and there have been a lot of inquiries recently! "

Li Mu smiled slightly. "What's the price?"

"It depends on how you rent it."

The woman smiled and said, "The market is good this year. Look at the shop not far from our shop. It is said that it can earn tens of thousands of yuan a month. My shop is much bigger and wider than it. It's just right to hang a big door. It's very stylish."

Li Mu said, "Just tell me. How do you rent it and what's the price?"

The woman hesitated for a moment and said, "If it's an annual payment, it's 88,000 yuan a year. I originally wanted 90,000 yuan for good luck. It's about 7,300 yuan a month."

"How long will the contract be signed?"

"I think it's best to sign the contract once a year, or once every two years, because you know that the market is constantly changing. It's impossible to sign it for too long at one time."

"Sister."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "You still overestimate the economic level of our people in Haizhou. You said that Benny Road can earn tens of thousands of yuan a month. Who knows if it's true or not?

You can't show others the list of their shops. How can others rent at the price you say? "

Li Mu's words were exactly what the landlord was thinking.

The landlord herself thought that the shop next to Benny Road was so profitable, so the rent of this shop should naturally rise. However, the whole of Haizhou had not formed a large-scale understanding that the clothing market would develop rapidly. Therefore, it was useless for landlords to have foresight at this time. Investors needed foresight. Otherwise, if the price was high and no one wanted to rent it, it would be in vain.

In the past few days, she had also asked someone to spread the news. Among the feedback she received, there were also people who wanted to open an exclusive store, but they were still hesitating. After all, the cost of joining an exclusive store was very high. They had to follow the requirements of the head office to renovate, stock up, and hire people. After all, rent was a small part of it, and the rest was the big part. Therefore, they did not dare to make a move for the time being.

Therefore, the feedback she received was basically that the price was too high, which also made her a little annoyed. Her storefront would expire in three days, and she could go to collect the house. If she was idle at that time, she would lose two or three hundred yuan every day.

"Are you going to open a specialty store?" The woman on the phone asked tentatively.

"I haven't thought it through."

Li Mu sighed. "I want to do it, but the expenses in other aspects are too high, and the cost is also high. These days, hiring a salesperson costs five or six hundred. You said that Benelux earns tens of thousands a month, but his cost is not low either. How can he open a store without four or five hundred thousand?"

The other party sucked in a breath. "Then how do you want to rent it?"

Li Mu thought for a moment. "It's impossible for you to sign a contract every two years. If I open a specialty store, just the renovation alone will cost more than a hundred thousand yuan. If you say you don't want to rent it after two years, what should I do?"

"Then tell me, how do you want to rent it?"

Li Mu said, "How about this, I won't bargain with you. Eighty-eight thousand it is, but the contract is for five years, and the price cannot be raised within five years. After five years, according to the market price, I have the priority to renew the lease. The rent will be paid annually, and I will pay one year in advance. The right to sublet will also belong to me."

In fact, before this, this storefront was only about sixty thousand yuan a year. It was also a wish of the landlord to raise it to eighty-eight thousand yuan. She also knew that it was unlikely to reach this price. However, she also felt that in the next few years, the rent would rise again, but she did not know how much it would rise. She estimated that after five years, it should reach one hundred thousand yuan a year, right?

It was hard to say!

Eighty-eight thousand yuan. Not raising the price for five years seemed not bad. At least it would be stable. What if the economy was depressed?

Wouldn't it end up in her hands?

After thinking for a minute, the landlord said, "Okay, we will do as you said, but you have to pay a deposit. Let's pay twelve thousand yuan, making it a whole hundred thousand yuan."

"Okay."

"When do you want to sign the contract?"

"I don't care."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am in Haizhou. After the contract is signed, I can transfer the money to you before the bank closes."

"Then tell me a place, and I will look for you. Let's find a printing shop to type the contract, then go to the bank!"

Li Mu thought about it. There was a printing shop at the entrance of No.1 Middle School, and there was also a Construction Bank, so he said, "You can look for me at the printing shop at the entrance of No.1 Middle School. Bring your ID, property ownership certificate, and your Construction Bank bank card. You have all of these, right?"

"Yes, I have all of them. My card happens to be the Construction Bank Dragon Card."

"Okay, I have my ID with me, and the card is also here. You can come."

Li Mu knew that he had the opportunity to lower the price, but he could hear the landlord's heart. She did not want to sign for too long, in case the rent would increase greatly in the future. However, after probing, it seemed that she was not sure how much the rent would increase in the future.

Therefore, regardless of whether this price was the lowest, for him, this price was definitely worth it, and it was very worth it.

Five years, this period was long enough. His parents should be retired soon, right?

Although he would not be fifty years old at that time, he could enjoy his old age in advance.

Li Mu went directly to the printing shop at the entrance of No.1 Middle School. The landlord had not arrived yet, so he asked the shop assistant to help him print a contract template. He dictated, and the shop assistant printed it.

Fortunately, there was a relatively popular simple lease contract here, so Li Mu changed the original basis, clarifying the price, deposit, payment method, and contract period. He added a clause that the rent could not increase during the contract period, and added a clause that the rent could be renewed at the market price upon expiration, as well as the right to sublet.

As for the definition of the market price, it was calculated according to the average contract price of the shops on the left and right side of the contract.

When the contract was almost done, a middle-aged woman riding a motorcycle came to the printing shop. This woman looked to be about 35 or 36 years old, and she was slightly plump.

After she entered the shop, she found that there were only two people sitting in front of the computer. One was typing, and the other seemed to be learning how to type. She took out her mobile phone and was about to call Li Mu.

Li Mu was not in a hurry to admit it. When his phone rang and the other person looked at him again, Li Mu waved his phone. "Hello, you are the landlord, right?"

The middle-aged woman looked at Li Mu with a face full of surprise. "Young man, you are about 20 years old, right?"

Li Mu thought that he still needed to show his ID to sign the contract later, so there was no need to hide it. "I just turned 18."

"Aren't you just teasing me because you have nothing better to do …" The middle-aged woman was a little annoyed, but she did not lose her temper. She turned around and was about to leave.

Li Mu stopped her. "Wait for another minute, the contract template will be printed out. Take a look first. The construction bank is 200 meters away from here. After you sign the contract, we will go to the bank to transfer the money. Although I am young, I don't have the time to play this kind of game. If I really wanted to tease you, I might as well not show up."

Only then did the middle-aged woman turn around and look at Li Mu. She saw that he was fair, handsome, and spoke in a neither servile nor overbearing manner. He had quite a bit of an imposing manner. She could not help but put away her previous contempt.

She thought about it and agreed. If this young man really wanted to tease her, wouldn't it be more effective if he did not show up?

At this moment, the printer made a squeaking sound as it fed paper. Soon, the huge printer spat out six sheets of paper.

There were two copies of the contract.

Li Mu handed one to the other person and said, "This is the general template here. I added a few details that we agreed on over the phone. The bolded font is the part. Take a look."

The other person nodded and looked at it very seriously.

After a few minutes, after she finished reading the contract, she nodded to Li Mu. "It's all what we discussed. No problem."

Li Mu said, "No problem. Then sign it first, and then we will go to the bank to transfer the money."

"Okay."

The woman said as she took out her ID and property certificate, but she was still suspicious in her heart. An 18-year-old young man was renting a rent of 88,000 a year. What was he going to do?

Li Mu filled in his identity information, then signed his name and pressed his thumbprint. The other person did the same. Then, the two of them exchanged the contract and signed their thumbprints.