Chapter 1497

The public relations staff of Makino Technology arranged for all the VIPs who were invited to the event to stay in a five-star hotel, while the other invited guests and reporters were arranged to stay in several other five-star hotels.

According to the routine of the business circle, the day before the signing ceremony, Li Mu held a small cocktail party in the hotel where the VIPs stayed in his own name, which could be regarded as a small warm-up before the opening ceremony.

Several of Li Mu's close partners were invited. In addition, there were several CEOs of major Silicon Valley Internet companies, as well as several capital principals on Wall Street.

Before the cocktail party began, Li Ziwei jokingly said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the total value of the entrepreneurs attending today's cocktail party is hundreds of billions of dollars, conservatively estimated to be more than four trillion yuan. If this gets out, I'm afraid it will shock the world."

"This is nothing."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Wait a few years, when we hold the Makino Technology Developer Conference, the total value of the entrepreneurs attending the conference may exceed a few trillion dollars."

Li Ziwei asked him curiously, "Developer Conference?

What does that mean? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the future, we will build one or even more global mobile platforms. This platform will be open to all developers around the world, just like Windows."

"I roughly understand."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "By the way, Li Zong, there are a lot of people who want to meet and chat with you in private tonight. Can you arrange a time window for the meeting?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "I can spare the time from nine to ten, but who wants to meet me?"

"A lot."

Li Ziwei said, "The senior executives of Cisco, IBM, Hewlett-Packard, and even Microsoft all want to meet you in private. I helped you screen them, and there are two people who are worth meeting. One is Larry Ellison, the CEO and founder of Oracle, and the other is Sequoia's Li Mu. Li Mu nodded and analyzed," There is no room for in-depth cooperation between hardware companies. Companies like Microsoft will definitely talk to me about some superficial things. Oracle probably sees us as a potential big customer and wants to cooperate with us in cloud computing. Needless to say, Sequoia definitely wants to talk about our follow-up capital operations … "

Li Ziwei said, "That's what I was thinking too. That's why I rejected the other families directly. If you're interested in these two families, I'll give them a reply later. If they're not, I'll reject them directly."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Reject Oracle, and only meet Sequoia tonight. Li Ziwei quickly said," Then I will pass the message to his secretary later. The time is set for nine o 'clock sharp, and the location is set for a business suite we reserved in this hotel. What do you think? "

"No problem."

For Li Mu, he treated all the people who treated him as a customer like their grandsons, because he was the person they wanted to fight for. For such people, even if he wanted to be able to cooperate with them deeply, he must be arrogant at the beginning.

As for Sequoia, after all, they were his partners, and there was more room for in-depth cooperation in the future. It was a good thing for both sides to talk more with their person in charge.

The banquet organized by Li Mu was very simple. It was nothing more than booking the entire banquet hall of the hotel, and then strengthening the security work several times to ensure that no one would disturb and affect the place. In addition, there was no deliberate decoration of the internal environment of the banquet hall, and there was no special upgrade of the services provided by the banquet hall. Everything was in accordance with the standard of a normal five-star hotel.

For ordinary people, a banquet at the standard of a five-star hotel was absolutely luxurious, but for these big shots with more than 100 million yuan, attending such a banquet was no different from sitting on the side of the road and eating spicy hot pot.

This group of big shots from the United States knew how to enjoy life more than rich people like Hua Xia. Li Mu had long heard that many of these big shots spent tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars to buy ultra-luxurious private planes and cruise ships. They usually flew around the world with Hollywood stars and models to participate in all kinds of high-end parties. The degree of extravagance of their lives was even more than that of the royal family in Dubai.

Li Mu walked into the banquet ten minutes before the banquet began. At this time, there were already more than 20 people in the banquet hall holding wine glasses and chatting in groups of three to five. Because there were no media reporters at the scene, every guest was very relaxed and natural.

Seeing Li Mu come in, one of the guests picked up the goblet containing the cocktail in his hand, and then gently tapped the outside of the glass with the edge of the ring on his finger, making a pleasant tinkling sound. After attracting the attention of most people, the man smiled and said, "Everyone, Li Zong is here."

Others looked at Li Mu, who had just walked into the banquet hall, so everyone picked up their glasses and used various ways to make the glasses make a crisp sound to welcome the host of this banquet.

Li Mu did not expect that everyone would suddenly do this. He hurriedly stopped, put his palms together and bowed slightly to everyone to thank them. After all, these were guests who had come from afar to support him.

At this time, someone said in English, "Li Zong, as today's host, shouldn't you say something?"

As soon as the voice fell, many people echoed, "Yes, Li Zong, say something!"

Li Mu looked around and found a lot of familiar faces. Not only his partners in the entrepreneurial field, but also Spielberg, Tom Hanks, Leonardo, Anne Hathaway, and the main creative team of "Flying Tigers" were here. Presumably, they had suspended filming and rushed over from Yun Province.

Li Mu picked up his glass and gestured to the four people. He said with a smile, "Thank you for coming all the way to support the signing ceremony tomorrow. Your support means a lot to me and to Makino Technology. In addition, I hope you can enjoy yourselves tonight. Finally, welcome to Hua Xia!

Thank you, everyone! "

Everyone applauded politely. Larry Ellison, the founder of Oracle, smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I'm Larry Ellison, the CEO of Oracle. This time, I came to Hua Xia to find an opportunity to talk to you about the possibility of future cooperation."

Li Mu nodded and said with a faint smile, "Thank you, Larry. When I'm done with the things at hand, if I have time, I'll ask my assistant to contact you."

Larry Ellison raised the glass in his hand and nodded. "Then I'll wait for your news."

Li Mu answered. Then, he picked up his wine glass and took turns to greet all the people present.

Since Li Mu did not know most of them, he chose to first greet the strangers he met for the first time, and then went to greet his acquaintances and business partners.

So Li Mu started with the nearest stranger. The process was very simple. It was nothing more than greeting each other first, then asking about the background of the person, and then chatting with the next person.

When it was the fourth person, a man in his forties shook hands with Li Mu and said, "Nice to meet you, Li Zong. I'm Peter, the Vice President of Microsoft. Although Bill wanted to come personally, he has been busy recently, so he asked me to congratulate you."

Li Mu shook hands with him and smiled. "Thank you, and thank Mr. Gates for me."

Peter nodded and smiled. "Bill has always admired you, Li Zong. He often says that in the near future, Makino Technology will not only become the world's largest Internet company, but also the world's largest enterprise. He is very optimistic about Li Zong's future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Gates thinks too highly of me."

Peter said, "Bill also asked me to tell Li Zong that if Li Zong goes to the US next time, he will definitely go to Silicon Valley to meet you."

"Okay." Li Mu smiled and said, "If he has time, I welcome him anytime."

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Li Mu was about to find a reason to leave for the time being and go to greet the others. At this time, Peter suddenly asked Li Mu, "By the way, Director Li, recently the entire Silicon Valley has been discussing your Twitter division. Can you tell us what this division does?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "About Twitter, I can only say that it is our next new product with a very high strategic position. It is also a very interesting product. As for what kind of product it is, I can't disclose it for the time being, but it is expected that Twitter will officially be available to users around the world this fall."

Peter nodded with some disappointment and said, "Well, we look forward to the day when Makino Technology's new product comes out!"

Although his words were polite, Pete was a little dejected in his heart.

The reason why he came to this reception and tomorrow's signing ceremony was that on the one hand, Bill Gates did not want to attend, and on the other hand, he wanted to take the opportunity to understand the situation of Makino Technology, especially Twitter, which was now being closely watched.

During this period, Microsoft had been under a lot of pressure. Most of the pressure came from Makino Technology. Makino Technology destroyed MSN and MSN's portal, causing MSN's portal traffic to plummet. If Microsoft did not set MSN's homepage as the default page in some users' Internet Explorer browsers, MSN's traffic would continue to plummet.

The decline of MSN and its website completely shattered Microsoft's social network dream. Just when Microsoft was preparing to do its own search engine, Li Mu suddenly sold a shell company to Google. Although Google was cheated a lot, the alliance between Google and Makino Technology was already set in stone. This way, Microsoft's search engine dream was shattered before it could even start.

Now, Microsoft was preparing for a new project. This project was to integrate all of Microsoft's current lifestyle software, pages, and applications, and package them into a new concept called Windows-Live package. The so-called Windows-Live meant a kind of "Windows life." The core was that as long as the user had Windows-Live, they could get everything they wanted on the Internet.