Chapter 1221

Wei Jun's case was very interesting.

This was a very typical political case of Hua Xia. It wasn't a big deal, but it wasn't a small deal either. The final outcome completely depended on the way the case was handled.

After all, it was linked to politics. As long as it was linked to politics, there would be a lot of flexibility in the middle.

The so-called flexibility was that if the wind was not in the right direction, or if the interests that should not be touched were touched, it was very likely to develop to the most serious extreme. However, if the sensitive aspects could be avoided, it was not impossible to not pursue the responsibility directly.

In addition to the political leader of the incident, there must be a third person with enough influence who could influence the degree of flexibility. As long as the third person had enough influence and was willing to pay a favor or even a network for this matter, then the possibility of turning a big matter into a small one was very high.

With Li Mu's current power and influence, if he really came out to protect Wei Jun, there would definitely be no big problem. He didn't dare to say that all of Wei Jun's responsibilities would be erased, but it was definitely not a problem to guarantee that he would not be imprisoned. However, Li Mu never had this idea. That was because he always felt that he had helped Wei Jun a lot. Not to mention that he also prepared shares of Wanying Real Estate for Wei Lan, he even prepared to hand over all his real estate businesses to her in the future.

Li Mu helped Wei Jun protect a considerable part of his assets, and also helped him earn a lot of benefits in the UA stock market. Whether it was Wei Jun or Wei Lan, who had become Li Mu's woman, they both felt that Li Mu had done enough for them. So much that even if Wei Lan hoped that her father could return safely, she never thought of asking Li Mu for help.

However, at the moment when he looked into Wei Lan's eyes through the rearview mirror, Li Mu truly understood that what this woman needed most was not how good a plan he could give her or how bright her future would be. What she needed most was not material things, but emotional feelings.

At that moment, Li Mu realized that Wei Lan worked alone for Wanying Real Estate, not for money, but for himself. However, the feelings that he could give her had congenital flaws, and the feelings between her and her family had acquired barriers. In this case, it was a bit too cruel for Wei Lan.

Under such circumstances, it would be his greatest responsibility to make up for these two feelings for her as much as possible.

Right now, he was running around everywhere every day. Even if he tried to spend more time with her in the future, he would not be able to do so. Under such circumstances, it was best for her parents to return home safely.

From the time Li Mu bought Wei Lan's villa, Wei Lan had always been in a state of gratitude to Li Mu. Regarding Li Mu, she always thought about how to return his favor, so she never had any request for Li Mu. Even for her father's case, she never thought of asking Li Mu for help.

However, things had changed. Wei Lan had become Li Mu's woman. Previously, Li Mu had not considered Wei Jun's matter. Now that he had considered it, he must find a way to solve it.

Wei Lan was so agitated that she couldn't speak coherently. She couldn't care less that her father was parked in the middle of the road. She asked Li Mu, "How can my father's case be handled?"

Wei Jun also looked at Li Mu eagerly, waiting for his answer.

Li Mu said, "After returning home, I'll find someone to help pull some strings and meet with the leader in charge of Shanghai's politics and law. I'll bring up this case in private and see if I can do them a favor. If not, I'll think of other plans."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu added, "If I don't have this face, I believe that if Chen Ze comes forward, there will definitely be no problem. When the time comes, I'll ask him for help."

Chen Ze's father was in a high position and had a lot of power in his hands. Wei Jun's case was definitely not a problem for him. With his relationship with Chen Ze, he would definitely give him face. With him as a backup, it was equivalent to having double insurance for this matter.

Hearing Li Mu say this, Wei Lan immediately felt relieved. Although Li Mu wasn't personally involved in politics, he had such a huge global influence. As long as he was willing to come forward, this matter was basically in the bag. What made her feel even more at ease was that not only was Li Mu willing to come forward to solve the problem, he even provided a backup plan. Chen Ze's political resources were obvious. Taking a step back, even if Li Mu couldn't solve the problem, he could pull Chen Ze in as well. No matter how big the problem was, he would be able to settle it.

Wei Lan burst into tears. Although Wei Jun didn't know Chen Ze, he had heard Wei Lan mention him before. When he heard that Li Mu was even willing to bring this young master out to help him solve the problem, Wei Jun was almost instantly sure that it wouldn't be long before he could bring his wife back home to reunite with his daughter!

Wei Jun was excited to thank Li Mu. At this time, a siren suddenly sounded behind the car. A police car appeared on the left side. The window of the front passenger seat rolled down, and a white male policeman shouted at Wei Jun with a cold face, "Pull over!"

Wei Jun suddenly came back to his senses and slapped his forehead. "Oh, no!"

There were many patrolling police on the streets of the United States, and they had a wide range of jurisdiction. Take the police in the patrol car for example. If there was a car speeding, a car parking violation, or a car violation, they would come out with a siren and ask the driver to pull over for inspection. Moreover, the police in the United States were on duty with guns, and they had a lot of authority to enforce the law. Under normal circumstances, being targeted by the police for violating the law on the road was not a small matter.

Wei Jun didn't dare to disobey the police's order, so he hurriedly drove the car to the side of the road. The police stopped the car in front of Wei Jun's car, and then got out of the car. His right hand was holding the pistol at his waist, ready to take it out at any time.

"Show me your driver's license!" Before the police came to him, he had already shouted loudly.

Wei Jun had no choice but to prepare his driver's license. He rolled down the window and waited for the police to come to him. When the police came to him, he didn't immediately take the license that Wei Jun handed out from the car. Instead, he asked loudly, "Do you know that parking on the road is not allowed for no reason?

I stared at you for at least 20 seconds, and you didn't have any intention to continue driving during those 20 seconds. Are you drunk? "

Wei Jun shook his head repeatedly and explained, "Officer, I'm really sorry. I just heard about a happy event that means a lot to me, so I lost control of my emotions. I'm really sorry!"

The police frowned and looked at Wei Jun. After a while, he took the driver's license from him. After looking at it, he didn't return it. Instead, he looked at Wei Lan and asked, "Madam, please show me your ID."

After saying this, he glanced at a man sitting in the back seat, so he said, "The passenger in the back, please show me your ID."

Both Li Mu and Wei Lan only had passports, so they could only hand them over. The police first looked at Wei Lan's ID, and then opened Li Mu's passport. When he saw the four English letters LIMU, he subconsciously frowned. When he carefully looked at the photo on Li Mu's passport, he suddenly shouted in surprise.