Chapter 380

Li Mu recalled the financing records of Tengxun in his previous life.

In fact, the financing process of this company was very simple. At the beginning of the business, Ma Huateng sold 40% of his shares to two companies in 1999 in order to raise operating funds. IDG and Hong Kong's Pacific Century Digital invested a total of 2.2 million USD, each holding 20% of Tengxun's shares.

According to the exchange rate back then, 2.2 million USD should be close to 20 million yuan.

If 1999 was counted as Tengxun's Series A financing, then Tengxun had never gone through Series B financing in its history.

The equity transaction that happened in June 2001 was not financing. Instead, MIH of South Africa acquired shares from Hong Kong's Pacific Century Digital, IDG, and even Tengxun's management. This had nothing to do with financing.

On the other hand, Tengxun only relied on Series A financing to get listed in Hong Kong in 2004, directly becoming the number one stock in Hua Xia. The reason was very simple. They had always been supported by a relatively abundant cash flow.

In other words, Tengxun was a company that was extremely good at making money. Their value-added service based on QQ had long been in operation, and it was a great success. If he had not appeared out of nowhere and diverted Tengxun's attention twice, they would have continued to develop until they got listed. That was because not only could they support themselves, but they could also accumulate a large amount of cash flow for themselves.

In history, Tengxun had also used this strong cash flow to enrich their wings. If they had not started Q Bar and QQ Fishery, they would have started QQ games, built their own portal, and continuously improved QQ's product functions and user experience. Then, they would test the waters and find a better cash cow to build a powerful Penguin Empire.

However, the problem now was that the current development trajectory of the Internet was no longer the same as in his previous life. There was a huge bug in the Internet industry now, and this bug was Li Mu.

Li Mu had originally only planned to develop YY to seize the instant messaging market, but he did not expect Tengxun to target him. First, there was Q Bar imitating Tieba, and then there was Fishery imitating Farm. Therefore, on the surface, Li Mu defended his two celebrity products, but secretly used the technology and product reserves that he had accumulated long ago to drag Tengxun into a whirlpool similar to the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union.

At the same time, his fantasies were about to come to fruition.

Li Mu began to look forward to the day when YY would come online. He was looking forward to what kind of state Teng Xun would be in at that moment, and how he would struggle and react.

This was like a country sending a large army to invade a neighboring country twice in an attempt to seize the neighboring country's territory. After failing twice, they planned a third attack. When they retreated in defeat for the third time, they suddenly found that their country had been conquered by the neighboring country.

Just thinking about it made him feel good.

After carefully combing through Teng Xun's history, Li Mu also set up a goal for himself: Makino Technology would not be financed within two years. It must rely on strong profitability to be completely self-sufficient!

There were many types of YY value-added services, such as YY membership, YY space yellow diamond, YY game blue diamond, YY pet pink diamond, YY show mall, etc.

YY game's value-added service was very simple, which was to recharge Happy Beans. However, Happy Beans were suitable for any game. This model was simply a bottomless pit that sucked money from the users' hands …

At 11: 55 am, there was a continuous sound of firecrackers outside. Haizhou paid special attention to setting off firecrackers during the New Year, and the firecrackers at midnight were especially important. Papa Lee pushed open the door to Li Mu's room and said, "Little Mu, go down and set off the firecrackers. Your Second Uncle and your aunt are also going to the hotel."

Li Mu nodded, turned off the computer, got dressed, and went out with a string of 20,000 firecrackers. Except for his grandparents who were already asleep, the rest of the family came downstairs. Li Mu spread out the whole plate of firecrackers by the roadside, lit a cigarette, and lit the firecrackers. After a series of crackling explosions, everyone wished each other a happy New Year.

The sound of firecrackers ushered in the old year. For traditional Chinese people, the New Year was only after midnight.

Li Mu's phone began to ring non-stop. Most of them were from his classmates, and a few were from his core employees.

Su Yingxue sent a message, "Happy New Year!"

Li Mu said, "Happy New Year, dear. Are you free tomorrow?

I miss you. "

Su Yingxue said, "I miss you too, but I don't have time tomorrow."

Li Mu asked, "Then when are you free?"

Su Yingxue said, "I'm going to visit my relatives tomorrow, and we'll have dumplings tonight. On the second day of the New Year, I have to go to my grandmother's house for dinner. On the third day, my aunt's family will come over from Beijing. They'll be very busy these few days, but I'll find a way to spend time with you. However, I might not be able to eat with you."

Li Mu said, "Anything is fine, it depends on your schedule."

Zhao Ziqiu also sent a message, "Happy New Year, Little Hooligan."

Li Mu smiled and replied with his fingertips, "Happy New Year, Big Boobs."

After a few minutes, Zhao Ziqiu replied, "Do you miss them?"

Li Mu was dumbfounded. When did Zhao Ziqiu become so bold?

Although he was surprised, Li Mu still replied quickly, "Yes, I've been missing them for a long time since we parted at the airport."

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "Then come to Hangzhou to meet them!"

Li Mu said, "I want to go, but I don't think I'll be able to leave."

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "You can bring Uncle and Auntie with you."

Li Mu said, "Sigh, Grandpa and Grandma are at my house. They definitely won't be able to leave, and it's not good for me to go out alone."

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "Then stay at home and be a good girl. You can miss them for a while longer. You can meet them when you return to Beijing."

After being teased by her, Li Mu's mind was filled with the scene of that night in the car. The fire in his lower abdomen quickly sank to his crotch, and this fire didn't subside even when he was lying on the bed …

On the first day of the Chinese New Year, the first thing he did when he woke up was to wish Grandpa, Grandma, Dad, and Mom a happy new year.

After breakfast, Li Mu went to his uncle's house to wish Grandpa and Grandma a happy new year. On the way downstairs, he met his uncle and aunt's family. Both of their families had come to visit Papa Lee and Li Ma to wish them a happy new year. After Li Mu wished them a happy new year, he drove to his uncle's house.

At the same time, Kong Lingyu was remotely commanding the core technical team of Happy Farm to prepare for the new version update.

As Happy Farm had already become a game with tens of millions of users, a lot of technical preparation work had to be done to ensure that the new version update went smoothly. Therefore, even Li Mu was not too sure about the timeline. He could only tell Kong Lingyu: Do it as soon as possible.

When the other party attacked with all their might, being able to strike back with the strongest force in the shortest amount of time was the best way to highlight one's strength and damage the other party's morale. Li Mu wanted to let the people of QQ Fisheries understand that Happy Farm's technology and product development were more than just an era ahead of them. No matter how hard they tried, they wouldn't be able to catch up to them.

…

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, Central TV had three channels rebroadcasting the regular Spring Festival Gala at different times. The simple plan was a hit, and so was the * * * * skit. To a certain extent, QQ Fisheries was also a hit.

In 2002, the people were still very naive and did not understand too many of the tricks of the future. Ten years later, when the people saw a certain brand in any skit, article, or film, they would immediately think of "product placement." But the majority of the people in the current era had yet to understand what it meant.

Most people felt that the Great Hoodwinker was really interesting. He was even playing a game that only young people would play in the QQ Fishery.

After the Spring Festival Gala, the daily active count of QQ Fisheries, which had been as low as ten thousand, began to show signs of recovery. By six o 'clock in the afternoon on the first day of the New Year, the daily active count of QQ Fisheries had reached one million, which was twenty times more than before.

Many users who had played before but gave up on QQ Fisheries came back to take a look because of the Spring Festival Gala. They found that the game had been greatly improved and it looked quite interesting. Besides, some of their friends were active in the friend list, so they gave it a try.

For the sake of this new version of QQ Fisheries, Guo Haiming replaced the previous product manager and poached an architect from Korea with a high salary. At the same time, he transferred over QQ's product manager. The two of them worked together to create the QQ Fisheries of today. Guo Haiming was very satisfied with this new version of QQ Fisheries. With the new processing system, the game experience instantly became much more three-dimensional, and it was also more fun to play. Right now, the team was still developing more processing tools to make the game more playable.

If not for the fact that he wanted to hitch a ride on the Spring Festival Gala, Guo Haiming would not have let QQ Fisheries update at this time. He would have waited another half a month for the processing system to be more developed before releasing it. However, he still took President Ma's suggestion. The current QQ Fisheries had improved a lot compared to the previous version. Other than imitating the elements of Happy Farm, there were also new elements that were unique to it. Although the new elements were not mature enough, the Spring Festival Gala was only held once a year. If he wanted to counterattack Happy Farm, he had to seize this opportunity.

Ten minutes after six o 'clock, Guo Haiming had already compiled a data report from the release of the new version until now and sent it to President Ma via email. Then, his wife came to the study and said, "Dear, the dumplings are cooked. Come out and eat."

Guo Haiming, who was in a good mood, nodded and went to the dining room with his wife. His three-year-old son was already holding a bowl and eating the dumplings with difficulty with a spoon. Guo Haiming sat next to his son, picked up a dumpling with chopsticks, and said with a smile, "Let me try to see if my wife's cooking has deteriorated."

Then, he put the dumpling in his mouth and was about to bite when the phone in his pocket rang.