Chapter 132

Papa Lee wasn't too worried about Li Mu's question. He said, "If I give your uncle the money directly, he won't accept it. However, opening a store is also related to your sister's future. People get married early in the countryside. In another two years, your sister will probably have a husband. If she still works part-time in town, how can people look up to her?

If your family has some business, you can find a better husband in the future. Also, if your brother gets married in the future, he needs to build a new house in his hometown. This is all money. "

As he spoke, Papa Lee said, "I have also thought about it. I can't directly tell your uncle to open a store. His pride won't be able to take it. I want to use the method that you set up for me and your mother. First, I will invest and start preparing. When the store is about to open, I will tell him that I spent money to open a store, but I don't have the time to take care of it. I will ask him for help. I will give him half of the shares. If he doesn't agree, his brother will lose tens of thousands of yuan.

Li Mu nodded and smiled. Back then, he had indeed used this method to force his parents to give in. He had casually said, "If he doesn't agree, it doesn't matter. Our family's loss is a matter of tens of thousands of yuan. When his parents heard this, they had no choice but to accept it."

Thus, Li Mu asked, "How much investment does it take to open a wholesale department in town?

How's the income?

Dad, do you have a general idea? "

Papa Lee said, "Renting a big shop in town that's about a hundred square meters only costs about a thousand yuan a month. The wholesale department doesn't need much renovation. Can't we just get a counter and a door?

The products sold are all cheap and popular. It doesn't cost much to get the goods. People in the countryside like to bring some gifts when they visit their relatives and friends. The cheaper cigarettes, drinks, snacks, fruits, and so on. They sell very well. "

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "If the threshold is low, the competition will definitely be high. It might not be easy to do it. The products sold in the wholesale department are not exclusive. So, if we want to do it, we have to be better than others in some areas."

Papa Lee frowned. "They sell the same things. If they are too expensive, no one will be able to sell them.

Tell me, how are they stronger than others? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "I don't know, either. But I think it's better to invest a little more than to directly open a wholesale department in the town that is full of goods.

With a little effort on the renovation, it would be more presentable than the wholesale department in town. It would be best if it was a combination of a small supermarket and a wholesale department. In fact, it was nothing more than the floor, walls, ceiling lighting, shelves, and a cash register. All of these would not cost much.

Twenty or thirty thousand is not a big deal, but for the people doing business in town, twenty or thirty thousand is more than their rent for two years. With their foresight and mentality, they might not be willing to pay this amount. "

Li Mu had also been to the wholesale department in town. In fact, it was basically the same. Every shop was an ordinary unfinished shop, with a counter, some shelves, and countless cardboard boxes of various products at the door. Other than that, there was nothing else.

If one went at night, the whole room would be filled with a dim yellow light bulb. Just looking at it would make one feel depressed, and there would be no desire to go in.

In such a competitive environment, even if the floor was paved with cheap white tiles, the walls were simply shaved, and the lighting was good, it would be better than other wholesale departments.

Papa Lee nodded repeatedly. "I understand. When we come back from Wen City, we will go back to town to look around. If there is a suitable shop, we will rent it first.

Is that okay, dear? "

Li Ma did not have any objections to this. She said to the father and son, "It's not easy for Daoguang to take care of his parents. It's a good thing to help him open a wholesale department. I definitely have no objections."

Papa Lee praised, "My wife is really righteous!"

Li Ma smiled slightly.

However, she looked at Li Mu apologetically. "Son, I'm afraid you will have to wait until after the New Year to buy a house in Yanjing."

Li Mu smiled and waved his hand. "Mom, if there is a way to make money, then use the money to invest. Although it is necessary to hoard a house.

However, the property prices will not soar in the next few years. "

Li Mu still had an impression of the current property prices. In the next two years, the property prices in the country would really soar in the next two years. In the next two years, the property prices in first-tier cities like Yanjing and Shanghai would at most double. If there was a project that could double the property prices in two years, he would naturally invest in it. To Li Mu, hoarding a house was just the simplest investment method for lazy people.

…

Hearing that Li Mu had come, Li Mu's aunt came to visit with her husband and child that night. During the time when Li Mu was away, she vaguely heard that it was Li Mu's idea to open the Metersbonway specialty store. This made her look at her nephew in a new light. A 19-year-old young man actually had the courage to let his parents do such a big business. Moreover, his bet was so accurate. She could not help but admire this nephew of hers.

It was also because of this that she felt that the real decision maker of the Li family's business was Li Mu.

His aunt didn't know that Li Mu's parents had already decided to open Senma. She just felt that she had misjudged them for so many years. She wanted to seize the time to make up for the estranged relationship with her second sister's family. In addition, she also wanted to work in Li Mu's family's store. Her children's clothing store was not that meaningful anymore.

This was the first time that Li Mu saw his aunt being humble. He forgave his aunt in his heart with the mentality of a 30-year-old man. In front of his aunt and uncle-in-law, he revealed his family's plan to open Senma.

After hearing the news, his aunt was excited and worried.

She had seen Li Mu's aunt's ability and value in the Metersbonway specialty store. She also knew that Li Mu's aunt's income was extremely high now. It was impossible for her not to be envious. Originally, she wanted to work under her aunt, but she didn't expect that Li Mu would open another store all of a sudden. This made her hope of becoming a store manager reignite in her heart. However, when she thought of how mean she had been to her second brother-in-law, she was afraid that she wouldn't get this opportunity.

There were many things that Papa Lee and Li Ma couldn't tell their aunt directly, but Li Mu didn't care. Therefore, he told his aunt his requirements for the store manager. What he meant was that he wouldn't reject his aunt to be the store manager, but the only requirement was that she had to meet his requirements.

Although her junior suddenly became like a leader, his aunt didn't care at all. She kept promising that she would work hard to meet the requirements of the store manager. She was very sincere.

That was enough.

Li Mu wasn't a person who would take everything for himself, and neither would Papa Lee and Li Ma. When a small family became rich, it was their duty to help the big family members live better and better lives. This was what family members should do. In the past, no one in this big family thought of this. Now, it seemed that this responsibility had to be shouldered by his parents. This was also a good thing for them. Li Mu knew that they actually didn't care much about money.

He gave his aunt an uncertain answer. The rest would depend on her performance and ability.

…

Ever since Li Mu came, Chen Wan's heart had become a seventeen or eighteen-year-old girl.

At night, she would lie in bed and roll around thinking about Li Mu. Then, she would hold her phone and wait for Li Mu to send her a message. After waiting for a long time, and no message came, she would say to her phone, "Bad boy, it's not easy for you to come back. Why don't you contact me?

Even if you ask me out for supper? "

People in Haizhou loved to eat, especially supper. From March to the end of November, it was the peak season for food stalls and barbecue stalls at night. Maybe it was because she was hungry, or maybe it was because she wanted to see Li Mu. Chen Wan always hoped that Li Mu would suddenly send her a message and ask her out for supper.

She waited for a long time impatiently. The bedsheets were wrinkled because of her rolling around, but there was still no response from Li Mu.

So, Chen Wan angrily sent a message to Li Mu, muttering, "This bad boy … He never takes the initiative …"

At this time, Li Mu was lying in bed with his laptop on his stomach, browsing the Tieba forum. He was excited about the rapid development of the forum. Suddenly, his phone received a message from Chen Wan. "Oh, let's go for supper?"

Li Mu casually replied, "You go out so late. Don't your parents care about you?"

"They're not in Jiangcheng. They're all in Jinling. I came back alone. I'm hungry and want to eat barbecue. Do you want to come?"

Li Mu looked at the time. It was five minutes to midnight. This was the perfect time for supper, so he replied, "You'll drive over to pick me up?"

Chen Wan excitedly climbed out of bed. While changing her clothes, she replied, "Pack up, I'll be there soon!"

Although Chen Wan was from Haizhou, she went to Jinling when she was in high school. Her university was in Shanghai, so she had almost no friends in Haizhou. Most importantly, her father's business was slowly shifting to Jinling, so the family rarely returned to Haizhou.

There was only one reason why Chen Wan wanted to come back, and that was Li Mu. Other than him, Chen Wan couldn't think of any other reason that could attract her back.

Chen Wan quickly drove to the entrance of Li Mu's residential area. Li Mu quietly went out and got into Chen Wan's Audi.

Twenty meat skewers, a dozen oysters, and a cup of draft beer. Chen Wan ate the meat skewers unhurriedly, while Li Mu focused on the oysters. Haizhou was a coastal city, but the city center was dozens of kilometers away from the sea. Jintai County was a coastal county, so there were many people who farmed seafood. Therefore, the local seafood was cheap and fresh.

The oysters roasted with garlic and vermicelli were delicious. Li Mu ate one at a time with chopsticks. After eating two, he drank a mouthful of beer. Not long after, he finished more than half of the dozen oysters.

"Boss, is the other dozen oysters ready?"

Li Mu hurriedly asked the boss when he saw that they were almost finished.

"Soon, soon. A few minutes!"

"Don't overcook them. Bring them over now!"

The oysters could be eaten raw. Once Li Mu started eating, he basically couldn't stop.

Chen Wan giggled. "You look like you're fighting a war. Do you like eating oysters that much?"

"It's delicious, nutritious, and can boost your sex drive."

"Pfft!" Chen Wan curled her lips. "You're such a small brat. How can you boost your sex drive!"

Li Mu chuckled and didn't answer. Instead, he asked Chen Wan, "Don't you want to eat a few?"

"I don't want to. I don't need to boost my sex drive."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. Just when he wanted to tease her, he saw Chen Wan's expression turn serious. "I've decided to apply for the intern positions at Central TV and Yanjing TV. If I pass, I can go to your city."