Chapter 1784

Very soon, Hungry Mike released the overtime compensation function in a very high-profile manner.

"Don't worry, delivery on time, overtime compensation, seconds to account." The advertising slogan not only showed Hungry Mike's determination to deliver on time, but it also gave a boost to Niu Takeout, which had a hard time delivering on time.

Hungry Mike's advantage was further expanded with the overtime compensation function.

When Lu Yunhao heard the news, he no longer had the strength to curse.

He finally felt the absolute power of a strong person. Once you declared war on a strong person, they would take off their suit and shirt and start attacking you indiscriminately from head to toe. Most importantly, this competition was not a round, and there were no referees. This was a battle of life and death.

Lu Yunhao walked confidently onto the battlefield. He thought he could use some dirty tricks to snatch a bite of food from Li Mu, but he did not expect Li Mu to punch him in the face. Before he could recover from the punch, Li Mu kicked him. He had just fallen down, and before he could get up, Li Mu was on top of him, kicking him left and right.

Now, before he could straighten out the problem of the rider team, Li Mu had come up with an overtime compensation function. As long as the order was not delivered within half an hour, he would immediately pay. What a bastard!

The consumers didn't have any complaints about your delivery time. Why did you have to go through the trouble of coming up with such an overtime compensation function?

Are you trying to raise the bar for me again?

Lu Yunhao was speechless. He even felt a little regretful. If he had known that doing this would be so stressful, he would have just been an honest teacher in Southern English. At least he would not have to worry so much.

Ever since he started doing Niu Takeout, he had not had a good night's sleep. The huge pressure came from all directions, and it was simply unbearable.

Now, not only did he have to bear the repeated attacks from Hungry Sheep, but he also had to bear all kinds of accusations from the capitalists behind him. He felt as if he was thrown into a big pot and boiled. The water was the capitalists, and the fire was Li Mu. Li Mu boiled the water that was originally as comfortable as a mother's womb hotter and hotter, which also made him feel more and more uncomfortable.

His employees asked him, "Since Hungry Me has launched the overtime compensation function, should we also launch a similar function?"

Lu Yunhao's first reaction was to go to hell.

You want me to pay when I'm online?

Am I crazy or are you crazy?

He absolutely could not go online!

Otherwise, wouldn't he be digging a huge pit for himself?

At that time, if the distribution business collapsed, his losses would be even greater. What could he do then?

However, just as Lu Yunhao made up his mind not to use the overtime compensation, Zheng Chao told him that ever since Hungry Me's overtime compensation was launched, the number of users and orders for Ox Take-Out had started to decrease.

If a user ran out of coupons or used up the best small discount coupons, they would immediately return to Hungry Mike's platform to place an order and enjoy a stable delivery speed of within half an hour.

What was left of Bull Takeout was a bunch of fleecing users. Zheng Chao could even imagine that once Bull Takeout stopped subsidizing them or if their subsidy was no longer higher than Hungry Man's, these fleecing users would immediately return to Hungry Man's embrace.

Therefore, if this went on, even if Bull Takeout was overwhelmed with orders every day, it would only face two situations. One was that it would continue to lose money, and the other was that it would never be able to cultivate its own loyal users.

It was like a person who was not very popular but still insisted on making friends. What should he do?

He could only rely on spending money on these friends to keep them by his side.

These people did not have any friendship with him. Once he ran out of money, these people would immediately stay away from him. There would be no friendship at all.

If that was the case, then everything about Bull Takeout would be a castle in the air. Even if he spent all twenty million USD, it would not be able to keep many loyal users. By then, they would still run back to Hungry Man's embrace.

What should he do?

Lu Yunhao felt a headache coming on.

After thinking about it, he came up with a solution.

He would first release a notice of the supermarket delivery function. However, he would not specify the exact time of launch or the specific compensation measures after it was launched. He only told everyone that this function would be launched soon.

Then, he would quickly assign the one thousand bicycle riders to their posts and let them quickly join the delivery army.

At that moment, the one thousand bicycle delivery workers from Bull Takeout had arrived one after another. They were undergoing the most basic training for a day. Once they learned how to receive and deliver orders, they would immediately be thrown into the center of the fierce battle between Bull Takeout and Hungry Man.

The one thousand bicycle delivery workers would earn sixty dollars a day. However, their working hours were less than ten hours a day. In other words, under normal circumstances, they would only be able to deliver around twenty orders a day. Thirty would be their limit.

This was only a theoretical value. If the order was generally far away, this number would be discounted.

If the delivery workers were physically weak, it would be even more impossible.

However, in order to prevent people from slacking off, Bull Takeout still set a minimum number of tasks for the bicycle riders. They had to complete twenty orders a day before they could receive the day's basic salary. Otherwise, for every order they missed, five dollars would be deducted. If they did not reach the standard for three consecutive days, they would be eliminated.

Lu Yunhao looked forward to the one thousand bicycle delivery workers to increase the order turnover speed of the entire Bull Takeout. At the same time, they could also share the pressure of delivering meals during peak hours. If the one thousand bicycle delivery workers performed well and could reduce the overtime delivery rate to less than ten percent, then he could officially announce the implementation of overtime compensation.

If the rate was higher than ten percent, then the launch date of this function would be indefinitely delayed.

On the first day of the one thousand bicycle riders on duty, the order volume of Bull Takeout was indeed reduced to a certain extent. However, among the one thousand people, more than eighty percent of them did not complete the stipulated twenty orders.

The main reason was that the order distance was relatively far. A five-kilometer radius was still a huge challenge for the bicycle riders. Many people did not feel anything when they first rode the bicycle. However, after riding for more than ten kilometers, the feeling of fatigue would start to multiply.

The first two orders might be quite smooth, but later on, it would become more and more tiring and slower.

In particular, every order would have to go to the restaurant to pick up the food first, and then go to the user to deliver the food. Sometimes, it was completely random movements within a five-kilometer radius. The amount of exercise was huge.

Bull Takeout really wanted to use the system's algorithm to arrange reasonable orders and routes for their riders. For example, they could try to accept orders from merchants and users that were relatively close to the riders. However, the current Bull Takeout could not support this algorithm at all.

First of all, they had no way of locating their riders, because their riders only had a 2G mobile phone without a GPS module. Hence, they could not report their coordinates to the server. Hence, they had no way of assigning orders to their riders based on their location.

Secondly, their system did not make their own set of electronic maps based on actual coordinates.

If they wanted to mark their location in their own server, they would first need a set of electronic map data. Moreover, they would need the back-end system to support this set of electronic maps. Only then would their location information be marked.

It was like a person's brain. If they did not have a rough prototype of a map of the United States in their brain, and you told them that they were in Manhattan, New York City, their brain would record the words "Manhattan, New York City". They would not even know where this d * mned Manhattan, New York City was in the United States. They would not even know the approximate area.

In this case, if you told them that there was an order to be picked up from Manhattan Central Park in New York City and delivered to 35 16th Street, that person would not have any concept of these two locations at all because they did not have a basic map in their brain.

If Bull Takeout wanted to achieve the coordinates of the merchants' addresses and the recipients' addresses in their own system, then their system would be able to determine which two of the four addresses A, B, C, and D were closer, which two combinations of orders were the most convenient, and which were the easiest to combine with other orders for delivery.

When they went online in a hurry, there were a lot of technical loopholes that they did not solve. It was even more impossible for them to take care of such a back-end system.

However, Li Mu's back-end system was different. Although Li Mu could not achieve the function of real-time positioning of the riders, Li Mu had at least done the coordinates of every district, every road, every street, and every building in Shanghai. His back-end system already had the entire map and the coordinates of these addresses. If the system received a large number of orders, it would first plan the delivery route for each order according to the order, and then add other routes that were suitable for combination.

Bull Takeout would not be able to achieve this in another month.

Since it could not be achieved, they could not provide any substantial help to their riders. Therefore, when the riders received orders, the distance they covered depended on their luck. It was impossible to combine the orders and complete one or two more orders.

Since a large number of riders did not complete the required number of orders, they immediately lost interest in this job. Fortunately, Lu Yunhao gave in in time and temporarily lowered the minimum number of orders from 20 to 15 per day.

As long as they completed 15 orders per day, they would be able to get 60 yuan. The cost of a bicycle delivery order had reached 4 yuan.

However, Lu Yunhao could only grit his teeth and accept it. This was the only way. At least this way, he could support the operation of the platform and not make many users unable to place orders even if they wanted to.

The next day, most of the riders achieved the requirement of 15 deliveries per day.

Lu Yunhao was relieved. Therefore, he decided to continue to expand the size of the bicycle delivery team. He added another 1,000 bicycles and 1,000 riders.

A few days later, Lu Yunhao's team of more than 1,000 electric bike riders and 2,000 bicycle riders could basically meet the demand of the company's current business coverage.

However, the daily losses were still astronomical.

However, this was a breakthrough for Bull Takeout's team and the capital behind it. Although it was a loss, everyone was still optimistic about the next step of Bull Takeout. They felt that Bull Takeout's turnaround had arrived.