Chapter 378

The dining room and living room of Li Mu's new house were connected. The living room was equipped with a three-unit air conditioner, and the dining room was equipped with a one-and-a-half-unit air conditioner. The two air conditioners kept the house warm at around 23 degrees Celsius.

This was the warmest New Year's Eve that Li Mu had ever experienced. The warmth touched the softest part of his heart. Putting aside how much money he had earned, how much money his parents had earned, and how much money his relatives and friends had earned because of him, Li Mu had never been able to give such a warm New Year's Eve to his parents in his previous life.

Haizhou was hot and humid in the summer and cold and humid in the winter. Regardless of whether it was hot or cold, it was the most torturous weather. Papa Lee and Li Ma lived frugally. It was only after Li Mu started working that he could afford to install an air conditioner in their old house. The air conditioner had a good cooling effect in summer, but it was too weak to heat up the house in winter. Even though Li Mu was from the Moonlight Clan, he had never been able to afford a new house for his parents.

Now, looking at the happiness and satisfaction on his parents' faces as they toasted each other, this was the most fulfilling thing that Li Mu had done since his rebirth.

He had helped his parents find success in their careers, thereby proving their worth. They had also gained the respect of their relatives and friends through the improvement of their own value. Now, they were using their own success to help other relatives around them, thereby demonstrating their worth in another dimension. This series of chemical reactions was the best health care product for his parents. The longer they lived, the more hopeful they became, the more energetic they became, and the younger they became.

The Spring Festival Gala was being broadcasted on the TV. Jie Xiaodong and Stefanie Sun sang a lackluster song, but the title of the song was quite interesting. It was called "Connected to the World."

This was a song with the theme of the Internet. The lyrics reflected how the Internet brought the whole world together in a magical virtual space. The song was not very good, but it fully heralded the rise of the Internet era. The Internet bubble of the past had passed, and 2002 marked the beginning of the real recovery of the Internet. At 10: 10, after a boring skit, the camera switched to the host, Cao Ying.

At 10: 10 PM, after a boring skit with multiple leads, the camera switched to the host, Cao Ying. The female host, who had since disappeared, smiled and said, "In the past Year of the Snake, we have heard too many fresh songs and seen too many new singers. Some people say that 2001 was the year of the rise of the Chinese pop music world. And in the second half of 2001, a band appeared out of nowhere. So far, they have released a total of four songs, but each of them is a classic, and each of them is in the top ten of the major song charts. This result is something none of us can imagine. And this young group has also come to our Spring Festival Gala today, and they will also bring us their most classic songs!"

Speaking of this, Cao Ying raised her voice a little and solemnly introduced, "Let's welcome the Simple Plan Band to bring us the song" Fly Higher "!"

The scene switched back to the stage at this moment. On the stage, four cool young men dressed in slim-fit suits with a British style were already standing on the stage. All four of them had cut off their long hair and looked very spirited. This kind of band with suits and ties and short hair was refreshing. This was the idea that Li Mu had given them. On the stage of Central TV, they had to look as formal as possible in order to cater to the stage director team and the majority of the audience.

Zhang Kexuan was very handsome today. He did not hold a guitar on the stage. The guitarist, Xia Xia, and the bassist, Gu Wei, each held their own instruments. Ye Tianming also sat in front of a Pearl drum set. The background sound of the keyboard paving sounded. Zhang Kexuan spread his feet at shoulder level and held the microphone with both hands. His expression was a little cold. When he was about to sing, he slowly raised the microphone to his mouth and "sang" perfectly.

Life is like a big river

Sometimes quiet and sometimes crazy

Reality is like a shackle

Tying me up and I can't break free

This enigmatic life is as sharp as a knife

Seriously injuring me again and again

I know the kind of happiness I want

Up there in the sky, higher up

I want to fly higher, fly higher

Dancing like the wind to break free

I want to fly higher, fly higher

The wings roll up the storm and the heart roars

To fly higher.

This extremely inspirational and positive song "Fly Higher" had been sung by the people of the country for a long time. This time, when Zhang Kexuan led Simple Plan on the stage of the Spring Festival Gala and sang this song again, their status in the hearts of the people had also been greatly improved. This was because the people had long had an invisible understanding: Those who could get on the stage of the Spring Festival Gala were all big stars.

Therefore, tonight, Simple Plan used a perfect performance to become a big star in the hearts of the people.

Moreover, Li Mu found that Simple Plan and this song "Fly Higher" had a wide audience. Li Mu's youngest cousin from his aunt's family was only ten years old, and he sang along with the whole song. Li Fen and Li Bin were the same, and Papa Lee could even hum a few lines along. At the end of the song, even Li Ma couldn't help but praise, "This song is really well written!

The young man who sang is also very handsome! "

Li Mu's grandmother also nodded and said with a smile, "The young man is very handsome, but I don't think he's as good looking as my eldest grandson!"

Li Mu thanked his grandmother for her praise, but in his heart, he thought that this group of guys had really become A-list singers, and all of this was mostly because he used the songs from his previous life and the strategy of Internet marketing and promotion to help them step by step to today's height. Regarding this, Li Mu also felt a sense of accomplishment.

Zhang Kexuan and the others bowed down the stage in the thunderous applause of the audience. The first thing they did backstage was to call Li Mu. Li Mu walked to the balcony and pressed the answer button. Zhang Kexuan's excited and somewhat stuttering voice was heard, "Mu Ge … Mu Ge … How was our performance?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, "Your performance was perfect, 100 points. From tomorrow onwards, you will be superstars."

After encouraging Zhang Kexuan and the others and promising to have a meal with them when they had time, Li Mu turned around and returned to the living room. A moment later, his phone received a message from Chen Wan, "Bad boy, did you see their performance?"

Li Mu replied with a smile, "Of course I saw it, I didn't even blink!"

Chen Wan said, "My whole family is watching. Oh my god, it's so cool. My aunt is crying her eyes out. She's so excited …"

Li Mu replied, "My son is so successful, it's natural for him to be excited. It's understandable. When did you come back?"

Chen Wan said, "I flew back to Jinling yesterday morning."

"Are you still going back to Haizhou?"

"I'm afraid I don't have time to go back. My relatives are all in Jinling, and we only have seven days off. I have to go back on the fifth day of the Lunar New Year."

"Alright, then I'll see you back in Yanjing."

Chen Wan asked, "Did you go back to your hometown for the New Year?"

"No, in Haizhou. I just moved to a new place and brought my grandparents over for the New Year."

"Moved to a new place?

Which neighborhood? "

"Wan Ying Huating."

"Oh, I forgot to wish you a happy New Year. Happy New Year, little rascal."

Li Mu was speechless, "It's not 12 yet."

"It's the same saying it now. I'm a little sleepy, so I'll go to bed after watching the skit."

Li Mu asked her, "Aren't we going to wait until 12?

We'll go downstairs and set off firecrackers at 12 to bid farewell to the old and welcome the new. "

Chen Wan replied, "That's true. Let's endure a little longer then."

Actually, it wasn't just Chen Wan. At this moment, the entire nation's audience was probably waiting for the skit to go on stage.

In recent years, the skit had been very influential on the Spring Festival Gala. It had basically become the finale of the Spring Festival Gala. Last year, he, Gao Xiumin, and Fan Wei co-starred in the skit "Selling Crutches." His role as the Great Hoodwinker made the nation's people laugh their heads off on New Year's Eve. This year, everyone was looking forward to his skit even more. However, most people still did not know that the skit that the skit would be performing this year was actually the sequel to "Selling Crutches," "Selling Cars."

Li Mu's family was also waiting for * * * * * to appear on stage. When * * * * * * *'s skit finally began, Li Mu's family fixed their eyes on the TV. When Fan Wei appeared on stage with a pair of crutches, the skit officially began.

This skit was no different from the version in his previous life. The Great Hoodwinker played by the Great Hoodwinker and the Chef played by Fan Wei met up. Chef Fan tried to seek an explanation for being duped last year, but he did not expect to fall into another of the Great Hoodwinker's traps. The Great Hoodwinker used all sorts of brain teasers to successfully fool Chef Fan. The Great Hoodwinker asked Chef Fan one last question while he was in his wheelchair, "One plus one …"

Chef Fan immediately answered, "Correct equals two, and wrong equals three!"

The Great Hoodwinker said excitedly, "Congratulations, you've already answered two questions!"

The way Chef Fan refused to get out of his wheelchair tickled Li Mu's family so much that they couldn't catch their breath from laughing so hard.

On TV, the Great Hoodwinker played by the Great Hoodwinker said to the wheelchair-bound Chef Fan, "Alright, you've found out what's wrong with your illness. Go home first. We have to head back now. My QQ Fishery is still waiting for me to collect the fish!"

Li Mu jumped up from his stool. QQ Fishery?!

An advertisement placement?!

Wasn't QQ Fishery on the verge of collapse a long time ago?

Why did they suddenly advertise at the Spring Festival Gala?

And it was even an advertisement placement in the most popular skit? And it was even said by the Great Hoodwinker himself …

Li Mu frowned. He was no longer in the mood to watch the rest of the show. He immediately went back to his bedroom and turned on his computer to check on the current situation at QQ Fishery.

Li Mu knew that Teng Xun did not lack capable people, and he also knew that Teng Xun's President Ma was definitely one of the best in the domestic Internet industry. If it weren't for him, who was using his experience from his previous life to take precautions, Teng Xun would have probably won the battle between Tieba and Q Bar. Therefore, he knew very well that Teng Xun definitely had a reason for this advertisement placement. The biggest possibility was that they had also upgraded QQ Fishery.