Chapter 553

Before going on the stage, Li Mu had only one thought in his mind. Saving a life is better than building a seven-storied pagoda. In order to save a life, even if he had to offend a Hong Kong gossip tycoon, it didn't matter. Today, he was going all out to make enemies with Zu Yaoting, and he had to minimize the damage he had caused to Zhang Guorong today. No matter how powerful Zu Yaoting was, he was just a local bully. If he really had the ability, why didn't he come to Yanjing and try?

With his little ability to create gossip in Hong Kong, compared with Li Mu's industry and information dissemination ability, it was simply a pile of sh * t.

Therefore, as soon as Li Mu went on the stage, he didn't plan to show any mercy to Zu Yaoting. He wanted to use more vicious words to shame Zu Yaoting and completely destroy his malicious slander just now.

After Li Mu said these two paragraphs, the scene suddenly burst into laughter.

Everyone knew that Li Mu deliberately used the way Zu Yaoting attacked Zhang Guorong. Like Zu Yaoting, Li Mu said that someone saw it with their own eyes, but because it was a pity that they couldn't take pictures. Anyway, this kind of thing was hearsay. Since Zu Yaoting could "listen" to other people talking about gossip related to Zhang Guorong, then Li Mu could also "listen" to other people talking about gossip related to Zu Yaoting. It was completely giving him a taste of his own medicine.

Zu Yaoting was also anxious. He immediately rushed to the stage to fight with Li Mu, but Xiao Fangfang immediately ordered the security guards to stop him no matter what. These security guards also couldn't stand Zu Yaoting's arrogance, so several people surrounded him tightly, making him unable to move.

At this time, Li Mu smiled and said, "Because of those two lucky encounters, today is the third time I see Zu Yaoting. Thinking back to Zu Yaoting's white clothes, standing on this stage and shaking his head, at first I thought that something happened to his family, but seeing him so happy, it didn't seem like it. Also, I always felt that his performance on the stage was familiar, and just now I understood that he was imitating Crow in 'Young and Dangerous'."

As soon as Li Mu said this, the audience burst into laughter again, and many people even couldn't help but clap.

Hearing Li Mu mention Crow in 'Young and Dangerous', everyone realized that the way Zu Yaoting spoke on the stage just now was very similar to Crow in 'Young and Dangerous' played by Zhang Yaoyang. They were both extremely arrogant, and if he was given a porcelain statue of Guan Yu, he would probably also smash it to pieces, jump up, and step on Guan Yu's head.

After the audience burst into laughter, Li Mu then continued, "Actually, I really want to advise Mr. Zu that you are too ugly. Do you really think that you are Zhang Yaoyang with that protruding mouth and cheeks of a monkey trying to imitate 'Young and Dangerous'?

Did you get permission from him to imitate him? "

Zu Yaoting was so angry that his neck turned red, and his face turned purple. He didn't know Li Mu at all, but right now, he wanted nothing more than to rush up and tear Li Mu into pieces. Unfortunately, he was surrounded by so many security guards, and he couldn't move at all.

At this moment, Li Mu put away his teasing tone and said in a warning tone, "Mr. Zu, I would like to advise you that everyone has a mouth, and you can say whatever you want, but the most important thing is to have your own principles and bottom line. You are not a monkey that jumped out of a rock. Every word you say after leaving home doesn't just represent your own character and standards, it also represents the upbringing of your parents and elders. It's fine to embarrass yourself, but if you embarrass your parents and elders, then that's really unacceptable. Don't you think so?"

No one knew who shouted it out first, but then someone took the lead to clap. The audience instantly applauded. Zu Yaoting had indeed gone too far earlier, and now that someone had stepped up to slap him in the face, it was a good thing for them to see.

After the applause died down, Li Mu continued, "My friends from the media, I believe that all of you are people who can see through the truth and distinguish right from wrong. I hope that everyone will report what happened today truthfully when you go back. Don't collude with that scum."

After saying that, Li Mu walked down from the stage, handed the microphone to Xiao Fangfang, and then returned to his seat.

After returning to his seat, everyone at the table stared at Li Mu in shock. They still hadn't recovered from what he had just done.

A moment later, Zhang Guorong looked at Li Mu gratefully and said, "Thank you so much for what you did just now …"

Du Wei also looked at Li Mu with admiration and said, "Big brother Li Mu, you were so cool just now."

Li Mu smiled at Zhang Guorong and patted Du Wei's shoulder. He turned to Zhang Guorong and said, "Big brother, you're Du Wei's biggest idol. Since that Zu fella went overboard, it's only right for me to do so."

While speaking, Li Mu suddenly realized that he had become the focus of the media's cameras. He quickly got up and said to the others at the table, "You guys continue chatting. I'll go upstairs for a smoke."

There was a balcony on the upper floor of the banquet hall, and it was guarded by professionals. The reporters couldn't get in.

Walking up to the balcony, Li Mu lit a cigarette, but he still couldn't calm down.

The media was a powerful resource, but if it was used in dishonest ways, the media would become a cancer of society. From this, it could be seen that the media had a great responsibility to society. If Makino Technology had its own portal and media channels in the future, Li Mu had only one requirement for this channel: fairness.

While he was letting his imagination run wild, a beautiful woman in her twenties walked up to the balcony. She had a head of dyed blonde hair, which made her look rather wild.

There was no one else on the balcony, so the first thing the woman did was go straight to Li Mu. When she reached Li Mu's side, she asked in fluent Mandarin, "Why are you so impulsive today, Mr. Li?"

Li Mu looked at her in surprise and asked, "You know me?"

The curly-haired beauty nodded. She took out a business card from her bag and handed it to Li Mu. Li Mu looked at it and saw that it was Lu Xinyi, the deputy editor of the entertainment section of a Hong Kong weekly newspaper.

At this time, she said, "Let me introduce myself. I'm Lu Xinyi from Shanghai, but I've been working for a Hong Kong weekly newspaper for five years. Because I often go back to the mainland, I know 3321 very well, and I'm also a loyal user of YY and Alipay."

Lu Xinyi's words almost exposed Li Mu's background.

Just when Li Mu was surprised, Lu Xinyi took out a Mango-ME from her bag and shook it in front of Li Mu. She smiled and said, "Oh, and this. To be honest, it's the most beautiful MP3 player I've ever seen."

Li Mu looked at her curiously. He didn't know why she came up to him and said these things.

Lu Xinyi said with a smile, "Mr. Li, to be honest, your bravery today was very important. The Hong Kong media knew that my brother had depression, but not many would really care about it. On the contrary, when negative news about him came out, everyone reported it. It's hard to imagine how my brother, who suffered from depression, survived so much negative news. If it weren't for you today, I'm afraid that tomorrow's news headlines would be very unfavorable to my brother."

Li Mu asked her, "Do you know why Zu Yaoting made life difficult for my brother?"

Lu Xinyi said, "Almost everyone in Hong Kong knows about it, but you don't, Mr. Li."

Then, without waiting for Li Mu's response, she told him about the dispute between Zu Yaoting and Zhang Guorong, starting from the "Tan and Zhang Guorong". Only then did Li Mu understand that Zu Yaoting had been using Zhang Guorong for more than ten years.

Li Mu couldn't help sighing, "This Zu Yaoting is really a bitch."

Lu Xinyi said, "Zu Yaoting is notorious in Hong Kong. Any media person with a sense of justice will hate him."

Then, Lu Xinyi looked at Li Mu and said, "Mr. Li, if you really want to help my brother, find a way to invite him to the mainland for a while. The public opinion in Hong Kong is very unfavorable to my brother. You can help him today, but I'm afraid you won't be able to help him in the future."

Li Mu said, "This is the first time I've met him. I'm afraid it's not appropriate to invite him to the mainland, and I don't have a suitable reason."

Lu Xinyi said with a smile, "Why not? My brother is very passionate about charity now. If you can invite him to be the charity ambassador of 3321 and follow 3321 to the mainland as a student ambassador for a period of time, he can temporarily escape from the whirlpool of public opinion in Hong Kong. Besides, Makino Technology's information dissemination ability in the mainland is so strong. You can use the mainland as a base and help my brother build a sufficient audience in the mainland. In this way, even if the public opinion in Hong Kong is unfavorable to my brother, it will basically have no impact on him."

Lu Xinyi's suggestion made Li Mu's eyes light up when he heard it.

Li Mu knew in his heart that if he really wanted to avoid a tragedy for Zhang Guorong, then what he did tonight was absolutely not enough. What happened tonight also made Li Mu see clearly the huge interference that Zhang Guorong was facing in Hong Kong. Everyone was making a big deal about his sexual orientation and his relationship with Mr. Tang. It would definitely give him a lot of psychological pressure. If he could leave this place, out of sight, out of mind, and out of mind, his mood would definitely improve greatly.

And now that he was passionate about charity, it just so happened that he had 3321. He could give him a chance to do charity in the mainland. And what Lu Xinyi said was right. Makino Technology had a very strong information dissemination ability. Although it didn't have its own portal or entertainment media, such a strong dissemination ability was enough to help Zhang Guorong create a positive image in China. At that time, even if Hong Kong was in chaos, it would not affect him much.

But soon, Li Mu was a little uncertain and said, "I'm afraid he might not necessarily agree."

Lu Xinyi said with a smile, "Tonight, my brother owes you a favor. With his personality, he should want to return it to you as soon as possible, so you can mention it. I don't think he will refuse. If he is hesitant, you can also ask President Xiao for help. The two of them are very close, and President Xiao will definitely support him to go to the mainland."

Li Mu had a whole new level of respect for Lu Xinyi. It was very rare for this young woman from Shanghai to be able to become the deputy editor of an entertainment weekly in Hong Kong. Moreover, she had such a deep understanding of things and accurate control. She was definitely a rare talent.