Chapter 514

Li Mu could be considered half a football fan. In his previous life, he would occasionally stay up late to watch a big game. However, he was not that passionate about football. He liked to watch it, but he never played in it. He did not have a team that he really liked. Occasionally, he would watch a Derbi de España, but he would also be indecisive. He might support Real Madrid this game, but he might support Barcelona the next game. It all depended on his mood.

In this World Cup, Li Mu was just like everyone else. He was affected by the national fanaticism and followed it all the way. However, the more he watched, the more disappointed he became.

Stimulated by Li Yawei's call, Li Mu searched online for domestic predictions about the national team. When he saw that most experts predicted that the national team would beat Costa Rica, draw with Turkey, lose to Brazil, and accumulate four points to advance to the next round, Li Mu curled his lips and muttered to himself, "Bullsh * t!"

Fortunately, tonight's game was not a national team game. Otherwise, Li Mu would not even bother to take another look.

Originally, the six of them had agreed to go to Li Mu's rented house to drink and watch the game. However, in the afternoon, Hu Zhengdao called Li Mu and said anxiously, "Third Brother, everyone has an appointment to watch the game tonight. I can't go, so I called to tell you."

Li Mu asked him, "What's wrong?

Is there something wrong? "

Li Mu immediately thought of Wang Yanan's mother. During this period, Hu Zhengdao had basically spent all his energy on her. Only things related to her could make Hu Zhengdao so anxious.

Hu Zhengdao said, "A drug dealer called me and said that he has a donor who is a match for Yanan's mother. I have to hurry over."

Li Mu asked, "If it's a match, let him bring the patient to Yanjing for the surgery. Just pay him the money. Why do you have to go there yourself?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "Before the patient comes, he has to pay 30,000 yuan as a deposit. Once the patient comes, the money will not be refunded. If the patient is old or in poor health, it will be troublesome. So I think it's better to go and have a look. If there's no problem, I will give the money to him on the spot and bring him and the donor back to arrange another match. If there's no problem, I will directly hospitalize him and prepare for the surgery."

Li Mu said, "This is a big deal. Hurry up and go. Let me know if you need money."

Hu Zhengdao said, "I have enough money, but I don't think it's good to miss the gathering, so I called you to explain the situation."

Let's just wait for your birthday. "Li Mu said," Why are you still treating me like an outsider? Go do your work first. We'll meet again when you're back. "

Hu Zhengdao said with a smile, "Today, everyone was discussing that it will be your birthday in a few days. Everyone was thinking of treating you and sister-in-law to a meal to celebrate your birthday. Then let's just wait for your birthday to meet."

Li Mu agreed readily and said, "Okay, let's meet then."

Because he had an appointment with the others to watch the game, after Li Mu got off work, he first bought some snacks and side dishes to go with wine. He also asked for a basket of beer. After strenuously carrying 24 bottles of beer and other things upstairs, Li Mu called Li Yawei and asked them to come directly.

The few brothers gathered at Li Mu's rented house. Everyone drank and chatted while waiting for the game to start. The atmosphere was very good. Even Liu Nian, who usually didn't have a high tolerance for alcohol, drank almost two bottles because he was in a good mood.

After a few rounds of wine, Sun Jian said, "Li Mu, when will your birthday be in a few days? I've discussed it with a few other brothers. We're going to invite you to a meal to celebrate your birthday. Will you be free then?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes, the righteous path told me over the phone."

Sun Jian laughed and scolded, "The righteous path is always so mysterious. They always drop the ball at crucial times."

Li Mu said, "You guys have to understand him. He has a much heavier burden than us."

Xue Jianfeng nodded and said, "The righteous path is under a lot of pressure. If it was someone else, I'm afraid they wouldn't be able to handle it."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "If this kind of thing happened to Chen Qiao, what would you do?"

Xue Jianfeng smiled and said, "Li Mu, you don't know, but I broke up with Chen Qiao."

Li Mu asked curiously, "When did this happen?"

"Half a month ago."

"Why did you break up?"

"Their personalities aren't suitable."

Li Yawei laughed and teased, "Old Xue, you've slept with her for so long. Why didn't you say that their personalities aren't suitable before? Now that you've slept with them, you're saying that their personalities aren't suitable? That's a bit shameless."

Xue Jianfeng curled his lips and said, "Don't think that Chen Qiao is at a disadvantage when she's with me. She was the one who took the initiative first, and she's not a virgin at all. She's much more experienced in bed than me. I've learned a few positions from her. When you're ready to end your virginity with Xiaoxiao, come find me in advance. I'll teach you some of the techniques I learned from Chen Qiao."

Li Yawei snorted and said, "I don't need you to teach me. Iijima and Aoi are my best teachers."

Xue Jianfeng nodded and said, "It doesn't matter who you want to learn from. Just don't think that I hurt Chen Qiao when I broke up with her."

Li Mu saw that Xue Jianfeng's expression was a bit depressed. He realized that there might be some secrets that he and Li Yawei didn't know. He was worried that they would quarrel on this topic, so he picked up a bottle of beer and said, "Come on, one more. The game is about to start."

Xue Jianfeng glanced at Li Mu and took the initiative to pick up the bottle. He clinked glasses with Li Mu and said, "Let's have a drink."

The game went on until nine o 'clock. Spain easily won with a score of 3: 1 and defeated Slovenia. The whole game was very beautiful. It was a very exciting game in the group stage. Everyone watched the game while chatting, eating and drinking. When the game was over, they had drunk almost all 24 bottles of beer.

There should be less than five bottles per person, but Li Mu drank a total of four bottles. Xue Jianfeng, who had a good alcohol tolerance, drank quite a lot. After he was in the zone, he drank very quickly. Li Mu estimated that he drank at least ten bottles tonight.

After the game, they prepared to go back to the dorm to rest. Li Mu was going to send them off and then tidy up the room. However, Sun Jian drank a bit too much and asked him, "Li Mu, do you and Su Yingxue often meet here?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "No, I live here alone."

Li Yawei asked him in surprise, "Mu Ge, are you and Su Yingxue not at the last step yet?"

Li Mu asked him, "Are you and Han Xiaoxiao there yet?"

Li Yawei said, "My situation is different from Xiaoxiao's."

Li Mu felt bitter. "My situation is also different from yours."

There was another thing that Li Mu did not say. At least when Han Xiaoxiao lived in the dorm, no one cared about her. When Su Yingxue lived in the dorm, she had an aunt who checked on her all day.

Sun Jian put his hand on Li Mu's shoulder and said, "What's the point of living here alone? Why don't we go back to the dorm tonight? We can buy some beer later and drink some on the rooftop. In this season, it feels so f * cking good to go to the rooftop and drink some beer."

Li Mu asked him, "Do you have the key to the rooftop?"

Sun Jian pointed at Li Yawei. "This guy does."

Li Yawei took out a bunch of keys from her pocket and showed one of them to Li Mu. "The last time the dorm manager came to check on us, I just finished cutting the watermelon. I was polite to him, but he acted like he had never seen a watermelon before. I bought half a watermelon for 20 yuan, but he ate half of it himself. I was so angry that I almost cursed at him. He wiped his mouth and left, leaving the key in our dorm. The next day, I got a set of keys for both the dorm building and the rooftop …"

Li Mu lived in Yucheng Garden mainly because it was more convenient for him to go to Makino Technology. But tonight, everyone had a good time eating and watching the game. He felt that it was not enough, so he nodded and said, "You guys, help me clean up. We'll go back to the dorm after that."

"Okay!"

The five of them bought more than 20 cans of beer and sneaked into the school. They climbed all the way to the rooftop of the dorm building. The weather in Yan Jing was getting hot, but it was still very cool at night. This was the first time Li Mu sat on the rooftop and drank. The five of them sat in a row on the inner eaves of the rooftop, which was relatively safe. They looked at the brightly lit female dorm across from them while drinking and chatting. They felt as if they had suddenly escaped from the busyness and tiredness of the business world and found the beauty and comfort of their university life.

Li Yawei returned to the dorm midway and came back with a pair of mini binoculars. She held the binoculars and searched the female dorm for a while. She sighed and said, "Why are the girls in the dorm dressed so conservatively these days? There's nothing to see."

Sun Jian snatched the binoculars and raised them to take a look. He muttered, "It's a little cold at night in this season. If the girls only wear underwear and bras, they'll be cold. Wait for another month and you'll see lingerie models everywhere you look."

Li Yawei said, "You only know how to talk nonsense. It'll be summer break in another month. I'll go see a ghost!"

The two of them were lost in their conversation about the female dorm. Liu Nian felt dizzy as if he was about to fall asleep. Xue Jianfeng suddenly handed Li Mu a freshly opened can of beer and said in a low voice, "Something happened at home two months ago. Mom and Dad were a little short on money and didn't give us enough money for living expenses. Chen Jiao was screaming that she wanted to get a new phone. I said I'll buy one for her in two months. But in the blink of an eye, she hooked up with a local guy from her school. The guy gave her a new phone and she came to break up with me. What a bitch!"

Li Mu asked him in surprise, "What's the situation at home?"

Xue Jianfeng waved his hand and said, "Nothing big happened at home. It's just that there's a problem with cash flow. It'll be fine after a while. It's just that Chen Jiao is too bitchy. She did something like that and even told the girls in her dorm that I dumped her after playing with her. Now the girls in her dorm have a bad opinion of me. Didn't you see Yawei trying to stop me today?"

Li Mu glanced at Li Yawei. Seeing that she was still busy snatching the binoculars from Sun Jian, he reached out and patted Xue Jianfeng's shoulder and said, "Yawei doesn't know the truth. Maybe she was influenced by Han Xiaoxiao and the others. She has some opinions about you and Chen Jiao. Since you're not going to tell them about it, don't take it to heart."

Xue Jianfeng nodded seriously. He really wasn't going to tell the truth. It wasn't that he wanted to save Chen Jiao some face, but he didn't want to lose face.

However, not wanting to tell the truth didn't mean that he was willing to suffer in silence. At this moment, he didn't say much, but Li Mu could see a trace of resentment in his eyes.