Chapter 1046

When Lin Ching-ah said Mark Zuckerberg's name again, Li Mu finally confirmed that he wasn't hallucinating.

Mark Zuckerberg, the most powerful person in the world born in the 1980s except for the third son of the Jin family, actually took the initiative to appear in his sight, which made Li Mu extremely surprised.

When Li Mu was just reborn, he felt that if he could get a share of Facebook, even if it was only ten points, he would be able to rest easy for the rest of his life.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately registered a series of domain names related to Facebook. He wanted to use the domain names as a trap when Mark Zuckerberg had the idea of creating Facebook. Once Mark Zuckerberg stepped on this trap, he could treat him as prey. At that time, he could give Mark Zuckerberg a few million dollars, and he could get at least half of Facebook's shares.

However, what Li Mu didn't expect was that his development speed was exceptionally smooth in this era. Before Mark Zuckerberg even had the idea of creating Facebook, his life was already affected by Li Mu.

Mark Zuckerberg actually invited him to give a speech on behalf of Harvard. This is so interesting!

If I agree, then I can meet this legendary tycoon in the 80s before Facebook was established for a year. If I can establish a direct contact with him, maybe I can ask him to use my money to build Facebook in advance.

In addition, Li Mu was also worried that his influence on the US Internet industry was no longer the butterfly that only flapped its wings on the other side of the ocean. Instead, he had become a beast that suddenly broke into the US market. In this case, the development trajectory of the US Internet industry would definitely change greatly because of his appearance.

Li Mu's worries were not groundless. At present, there were already many media groups planning to imitate the concept of "million-dollar beauties" and do large-scale talent shows in the US. However, each media group chose a different focus. Inspired by Li Mu, Trump Media even began to plan to launch a civilian talent show next spring. According to rumors, this media group was preparing a civilian talent show that focused on the field of models. Its name was "Top Model List in the US". As long as it was a girl in the US who had the dream of becoming a model, no matter what job, they were eligible to sign up for it. Trump Media even promised an annual salary of one million dollars. The champion of the talent show would become the exclusive model of Trump Media.

The correct time node for Trump Media to operate the model talent show was 2004. At that time, this talent show also had a lot of influence in the US and even the world. This idea was more than a year ahead of the original plan in his previous life. Therefore, it was enough to see that Li Mu's influence on American society would definitely interfere with the original development process of American society.

Li Mu was also worried now. What if an American Internet company was inspired by this talent show and developed a product similar to Facebook in advance?

A product like Facebook had a simple start, but it was very difficult to develop in the long run. Only when it was done to the extreme would it be Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook. If it was not done to the extreme, then it would be Hua Xia's school intranet in the history of the Internet, directly killing the idea of this product.

After thinking for a moment, Li Mu felt that he could not continue to use the Facebook domain name to wait for Mark Zuckerberg. Otherwise, even if he waited for him, if there was a similar product on the market, the future of Facebook's development would be unpredictable.

Based on this situation, Li Mu felt that it was necessary for him to go to Harvard and meet Mark Zuckerberg in advance. If he could guide him to start a business in advance, then he would directly give him a sum of money to let him develop well.

Therefore, Li Mu's tone became conflicted. He asked Lin Ching-ah, "After all, Harvard University is the world's number one university. Is it not appropriate for me to reject them like this?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Aren't you rejecting them politely? I believe Harvard will understand."

Li Mu sighed slightly and said, "I thought about it. I can reject anyone but Harvard. I have to show respect to this university. Besides, I am also a university student."

Lin Ching-ah looked at Li Mu with some surprise and asked him, "So you changed your mind and are going to agree to them?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Arrange with them. Take two days to go to Harvard next week."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Okay, then I will communicate with them and set a general time."

…

Mark Zuckerberg, who was waiting in front of the fax machine, never dreamed that he would receive a reply from Makino Technology in less than an hour.

The content of this fax made Mark Zuckerberg even more ecstatic. In the fax, Lin Ching-ah, on behalf of Li Mu, clearly agreed to the invitation of Harvard University and would go to Harvard University next Wednesday morning. At that time, Li Mu would take the morning to give a speech at Harvard.

Mark Zuckerberg, who was extremely excited, immediately handed this fax to the school. This was the first time he had tried to get something for nothing. He did not expect it to be so successful.

Harvard was naturally very excited about this result. They immediately began to coordinate the venue on Wednesday morning. The speech on Wednesday was arranged in the auditorium of Harvard, and then the news was immediately announced to the whole school.

The news that Li Mu was going to Harvard to give a speech soon swept through the entire Harvard campus, even the American media. Harvard invited the young Li Mu to give a speech, which was enough to prove the degree of Harvard's recognition of Li Mu. This surprised the American media. In their view, people who could give a speech at Harvard were either successful graduates or leaders of the American government or business tycoons. Li Mu was the first young person to be invited to give a speech at Harvard University.

Unconsciously, Li Mu broke several records. He was the youngest person to be invited to give a speech at Harvard since the establishment of the university.

At the same time, he was the first person from Hua Xia to be invited to give a speech at Harvard since the establishment of the university. This referred to the nationality of Hua Xia, non-foreign Chinese.

The news of Li Mu being invited by Harvard not only shocked the American media, but also the Hua Xia media.

The CCTV reported on this matter in China almost immediately. The report described in detail how high the threshold to be invited to give a speech at Harvard University was. At the same time, it specifically mentioned that Li Mu had created many firsts in the history of Harvard. The Chinese netizens were suddenly ignited by this news. Not only did they discuss the matter of Li Mu being invited by Harvard enthusiastically, they even raised Li Mu to the level of a national hero. So much so that other domestic media began to follow up with the report, causing a wave in China …

…

PS: Sorry, I'm not feeling well today. My headache is coming on again. I've written these 2,000 words since ten o 'clock. I'll make it up tomorrow …