Chapter 372

Because Li Mu had affected Li Fen's life trajectory, Li Mu had a strong sense of responsibility for her. Li Fen was only eighteen years old. Li Mu hoped that she could go out of the village to broaden her horizons and increase her knowledge. It was impossible for her to work hard outside, so going to school was the best choice.

Although the significance of a private university was not great, the key was that the threshold was low, and it could let her experience the fun of university life. If she studied in a big city like Yanjing or Shanghai, it would also be a kind of improvement for her.

Moreover, a private university was not without its merits. It was still a university. Although the country did not strictly recognize the so-called diploma of a private university, it was much more useful than a high school graduate when applying for a job in a company.

With Li Mu's previous life's work experience, the students of a private university actually accounted for a large proportion of the workforce. After all, millions of private university students graduated and entered the society every year, and most of them could find a job. Take Li Fen for example. If she found a more reliable major in a private university, her employment situation after graduation would be much better than directly working in a factory in the south.

Moreover, in a more professional field like hotel management and tourism, the requirements for academic qualifications were very vague. It was easy to find a job as long as it matched the major. Moreover, Li Mu's current business easily had a valuation of more than a billion yuan. It was unimaginable to what extent it would develop in three to four years. At that time, it would be too easy to arrange a decent job for Li Fen. No matter what, it was better than letting her stay in the village and get married early.

In the company that Li Mu worked in in his previous life, the employees would generally be divided into three different factions. One was the group with high academic qualifications. These people were either masters, doctorates, or overseas MBAs. This group of people was the most valued by the company. Generally, the core positions and leadership positions were occupied by this group of people.

There was another kind of person like Li Mu, who graduated from an ordinary university in the country and did not study for a postgraduate degree. His educational background was not very impressive, but he could basically stand his ground in his own position. However, if he wanted to climb up, it was as difficult as ascending to heaven, especially for the technical position that Li Mu was engaged in. So basically, he had been stable for many years, but there was not much of a future.

There was another group that graduated from a junior college or a private university. Their academic qualifications were low, and their positions were more inclined to support or sales. Although this group of people had a slightly lower starting point than others, because the requirements for their positions were not high, they still had a chance to make some achievements if they worked hard.

For Li Fen, when she heard Li Mu talking about going to school, she also had some yearning in her heart. She knew that her cousin's ability was not ordinary. It shouldn't be a difficult thing for him to pay for her to go to school.

However, when she thought that going to school for a year would cost at least ten thousand yuan, Li Fen was a little hesitant. After all, this was an astronomical figure to her. Even if it was nothing to Li Mu, it was still a huge psychological burden to her.

Li Mu saw the longing and yearning in the depths of her eyes, so he patted her shoulder and said, "That's settled then. I'll tell your parents later that we're not getting married. I'll spend some money to get you a high school diploma. In July or August, you can choose a private university that you're interested in. I'll help you settle the other things. In September, you can directly report to the school."

Then, Li Mu added, "If you don't want to get married so early, going to school is the best solution."

Li Fen looked at Li Mu gratefully and nodded gently. She really didn't want to get married so early. At present, her cousin's suggestion was indeed the best choice she could think of. Going to school and experiencing what most people of her age experienced. For her, there was nothing better than this.

However, Li Fen also had her own concerns. She said, "The Qi family is very famous in the town, and they have a strong relationship. Qi Dayong is also famous for being a playboy in the town. I'm afraid that if I go back on my word, they will find trouble with my family."

Li Mu gave her a comforting look and said, "Don't worry, I'm here. They won't be able to play any tricks."

It was just a rural business family. Millions of yuan might be really powerful in the town, but in the Haizhou region, it was nothing. Li Mu's net worth was more than a hundred times that of them. If they really dared to find trouble, he could smash them to the ground with money.

When they returned to the dining table with Li Fen, Li Mu told them his solution in front of the whole family: negotiate with the Qi family to cancel the marriage contract, return the money that should be refunded, and apologize to them. After all, it was the Li family who broke the agreement unilaterally. First, settle the matter with the Qi family, and then find a high school for Li Fen to study in the second half of the third year of high school. Now it was too late to register for this year's college entrance examination, so she might as well not take it. After getting a high school diploma, she would directly choose a private university to register and report to when the school opened.

Li Mu's proposal stunned all the relatives at the table. None of them thought of letting Li Fen, who had dropped out of school for more than a year, go back to school again, and no one thought of sending her to college.

For the middle-aged people in the countryside, college was extremely sacred and unattainable. It was great for a village to have two or three college students in a year, and that was all earned by studying hard. Li Fen had missed a year or two in between, and she could directly go to college without taking the college entrance examination?

Was it so easy to go to college?

Li Mu briefly explained the situation of the private university to the National People's Congress. He described the private university in a somewhat idealistic way, and the purpose was to make them more approachable of his proposal. Moreover, Li Mu also clearly told Second Uncle and Second Aunt that all the expenses of Li Fen's school would be paid by himself.

Second Uncle and Second Aunt wouldn't agree no matter what. Second Aunt said, "Little Mu, Fenfen is not suitable to go to school. It's a waste of money if you let her go to school. Besides, you can't pay for it. Your Second Uncle and I can't live a good life now because of your family's help. How can we let you pay for it …"

Li Mu said, "Second Aunt, it was my father's idea to open this wholesale department for Second Uncle. If it weren't for my father's idea, Fenfen wouldn't have come home to help. Now, because of my father's idea, she came back to help in the wholesale department at home, and that's why she got married to the Qi family now. If Fenfen's life is not happy in the future, my father and even our family will not be able to get over it."

After Li Mu said this, Papa Lee's face changed a little in an instant.

He had never considered the problem of Li Fen's marriage from this perspective. Although he had stayed in the city for many years, his thinking was still relatively feudal. He didn't think there was anything wrong with Li Fen's early marriage. On the contrary, he also thought that she had reached the marriageable age, and her future husband's family was well-off. He thought that it was a good thing for her. However, Li Mu's words reminded him that Li Fen had been working outside to support her family. Her parents didn't earn much, and her younger brother was still studying in a technical school. It was the time when he needed money. If he didn't come up with the idea to open this wholesale department for his brother, Li Fen would definitely continue to work outside, and the Qi family wouldn't take a fancy to his younger brother's family. Now this marriage was probably the result of his subtle influence.

Thinking of the problem in this way, Papa Lee also felt that he had a great responsibility. What if Li Fen was not happy?

Could he feel at ease in his heart?

The answer was naturally no.

Now, Li Fen's attitude was very clear. She didn't want to get married, so he couldn't force her, because it would be irresponsible for her life.

Thinking carefully about Li Mu's proposal, Papa Lee felt that it was very good. He knew that his son could make money. Although he didn't know how much money he could make, it was definitely not a problem for him to take out tens of thousands of yuan to support Li Fen's education. Besides, he now had two shops and an income of hundreds of thousands of yuan a month. His son had no money to support his daughter's education. This money was simply a drizzle. However, if he could let Li Fen go out to see, feel, and experience, it might have a very important impact on her future.

It was much better to send her to a big city than to let her get married in the countryside.

Therefore, Papa Lee also said, "I think this is a good idea. Fenfen should go out to exercise, which is better for her."

When Second Uncle heard that even Papa Lee agreed, he put down his chopsticks and frowned for a long time. He looked at Li Fen and asked her, "Fenfen, tell me, what do you want to do now?"

Li Fen said, "Dad, I want to go to school. I want to experience the college life on TV. Even if I can't go to school, I want to go out to work. Anyway, I want to go out and see the world. I don't want to stay here, and I don't want to get married so early."

Second Uncle sighed, patted the table, and said, "Okay, if you want to go to school, I will support you. But if you don't want to get married, I will go to the Qi family tomorrow to return the betrothal gift and apologize to them."

When Li Fen heard this, she instantly cried with relief. At this time, Papa Lee said, "Since Little Mu said that he will be responsible for Fenfen's education. Let's not interfere."

Second Uncle said, "How can I do that, Big Brother? I can earn thousands of yuan a month now, which is more than what I earned in two years of farming. It will not be a problem for me to support Fenfen's education."

Papa Lee waved his hand and said, "Listen to me. Let Little Mu help Fenfen with these things. He knows better than us."

At this time, Li Mu also interrupted, "Yes, Second Uncle, you don't have to worry about this matter. I will help Fenfen solve it. Now we have to solve the problem of the Qi family first. Our Li family broke their promise first, so we have to negotiate with them to solve this matter. If they are not satisfied, we also have to bear a certain amount of financial compensation. Haven't they already started to prepare for the wedding? Tomorrow, you go and talk to them. We will compensate them all the money they spent, even if it is more emotional compensation. Money is not a problem, but the key is not to let outsiders think that we don't know how to handle things."

Second Uncle nodded and said, "Okay, I will buy something tomorrow and go to their house to talk to them."