Chapter 649

How many years had it been since the Western District Branch had seen such a chaotic scene? Someone was openly beating someone up in the parking lot of the branch, and the person was a famous billionaire in Beijing. What was even more bizarre was that the billionaire's four bodyguards, who were carefully selected by the billionaire, were instantly taken down by three people who appeared out of nowhere. These three people were terrifyingly skilled. Even the special forces in the police system couldn't compare to them.

Fortunately, these three people had started the fight in the branch's headquarters. When Hu La Chao and a large group of police officers came out, some of them even had guns with them, the three of them immediately gave up.

Seeing that Li Mu had voluntarily extended his hand to be handcuffed by the police, Wang Yuanlang and the other two could only give up resisting and surrender.

Su Yingxue was worried that the police would come back to their senses and make things difficult for her. At this moment, she had already followed Li Mu's instructions and entered his Benz G55 with his car keys. She didn't leave in a hurry. Instead, she watched as Li Mu was arrested, and then she drove out of the branch with tears in her eyes.

Then, a large group of police officers escorted the four people into the office building. Another group of people, led by the police officer surnamed Song, were anxiously surrounding Huang Jinxiao, asking him if he was seriously injured.

Huang Jinxiao was in his fifties, and his body was considered strong. However, he was no match for a twenty-year-old young man like Li Mu. His entire body was in so much pain that he couldn't even move. He could only whimper and scold, "Damn it, why are you guys staring at me like that?

Hurry up and call an ambulance! "

The police officer surnamed Song quickly took out his phone and called 120. At this moment, a police car stopped in front of them. The branch's chief, Lu Changyong, had just rushed back. When he saw a few people lying on the ground, he felt that something was wrong. He quickly got out of the car and looked at Huang Jinxiao's bloody face. He asked him anxiously, "Boss Huang, what happened to you?!"

Huang Jinxiao was about to lose his mind. He raised his hand and pointed at the police officer surnamed Song, "Ask him!"

Lu Changyong hurriedly asked the police officer, "Song Zheng, what exactly happened?!"

Song Zheng hurriedly got up, pulled Lu Changyong to the side, and described the cause and effect of the matter in detail.

Lu Changyong was furious after hearing that. He pointed at Song Zheng's nose and scolded, "I asked you to serve Mr. Huang well. Is this how you do things for me?

To think that I even nurtured you as a material. Do you know how big of a mess you've made for me?! "

Lu Changyong could not help but be angry. Who was Huang Jinxiao?

With his status and position, he didn't even have his phone number. Even if he did, he would never dare to call him. The police officers that Huang Jinxiao usually interacted with were all of a higher rank than him. The lowest rank among them was an important position in the city bureau. Any higher than that would be in the ministry. Lu Changyong was just a small shrimp in front of him.

This time, it was not Huang Jinxiao who looked for Lu Changyong. It was Lu Changyong's superior in the city bureau who personally called him. His superior told him that there was an accident at Huang Jinxiao's house. One of the younger generation of the Huang family hit someone and fled. He left a Bentley registered under Huang Jinxiao's name at the scene. Huang Jinxiao asked his driver to take the blame. Coincidentally, this case was under the jurisdiction of the Western District Branch, so Lu Changyong's superior gave him full authority to handle this matter.

Lu Changyong was the confidant of his boss. Only he and Lu Changyong knew the truth of this matter in the entire police system, so Lu Changyong rushed back immediately after receiving the call. On the one hand, he hoped to complete the task given to him by his boss, and on the other hand, he hoped to use this matter to build a relationship with Huang Jinxiao. As a result, he didn't expect that Huang Jinxiao would be beaten up into a pig's head in his own branch. He was afraid that he couldn't get rid of this responsibility. If his boss blamed him, his future would be greatly affected.

Therefore, Lu Changyong immediately ordered Song Zheng, "Immediately detain those troublemakers for fifteen days. Don't send them to the detention center yet, just detain them in our branch office. Teach them a lesson in the next forty-eight hours!"

Song Zheng hurriedly nodded. "I'll do it now!"

Lu Changyong nervously squatted next to Huang Jinxiao and repeatedly apologized to him. He also promised him. "Don't worry, Mr. Huang. I will definitely seek justice for you!"

Huang Jinxiao was furious. He spat on Lu Changyong's face and scolded him angrily. "Who the f * ck do you think you are? Seek justice for me?

You don't deserve it!

Let me tell you, Lu. Keep a close eye on that kid. If he runs away, you're dead! "

The surrounding policemen were stunned. No one had expected Huang Jinxiao to be so bold as to threaten a branch director in front of so many policemen. However, Lu Changyong was really scared out of his wits. He did not dare to wipe off the bloody saliva on his face. Instead, he bowed and promised, "Don't worry, Mr. Huang. I will definitely keep a close eye on him …"

The ambulances from Shuitan Hospital arrived quickly. The doctors and nurses were shocked when they arrived at the scene. In all their years of work, they had never seen such a tragic fight in the Public Security Bureau. There were a total of seven injured people at the scene. All three ambulances had arrived. Lu Changyong hurriedly asked the doctors and nurses to send Huang Jinxiao to the hospital first. So, a doctor and two nurses hurriedly carried Huang Jinxiao to the first ambulance on a stretcher.

Before Huang Jinxiao got on the ambulance, he turned his head and said to the lawyer, whose face was swollen like a pig's head, "Xiao Wu, come up too. Call Lao San and Lao Si and ask them to go directly to the hospital!"

Lawyer Wu nodded and followed him into the ambulance. Lu Changyong subconsciously wanted to follow, but Huang Jinxiao saw that he had one foot on the ambulance. He immediately shouted, "Why the f * ck are you following?

Get out! "

Lu Changyong immediately said angrily, "Mr. Huang, I'll accompany you to the hospital …"

Huang Jinxiao scolded him again, "Get out!"

Lu Changyong could only get out of the ambulance again. Seeing his subordinates around him stunned, the evil fire in his heart was about to explode.

He was a branch director, and people had to give him some face wherever he went. He did not expect to be scolded by Huang Jinxiao here. Although Lu Changyong was very angry, there was nothing he could do. There was a huge gap between him and Huang Jinxiao. If Huang Jinxiao really wanted to mess with him, he could ruin his ten years of hard work in his career with just one word.

He suddenly thought of the person who had caused so much trouble for him. He was so angry that he stepped into the office building.

…

After Su Yingxue drove out, she immediately parked the car on the side of the road not far from the Western District Branch. Then she hurriedly got out of the car and went to the public phone booth. She tried to remember Zhao Kang's phone number.

When Li Mu gave her the car key, he did not give her his phone. Her phone had long been broken, so she could not find Zhao Kang's phone number. Fortunately, she vaguely remembered that the first nine digits of Zhao Kang's phone number were exactly the same as Li Mu's. Only the last two digits were different. At that time, she was curious and compared the first nine digits of Zhao Kang's phone number.

After thinking for about half a minute, Su Yingxue thought of an uncertain number. She wanted to try again if she could not get through, but she did not expect that the person on the other end of the phone to say "hello" was very familiar.

"Is this Zhao Kang?"

"That's me. Who are you?"

"This is Su Yingxue. Something happened to Li Mu."

Zhao Kang immediately raised his voice by an octave and asked her loudly, "What's wrong with Li Mu?

What happened? "

Su Yingxue hurriedly told Zhao Kang everything that happened today over the phone. Zhao Kang, who was taking advantage of the holiday to spend time with his girlfriend, was furious after hearing the whole thing. He called Song Liang while leaving his girlfriend aside and driving to the Western District Branch.

Song Liang had been in Yanjing, and he and Chen Ze had been dealing with the club and the land in the Third Ring Road recently. Now they happened to be together. As soon as he heard that something serious had happened to Li Mu, he hurriedly dragged Chen Ze to the Western District Branch.

Chen Ze was dragged out of the office by Song Liang. He trotted all the way to the parking lot before he understood what had happened. After hearing the whole story, Chen Ze was also dumbfounded. Li Mu actually fought with Huang Jinxiao and even beat Huang Jinxiao?

This kid was too ferocious!

Huang Jinxiao had a lot of power in Yanjing, which was not something that Chen Guanghua could compare with. With Li Mu's power, it was no problem to trample on Chen Guanghua, but it was a bit difficult to trample on Huang Jinxiao. The most important thing was that Huang Jinxiao's connections in the major ministries and commissions in Yanjing were very strong. It was not so easy to mess with him.

However, even though he was surprised, Chen Ze still did not hesitate to get in the car with Song Liang. Song Liang drove away quickly, and Chen Ze sat in the passenger seat, thinking about Li Mu's odds of winning against Huang Jinxiao.

In her opinion, the Huang family was not a small family, and they were very capable. However, Li Mu's business was not inferior to the Huang family's. Perhaps he had already prepared to wrestle with the Huang family before he took action.

…

In the Western District Branch, the treatment that Li Mu suffered was particularly rough.

First of all, he was not locked up with Wang Yuanlang and the others. Instead, he was locked up in an interrogation room alone. Several policemen who brought him in took everything from him and then handcuffed him to the interrogation chair. When Song Zheng came over and saw that Li Mu could still sit, he immediately handcuffed him to the lower pipe of the radiator. It was almost close to the ground and the corner, so that Li Mu could only squat next to the radiator.

Song Zheng checked if the handcuffs were tight enough and did not forget to threaten Li Mu, "Kid, don't blame me for not reminding you. You are dead this time!"

Li Mu nodded, "Thank you for your kind reminder. I will remember it."

Song Zheng sneered and said, "Alright, continue to be awesome. Soon, you won't even have tears to cry."

With that, Song Zheng stood up and said to the two policemen beside him, "The two of you, find two more colleagues to work overtime. Watch over him in shifts. Make sure that he can't eat, drink, sleep, or go to the toilet for the next 48 hours!"

The two of them looked at each other and did not answer for a while. Song Zheng said angrily, "What the f * ck are you waiting for?

This is Chief Lu's order! "