Chapter 761

Li Mu's impassioned speech was destined to be recorded in the history of the development of Hua Xia's Internet industry. At this moment, he made countless people realize the infinite possibilities of the Internet. Not only did he change the views of countless parents on the Internet, but he also ignited a strong passion for the Internet among countless young people.

In Li Mu's Tieba forum, countless people swore that they must learn computer science, or that they must devote themselves to the Internet. The Internet could make Li Mu a billionaire and a domineering president in just over a year. There was almost no better role model than him.

After infecting countless people, the interview on TV continued.

Sun Junyi also adjusted his mood and rhythm. He had been a host for so many years, especially for high-end interviews. He had interviewed so many politicians and big entrepreneurs from various countries, but it was rare for his rhythm to be directly disrupted by the other party, especially a young person like Li Mu. Sitting in front of him and watching him express his views sincerely and passionately, Sun Junyi felt that he had been brainwashed by Li Mu.

After adjusting his mood, he wanted to continue the interview.

At this time, Li Mu said something surprising, "In order to better promote the popularization of home computers and the Internet, Makino Technology has just reached a cooperation with Shenzhen Shenzhou Computer a few days ago. Makino Technology has invested 40% of Shenzhou Technology's shares, and is ready to cooperate with Taobao to do a very meaningful activity."

Sun Junyi asked curiously, "What kind of activity is it?"

Li Mu said, "In the near future, Makino Technology and Shenzhou will jointly launch a home computer series, and because we will adopt the direct sales model on Taobao, the cost of the whole machine will be greatly reduced. We hope to help more families and users to have a home computer that truly belongs to them and their families at a lower price."

It was related to advertising. Sun Junyi suddenly didn't know how to answer. It was inappropriate to answer too much, but it was also inappropriate to not answer at all. So he had to say a little vaguely, "Then let's look forward to the launch of this series of products together!"

After that, Sun Junyi, who was about to pull the rhythm back, hurriedly asked Li Mu according to the interview plan he had prepared in advance, "Why did you establish Makino Technology?"

"Makino Technology is unintentional."

Speaking of this, Li Mu knew it was time to make up a story.

His internet experience, vision, product concept, and strategic layout were almost equivalent to a modern person who had transmigrated to ancient times. It was not easy to make ancient people calm and willing to believe that he was just a slightly more awesome ancient person.

Fortunately, Li Mu's acting skills were very good. At the same time, he was good at acting.

He said with a smile on his face, "Actually, it was a coincidence that I entered the internet industry. I was very interested in the internet. I spent my spare time in internet cafes during high school, and I slowly studied the internet to a certain extent."

"During the summer vacation, I met the band Simple Plans by chance. At that time, they happened to be participating in a domestic band competition on TV. At that time, their influence in the country was growing. I had a flash of inspiration and thought that it would be better to make an online music listening website and put their songs on the internet for more users to hear. So, with the support and help of a few friends of Simple Plans, I used a very low cost to make Easy Listening, which is Easy Listening Technology."

As he said that, Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm sorry, I didn't introduce it in detail before. Actually, Easy Listening Technology was also created by me, and it was the earliest internet project."

Sun Junyi nodded and said jokingly, "I'm used to it."

Li Mu laughed and continued, "After Easy Listening went online, with its outstanding user experience, it quickly attracted a large number of users who liked music.

In the process, I accidentally discovered that not only did people like music, but they also liked to leave comments for their favorite singers or songs. Even fans would interact with each other through comments.

So I thought at that time, Easy Listening gathered so many music lovers, and they liked different singers and bands. Why not open an exclusive discussion area for each singer or group?

That way, users who liked the same singer could discuss, communicate, and interact together. That's why there was a follow-up forum. "

Sun Junyi said in surprise, "If you didn't say it, I wouldn't even know that the forum with tens of millions of users was actually an accidental product of Easy Listening."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Strictly speaking, I personally don't think it can be said that Post Bar is an accidental product of Easy Listening."

"An accidental product is like Alexander Fleming accidentally discovering penicillin in a routine experiment of cultivating golden coccus due to his own negligence. It was a completely unexpected harvest. Post Bar is a new product that I deliberately created to meet the needs of users at that time and in the future after I realized the needs of users and conducted in-depth research on users' needs."

"It's like users only want a pager that can show which landline is looking for them, but we skipped the pager and gave users a mobile phone that can freely receive calls, send and receive text messages, and even surf the Internet through GPRS. Everyone likes products that far exceed their expectations, so meeting the needs of users in the next stage has always been my personal core requirement for Makino Technology and Taobao."

Sun Junyi said again, "Speaking of Makino Technology, the Internet industry has always said that Animal Husbandry Technology is a company that develops so fast that people dare not blink. Some people also say that Animal Husbandry Technology is a company that never makes mistakes. Not only has it launched a series of blockbuster products in a short period of time, but more importantly, each product can be rapidly expanded in a very short period of time. So, I would like to ask, why is Animal Husbandry Technology developing so fast, and every step taken so precisely?"

Li Mu said faintly, "Animal Husbandry Technology does have a lot of products. Not only do we have YY, but we also have Post Bar, Happy Farm, game halls, personal spaces, cartoon shows, navigation websites, and portals. But it's more like one begets two, two begets three, and three begets all things."

As he said that, Li Mu further introduced, "Starting from Post Bar, every product we create is only done with the goal of creating a complete ecosystem. Each product has its own clear positioning and planning in the dimension of itself and the entire ecosystem. Coupled with our strong execution, it makes the outside world feel that our actions and products are very continuous."

"As for never making mistakes, this statement is a bit exaggerated. Looking back at every decision and the process of implementation, I can only say that we barely met our expectations. But looking at it now, we still made a lot of subtle mistakes. If we didn't make these mistakes in the beginning, the development of Makino Technology might be even faster."

Sun Junyi nodded slightly and said, "Personally, I have a deep impression of Happy Farm. This game has really set off a crazy whirlwind in the country. My daughter is nine years old this year, and my mother is 65 years old this year. Both of them are loyal fans of Happy Farm. In fact, even I can't help but secretly play this game, even though I say that this game is childish. Just now, you said that after Post Bar, every product of Makino Technology has its own positioning and planning in the dimension of itself and the entire ecosystem. So, I really want to know what kind of opportunity prompted Makino Technology to develop such a unique game?"

"Opportunity?"

Li Mu smiled and said rather playfully, "The development of Happy Farm is not because of some kind of opportunity, but because of some kind of consideration. Personally, I am very optimistic about the field of instant messaging. But at that time, there were ICQ and MSN overseas, and QQ in the country. As a new company that has never been in the field of instant messaging, it was very difficult for Makino Technology to leverage this market."

"As we all know, instant messaging software, to put it bluntly, is the user's social network. It not only includes the user's real life network, but also the user's virtual network in the online world. If we blindly make an instant messaging software, such as YY, and then think of letting the user migrate all these network from the previous software to YY, the user's use cost is too high, and the possibility is close to zero. So, when we thought about this problem with our feet on the ground, I chose to do it secretly. That's how I came up with the idea of Happy Farm."

Sun Junyi asked, "You mean, the mission of Happy Farm is to prepare for YY?"

"Of course."

Li Mu said frankly, "Many people in the industry classify Happy Farm as a web game, or FLAS * * *. But I define it as: a social game. What is a social game?

A game that requires social network to play is called a social game. Its essence is to let the user expand their network. The richer the network, the more friends they have, the more fun it will be. This is the strategy we came up with to deal with the high cost of migrating the user's network. "

As he said this, Li Mu explained further, "For example, in your phone's address book, there should be people who are useful, right?

Your relatives, friends, colleagues, or people who can provide various services for you, such as the restaurant downstairs, the property management in the neighborhood, the water delivery man, and the car repair shop nearby. But some old classmates you haven't contacted for many years. You might not think of finding their contact information and saving their phone number into your address book. "

"Sometimes, when the storage space of your phone and SIM card is full, you have to delete a group of people you haven't contacted for a long time. So, I define this kind of network as a practical network. It's the same for your phone's address book, other websites, and software.

But once you play a social game, you will realize that there will never be enough connections. When the practical network can no longer satisfy your needs in the game, you will take the initiative to develop and expand the foundation of the practical network. You will think of ways to contact old classmates, old neighbors, old acquaintances, and add each other as friends, just to have one more target to steal vegetables from. You will add more friends in the game online, and everyone will promote each other and make the game more fun. "

Sun Junyi nodded in agreement and said with a self-deprecating smile, "I think what you just said is something that every player in Happy Farm has done, and they are even doing it now. Then let me guess, letting the users actively expand their network in Happy Farm is what you said just now, right?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled with a victorious expression. "Makino Technology used Happy Farm to expand the social network of users. So, after our YY went online, the user network cultivated in Happy Farm was directly migrated to YY without any barriers. So, we were able to defeat our competitors and consolidate the position of our product."

At this time, in Shenzhen, Chairman Ma, who was in front of the television, looked at the calm and confident Li Mu with a dejected expression and sighed deeply.

At this moment, he had a deeper understanding of his failure on QQ.

On the television, Sun Junyi asked Li Mu again, "Then what was the opportunity and inspiration that made you want to create Taobao?"

Li Mu said, "Because I'm optimistic about the future of e-commerce. The Internet makes the distance between people shorter and shorter. I think the Internet can also make the distance between people and products shorter and shorter."

Sun Junyi nodded and suddenly thought of a question. He asked, "Speaking of which, the rapid development of Taobao and its rapid acceptance by consumers is inextricably linked to Alipay. So, why did you have the foresight to create Alipay when 3321 was first established?

Did you already think of doing e-commerce when you were working on 3321? "

Li Mu nodded in his heart and said yes, but in reality, he shook his head and said no.

He smiled indifferently in front of the camera and said, "I didn't create Alipay because I had any foresight. I didn't create Alipay to serve e-commerce one day. When it was born, all of its missions revolved around 3321."

As he said that, Li Mu paused slightly and said, "You should also know the operating model of 3321. Although it is an online education service platform, in reality, it is a model that allows people to buy services online and enjoy services offline. It is a model that closely combines online and offline. So, I gave this model a name, O2O, which is Online-To-Offline, from online to offline."

"Because it is the O2O model, I had to clearly distinguish which parts should be completed online, which is to say online, and which parts should be completed offline, which is to say offline, which is to say offline.

Other than that, there is also a payment segment and a final service segment. The final service segment definitely needs to be done offline. It seems like the payment segment is more convenient to do offline, but at that time, I felt that the payment segment also needs to be done online. "

Sun Junyi asked him, "Can you tell me why the payment has to be done online?

Is it because it is more convenient to deduct commissions from the online payment model? "

Li Mu didn't deny it and said, "A part of it, but it is more to protect the rights and personal safety of the students. You can see that 3321 has done a lot for the safety of the students, and the authenticated Alipay is a key part of it.

First, the employer's information has to be authenticated and reliable. If the students encounter any problems in the process of tutoring, we can cooperate with the public security department to immediately locate the employer. Secondly, the students don't need to pay with cash, and we don't even need to have any direct financial transactions with the clients. All the employers pay first, and this will greatly increase the safety of the students. Moreover, I don't want the students on my platform to have to go around asking for compensation like the migrant workers. All of this is thanks to the online payment channel that we created, Alipay. Without it, 3321 wouldn't have been able to blossom so smoothly in the country. "

Sun Junyi nodded. No matter what other people thought, he already believed that Li Mu created Alipay for 3321, and it had nothing to do with Taobao.

Then, Sun Junyi said, "We have talked about the past and the present. Why don't we talk about the future? Where do you think the future of the internet industry is headed?"

Li Mu smiled faintly. "It's all aspects, everything."

Sun Junyi asked curiously, "What do you mean?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The internet began in the virtual world, but it has always been trying to merge with reality. I have only merged social networking and shopping. There are still many possibilities waiting for the practitioners to develop and explore. Therefore, I feel that the future of the internet will be full of flowers. Just like gourmet food, there will be all kinds of varieties, just like flour. I used it to make mantou, some people used it to make bread, and some people used it to make noodles or cakes. There are too many possibilities."

Sun Junyi said, "As the leader of the domestic internet industry, do you have anything to say to your peers and practitioners?"

Li Mu said, "Stay focused, stay passionate. Don't forget your original intention, and you will achieve the end."

Sun Junyi nodded and said with a smile, "Each of your sixteen words of wisdom is a gem. I hope it can guide more successors."

After saying that, Sun Junyi asked again, "Is there anything you want to say to the young people?

After today's episode, I'm afraid many young people will see you as their idol and role model. Do you have any advice or suggestions for them? "

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "No matter what, you must have a dream. The dream doesn't have to be big, but it must be filled with positive energy."

The term 'positive energy' had not become popular yet, so Sun Junyi subconsciously wanted to ask. However, Li Mu did not stop and continued, "Don't feel sorry for yourself, don't feel inferior, and don't lose hope for others and society. Always face everything with a positive and optimistic attitude and work hard to realize the positive energy in your heart. That way, even if your dream doesn't come true, you can still pass on the positive energy in your body to the people around you. Let them see your perseverance and hard work. Therefore, I hope that all the young people can be determined to be people full of positive energy from now on. First change yourself, then you can change others, and then change the world!"