Chapter 641

Accompanied by Li Mu, the three celebrities visited 3321's headquarters in the National People's Congress. They met with 3321's staff and members of the National People's Congress Student Union, and gave speeches. The whole process was covered by YY website continuously. The manuscripts were intersected by both text and video. Among them, the text consultation was the most efficient. It basically shortened the delay to about ten minutes. In this era where wireless Internet communication was still very primitive, this efficiency was unprecedented.

Such a dense report naturally made the netizens who were interested in this special topic exclaim in satisfaction. Compared to the previous crude and simple reports on current affairs, YY's news reporting method, which combined text, pictures, and video, was definitely a pioneer.

This kind of fast, comprehensive, and exciting special report gave users who had a need for information an unprecedented feeling of amazement. It was a new height that the Internet information field had never reached before. Among them, in addition to the fast and efficient publishing rhythm, the real winning point was the application of video streaming media transmission technology.

Now, there were already several common streaming media technology protocols in the Internet field. These protocols each had their advantages and disadvantages, but the biggest problem was nothing more than the lack of transmission efficiency and quality. In this era, portals were the windows for users to understand the world and the Internet, so the traffic was huge. Without an efficient streaming media transmission technology and strong bandwidth support, no portal would dare to launch an online video service at will. Otherwise, the huge bandwidth demand would drag down the entire server. Even if the video service was separated from the entire portal, it would completely drag down the entire server of the video service.

But for Makino Technology, they already had the foundation to make online videos on a small scale. As long as there was not a large amount of video content, with the current level of hardware and software of Makino Technology, it was still easy to handle. Moreover, now that Li Mu had started to build Makino Technology's own data processing center, it was definitely in a leading position among domestic Internet companies.

Not only Sina, but the entire Internet industry had begun to re-examine the strength of Makino Technology. A technical team of a few hundred people was indeed a very large scale, and it was also the number one productivity of Makino Technology at present.

The senior management of Sina was gloomy at this moment. The product model that they had just prepared to develop had been implemented by Makino Technology before they had time to start. The difference was no longer a matter of level. They were in a completely different era. The direction and hope that they had just found were shattered in an instant.

In this emergency meeting, Chen Tong could clearly feel that the senior leaders of Sina were no longer as angry and melancholy as before. All of them had a blank look on their faces as if they had undergone a huge psychological change.

The CEO was the first to speak at the meeting. There was no fluctuation in his tone. He said expressionlessly, "Everyone should know, right?"

Everyone else nodded lightly. No one was willing to say a word more.

The CEO looked at Chen Tong and asked, "Old Chen, what do you think?"

Chen Tong pursed his lips and hesitated for a moment before saying, "I don't know yet. The previous idea seems to be completely meaningless to continue to develop now. I think I have to think about it carefully and see if we can find other solutions."

The CEO nodded and did not comment on his words. Instead, he asked him, "As a senior content operator, can you objectively evaluate the quality of the special topic that YY website did today?

Let's put aside their technical means and only talk about the quality of their content. "

Chen Tong said, "The quality of this special topic on YY website is very high. They have very high requirements for manuscripts and pictures. Whether it is the content itself or the layout effect, they are far better than other portal websites, including ours. Their refinement of the content is unprecedented among portal websites."

The CEO nodded slightly and said, "Content was originally our advantage, but now even our content has been overtaken by them. Look at YY website. First, they have surpassed us in page design, UI design, and user experience. Second, they have surpassed us in page technology. Then, they have surpassed us in content. Finally, their advantage in other product support is worlds apart from ours. We are relying on Sina alone to fight them. Can we catch up to them in all aspects?"

Chen Tong fell silent when he heard this. Not only the CEO felt this way, but he also felt pessimistic that Sina basically had no chance of overtaking YY website.

The CEO saw that Chen Tong was silent, so he announced his decision. "Stop the streaming media development project. From today onwards, Sina will no longer treat Makino Technology as a competitor. We will change our positioning and divide the current portal websites into three tiers. The first tier will be YY website. The second tier will be us, Sohu, Yahoo, and NetEase. The third tier will be the other small and medium-sized portal websites. We will only compete with Sohu and NetEase."

Chen Tong raised his head and looked at the CEO with surprise and despair in his eyes.

The CEO sighed softly and said, "Recognize your position. I don't want to follow in the footsteps of Teng Xun and be dragged down to death by an enemy that is too powerful to surpass. The portal product can never be a monopoly. No matter how Muye Technology develops, it is impossible to take away all the traffic of these second-tier websites. So, next, we will stabilize the traffic on the current basis while quickly carrying out ecological development."

As he spoke, the CEO cleared his throat and explained, "The Internet companies in Silicon Valley have recently proposed a new concept, which is the ecological development that I mentioned. This concept is still very vague, but generally speaking, it is for the Internet companies to form their own ecological chain. For example, a company can't just own a piece of land, but it also needs to grow all kinds of plants on the soil. Some plants are used to ensure that the soil will not be lost, and some plants are used to provide nutrients for animals. Then, the animals will be raised on their own soil. Not only can the animals be slaughtered and sold for meat, but they can also be shaved and sold for money. They can also be milked for money, and they can also reproduce. Finally, these animals that reproduce on their own soil can bring more nutrients to the soil. At this point, the animals planted on the soil depend on each other and support each other.

A vice president exclaimed, "Isn't this what Makino Technology is doing?"

The CEO nodded and said, "When I saw this new concept, the first thing that came to my mind was Makino Technology. Makino Technology has a very rich product line, and each of them has its own role at different levels. At the same time, they can support each other perfectly. So if any company wants to compete with any product of Makino Technology, they are actually competing with the entire ecological chain of Makino Technology. For example, it seems that our Sina is competing with their YY website, but we have nothing behind us, while YY website has products like YY, Tieba, and games behind it. How can we be their opponent?"

Everyone couldn't help but nod. The CEO was right. Makino Technology fought as an army, very much like the American aircraft carrier fleet. No matter which ship the opponent wanted to attack, they would have to face the powerful firepower of the entire fleet. Sina was just a destroyer. It couldn't even beat the destroyer in the Makino Technology fleet, so how could it fight against the entire fleet?

The CEO continued, "I think what we need to do now is to avoid the edge of Makino Technology. We don't compete with them, and we don't respond to any form of attack from them. What we need to do now is to focus on building our own ecological chain and increase our product line as soon as possible. Otherwise, once our door is lost, we will be doomed."

Chen Tong couldn't help but ask, "What do you mean to develop in?"

The CEO said lightly, "Make games.

Look at NetEase. They are very smart. They never take the initiative to participate in sectarian competition. Instead, they use their portal to support their own game business. Their Journey to the West Online was launched at the end of last year, and now the revenue is very considerable. Although it can't be compared with 'Miracle Mu' and 'Legend of Mir 2', it is enough to give NetEase a lot of room for imagination. Their Journey to the West Online 2 is now in open beta and will be officially launched in August. In the future, the game market will have a lot of room for development. It's not too late for us to cut in at this time. "

Chen Tong's sworn enemy, Xu Jinzhong, suddenly became spirited. He blurted out, "This is a good direction for games!

The rapid development of the game business in the past two years is obvious to all. Chen Tianqiao's Shengda Network and Li Mu's Storm Entertainment both relied on one game to make tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of revenue in a month. Moreover, the agency cost of these two games is very low. It's simply a huge profit! "

At this moment, Xu Jinzhong really wanted to take down this new business of games. He had wanted to use UC to make some big moves, but he didn't expect to encounter the crazy attack of Makino Technology. He could only give up. Moreover, he had always been very unhappy with Chen Tong. He didn't dare to make a move on Chen Tong previously because after UC went bankrupt, the website that Chen Tong was in charge of became the company's biggest hope. Seeing that Chen Tong's business was basically ruined by Makino Technology, he realized that his real opportunity had come.

When he was doing UC previously, the CEO still attached great importance to the portal website. Therefore, when the portal website was threatened, his own UC had to give way to the portal website. But it was different now. The CEO had just said that the portal website had completely given up resistance, completely avoided the sharp edge of Makino Technology, and focused on developing other products to build its own ecosystem. At this time, if he got the game business, he basically didn't have to worry about anything and could completely go all out. As for Chen Tong, if the website was half dead, he wouldn't have a few good days. He probably wouldn't even be able to keep his current position as the vice president.