Chapter 674

At the thought of Lan Ke Group, Wei Lan's heart itched with hatred.

This company was the behind-the-scenes manipulator who wanted to swallow up Juncheng Real Estate. This was not the first time Lan Ke Group tried to swallow up Juncheng. Fortunately, Wei Lan and her father had resolved the previous few times. Relying on the sound development of the company, Wei Lan and her father had never given the other party a chance. Moreover, they had made their own industry bigger and bigger. But now, as her father was deeply involved in Wu Qinghai's case, it gave the other party a great opportunity.

Lan Ke Group, like Juncheng, had their eyes on the new district. However, Lan Ke Group was a large group. Their strategic deployment and implementation were not as flexible as Juncheng. By the time they were ready to make their move, Juncheng had already taken away the three most promising pieces of land in the new district and started the construction vigorously.

The three real estate projects developed by Juncheng Real Estate in the new district this time could be said to have exhausted the entire company. The three projects were all staring at the new urban railway line that was about to start construction. Not only did they have the advantage of rail transit, but they also had the favorable policies of the municipal government to vigorously develop the new district. It could be said to be unique.

The high-tech park in the new district had been under construction at the same time. After completion, it would become the largest high-tech park in the triangle of the entire Shanghai city. Countless large enterprises were about to enter, so the average price of the surrounding housing rose again and again. A large number of citizens and real estate speculators were staring at the three real estate projects of Juncheng Real Estate. There were even Wen City real estate speculators who proposed to buy half of the real estate projects before the opening.

After the incident, the thing that Wei Lan regretted the most was that she strongly suggested that Juncheng Real Estate should not sell the three real estate projects in advance. Otherwise, Juncheng Real Estate would have long controlled the cost and profits by selling the three real estate projects. In that way, even if the money in the company's account was seized by the court, she could still feel a lot more relaxed. At least if the bank applied for forced repayment of the loan, the money could be directly transferred from the company's account, and the three real estate projects with heavy investment would not be pushed to a dead end.

The reason why Wei Lan did not recommend selling the three real estate projects in advance was because she made a rational decision in many aspects. On the one hand, Juncheng Real Estate had the financial ability to build the three real estate projects. On the other hand, the price of the future house was bound to be lower than the existing house, and it could not maximize the profit. In addition, Wei Lan's own ambitions in the real estate field. She had always felt that selling the future house was not a strategy that a powerful real estate company should adopt. Most of the future houses were developed by small real estate companies. Even of big real estate companies, of of of of some of them, were the product of excessive enthusiasm. Most of of of real estate projects were constantly negative news, which had a great impact on the corporate image.

At present, Song Zhilei, as the shareholder of Juncheng, actually helped the Lan Ke Group to "persuade" her to let go. Based on Wei Lan's understanding of Song Zhilei, this kind of person would not accept the valuation of a few hundred million to transfer the shares of Juncheng Real Estate in his hands. Now that he repeatedly threatened her to give in for such a low price, he had definitely reached an agreement with the Lan Ke Group in private long ago.

Wei Lan told Song Zhilei to wash up and sleep, but Song Zhilei was not angry. After a few minutes, he sent a message: "Wei Lan, as your uncle, let me give you a piece of advice. You are young, you cannot wholeheartedly drill into the eye of money. You also have to think about your father. If you agree to transfer Juncheng to Lan Ke now, Lan Ke can immediately pull your father out of Wu Qinghai's case. In this way, your father can also return to the country honorably. At that time, he will still have some money in his hands. If he doesn't want to work anymore, he can retire. If he wants to work, he can find an opportunity to make a comeback. It is much better than hiding abroad now."

Wei Lan ignored him. After a moment, Song Zhilei sent another message: "Wei Lan, you can be stubborn, but if you continue to drag it, as long as the court convicts your father, he can forget about returning to the country and living a stable life in this life. There are only two outcomes in the future: either he comes back in a box, or he comes back to the prison and dies. You should seriously consider it."

Seeing this message, Wei Lan almost smashed her phone in hatred. She knew that Song Zhilei pursued profits, but she didn't know that he was so shameless. This message was full of threats and curses, as if if she did not sell the company to Lan Ke, her father would never be able to get rid of the crime and would never be able to return to Hua Xia. And Wei Lan was very clear that if she agreed to sell Juncheng Real Estate to Lan Ke at a low price, it would be impossible for Lan Ke to let her father get away from Wu Qinghai's case. If Lan Ke obtained such a large amount of gray profit, they would not let her father live. At that time, they must be thinking about how to get rid of future troubles.

Song Zhilei was treating her like a three-year-old child. He even used the words that she only cared about money and didn't care about her father's safety to provoke her. It was really hateful!

For Lan Ke Group, the best result at present was to take advantage of Juncheng's big trouble to buy Juncheng at a low price, and then use her own ability to release Juncheng from this case. But it was only the company that was released. The company was released, but it didn't mean that the court would give up on prosecuting her father. There was no necessary connection between the two.

Although Wei Lan still didn't know how to solve the current crisis, after being provoked by Song Zhilei, at least she could be sure of one thing. At this time, she had to hold the mentality that she would rather die than live in disgrace. As long as the court hadn't ruled, as long as Juncheng's three heavily invested buildings hadn't been forcibly auctioned by the bank, this matter had a chance to turn around. She absolutely couldn't let herself ruin her father's years of hard work. No matter what, she had to persist to the end.

Song Zhilei's text ignited the fighting spirit in Wei Lan's heart. She didn't eat a single bite of the food she ordered. She immediately paid the bill and drove back to the company. On the way, she called the lawyer and asked them to quickly go back and meet up. She had some details to confirm with the lawyer.

When the lawyer returned to the company, Wei Lan immediately summoned them to her office and asked one question. "If we can't protect Director Wei's innocence, how can we avoid the loss to the greatest extent?

If the court rules that Director Wei is guilty, what is the biggest crisis that Juncheng Real Estate will face? "

The lawyers exchanged opinions with each other, and the leading lawyer gave a unified conclusion. "CEO Wei, if we give up on exonerating Director Wei, then we have two biggest crises. One is how long the court will delay before the final verdict. The other is how much responsibility the court will sentence Juncheng Real Estate to bear."

Wei Lan nodded. "Tell me the details."

The lawyer said softly, "Under normal circumstances, we have to repay all the bank loans from the end of this year to the first half of next year. If the court drags on for too long, and the properties haven't been unsealed in the first half of next year, we have to repay the money we owe the bank. Otherwise, the bank has the right to forcefully auction the properties. If we forcefully auction the properties, there won't be much left for our Juncheng Real Estate. After all, almost all of our assets are on these three properties. Unless we have a way to repay the bank, then the bank won't have the right to auction our properties."

Wei Lan said, "I understand this. In other words, as long as we can repay the bank loans, we can keep these three properties, right?"

The lawyer said, "In theory, yes, but we still have to see what responsibility Juncheng Real Estate has to bear if the court rules that Director Wei is guilty. According to past cases, the court doesn't have the right to seize and auction businesses that are involved in bribery, especially these kinds of large projects that easily cost billions. They can only roughly evaluate the scope of the illegal gains and then give a specific penalty standard. For the company, as long as we fulfill the court's judgment on Juncheng Real Estate, the company can get back the temporarily seized assets."

Wei Lan blurted out, "We have all the qualifications needed to develop those three properties, and it's all completely open and transparent. In this case, how will the court determine our illegal gains?"

The lawyer flipped through the previously organized information, thought for a moment, and said, "In this case, it's very difficult for the court to determine how much illegal gains Juncheng Real Estate has. According to experience, the court will generally set a rough ratio based on the amount of money involved in the crime of bribery as a fine for the business. This ratio is usually between three to five times the amount."

Wei Lan said, "Currently, the amount involved in the case is 20 million. Three to five times is 60 to 100 million, right?"

The lawyer nodded. "It shouldn't exceed 100 million."

Wei Lan asked again, "If we have the money to repay the bank loan and pay the court's illegal gains fine, does that mean that Juncheng Real Estate can get out of this case?"

The lawyer said, "That's right. As a business, we paid the loan in time and paid the price we should pay. The court naturally has no reason to continue to freeze our assets. At that time, all of Juncheng Real Estate's real estate will be unfrozen. However, Director Wei's side is not very optimistic. She might not be able to return to Hua Xia through normal means in the future."

Wei Lan nodded and said indifferently, "That's not important."

For Wei Lan, she had already prepared for the worst. If the court prosecuted her father and convicted him, then her father would stay abroad forever and never come back. He was just a side branch of Wu Qinghai's case, so he shouldn't be on the national wanted list. Moreover, Hua Xia didn't have an extradition treaty with the United States, so his safety could at least be guaranteed. She believed that after all this, her father would be long disappointed and wouldn't be willing to come back. In this case, she could fight them to the end.