Chapter 587

In 2002, there weren't many airlines in Hua Xia, unlike many local airlines and private airlines that entered later on. However, whether it was now or in the future, the number one airline in Hua Xia would always be South China Airlines, which was headquartered in Yang Cheng. Because its logo was a kapok flower that looked like a cabbage, it was jokingly called Vegetable Airlines.

In the era before Li Mu's rebirth, South China Airlines' fleet was the largest in Asia and the fourth in the world. Whether it was the number of planes, the number of routes, or the carrying capacity, it was the leader in the country for ten thousand years.

Chen Ze said that someone in Lin Lin's family was a high-ranking executive in South China Airlines, and a very high-ranking one at that. Li Mu was immediately overjoyed. This was simply like someone giving him a pillow just as he was about to doze off.

Although there had been some unpleasantness between him and Lin Lin, Li Mu couldn't care so much at the moment. Not to mention that he and Lin Lin had already talked things out, even if they hadn't talked things out, he had to beg her to help him settle things when he came to apologize. A real man had to know when to yield and when to stand tall. This was nothing to him.

Li Mu immediately called Lin Lin. Lin Lin, who received Li Mu's call, was a little surprised. She didn't know why Li Mu, who hadn't contacted her for so long, would suddenly call her.

After answering the call, Lin Lin asked Li Mu with a somewhat teasing tone, "Why did Li Zong think of calling me?"

Li Mu said, "President Li something, I wanted to ask if you have time to treat you to a meal."

Lin Lin asked, "Why do you want to treat me to a meal out of the blue?"

Li Mu said, "I need your help with something."

Lin Lin said in annoyance, "Return me the money that Happy Farm cheated me of."

Li Mu asked her, "How did Happy Farm cheat you of your money?"

Lin Lin said, "I've already spent 70,000 to 80,000 yuan on Happy Farm. Can you imagine?

Is it really good to make so many strange things to seduce others to spend money all day long?

I've already spent half of my salary for the next six months! "

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. "Is this little bit of money a problem for you?"

Lin Lin said, "Why not?

I'm working so hard now, but I'm only earning 10,000 yuan a month. I can't compare to you, earning millions every minute. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Alright, I'll pay for all the money you spent on Happy Farm. What do you think?"

Lin Lin immediately said, "Okay, I'll send you my card number later. You can transfer it to my card. I'm not joking with you, I'm serious. I've been so poor recently!"

Li Mu said, "Okay, I'll call you tomorrow. When do you have time to eat together?"

Lin Lin said, "Hey, I'm worried about dinner right now. If you're really sincere, come and treat me to a meal."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "Sister, I just sat down at a restaurant with Old Chen and Jiaming. Why don't we meet up tomorrow?"

Before Lin Lin could say anything, Chen Ze said, "Ask her if she's willing to come."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then nodded and asked Lin Lin, "Why don't you come over now and we can eat together?

Anyway, we haven't ordered yet. We'll wait for you. "

"Okay."

Lin Lin agreed without hesitation and said, "I'm at Ocean International. Why don't you come and pick me up? I don't have a car."

Li Mu wanted to ask why she didn't have a car, but after thinking about it, he said, "Then wait for me. I'll come and pick you up."

With that, he hung up and said to Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming, "You two order first. I'll go and pick up that lady. Ocean International is quite far."

Chen Ze asked curiously, "She didn't drive?"

Li Mu said, "She said she didn't have a car."

Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming were surprised, but they didn't say much. They let Li Mu go and pick her up first. After Li Mu left, Hui Ka Ming teased, "Hey, Old Chen, is Lin Lin interested in Li Mu?"

Chen Ze asked him curiously, "Who told you that?"

Hui Ka Ming said, "It's quite obvious. She deliberately asked Li Mu to pick her up."

"Forget it," Chen Ze said, "You don't know Lin Lin. She definitely won't be interested in Li Mu."

Hui Ka Ming asked in surprise, "Why?"

Chen Ze snorted and said, "We're brothers. I'll tell you the truth. Lin Lin doesn't like men."

"Ah?" Hui Ka Ming's eyes widened. "She doesn't like men, but she likes women?"

Chen Ze nodded. "Otherwise, why did Fatty Wang's SugarClub insist on getting Lin Lin to join him?

No one in Yan Jing has as many beautiful women as she does. Whether they are normal women or gay women, as long as they are beautiful, they will play very well with her. "

Hui Ka Ming sighed. "Damn, really?"

Chen Ze rarely gossiped. He said, "I heard that Lin Lin brought a girl home some time ago and had sex with her. Her father happened to catch her and almost died of anger."

"F * ck …"

… …

Ocean International was a well-known high-end office building in Yan Jing. It was indeed a bit far from the place where Li Mu and the other two were eating. Although there was no traffic jam, Li Mu still drove for more than 20 minutes to get there.

When Li Mu picked up Lin Lin, she was standing by the side of the road. She was wearing a formal office lady suit, which looked quite seductive. However, she was holding a lady's cigarette in her hand, which destroyed half of the feeling that made people fantasize.

Li Mu stopped the car in front of Lin Lin. As soon as he rolled down the window, Lin Lin opened the door and sat in. She reached out to the window and flicked the ash off the cigarette. She asked Li Mu, "Is it okay to smoke in your car?"

Li Mu said, "Up to you. Smoke all you want. Buckle up."

"Okay."

Lin Lin buckled the seat belt and didn't forget to take another puff of the cigarette. Then she threw the butt out of the car and sighed in the seat. "It's good to have a car."

Li Mu asked her awkwardly, "Where's your car?

Is it not fixed yet? "

"Don't make me angry."

Lin Lin said, "It was fixed a long time ago, but it was confiscated by my family. I'm miserable now. My bank cards have been taken away and my credit cards have been frozen. I'm so poor that I have to travel so far to work every day."

Li Mu asked her, "What happened?"

Lin Lin said, "I had a quarrel with my family. It was quite serious. You don't know how hard my life is every day. It hurts to take a taxi."

Li Mu asked, "What's the reason?"

Lin Lin said angrily, "Don't ask."

Li Mu nodded and didn't ask anymore. Instead, he said, "You have so many friends. Who can't solve a million yuan problem for you?"

Lin Lin curled her lips and said, "I don't want to borrow money from others. It's embarrassing."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll transfer some to you."

"No."

Lin Lin said, "What you said is the same. I'm just holding back my anger. I don't want to borrow anyone's money."

Li Mu said, "Then why don't you look for Fatty Wang? You have shares in SugarClub. You can ask him to give you some dividends in advance."

Lin Lin's face darkened and she said, "I've already put more than a million yuan in SugarClub's account."

"Damn …" Li Mu said in surprise, "Do you treat SugarClub as your home?

How can you have so many accounts? "

Lin Lin said, "For fun. I used to go every other day. Every time I went, there would be more than a dozen people. Each time I went, I spent tens of thousands. If I don't go, a few of my friends will also put it in my account."

Li Mu was convinced and nodded, "You're still the one who plays so freely."

Lin Lin rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "I wasn't joking with you on the phone just now. You have to refund me all the money I spent on Happy Farm. I'm going to regret it."

Li Mu said, "Okay, how much did you spend? I'll double it back to you."

"No."

Lin Lin said, "I have points in my Happy Farm account. One point is one dollar. You can just report to me how much I spend. Just treat it as me being unreasonable and bear with it. I'm really about to die from poverty."

Li Mu nodded, "Okay, I'll do as you say."

Lin Lin nodded and then asked Li Mu, "Oh right, you said that you need my help. What is it?"

Li Mu didn't hesitate and said directly, "I heard from Old Chen that your family has connections with South China Airlines. I want to do logistics recently and need some airline cargo resources, so I need your help."

Lin Lin nodded and didn't hide anything. She said directly, "My aunt is the deputy general manager of South China Airlines. If you need, I can help you ask."

With Lin Lin's words, Li Mu was relieved and said, "Then I'll thank you in advance."

On the way back, Li Mu didn't talk about logistics with Lin Lin, nor did he ask her why she had a conflict with her family. The two chatted casually for a while. Chen Ze called to ask Li Mu how long it would take. Li Mu said about 20 minutes, so Chen Ze ordered the dishes first.

When Li Mu and Lin Lin arrived at the restaurant, the dishes were only half served. Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming smiled and greeted Lin Lin as soon as they saw her. Although Lin Lin responded with a smile, there was always a hint of disappointment between her eyebrows. Chen Ze asked her curiously, "I haven't heard from you recently. What are you busy with?"

Lin Lin said, "I'm at work. My dad thinks that I don't do my job all day long and forces me to work at the family company. It's so annoying."

Chen Ze said, "Who told you to not do your job all day long? If you had found something to do earlier, you wouldn't have had to deal with all this."

Chen Ze had some understanding of Lin Lin's situation. He knew that she spent all day long with the second-generation girls in Yanjing, partying, and shopping abroad. When she got home, she would play computer games and surf the Internet. Her family had long had a problem with her, but they just spoiled her. In the end, Lin Lin accidentally exposed her sexual orientation and angered her traditional father half to death. It was already good enough that he didn't lock her up at home and ground her.

Lin Lin didn't know that Chen Ze already knew about her, so she followed his words and said, "Even if I found something to do, it would probably be a losing business. I don't have any business acumen. You see, you pulled me to invest in SugarClub, but the money you made wasn't even enough for me to spend there."

Chen Ze said, "Dufy is working at Wan Ying now. She's busy with the racetrack project. If you're interested, I can give you some shares of the racetrack."

Lin Lin hurriedly waved her hand and said, "I'm so poor right now. I don't have the money to do this. I should just go to work. After all, they give me 10,000 yuan a month as pocket money."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Then why don't you start a company?"

"What company?" Lin Lin was confused.

Chen Ze glanced at Li Mu and said, "Li Mu wants to do logistics. Why don't you go to Yang Cheng and buy a company and deal with the legal person and shares? Then you can contract the logistics of Huanan Airlines from your relatives."

Lin Lin curled her lips and said, "I don't know how to do that. If you let me do something like Happy Farm or Miracle MU, I might be able to do it …"

Chen Ze said, "It's very simple. You just have to make a shell and get the resources in your hands. South China Airlines' current cargo transport capacity must be consumed by itself and society. You register a company and nominally contract the entire cargo transport capacity, but you won't interfere with the part that South China Airlines consumes. You just have to control the part that society consumes."

Lin Lin looked at Chen Ze in a daze and asked, "And then?

How do I make money? "

Chen Ze pointed at Li Mu and said, "You can ask him how you want to make money. He has a lot of ideas."

Li Mu didn't say anything, but he agreed with Chen Ze's proposal very much. In this era, resources were equivalent to wealth. Those who had a little relationship would take the road of contracting. If Lin Lin could really take down this part of the resources, it would be very easy to make money. The demand for air freight would definitely increase. The extent to which airlines dug out the value of this kind of resources was very shallow. They were only responsible for the transportation. The real money-makers were the companies or individuals who dug up these resources deeply. Once the resources were in their hands, they would be able to integrate the profit space with a little integration. Even if they were not able to do that, they could directly open it to the public and become a middleman. The most important thing was that if Lin Lin could monopolize these resources, then he could have a deep cooperation with her. Moreover, this cooperation was exclusive. It was impossible for other express delivery companies to use these resources.

Li Mu told Lin Lin his idea. Lin Lin felt a headache coming on and said, "I don't have the time or energy to do these things. Just thinking about it gives me a headache."

Li Mu smiled, "I can find someone to help you. You don't have to worry about anything. Just wait in Beijing and collect the money."

Yang Cheng Airport was the base of South China Airlines, and it was also the core hub of the entire South China region. Almost every courier company would set up their logistics distribution center there. Therefore, once Liu Yidong started his logistics company, Yang Cheng would definitely be one of the first few logistics bases. When the time came, he could directly hand over the business that Lin Lin brought over to his logistics company and let Liu Yidong sort out the logistics model. This business would definitely be profitable.

Taking ten thousand steps back, if the profits weren't high enough, then it wouldn't be a problem for him to subsidize Lin Lin. The key was to get the resources in his hands. This way, if his logistics company needed to use these resources, then he would be able to get the resources back through this company. As long as he could obtain South China Airlines, then it would be equivalent to opening up all the air cargo routes in the country in one step.

Lin Lin thought about it carefully. This model was simple. Basically, she didn't have to do it herself. As long as she obtained the resources, Li Mu would help her manage the company and make money. She didn't have to worry about anything. Therefore, she agreed and said, "I'll try to communicate with my aunt. If she agrees, then we'll do it. If she doesn't, then there's nothing I can do."