Chapter 712

Long before Wei Lan arrived in Yan Jing, Xiao Chenfeng had already started to actively set up this trap for her. Today, he cooperated with Wang Runqing. Although Li Mu appeared in the middle of it, he still managed to get some results. From then on, Xiao Chenfeng had planned every step, until Wei Lan let down her guard and willingly entered the hotel room with him.

In the private rooms of the Food and Beverage Department, aside from the private rooms reserved by individual customers, Xiao Chenfeng had instructed his public relations department and Wang Runqing to reserve all the other private rooms. After making all these preparations and putting on a show, Xiao Chenfeng was finally able to fulfill his wish.

Xiao Chenfeng had made a lot of preparations for today. He had also thought of many possibilities in advance. When Wei Lan finally agreed to go to the hotel room to eat, in Xiao Chenfeng's eyes, Wei Lan was already at his mercy.

After that, Xiao Chenfeng did not rush to bring Wei Lan to the room. Instead, he looked for the person in charge of the F&B and asked her to bring the menu over.

Wei Lan had no appetite, so she left it to Xiao Chenfeng. Xiao Chenfeng ordered a bunch of French dishes and said, "And a bottle of red wine. I want the best you have here."

After saying that, Xiao Chenfeng did not even look at Wei Lan's expression and immediately changed his words. He waved his hand and said, "Never mind, I don't want the red wine. Discussing matters is more important. Give me some grape juice."

Wei Lan looked at Xiao Chenfeng with eyes full of gratitude. Her alcohol tolerance was average. Furthermore, she needed to be sober to discuss such an important matter. If Xiao Chenfeng insisted on drinking, she would not be able to reject him. Fortunately, Xiao Chenfeng acted like a gentleman.

In order to complete the show step by step, Xiao Chenfeng looked for the person in charge of the F&B department and asked him to bring the room card that he had prepared beforehand. Then, he brought the two of them to the 9th floor of the F&B department.

The person in charge of the F&B department accompanied them the entire way, greatly avoiding any awkwardness between the two of them. This was also a routine that Xiao Chenfeng had planned. Before entering the room, he gave Wei Lan the sense of security she needed.

The housekeeper personally opened the door for the two of them and handed the room card to Wei Lan. After that, he respectfully took his leave. Xiao Chenfeng stood at the door and made an inviting gesture to Wei Lan. Wei Lan did not think too much about it and nodded her head to express her thanks. After that, she walked in first. Xiao Chenfeng followed closely behind and gently closed the door.

This was indeed a luxurious suite, with an area of more than 150 square meters. It was luxuriously decorated, and the outer hall was very large. The connected open dining room was also very stylish.

Xiao Chenfeng turned on the central air conditioner and invited Wei Lan to sit on the European-style sofa in the outer hall. He introduced this five-star hotel to her, which had only been in use for less than half a year.

Wei Lan had been looking for an opportunity to talk to Xiao Chenfeng about the Juncheng Real Estate. However, Xiao Chenfeng kept talking about some of the new moves of the Urban Construction Corporation, making it difficult for her to lead the conversation. After talking for about ten minutes, there was a knock on the door. A few chefs and waiters pushed a cart filled with food into the room. They used the fastest speed to decorate the dining room and then placed the sumptuous dishes on the table.

Xiao Chenfeng warmly invited Wei Lan to eat. As if he could tell what Wei Lan was thinking, he purposely said to Wei Lan, "Let's eat first. We can talk about the important matters after the meal. I don't have any other plans tonight. I will accompany you to any time you want to talk."

Hearing this, Wei Lan relaxed slightly. As long as he gave her a chance to talk about the important matters, it would be fine. Although she did not have any appetite, out of courtesy, she had to insist first.

The dinner was very sumptuous. Furthermore, there were chefs and waiters serving them. However, Wei Lan did not eat too much. She only ate a little symbolically. Seeing that she ate very little, Xiao Chenfeng purposely increased his eating speed. He did not let Wei Lan wait for too long. He wiped his mouth with a hot towel and instructed the chefs and waiters to clear the table.

After the chefs and waiters left, Xiao Chenfeng returned to the sofa. He went straight to the point and said, "Wei Lan, you want to talk to me about the Juncheng Real Estate this time, right?"

Wei Lan did not expect Xiao Chenfeng to talk about the topic she wanted to talk about the most right after eating. She did not react for a moment. After a while, she hurriedly said, "Yes, Director Xiao. You also know that the Juncheng Real Estate is currently in some trouble …"

Xiao Chenfeng nodded and said with a smile, "Wei Lan, if you don't call me Director Xiao, I think we can talk more smoothly."

Wei Lan smiled a little awkwardly. She braced herself and said, "Alright, Chenfeng. I'll go back to the topic just now. Because the Juncheng Real Estate is currently involved in a corruption case, the three properties that we invested a lot of manpower and money to develop have all been seized by the court …"

Wei Lan explained the current problems that the Juncheng Real Estate was facing to Xiao Chenfeng in detail. Then, she took out a stack of documents from her bag and passed it to Xiao Chenfeng, saying, "This is the current assets and debts of the Juncheng Real Estate, as well as the detailed introduction of the three properties and the statistics of the increase of the surrounding property prices in the past half a year. You can roughly understand the overall assets of the Juncheng Real Estate after taking a look. Our biggest pressure now is on the bank. As for the properties themselves, the court's judgment will at most be based on the price of the land we bought in the beginning. According to the standard of similar cases, the fine will not exceed 20% of the original price. Therefore, as long as we can solve the problem of the bank, the majority of the assets of the Juncheng Real Estate can be preserved."

Xiao Chenfeng took the documents and flipped through them. Wei Lan continued, "If you can help the Juncheng Real Estate get through the current crisis, I am willing to take out 50% of the shares of the Juncheng Real Estate as a reward …"

Xiao Chenfeng said to Wei Lan with a sincere expression, "Wei Lan, to be honest, after I heard about the Juncheng Real Estate's predicament, I have always wanted to help you. Therefore, before you came looking for me, I already understood the current situation of the Juncheng Real Estate."

Wei Lan said gratefully, "Thank you so much. I was worried that your attitude towards the Juncheng Real Estate would be the same as the others …"

"How could that be?"

Xiao Chenfeng said seriously, "I really want to help you, but I've studied the situation of the Juncheng Real Estate. To be honest, I feel that the possibility of saving it is not high. Even if we can really save it, the cost of operating it is too high, especially for a real estate company. You must be very clear about the operating procedures of the real estate industry. Now is the golden period of the real estate industry. Take a hundred million to buy land, take a loan of two hundred million, and build a building with a market value of eight hundred million. You should know better than me how much profit can be made with a starting capital of one hundred million."

Wei Lan nodded her head with a serious expression. She was indeed very clear about the steps involved.

Xiao Chenfeng continued, "Normally, during the construction of the building worth eight hundred million, the funds have already been recouped from the pre-sale. After repaying the loan and paying the taxes, the remaining money will be immediately reinvested into the new real estate project to continue to increase the profit margin. You should know better than me how much money can be made with three billion. Therefore, to a real estate company, every cent of cash means a lot. The Urban Construction Corporation is such a big company, but the amount of cash that can be used freely is not more than five hundred million. The remaining funds are used for special purposes, either for the follow-up project, for the loan that is due to be repaid to the bank, or for the bid for the next piece of land. Under such a situation, I really want to help you, but the price is too high. In comparison, the 50% shares of the Juncheng Real Estate is really not worth it. Even if I agree, the board of directors will not agree."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and looked at Xiao Chenfeng. Her voice was filled with despair as she asked, "You mean that you can't help the Juncheng Real Estate?

Or are you not satisfied with the 50% shares?

We can still talk about this. "

To Wei Lan, even if she could only preserve twenty percent of the assets of the Juncheng Real Estate, it was better than losing it all. Therefore, if 80% could move him, then she would grit her teeth and agree.

Unexpectedly, Xiao Chenfeng smiled and said, "The problem of money is only one aspect. I know that the Lanke Corporation wants to take this opportunity to swallow you up. You also know the status of the Lanke Corporation in the industry. It is comparable to the Urban Construction Corporation. To be honest, although I don't get along with Wang Runqing, our fathers have a very close relationship. Tell me, if I tell my father to think of a way to help your Juncheng Real Estate through this crisis, how will he explain it to Wang Runqing's father?"

"This …" Wei Lan already felt despair in her heart. She felt that Xiao Chenfeng's words were basically rejecting her.

At this moment, Xiao Chenfeng changed the topic and said, "Actually, in the end, money is not a big problem. Face is also not a big problem. However, the key is that I can't handle this kind of thing. I need my father to do it. For him to do it, there must be a reason that can move him."

Wei Lan asked Xiao Chenfeng, "Then in your opinion, how can I make Chairman Xiao be willing to help?"

Xiao Chenfeng laughed and said, "My father only has me as his son. I'm almost thirty and still haven't found a girlfriend. He has always been anxious. I feel that if our two families can become in-laws, my father will be happy. No matter how big the trouble is, he will be willing to help."

Wei Lan's heart turned cold in an instant. She had always treated Xiao Chenfeng as her last hope. That was why she had placed all her hopes on him. However, when he said those words, Wei Lan instantly understood. So, Xiao Chenfeng's true target was her.

At this moment, Wei Lan understood that she could not get any real help from Xiao Chenfeng. This was because she could not agree to the "conditions" in his words. Although her family's business was in deep trouble, she still had a backbone and a way out. At most, she would give up everything and start over with her family in America. She could not betray herself.

Thus, Wei Lan, who had seen through Xiao Chenfeng's intentions, took the documents she brought from the coffee table and put them back into her bag. She stood up and said, "Chairman Xiao, I'm sorry. I thought too much. Thank you for your concern. I don't think Juncheng Real Estate needs any more help. I'll take my leave first."

Xiao Chenfeng did not expect Wei Lan to change her attitude so quickly. He had already spoken very tactfully. Why did she still have such a strong reaction?

Seeing that Wei Lan was about to leave, Xiao Chenfeng, who was afraid of losing everything, hurriedly stood up and explained, "Wei Lan, don't misunderstand. I don't mean anything else."

Wei Lan smiled slightly, "Chairman Xiao, I still have something to do. I'll take my leave first. Goodbye."

Xiao Chenfeng had put on an act for a whole day just to bring Wei Lan to his room. Moreover, he had already made up his mind. If he could deceive Wei Lan tonight, it would be best to take her away on the spot. If she did not take the bait, it was fine too. He would just f * cking use force!

In my territory, in my hotel, and in this room today, everything was registered under my name. You just had a private dinner with me here. If I use force on you here, even if you go to the police, I'm not afraid of you. At that time, not only would I do you for nothing, I would even get angry and sue you for seducing me on purpose and then falsely accusing me to force me to save your family's real estate company. The chain of evidence, the story, and the cause and effect of the incident were all in my favor. Even if it was reported to the media, I would still have the absolute advantage!

Because he had already planned everything out, how could Xiao Chenfeng just watch as Wei Lan turned to leave? Hence, he shot forward and grabbed Wei Lan's wrist, urging her to stay. "Wei Lan, it's so late. Where are you going?"

Wei Lan struggled and said angrily, "Where I go has nothing to do with you. Please let go!"

Xiao Chenfeng said calmly, "Wei Lan, why are you so stubborn?

If you really follow me, not to mention Juncheng Real Estate, I can even help you settle your father's matter!

Within three months, I will definitely let him return to China and continue managing Juncheng Real Estate! "

Regardless of whether Xiao Chenfeng's words were sincere or not, Wei Lan was not moved at all. Her tone became even stricter, "Chairman Xiao, please let go of me!

Otherwise, I'll … "

"Otherwise, you'll call the police, right?"

Xiao Chenfeng interrupted her. His expression immediately became incomparably gloomy. His wolf-like eyes stared at Wei Lan and clenched his teeth, "If you want to call the police, sure. After I'm done, I'll call 110 for you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Chenfeng fiercely pulled Wei Lan into his embrace. At this moment, Xiao Chenfeng had already completely torn off his disguise. If Plan A didn't work, he would immediately change to Plan B. Since it was all planned, he just had to follow the plan. Who was afraid of who?

In order to be absolutely safe today, this suite, as well as the five rooms on the opposite side, were all reserved internally. No one was staying in them. Even if Wei Lan screamed until her throat broke, no one would hear her. As the saying goes, we'll talk about it later!

With his own ability, what kind of waves could Wei Lan, who was at the end of her rope, cause?!

Wei Lan was very calm even though she was greatly shocked. Taking advantage of the moment when Xiao Chenfeng fiercely pulled her, she immediately raised her Chanel bag with both hands and suddenly smashed the bottom of the bag towards Xiao Chenfeng's face.

Xiao Chenfeng didn't expect Wei Lan's reaction to be so fast. The leather bag looked soft, but the bottom of the bag was very hard in order to be shaped. Before Xiao Chenfeng could clearly see what was flying towards him, he instantly felt a sharp pain on his face. Even his brain was ringing from this sudden attack.

Xiao Chenfeng howled in pain. What followed was a strong numbing sensation on the bridge of his nose. It was so painful that he subconsciously let go of Wei Lan, covered his face with both hands, bent down, and cursed, "F * ck your mother!"

Seeing this opportunity, Wei Lan did not hesitate at all. She turned around and fled. She quickly rushed to the door, opened the door, and fled in a panic …