Chapter 1588

Just as the youth training plan was being perfected, the BBC broadcast George McMillan's apology video to the world.

In the video, George McMillan, dressed in an ordinary suit, looked like a grandson.

He was reserved, stiff, nervous, and remorseful. He constantly confessed his stupidity and mistakes in front of the camera, repeatedly apologizing to the people of Hua Xia, and repeatedly explaining that he had not been disrespectful to Hua Xia. He had only not controlled his tone well, so he had accidentally released the wrong information. Therefore, he pleaded for the forgiveness of all the people of Hua Xia.

From the video alone, George McMillan's apology was very sincere, and there were almost no flaws.

However, Li Mu knew too well what this stupid bird was capable of. He did not have the shrewdness to put on such a show.

It seemed that he had a professional team behind him helping him draft the apology content, help him match his clothes, and help him design his expression and body language. Otherwise, given his temperament, it would be impossible for him to make such an impeccable apology video.

Li Mu also knew why George McMillan and the McMillan family behind him had invested so much energy in him.

From the situation of the Goldberg family, Li Mu understood that these old aristocrats and large families in Europe generally had the role of family leader. However, all family leaders would have a stronger voice and the right to allocate resources in the entire family. Therefore, the struggle for family leader continued in every generation.

George McMillan was being groomed as the next family leader, but he had caused such big trouble before he had even taken over. Not only had he offended Li Mu, but he had also offended all the people of Hua Xia. In such a passive situation, George McMillan was likely to lose his identity as family leader.

Therefore, he had to make up for his mistakes as much as possible. Li Mu might not buy his apology, but as long as it was sincere and the people of Hua Xia bought it, it would be enough.

Because he had seen through his motives, Li Mu was not prepared to let him go.

When the BBC broadcast the video of George McMillan apologizing on television, an article appeared on Twitter to clear George McMillan's name. The article even used the Internet Water Army from Hua Xia to post on Twitter in Chinese, saying that George McMillan's words were unintentional. He was not targeting the people of Hua Xia. He was simply a little angry about the incident, so he made inappropriate remarks. His apology was so sincere that it could be forgiven.

There were more and more such content, and the comments and feedback were becoming more and more positive. It seemed that this crisis public relations was on the way to success.

However, Li Mu took the time to use his Twitter account to post a third tweet related to this matter.

The content of the tweet was:

"In my opinion, George McMillan's apology is full of insincere lies!

Many days ago, when I attended a salon at the Goldberg family, I had a conflict with George McMillan. I even beat this stupid guy up because he insulted Hua Xia and the people of Hua Xia several times in front of me. The recording was the second time he insulted Hua Xia!

Therefore, in my eyes, George McMillan is an ignorant and incompetent racist, a piece of trash who lies even when apologizing. So, fuck-off! "

This Twitter caused George McMillan's public relations, which had begun to work, to instantly fall to the bottom.

In contrast, Li Mu's credibility was countless times higher than George McMillan's. As soon as he expressed his stance, all the netizens overwhelmingly supported Li Mu and condemned George McMillan.

The Hua Xia netizens, in particular, hated this rich kid to the bone.

George McMillan was immediately scolded on Twitter, and even the BBS where he had posted the apology video was greatly impacted.

The McMillan family, especially George's father, William McMillan, was almost desperate. Li Mu's stab at this time was basically to minimize the possibility of George becoming the leader of the McMillan family in the future. It seemed that he had achieved this goal with only one Twitter post!

…

That afternoon, Makino Technology released a full set of plans to carry out youth training with the Manchester City Football Club to the whole country.

The release of this plan caused a huge shock to the entire domestic football industry. At the same time, it also caused a huge sensation at the level of ordinary people.

From the youth training plan announced by Makino Technology, it could be seen that Makino Technology had completely paid for the youth training this time. The standards of this youth training were unprecedented in the country.

First of all, not only did Makino Technology not require the youth training students to pay a penny, but they even reimbursed the travel and accommodation expenses of the children and their parents for the audition. Of course, in order to prevent people from making up the numbers, the youth training audition would be graded by the system.

This set of scoring standards was directly based on the previous youth training assessment standards in Manchester.

The assessment was divided into ten items, with ten points for a total score of 100 points.

The ten items were: strength, stamina, speed, awareness, bouncing the ball, passing and receiving the ball, dribbling the ball over the bar, positioning the long kick, shooting, and heading the ball.

In the scoring system of 100 points, as long as the child could reach 40 points, the travel and accommodation expenses could be reimbursed. Those with less than 40 points would not be reimbursed.

Those with more than 40 points but less than 60 points would not pass the preliminary selection.

Those with more than 60 points would pass the preliminary selection and prepare for the second round of screening.

In the second round of screening, the top 1,000 people with the highest scores would prepare for the third round of screening.

In the third round of screening, the top 300 people with the highest scores would prepare for the final round of screening.

In the final round, the top 30 people with the highest scores would be selected from the 300 people. Makino Technology would handle visas for the final 30 people and arrange for them to go to the United Kingdom for training.

In addition to the fact that there was no registration fee for the audition, the students were not allowed to spend money, and even the travel and accommodation expenses were reimbursed, as long as the 1,000 youth training players could enter the third round, they would be rewarded with 5,000 yuan per person.

The 300 people who could enter the fourth round would be rewarded with 10000 yuan per person.

Once the final 30 people were selected, they would be rewarded with 20,000 US dollars. Not only would Makino Technology bear all the expenses, but it would also give them a frighteningly high "salary" every month.

Many professional players could not help but sigh. The treatment that Li Mu gave the youth training students exceeded the salary of 90% of the domestic A-League professional players. It was the standard of wealth.

A rough calculation showed that two batches of 60 youth training students a year, each with bonuses and subsidies, plus various other costs, would cost more than 100,000 US dollars. In this case, the annual cost would be nearly 10 million US dollars. In addition to the expenses needed for the audition, it was estimated that it would cost 15 to 18 million US dollars a year!

Moreover, in the plan announced by Makino Technology, there was one very important point: Makino Technology and the Manchester City Football Club would not require the youth training students to sign an agent contract.

In other words, Makino Technology would spend money and the Manchester City Football Club would contribute. The two sides would train a group of domestic youth football players together, but after the training, they would not restrict their professional freedom. They would not be bound by any conditions and could go to play for any team at will.

Almost all clubs' youth training was divided into two models, one at their own expense, and the other for free.

Needless to say, the self-funded model was to spend money to learn, which was no different from spending money to go to cram school.

As for free, generally, the club would bear all the costs, but the youth training students must sign an agreement with the club for several years, and some would even be tied up for longer. The reason was that they did not want the talent they had cultivated to be lost to other teams.

However, Li Mu did not care about this at all. What he wanted was to quickly cultivate a group of young people with potential for Hua Xia. It did not need to take too long. It would take three to five years at least, eight to nine years at most. Even if he only cultivated two or three excellent players for Hua Xia who could play as the main force in Europe's first-class clubs, it would greatly improve Hua Xia's football level.

Li Mu did not believe that there would not be a few good players among the 300 youth training spots in the next five years.

The entire youth training audition activities were arranged by Li Mu in Yanjing, and the specific time and place had not been set.

He asked the staff of Makino Technology to find a standard football stadium in Yanjing. The football stadium must meet several requirements, such as standard hardware, convenient transportation, and a large number of hotels around. Once they found a site that met the requirements, they would immediately sign an agreement and then start to work out a specific time plan.

At that time, the entire audition process would be completed by the staff of the Manchester City Club. Manchester City would send the youth team coach, fitness coach, assistant coach, team doctor and so on to Yanjing. From the audition to the final list, all the judgment rights would be handed over to the professionals of Manchester City, so as to avoid favoritism and fraud to the greatest extent.

What made Li Mu most gratified was that once the youth training plan was released, it immediately made the parents of young people in China look at football with new eyes.

In the past, they thought that there was no future for their children to play football, but now changes have appeared. Li Mu bought Manchester City and was ready to carry out youth training in China. He also gave such generous and attractive incentives. It was simply a move from the bottom to the peak in the minds of parents.

Countless parents began to be eager to try and even hoped that their children would start practicing football from now on. Because even if they were not selected this year, they would still have a chance next year, the year after that, and the year after that. Once selected, their children would not only have the opportunity to go abroad, but also have the opportunity to earn hundreds of thousands of yuan for their families and even change their fate. It did not matter even if they were not selected, because they did not even have to spend a penny.

Therefore, on the second day after Makino Technology released the youth training plan, a football fever was set off all over the country.

After class, there were obviously more children playing football. The football stadiums in the cities began to be overcrowded. The outdoor fields that were barely suitable for playing football were also occupied. Some parents even began to take their children everywhere to find basketball courts to practice positioning, long shots, and other basic skills.

Stores specializing in sporting goods ushered in the biggest wave of market since the beginning of the new century. In many places, the footballs, jerseys, and shoes in such stores were snapped up. Even the superior distributors could not get the goods. The production capacity of the manufacturers was also very limited. They still could not meet the market demand even if they were to produce at full capacity.