Chapter 1649

It didn't take a long time like "overnight" to ferment. Almost at the moment when the auction ended, the whole world knew that Li Mu's dog had earned Li Mu 26 million US dollars.

Most people were just amazed and felt that it was incredible. There were also a small number of people who were angry about how easily Li Mu made money. The mentality of hating the rich drove them to find ways to launch various personal attacks on Li Mu on the Internet.

Zhao Kang, who had been investing most of his energy in the Internet Water Army, soon found that there were people deliberately slandering Li Mu on the Internet. It was impossible to find out who was driving these people behind the scenes, but it was certain that many people with ulterior motives hoped to use this uproar of the auction to take advantage of some netizens' hatred of the rich to destroy Li Mu's public image.

He immediately told Li Mu about his discovery and even thought of a plan for Internet Water Army public relations for Li Mu. But Li Mu told him, "Don't intervene. Let the rumors fly for a while."

With Zhao Kang's understanding of Li Mu, he immediately knew that Li Mu must have a comprehensive plan. He must have a countermeasure for this discordant voice.

Therefore, no one asked about the development of negative public opinion on the Internet.

The people who slandered the momentum seized on the argument that Li Mu was "greedy for money" to continue to ferment, but Li Mu didn't care at all. In order to reward Li Gou, who had just earned 26 million US dollars, Li Mu deliberately gave him a few more biscuits. In the past, he only gave him four or five such snacks a day. Today, Li Mu simply fed him until his belly was round.

Li Gou, who had earned 26 million US dollars, had no idea how much credit he had made for Li Mu. Just because Li Mu fed him more delicious snacks, he excitedly ran around Li Mu and kept jumping around him, barking.

Li Mu found a tennis ball and took it to the yard to play for a while. When the little guy couldn't run anymore, he carried it back to the house and wiped its little paws clean.

Leaving Li Gou on the first floor, Li Mu went back to the bedroom upstairs. After taking a shower, he lay on the bed and opened his Weibo on his laptop.

At this time, there were tens of thousands of comments and reposts on his microblog in a short time. About 20% of them were criticizing him. Their opinions were nothing more than that he only cared about money. Li Mu ignored them.

He ignored all the comments and reposts, and wrote a new Weibo post in the input box.

He said, "I think the Internet industry has entered a new era tonight. This era, in my eyes, is called the era of self-media. In English, it can be called Me-Media. In this new era, media is no longer the exclusive term of any enterprise. On Weibo Titter, you can turn yourself into a new media. You can have your own audience and publish the content you want to publish. You, are a media."

"Of course, everyone will say that this has been the case since the day Weibo Titter was launched. Why did we only enter the era of self-media today?

The answer is very simple. Because before today, we have not found a considerable and stable channel to cash in. Any kind of entrepreneurial project, if there is no stable channel to cash in, cannot be called a qualified business model. I am very happy to announce here that Weibo Titter has found a considerable and stable channel to cash in. I believe that in the near future, there will be more and more self-media people who find their own value on the platform of Weibo Titter. "

After sending this Weibo post, Li Mu directly turned off his computer and fell asleep on his bed.

When he fell asleep, his remarks about self-media were spreading rapidly on the Internet.

People finally realized what kind of monster Weibo Titter was.

It was not a communication, social, or display platform. Its essence was actually a media platform. However, it was not a media. Its hundreds of millions of accounts were the real media, the self-media!

Not only could users create their own media here, publish their own content, but they could also use the influence of their own media to earn money. This healthy industry model had officially brought the Internet into the era of self-media in advance.

In this new era, as long as there was a self-media platform to provide the basic support, then everyone could become a media that received attention. Even a dog would not be a problem.

Li Gouzi's Weibo became popular overnight was the best proof of this new era.

Netizens did not need to focus their attention on a certain information portal. They could freely choose the point they wanted to focus on. It did not need to be a certain media, a certain big organization, or a certain big platform. They could focus on a person, or even a dog.

In the era of traditional media, this kind of thing was unimaginable. The cost of television media was extremely high, and it was impossible for an individual to set up their own television station. Not to mention television stations, even radio stations, newspapers, and magazines were difficult. There were very few individuals who could do it.

Now, everything was different.

Before Li Mu's Weibo post, only a small number of people smelled a huge business opportunity from Li Gouzi's Weibo auction. Unfortunately, their keen sense of smell did not play any role. After a few hours, Li Mu's Weibo completely announced their discovery, making more people aware of the business opportunity of self-media.

Therefore, on this night, countless people around the world rubbed their palms together, wanting to create their own self-media on Weibo Titter.

…

After a good night's sleep, he woke up the next morning feeling refreshed.

Today, he was going to the Forbidden City with Prince William to participate in the official cultural relic donation ceremony. The rehearsal yesterday was mainly to smooth out the rhythm of the donation ceremony and to let the Central Television make a set of detailed filming plans. If there were no accidents, everything would be done today.

After Li Mu changed into a formal suit and tidied himself up, Li Ziwei and the motorcade arrived at Ziyun Villa together.

Li Mu sat in the business car. According to the plan, the motorcade would first pick up Prince William, then head to the Forbidden City.

Prince William also dressed himself especially gentlemanly today. The suit that was custom-made in London was much more exquisite than the mass-produced suit that Li Mu was wearing.

As soon as he saw William, Li Mu realized that this guy was in an exceptionally good mood today. There was a smile on his face, and he walked with the wind. Li Mu could not help but ask him, "William, why are you so happy today?"

Without even thinking, William happily said, "I can go back to London tomorrow, of course I'm happy. After staying in Hua Xia for so long, I'm about to die of boredom."

It was only then that Li Mu realized that after being invited to Hua Xia for so many days, William must have been quite bored most of the time.

On the one hand, he did not have time to entertain him. On the other hand, this guy's popularity in the country was very high because of him, to the point that he would soon become an old friend of the people of Hua Xia. If such a person walked on the streets, he would definitely be recognized by many people. Therefore, as long as he went out, he would definitely be surrounded by three layers of bodyguards and staff. This did not include the undercover agents that Hua Xia had specially arranged for him.

Under such circumstances, William almost only had one choice, and that was to stay in the hotel all day.

Staying in the hotel all day was not a comfortable job. Therefore, William's greatest pleasure every day was to make international calls to his girlfriend, Kate, who was studying in Scotland.

When Kate heard that he was going back the next day, she deliberately found an excuse to take a week's leave from school. Today, she had already returned to London from Scotland. Although William was still in Hua Xia, his heart had already flown to London, and he was in perfect harmony with his girlfriend.

When Li Mu saw William's silly and happy expression, he knew that the English girl was very infatuated with him. He thought to himself, You're a prince, but you're being controlled by a white lotus. How can that be okay?

Looks like I have to make things difficult for you, or else you won't be able to escape her clutches in the future.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Li Ziwei in Mandarin, "Ziwei, give the Queen a call later. Tell her that William is too infatuated, and that we have to set up some insurmountable obstacles for him and his girlfriend. Tell her that I have two suggestions. First, when this guy returns to London, arrange countless things for him to do. Whether it's 3321, the media meeting, or other charity activities, we have to make this guy so busy that he doesn't even have a chance to catch his breath."

Li Ziwei glanced at William and said cautiously, "Li Zong, will it be okay for you to say it directly to his face?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "Don't worry, he doesn't have much of a foundation in Mandarin. He can only say things like 'Hello', 'Thank you', and 'I love Hua Xia'. He can't understand much of it. I think he can only hear the word 'London'."

Li Ziwei smiled and nodded. "Okay, then I'm relieved. I'll remember the first point. What about the second?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let the Queen think of a way to make arrangements. Isn't that girl in the same university as this guy in Scotland? Let that university be strict with the girl and make sure that she can't leave the university for a day unless it's a holiday."

Li Ziwei chuckled and said, "You're trying to break up a pair of lovebirds …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This isn't a love between lovebirds. It's a love between a pair of lovebirds and a goose."

William didn't understand what Li Mu was talking about to Li Ziwei, and he couldn't be bothered to know. He kept looking at the scenery outside the window, feeling particularly happy. He just wanted to end today's matter as soon as possible and return to London as soon as possible.

However, William didn't know that Li Mu had already dug a series of traps for him. Did he want to go back and flirt with his girlfriend?

Sorry, that didn't happen.

There was nothing that Li Mu couldn't do at the moment. In his opinion, with his comprehensive intervention from God's perspective, William and his girlfriend would definitely not be able to get married. As for William's relationship development, Li Mu had already made plans for him. He didn't care who William would be with after breaking up with Kate. He just wanted William to be Hua Xia's son-in-law. This was the best win-win situation for Hua Xia and England.

As for whether this matter was feasible or not, Li Mu felt that it was completely okay. Don't mention the bloodline and title of European nobility. Those were all superficial. Only benefits were the most practical!