Chapter 232

Both the drivers in the front car and the back car couldn't accept the traffic police's punishment.

The woman in the front car even clamored to complain about the traffic police's unfair law enforcement, which made the traffic police's face very ugly.

The female Porsche driver in the back car was also angry, but after secretly making a phone call and confirming that her friend was indeed fully responsible for the rear-end collision, she wisely stopped clamoring. However, her words were still full of anger. She asked the traffic police, "You first figure out what happened between us. If you say I'm fully responsible, then I admit it. What should I do next?"

The traffic police said, "I'll give you an accident liability certificate. If you have commercial insurance, inform the insurance company. Tomorrow, you two will go to the place designated by the insurance company to assess the damage. You will be responsible for all the repair costs of the car in front."

The female Porsche driver glared at Li Mu and said in an unfriendly tone, "This time I admit it. I don't want to see you again, nor do I want to have any contact with you in any form. Tell me, how much compensation can satisfy you? I'll give it to you directly."

Li Mu was also very annoyed. The two female drivers were rare weirdos. If he really wanted to talk with them about the follow-up, he would first assess the damage, then repair the car, and then negotiate the payment method. If the responsible party cooperated, everything would be easier. He could throw the car to the 4S shop for repair, and then inform the responsible party to pay for the repair. Then he could leave with the invoice. However, sometimes the responsible party did not cooperate, which was the most annoying thing. Some of them deliberately did not pay, deliberately let the car owner pay first, and then the car owner paid for the money, and then he asked the car owner to provide the repair invoice first. In short, all kinds of disgusting things could happen.

Communicating with these two women about these things would probably annoy him to death.

Li Mu's car was not seriously damaged. The rear bumper was surrounded by two headlights, and the front bumper was surrounded by one headlight. It should not cost much. He could just take his own insurance, which would save him a lot of trouble.

So Li Mu said to them, "Forget it, I don't need you to repair my car. You two can repair your own cars. In the future, you should practice driving more. Don't always come out to cheat people. I have something to do, so I have to go first."

The two female drivers put their hands on their waists at the same time, frowned and asked angrily, "What do you mean?"

Li Mu ignored them. The traffic policeman next to him asked, "Don't you want the accident liability certificate?"

Li Mu said, "I'll go by myself to be safe. I don't need it."

The traffic policeman nodded and looked at Li Mu sympathetically. "Alright, you can go first."

After that, he said to the female driver in front of him, "Move the car forward a little and let them go first."

The female driver sullenly got into the driver's seat, started the car, and drove a distance away. Li Mu directly threw away the broken encirclement, then got into the car, politely said something to the traffic police, waved his hand, and drove away.

Li Mu was also annoyed. It was not a big deal to encounter a small accident when he went out, but it was really bad luck to encounter a strange driver. He could only pray silently in his heart that he would not encounter such a strange driver in the future.

He drove to the front of the restaurant that Fatty Wang had booked. On both sides of the parking lot, there were a lot of luxury cars parked, including a rare Rolls-Royce. Then he looked at his GL8, a brand new car, but the front and rear bumpers were gone, and one of the lamp covers was broken. It was a little terrible to look at.

When Li Mu parked the car, he saw that there were already five people sitting in the private room. Not only Fatty Wang, Chen Ze, and the Xu brothers were there, but there was also a man sitting next to Fatty Wang, who Li Mu had never seen before. He looked to be in his early twenties.

As soon as Li Mu entered the door, Fatty Wang, Chen Ze, and the Xu brothers all stood up and applauded. Li Mu was shocked by this scene. At this time, Chen Ze said with a smile, "Li Mu, you are now really famous in these circles in Yanjing!"

Li Mu knew that he was referring to Tang Quan. He said helplessly, "To be honest, I'm really not interested in this kind of fame."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "Tang Quan is really unlucky. You were just received by the deputy mayor, and he dared to attack you at the National People's Congress. He is simply looking for death. This time, even Xu Jiahua is too lazy to care about him. I guess after he comes out, he can't stay in this circle anymore."

Li Mu nodded and sat down on the empty seat next to Chen Ze. Fatty Wang said, "Li Mu, let me introduce you first. This is my good friend, Du Yang."

As he said that, Fatty Wang patted the strange man next to him that Li Mu had met for the first time. The man also politely nodded to Li Mu.

Chen Ze said, "I also have a friend who is coming over, but she just called to say that something happened at home. She may be late. She asked us not to wait for her and eat first."

Fatty Wang smiled and said, "Brother Ze, the person you found to invest in our club is Lin Lin, right?"

Chen Ze nodded, "She likes these things. She heard that we want to open a club, and she also wants to invest in it so that we can have a fixed place to play in the future."

Fatty Wang nodded again and again, "It's really a great thing that Lin Lin is willing to do it together. Who doesn't know that Lin Lin knows the most beautiful women? She has a lot of beautiful women in her hands. In addition to the hardware, the most important soft power to open a club is that there must be more beautiful women. As long as there are more beautiful women, there will be more men. When men see more beautiful women, they will spend more money!"

Chen Ze said, "Lin Lin has seen a lot of the world. When the time comes, you can let her give more opinions on the club's planning and decoration. But Lin Lin is quite flamboyant, and she is a docile donkey. So you have to pay attention to the communication skills with her. Don't offend her."

Fatty Wang quickly said, "Don't worry, Brother Ze. I have long heard of Lin Lin's name."

Hui Ka Ming, who had been silent at the side, suddenly said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, I have something to ask you."

"Go ahead."

"I have my eyes on an internet project recently."

Hui Ka Ming said, "The other party is a company that does online hotel booking. They got an angel round half a year ago, and now they are looking for a series of financing. How big do you think the development of online hotel booking business is?"

Li Mu said casually, "It's quite big. Hotel booking is just a starting point. After we get the users, we can use this resource in the future to integrate ticketing and tourism. What's the name of the company you are interested in?"

"The company is called Xing You."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Actually, I also think that the market is quite big. But I don't see it as thoroughly as you do. I've never thought about how this business can be integrated in the future."

Li Mu didn't seem to have heard of this company in his memory. He guessed that this company probably didn't survive in his previous life. Thus, he kindly reminded him, "Of course this business has a lot of market space. But it's also like thousands of soldiers crossing a single-log bridge. In the end, only a few will survive. You'd better be careful when making your decision."

Hui Ka Ming sighed and said, "I really don't know much about the internet. I'm still lacking in foresight when it comes to investing in this area. If only you are willing to be my consultant."

When Hui Ka Ming brought up the past, he was thinking about Chen Ze's reminder. He didn't really need Li Mu's guidance. He just wanted to make use of this opportunity to give Li Mu some shares to tie the two of them together.

Once again, Li Mu politely declined the other party's good intentions and said, "Forget about being a consultant. I'm not that skilled, so I can only speak without thinking. Brother Ming, if you have any questions about this, just ask me directly. I'll do my best to answer them for you."

Hui Ka Ming thanked him. In his heart, he felt that Li Mu had been keeping a distance from him. If he was always so polite, it would be hard for him to improve their relationship.

In order to show that he was returning the favor, Xu Jiaming also said very seriously, "Li Mu, if you need any help in Yan Jing in the future, don't hesitate to ask me. I can help you find a way, whether it's on the business level or the government level."

Li Mu then asked, "Are you familiar with the banking system?"

Thinking that Alipay would be completed soon, Li Mu didn't start talking to the banks. To ensure that Alipay could be used normally, he had to make sure that all the major banks had a branch that could open an online payment service for him. This way, the most important part of Alipay would be completed. However, Li Mu didn't have the time to talk to the banks recently, so he asked if Hui Ka Ming had any channels and resources.

When Hui Ka Ming heard that Li Mu was asking about the banking system, he blurted out, "You want to get a loan?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I want to look for the general managers of the major banks in Beijing and talk to them to open an online payment service for one of my products."

Hui Ka Ming was surprised and asked, "Online payment service?

What are you going to do? "

Li Mu said, "I want to open an online payment channel on 3321. This way, the time and energy spent by the parents of 3321's students will be greatly reduced."

Xu Jiaming didn't know about online payment, but he had a very strong channel in the banking system, so he said to Li Mu, "I have a certain network in the four major banks of industry, agriculture, and construction. If you want to talk to them face to face, I can help you make an appointment. You can even make an appointment directly to my company, which will save you a lot of trouble."

Li Mu was delighted and immediately said, "Then I'll have to trouble you. If it's possible, please arrange it as soon as possible, Brother Ming."

Hui Ka Ming said casually, "We're all friends, this is nothing. I'll contact them tonight and try to arrange it tomorrow."

For something as important as the launch of Alipay, Li Mu wasn't afraid of owing Hui Ka Ming a favor. Therefore, he said, "It's best if I can meet with the four banks. Please help me arrange it as soon as possible."

Hui Ka Ming nodded seriously, "Don't worry, leave it to me. I'll give you a result in two days."

Li Mu believed that with Hui Ka Ming's reputation, it would be very easy for him to find a few bank presidents in Beijing to do something within their capabilities. He might even just need to inform them. For him, the most important thing for Alipay in the early stage was to establish connections with the banks. As long as he could get through this layer, Alipay would be able to be used normally. Once Alipay was launched, it could only be developed on the public welfare platform, 3321. But after he accumulated a certain number of Alipay users through 3321, he would be able to use Alipay for many things!

Just as Li Mu and Xu Jiaming were discussing the relationship between the banks, the door of the box was suddenly pushed open, and a beautiful girl with a gloomy face pushed the door open and walked in. Li Mu instinctively raised his head, and the moment he saw who it was, he almost stood up in shock.

She's really haunting me!