Chapter 731

Boss Ma's expression changed when he thought about the huge profit potential that Taobao would have in the future.

E-commerce had always been his favorite area of the Internet. When he was preparing to enter the B2C market, the emergence of Taobao stunned him. It also made him feel like there was a fishbone stuck in his throat.

He felt that he should have been the one to build Taobao. After all, he had been working in the B2B field for a long time, and he had made ample preparations in advance. However, in the blink of an eye, a twenty-year-old young man beat him to it.

It was as if everyone wanted to climb Mount Everest, which no one in the domestic e-commerce industry had ever reached. Boss Ma started building the base camp of Mount Everest from the foot of the mountain, and then climbed up bit by bit. Every step was firm and steady. Halfway up, he realized that a freak suddenly appeared beside him. The freak ran all the way past him and rushed all the way up. In the blink of an eye, the freak left him behind. What he hated was that his arms and legs were old. Even if he chased after the freak, there was no way he could keep up with the freak's pace.

Boss Ma also realized that Li Mu was going to create another miracle after midnight. He was going to make all the people and entrepreneurs in the country pay attention to him. Even though the Internet was not developed enough, Xiao Luo had already reached the pinnacle of e-commerce. Xiao Luo's many tricks and methods of operation were completely beyond Boss Ma's imagination. Boss Ma was shocked many times, and he admired and envied Xiao Luo.

He was afraid that Li Mu would take this opportunity to set up the banner of the new leader of the retail industry, and then from then on command all the manufacturers and dealers to submit to his banner.

But for him, stopping Li Mu now was as difficult as ascending to heaven.

Boss Ma's eyes were burning with desire. He raised his voice and said to everyone solemnly, "Today is the key to our survival. If Taobao becomes a god today, it will be extremely difficult for us to compete with it in the future. Even our own B2B business may be affected by Taobao. So, I want you to treat today as if it's the end of the world. From now on, we will do our best. If we win, we will be able to conquer the entire manufacturing and retail industry like Taobao. If we lose, we can only watch as Taobao becomes more successful!"

The dozen or so core employees in front of Boss Ma had been fanned by Boss Ma's words. They all expressed that they wanted to seize this last opportunity to compete with Taobao.

Boss Ma clapped his hands, then stretched out a finger and said, "Good!

I have two requests now. First, all of our express delivery companies will stop accepting deliveries nationwide in the next five days. We will only transport and deliver the deliveries we have on hand. Anyone who dares to violate this request, even if it's just one delivery, will be fired!

Not only can we not provide any help to Taobao's brand, but we also have to temporarily give up our market share so that these shares will be forced into the arms of the postal service and compete with Taobao in terms of transport capacity!

"Second, I have already solved the payment channel. Our future payment channel will be the same as Li Mu's Alipay. The process will not be any worse than Alipay. Moreover, our B2B platform has a large number of manufacturing companies, so we don't have to worry about the problem of introducing sellers. In addition, we have our own logistics system. When the time comes, we can provide customized services to our sellers and users. Everything is ready now. The only thing we need now is for the platform to go online as soon as possible. Letao must go online in the next half a month!

Zhao Xi, you are in charge of the development of the website. If it can't go online in half a month, you will resign! "

Lu Zhao Xi nodded and said solemnly, "Boss Ma, don't worry. Our Letao will be online in a week!"

Boss Ma nodded slightly and then said, "Third, what we lack the most now are users. Therefore, once our Letao goes online, we must invest a large amount of advertising resources into promotion. You must sort out all the advertising resources that can be bought on the internet and communicate with them in advance. Once there is a demand, we must spend a lot of advertising on the internet to attract users!

Chongxin, you will be in charge of this. "

Cai Chongxin immediately said, "No problem!"

Boss Ma was satisfied and his tone softened a little. He said, "The best situation now is that the logistics of Taobao's brand day will be chaotic or even paralyzed. We can't stop Taobao from creating a large number of orders in the next 24 hours, but we can block all their orders in their warehouses or the warehouses of their delivery companies. If Taobao becomes a laughing stock this time, we will take the opportunity to throw a sum of money at the national media and let the image of Taobao become deeply rooted in the minds of the consumers. When that time comes, we will bring our own delivery company to Letao and form a huge contrast with the laughing stock of Taobao!

Naturally, we will be able to win the favor of the consumers! "

Everyone agreed with Boss Ma's words. First, let everyone know the weaknesses of the opponent. Then, when they appeared, they would turn the weakness of the opponent into their strength and publicize it everywhere. This huge contrast would directly increase their position in the eyes of the consumers. Why was SF Express so popular?

Wasn't it because when the opponents generally only had the fastest time limit of three days, they launched services like next-day delivery and next-morning delivery?

Alibaba also had such an advantage now.

Boss Ma said, "If Taobao's brand produces ten million express parcels a day, the postal service alone won't be able to consume such a large volume in a short period of time. In addition, we will stop receiving parcels, and the transport capacity will be further divided. I think even if we give them ten days, they might not be able to transport so many goods. We will start to prepare a large number of public relations articles from the perspective of the media. The public relations articles will analyze the blind expansion of e-commerce and the lack of supporting facilities from the perspective of the media.

In addition, we can fabricate some short stories. For example, Ms. Liu, who is in Hangzhou, specially bought a recorder from Taobao so that her daughter, who is about to enter middle school in September, can learn English in advance. Unexpectedly, although the price is tens of yuan cheaper than the physical store, it took her half a month to get it. Ms. Liu angrily said that if she had known that it was so difficult to guarantee the timeliness of buying things from Taobao, she would definitely have bought it from the physical store. That way, it wouldn't affect her child's studies … "

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma took a sip of water and said with a smile, "If there is more negative news like this, it will add fuel to the fire. It will create an atmosphere in which the whole society is condemning and reflecting on whether the e-commerce model is really convenient and worth promoting. In this case, our Taobao will suddenly appear with its own logistics company. Compared to Taobao, which has been paralyzed by its own brand, the contrast will definitely be of great help to Taobao!"

…

Twelve o 'clock at night.

There was no panic buying wave, and Li Mu didn't hope to trigger a panic buying wave at this time. This was because the brand's main focus was pre-sales. Everyone didn't have to worry about not being able to get the goods after paying the deposit during the pre-sales. They also didn't have to wait in front of the computer until 12 o 'clock to place an order desperately. After 12 o' clock, the pre-order users gradually logged into the platform to make the final payment.

In the first hour, Alipay received a payment of 500 million yuan. About 25% of the pre-order users completed the final payment within this hour.

At the same time, there were also some users who placed orders for the brand's special products during this time. The transaction amount in the first hour was 76 million yuan. According to this speed, the new order turnover today should be able to exceed 300 million yuan.

Li Mu wasn't very surprised by this data, but every staff of Taobao website, including Liu Xiaodong, cheered excitedly.

Indeed, each of them was creating a miracle. Before today, e-commerce was an extremely small field in China. Most people had never tried online shopping, and most people who knew about online shopping were not interested in it. Before Taobao website, they were afraid of trouble and being cheated. But with Taobao website and Alipay's advance payment rule, they could finally try online shopping without worry. It just so happened that Taobao launched a brand's day. Every brand that participated in the brand's day gave discounts that other sales channels couldn't offer, which greatly boosted the netizens' desire to buy.

What Li Mu really cared about was the logistics link. Most of the products sold in the brand's day had been delivered in advance to Taobao's warehouses all over the country. Now orders began to be issued continuously. Every time a transaction was completed, the order would be automatically divided into regions according to the recipient's address. The warehouse in charge of the region would pack, print the order, and then sort and load it into the truck.

At three o 'clock in the morning, more than 20 transport vehicles purchased by Liu Xiaodong began to set off one after another. They pulled the sorted parcels from the major warehouse centers and headed to the provincial capital they were in charge of. They had to send all the goods in the vehicles to the designated city as soon as possible. After unloading the goods, they would rush back to the warehouse center as fast as possible and then send out the next batch of goods that had been sorted by the warehouse center. Without stopping, each vehicle had at least two drivers. In the next 48 hours, they wouldn't rest.

Boss Ma thought that Taobao and the postal service would be crippled or even killed by the tens of millions of parcels produced in a day. He also thought that if his logistics company stopped receiving parcels, it would directly bring more pressure to the postal service. He was waiting for a huge wave of negative news to brew for Taobao. However, he didn't expect that in the early hours of the morning, Taobao did not use any of the postal service's transportation capacity at all. Instead, they took the lead!

On this brand's day, except for the remote areas in the southwest and northwest, Li Mu would not use the postal service to do any inter-provincial transportation. All inter-provincial transportation would be done by his own fleet. All the postal service had to do was wait for their fleet to deliver the parcels from each province to the postal service's distribution center in the province. Then, they would immediately start the transportation and delivery within the province. This efficiency would far exceed the efficiency of the six warehouse centers and greatly exceed Boss Ma's imagination.