Chapter 245

Hearing the familiar voice, Li Mu turned around subconsciously. His father, Li Daoping, was sitting in the brand-new Passat, looking at Li Mu with a smile.

"Dad, why are you here?"

Li Mu blurted out. Then he realized that his father was sitting in the driver's seat. Could it be …

"Dad, is this your new car?"

Li Daoping nodded and said with a smile, "I just brought it up a few days ago, so I didn't tell you. I wanted to give you a surprise."

Only then did Li Mu understand why his father kept asking him where to park the bus. He told him that it was at the Haizhou Hotel, but he didn't expect that his father would drive to pick him up.

At this time, Zhao Kang also came over and greeted Papa Lee, "Uncle Li!"

Li Daoping responded quickly and said with a smile, "Get in the car, you two. Your family is waiting."

Li Mu laughed, opened the door of the passenger seat, and sat in. Zhao Kang also sat in the back seat.

The Passat Papa Lee's car was this year's new 1.8T automatic. Li Mu sat in and looked at the configuration. It should be a medium or high-end car. The car was very clean, and the leather seats were specially covered with cotton seat cushions. Papa Lee cautiously started the car, put the gear in gear, and drove steadily.

Li Mu asked him, "Dad, why did you buy this car?"

Papa Lee said with a face full of love, "When I was young, I knew that Santana was a good car, a big German brand. After I got my driver's license, I went to Jinling to look at cars. This car is more affordable, spacious, and stable, so I discussed it with your mother and decided to buy it."

Right now, the two specialty stores run by Father Li and Mother Li had a monthly net profit of more than half a million, and December was the most profitable season. From now until the Spring Festival, it wouldn't be a problem for them to make hundreds of thousands of yuan a month. Li Mu had weighed his parents' current financial resources and earning power, and thought it would be very easy for his father to buy a Mercedes-Benz or a BMW, but he didn't expect that he would actually buy a car, and that he would buy a Volkswagen without saying a word.

Li Mu was not a fan of Volkswagen. The Volkswagen Matryoshka design made it difficult for him to feel the beauty of a Volkswagen car. The only car that had ever amazed him was the Volkswagen CC, but later on, it became a mediocre car. Li Mu was even less interested in a Passat, a standard town government car. But it didn't matter, as long as his father liked it.

Zhao Kang sat in the back and looked around at the interior of the Passat. He thought to himself that he couldn't spend his money carelessly now. He had to invest in a taxi company for his father first. But now the ability to make money was very strong. After returning to Yan Jing and saving money for a few months, he would be able to buy a car for his father. He didn't have any pursuits in this life, but he wanted his son to be successful. Now that he had made a lot of money with Li Mu, it was time to repay him.

Li Ma had prepared a lot of fruits at home. She knew that Li Mu had eaten dinner on the plane, but the food on the plane wasn't delicious or nutritious. She wanted to wait for him to come back so he could eat some fruits, take a shower, and have a good sleep.

The bed had already been made for him. After basking in the sun for a day, the bedding was very comfortable. She knew that he was used to heating in the north. She was afraid that he couldn't stand the humidity and cold, so she had someone install three air conditioners in the house a few days ago. At this moment, she turned on two of them so that he could feel the warmth of home as soon as he entered the house.

Everything was ready. Li Ma sat on the sofa in the living room and waited to hear the sound of the engine. Her husband usually drove the car directly to the door of their house. There weren't many private cars in the neighborhood, so when she heard the sound of the engine, she could basically tell that it was her husband's car.

The sound of the engine finally came from afar and slowly came to the door. Li Ma pricked up her ears and listened to the sound of the car door opening and closing. She hurriedly came out of the living room and passed through the small courtyard to the door of the house.

As soon as she pushed the door open, Li Mu saw his mother rushing over. He chuckled and went up to her to give her a hug. He smiled like a child and said, "Mom, I'm back."

Li Ma was overjoyed. Although she hadn't been separated from her son for a long time, she had long missed him. She quickly pulled Li Mu into the house, afraid that he would freeze outside.

When Li Mu entered the house, he realized that the house was similar to the heating in the north. It was warm, unlike the winter in the past, when staying in the house for a long time would feel colder than outside.

Li Ma pulled Li Mu to sit down in front of the sofa and began to urge Li Mu to quickly eat some fruits. Papa Lee followed behind them. The couple sandwiched Li Mu between them and asked him about his recent studies and life.

Li Mu reported casually, "Studies are easy and life is comfortable."

His parents asked him if he was tired of working on 3321. Li Mu said that 3321 was already on the right track and he didn't care much about it anymore. It was all managed by others.

Papa Lee said with a serious expression, "3321 is a good project. Since you've decided to use it for public welfare, you have to stick to it until the end. First, you can't give up halfway. Second, you can't be greedy and embezzle the funds from 3321. If you need money, Mom and Dad will sponsor you."

Li Mu said, "There are only two uses for the money from 3321. Other than maintaining the operation of 3321, the rest of the money will be used to help students."

Papa Lee nodded. "If you need money on your side, remember to tell Mom and Dad."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment. He had also struggled with the question of whether he should tell his parents about the Makino Technology. Previously, he had given up on the idea in the end. However, now that he had even made a big move on 3321, it should be easier for his parents to accept if he revealed a little about the Makino Technology, right?

With this thought in mind, Li Mu went along with his parents and said, "You don't have to worry about whether or not I have money to spend in Yan Jing. Actually, other than starting 3321, I also started a company in Yan Jing."

Papa Lee and Li Ma were both surprised. "You started a company?

What does it do? "

"The Internet," Li Mu said. "Right now, the Internet is in the development stage. It's easier to enter."

Li Ma asked, "How can you have time to start a company when you're in school?

Don't delay your studies. "

Li Mu comforted her. "Don't worry, Mom. The pressure of studying in school isn't that heavy. I don't ask about the company every day."

Li Ma nodded, but still said with some worry, "Why don't you not start a company? In the future, Mom and Dad will hand over all the money earned from the shop to you. You will be responsible for looking after the money in the bank account. When you have enough money to buy a house, you can buy one and put it there. I have a feeling that the housing prices in Yan Jing will rise very quickly in the future. Buy more houses and store it.

Then you won't have to worry about it in the future. "Li Mu smiled slightly. His mother had always said that she wanted to buy a house in Yan Jing. Her vision was very accurate. But for him, hoarding houses was not challenging at all. Moreover, the price-performance ratio was not good. If he had the money to hoard houses, he could use it to invest. There would be so many successful Internet companies in the future.

However, Li Mu couldn't say this to his parents, so he said to them, "Right now, it is indeed a good opportunity to invest in real estate. Real estate in Yan Jing, real estate in Jinling, and retail houses are all good investment targets. But this kind of investment is still a little conservative. I think that now that the economy is going up, investing in real estate is a little disadvantageous."

As he spoke, Li Mu mentioned that he wanted his parents to invest in a taxi company. He first told the two National People's Congress about his and Zhao Kang's plans, and then added, "As for the taxi business, my main consideration is the problem of the qualification certificate in the future. It is impossible for the municipal government to let more and more taxis, and in the end, the streets will be full of taxis. So, at a certain point in time, they will definitely control it. Once the control is done, the threshold will be higher, and the taxi qualification certificate will be valuable."

Papa Lee said, "Investing in a taxi company is similar to hoarding houses, right?

While the house is appreciated, we can also collect rent every month. "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Dad's metaphor is very correct, but investing in taxis is more cost-effective than investing in real estate in all aspects. On the one hand, the ratio of rent to housing price is too ridiculous. A house of 100 square meters, about 200,000 yuan, with all the necessary appliances, can only be rented for a few hundred yuan a month. But a taxi only costs 50,000 to 60,000 yuan, and it won't be a problem to earn more than 2,000 yuan a month. Moreover, there is no cost for the qualification certificate now, and in the future, no matter how much it is sold, it will be a net profit."

Papa Lee and Li Ma exchanged glances. Papa Lee took the initiative to step back and said, "Wife, you are better at doing business than me. You decide."

Li Ma said with a smile, "If my son says it's good, then it's definitely good. Old Zhao and his wife are also down-to-earth people, I don't think there's any problem."

Papa Lee said, "If you think there's no problem, then there's no problem for me either."

…

In the living room of Zhao Kang's house.

Zhao Kang's parents stared dumbfoundedly at their son, who had just gone on and on about the concept of a taxi company. Father Zhao smoked a cigarette, but forgot about it halfway through. It wasn't until it burned his hand that he hurriedly flung it away, leaving ash all over the coffee table.

Mother Zhao hurriedly picked up the cigarette butt and threw it into the ashtray, then wiped the ash with a rag. At the same time, she looked at Zhao Kang and asked, "Was this Little Mu's idea or yours?"

Zhao Kang said, "Of course it was Little Mu's idea. I'm not as smart as he is."

Mother Zhao glanced at her husband and said, "Little Mu's business acumen is very good. Look at the two shops he opened for his parents, they make hundreds of thousands a month. Who would dare dream of making so much money?"

Father Zhao said, "It sounds reasonable, but I don't know what it will look like in practice. Also, how much will we get if we invest 40%?"

Zhao Kang said, "Dad, don't worry about the money. Li Mu said he would invest a million or so at most. I can still afford 40%."

Father and Mother Zhao were shocked when they heard this. "Where did you get so much money?!"

Zhao Kang said, "I earned it. Little Mu started a company and made hundreds of thousands before. He's also doing some other business now, and he earns at least tens of thousands a month. So dad, don't worry and do it boldly. As long as you do your best, I'm sure you'll have no problem."

Zhao Kang didn't dare say that he could make at least six figures a month from cheats. After all, cheats were a borderline thing, and it was better to keep a low profile. After returning to Yanjing, he had to hurry up and prepare to open an Internet cafe. Since Li Mu said he had to be cautious, he had to be cautious.