Chapter 623

After the deposit of more than three million yuan was paid by credit card, all that was left was to wait for the owner to transfer the ownership from Shanghai. In terms of the condition of the villa, after the transfer, he could move in with his luggage. It was simply perfect.

The villa, which cost a total of nearly thirty-four million yuan, was the largest expense that Li Mu had ever spent since his rebirth. However, for Li Mu, he didn't feel any pain at all. After leaving the real estate agency, he felt that it was good to be rich.

After buying the villa, Li Mu's pace of spending money suddenly increased. He bought two high-end apartments in the city, one in Zhongguancun, and the other near the National People's Congress. They were all new houses with renovations and home appliances that could be moved in, mainly for his convenience in the future.

Zhao Kang and Li Mu bought a house near the National People's Congress. The houses they bought were on the same floor. In the future, they would live closer, and naturally, they would be able to walk around more.

After settling the important matter of buying a house, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to help him make an appointment with Ding Zhenglin from Sequoia for a meal. Now, the whole investment circle was going crazy looking for Li Mu. Everyone couldn't understand why Li Mu said that he wanted to get financing for Series C, but he didn't want to meet anyone.

Was he making fun of everyone?

There was no reason. Who would be so free to play such a prank?

What's more, he was a billionaire, and every second was like gold.

However, they didn't expect that Li Mu, who was so precious, really played a prank on everyone. He had already thought about the rhythm of the whole thing. Now, he almost effortlessly got the information of the elites who were active in Hua Xia's investment circle. If he could deal with Ding Zhenglin, he would give him this list and let him continue to poach people. He would just treat it as forming his own team. If he couldn't deal with Ding Zhenglin, he would poach someone else and let him poach people with this list.

In short, Li Mu's idea was to pull out the radish and bring out the mud when it came to poaching people. There had to be some unexpected gains.

Ding Zhenglin didn't expect that Li Mu would really want to see him. After all, there were so many outstanding people in the investment circle waiting for Li Mu to summon them. If Li Mu judged him based on the size of his company and the qualifications of the people who contacted him, Ding Zhenglin wouldn't even rank in the top five.

The investment banking circle had always felt that if Liu Hong represented Goldman Sachs to talk to Li Mu about Series C, it would probably be the combination with the highest chance of success. After all, everyone knew that Liu Hong represented the huge family headed by her father. Even Goldman Sachs put the young Liu Hong in an important position because of Liu Hong's identity and background.

However, he didn't expect that he would get such a pleasant surprise instead, even though he didn't have much hope.

When Lin Qingya called him and explained the purpose of the call, Ding Zhenglin, who was in the middle of a morning meeting at the company, excitedly covered the microphone at the bottom of his phone. He couldn't help but exclaim, "This is great!"

His voice shocked the people in the conference room who were preparing for the meeting. Everyone looked at Ding Zhenglin, who said excitedly to the phone again, "Hello, Boss Lin. I'm free at any time today."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Well, our Li Zong wants to talk over dinner at about seven o 'clock. I'll text you the specific address later."

"Okay, okay!" Ding Zhenglin hurriedly said, "Thank you, Boss Lin."

As soon as the phone was hung up, Ding Zhenglin raised his head and found that everyone was staring at him with a puzzled face. He couldn't suppress the excitement in his heart and shouted, "Makino Technology has sent me a letter!

Li Mu asked me to have dinner with him to talk about financing! "

As soon as he finished speaking, the whole conference room burst into cheers.

During this time, the companies and senior managers in the investment banking circle were like concubines waiting for the emperor to change his mind. All they could think about was when they would receive a notice from Makino Technology to talk to them. Makino Technology was developing at an amazing speed, and the speed at which its capital doubled was unprecedented. Moreover, this time, Makino Technology announced that it would be financing 15-20%. Such a big cake was a perfect dream project for any venture capital firm. If they invested more than a billion dollars in it, with the development speed of Makino Technology, it could be listed in the United States in a year or two. At that time, the corresponding market value of more than a billion dollars would probably be equivalent to the same amount of US dollars. Whoever won this project would have extremely high KPI indicators. If they really won this project, the manager responsible for investing in this project would basically be able to eat for the rest of his life.

Ding Zhenglin and his colleagues were very clear that if they won this project, once Makino Technology really got listed in the United States, Ding Zhenglin could get at least tens of millions of dollars in dividends and rewards. This project would also become a halo in his career. The more amazing Makino Technology was, the more amazing he would be. In this investment banking circle, as long as one said, "I was the one who negotiated Makino Technology's Series C", it would be enough to prove one's qualifications.

The CEO of Sequoia Hua Xia took the lead to applaud Ding Zhenglin. When the applause gradually stopped, he said, "Zhenglin, this time, you must do it in one go!

Take this opportunity to win Makino Technology! "

Ding Zhenglin nodded. "Don't worry, CEO Lan. I will do my best."

CEO Lan nodded slightly and said, "For Makino Technology's Series C valuation, you can start from 8 billion and go as high as 12 billion. Tell Li Mu that we only want the shares, not any voting rights or priority rights. Give all the voting rights to him!

In addition, for the money we invest in Series C, we can allow the original shareholders of Makino Technology to cash out up to 50%! "

Everyone present was stunned by CEO Lan's words. Regarding Makino Technology's Series C, everyone had already discussed it in a meeting. At that time, they had decided to start from 6 billion and stop at 10 billion. They could give the voting rights to Li Mu, but they could not give up the priority rights. This was because once they gave up the priority rights, they could only wait for the company to go public if they wanted to cash out. Why did they suddenly raise the starting price so much?

CEO Lan also saw the surprise in everyone's eyes and explained, "The headquarters has also paid attention to the situation of Makino Technology. Right now, Makino Technology's valuation is very high. During its Series B, it was financed at a market value of 800 million. Now, its revenue has increased by a lot, and the corresponding expenditure has also increased by a lot. However, the business itself has increased by a lot. You should have seen how big of a commotion the celebrity Tieba has been recently. Hundreds of celebrities are active on the Tieba regularly. This influence is really amazing, and the future development of YY is also immeasurable. So, at this time, if we want to ensure that we can win Series C of Makino Technology, then we must give a high premium and bet that it will become stronger in the future!"

As she said that, CEO Lan paused, then continued, "The intentions of the headquarters are very clear. Makino Technology's development model is very well recognized by Silicon Valley. If it accepts our investment, then we have absolute confidence in operating Makino Technology to go public on NASDAQ. As long as it goes public, we will definitely be able to make a lot of money and cash out."

The strength of an international investment bank was not only about money, but more importantly, they had ways. Generally speaking, as long as an international investment bank like Sequoia invested money in a company, out of consideration for the safety and return of the investment, they would definitely think of ways to help the invested company package, tell a story, find channels, and then cash out the investment with the next buyer. For a company like Makino Technology, which was developing extremely fast but did not rely on burning money and had cash flow, it was very reliable for them to have the confidence to help it go public on NASDAQ.

After saying that, everyone understood. Since the headquarters were optimistic about it, then there was nothing more to say. Even if they gave Makino Technology a valuation of 2 billion USD, as long as Makino Technology was willing to accept it, they would be willing to give it. This was because once they gave the money, they would definitely be able to earn back double after going public. If Makino Technology continued to be strong after going public, the company would continue to hold its shares. If they ever felt that there was a bottleneck, they could directly cash out on the secondary market and leave with a huge profit.

Ding Zhenglin was also full of confidence. With the support of the headquarters and such a high premium, he believed that Li Mu would definitely not refuse. Moreover, Series C allowed the shareholders of Makino Technology to cash out 50%. This was a huge discount. If it was under normal circumstances, at least 80% of this money would go into Makino Technology's account as operating funds. But now, as long as Li Mu nodded, if the final valuation was 12 billion USD and Sequoia accounted for 20%, then out of the 2.4 billion cash that Sequoia gave to Makino Technology, the current group of shareholders could get 1.2 billion USD into their own pockets!

With such a generous offer, who would reject it?

Just as Ding Zhenglin was getting excited and rubbing his palms together, CEO Lan added, "Zhenglin, I have to remind you in advance that the higher the final transaction price, the lower your KPI will be. If the deal is as high as 12 billion USD and there is still no deal, the headquarters may still consider increasing the price. But at that time, you will no longer be the one following the case. The headquarters will specially send someone to follow the case, so you must strive to complete it online."

Ding Zhenglin's expression turned serious and he said seriously, "I understand. Don't worry!

I will definitely not let you down! "

If Li Mu saw this scene in Sequoia, he would definitely sigh that this group of people were too engrossed in their roles. The smug Ding Zhenglin and his colleagues still did not know that even if they had a glib tongue and were full of confidence, it was impossible for them to complete the deal. Li Mu had once told Song Liang and Hui Ka Ming that Makino Technology would not raise funds before it was listed. He would not go back on his word on this, and the most important reason was that Makino Technology did not lack money at all.

Currently, Makino Technology was developing very well. Tieba was growing rapidly, YY and YY games were also growing rapidly. Celebrity Tieba had only just been launched, and its influence had not reached its peak yet. There was still a long way to go. The value-added income from YY and YY games continued to increase. Although the income from Happy Farm was slowly declining, the amount was still very considerable. Under such circumstances, he did not need a large sum of money to expand quickly, so the possibility of raising funds was zero.

Moreover, he still had a big product on hand that was about to be launched. Once this big product was launched, the valuation of Makino Technology would probably have to be recalculated.

Right now, he was busy with the launch of this big product. The YY portal had been completely developed, and he was now communicating with Wang Nan and the other core members of the portal network about the details of the launch.