Chapter 1754

Davidson wanted to mediate, but he didn't expect Li Mu to not give him any leeway as soon as he came up.

He said awkwardly, "Mr. Lee, please calm down. To be honest, this is the law of the market. The family forces behind Wall Street have too much hot money that has nowhere to go. They also control a large number of funds and banks. It can be said that half of the money in the United States is in their hands. When they see any industry that has room to operate, they will naturally rush in to make a sum of money. Not only the Internet, real estate, oil, communications, aviation, aerospace, and even foreign currencies, as long as there is a chance, they will take the opportunity to make a sum of money."

Li Mu grunted and said, "I know Wall Street's way of doing things. I can't control them if they eat other industries, but I can't control the Internet."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "I may not have the ability to confront them head-on, but I still have the ability to tell the truth and make investors more vigilant."

"Oh …" Davidson hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, why do you have to be so stiff with them?

In the future, Makino Technology will be listed on NASDAQ. Maintaining a friendly and peaceful relationship with them will also be of great benefit to you in the future. "

Li Mu sneered and said, "It doesn't matter. If the capitalists on Wall Street are too greedy, then I will go to Hong Kong to be listed. And if I go to Hong Kong to be listed, I will not easily come to the United States in the future, let alone have any cooperation with the local tyrants on Wall Street. It doesn't matter even if we become enemies in the future."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "Davidson, our previous intention of cooperation was based on the listing of Makino Technology in the United States. If I decide to give up the listing in the United States, our intention of cooperation will be invalid. At that time, I may not choose HSBC as the lead underwriter of Makino Technology's IPO. I can even tell you that I will not choose any underwriter who has relations with Wall Street. I, Li Mu, will do what I say!"

As soon as Li Mu said this, Davidson suddenly panicked.

At this stage, it was not any exchange that chose Makino Technology, but Makino Technology chose the exchange.

Makino Technology was like the God of Fortune in reality. Everyone wanted to invite it to their home.

With Makino Technology's current performance, it would not be a problem to be listed anywhere, and Hong Kong might not be worse than NASDAQ.

Makino Technology had always been in the profitable stage, and it was highly recognized by the market. If the IPO in the US could raise tens of billions of USD, then it could raise hundreds of billions of HKD in Hong Kong. To Makino Technology, it was the same.

There are two main considerations for companies to consider where to get listed.

First, who asked me to fight?

Second, who has better conditions.

For example, why do so many Hua Xia companies want to be listed on the US or Hong Kong stock market?

This is the problem in the first clause. There is a clear requirement for a listed company to be registered for more than three years and must be profitable for three consecutive years.

Most Internet companies played with creativity and smashed concepts. Therefore, they had been burning money from the day they started their business and had been in a state of loss. For example, Jingdong had been losing money for many years. This situation did not meet the conditions for a domestic listing.

In comparison, the threshold for listing on the US and Hong Kong stock markets is lower and more suitable for Internet companies.

As for the second clause, when the first clause is met, it will be the real standard.

Alibaba had wanted to be listed in Hong Kong, but Hong Kong does not allow the same shares to have different rights. Alibaba wanted to implement the partnership system, which means the partners' rights on the board of directors will not be affected by the number of shares they own.

But Hong Kong did not agree to Alibaba's request. So, Alibaba switched to the US stock market and set a record of 21.8 billion USD.

If Hong Kong had agreed to Alibaba's request, Alibaba would have been listed in Hong Kong, and Nasdaq will not be involved.

To Li Mu, it does not matter if the same shares have the same rights or the same shares have different rights, or the partnership system. This is because he is the controlling shareholder. His shares are more than 70%, and his voting rights are 100%. Even if Alibaba gets listed, it will not affect his control over the company.

That's why Li Mu can do it when he says he does not want to work with Wall Street capitalists and switch to Hong Kong.

Firstly, he does not need Wall Street capitalists to make him rich. Secondly, he does not need Wall Street capitalists to lend him money. Why should he care about them?

In other words, the ones who really need Li Mu are those Wall Street capitalists.

If Li Mu went public in the United States, assuming that the market value agreed with the lead underwriter was 400 billion dollars, and Li Mu decided to take out 8% of the shares as tradable shares, then before the official listing, he would have to give the entire Wall Street a large order of 32 billion dollars through Davison.

For a company with excellent performance and promising prospects like Muye Technology, the 32 billion US dollars of shares issued in the IPO stage was simply a money-making machine.

Whoever owns this batch of shares will be rich, and the company can easily reach 64 billion on the first day of listing.

If they did well, like Google, the shares that Muye Technology sold to them for 32 billion USD could rise to 100 billion USD on the first day of the IPO.

The profits behind this will be enough to drive Wall Street crazy.

If Nasdaq loses this benefit to Hong Kong, those Wall Street tycoons will regret it.

Hong Kong had missed out on Alibaba and regretted for many years. But Alibaba cannot be compared to Makino Technology.

That's why if Makino Technology leaves Nasdaq and goes to Hong Kong, Wall Street will suffer a huge setback.

Also, if Li Mu decides to go public in Hong Kong, he will immediately invest in Hong Kong's securities industry. At the same time, he will set up an investment fund in Hong Kong and use Hong Kong to invest in Internet companies all over the world. After that, he will use his gravitational pull to get all the companies he invests in listed in Hong Kong.

If Feng Yu really does this, Nasdaq will lose a large number of Internet companies.

If Li Mu goes all out, Wall Street will miss out on the huge profits of the Internet.

When Davison heard that Li Mu wants to go public in Hong Kong and even wants to change the lead underwriter, he panicked.

Recently, he has been living a comfortable life. In the entire Jewish business circle, his status and voice are getting higher and higher. This is because he has reached a preliminary agreement with Li Mu. Li Mu's IPO will be distributed to countless waiting investors through him.

If Li Mu suddenly left and said goodbye to him at this time, he would fall miserably as high as he was praised.

Hence, he hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, please don't be too angry. The people on Wall Street are just like you said, a bunch of local tyrants and evil gentry. They are used to being arrogant and despotic. They are greedy for money and want to earn anything. Please don't lower yourself to their level."

Almost instantly, Davison betrayed his compatriots in the face of profits.

Li Mu snorted and said, "Help me pass a message to those local tyrants on Wall Street. The progress of Makino Technology's IPO will be delayed. It's no longer a matter of when to go public, but a matter of where to go public."

Davison's voice was almost pleading, "Li Zong, why do you have to lower yourself to their level … The cooperation between us is still very pleasant!"

Li Mu didn't buy it at all and said, "Dai Wensen, the fact that you called me proves that our previous cooperation wasn't pleasant. At least it's starting to be unpleasant now. You guys have your desire for benefits, and I also have my principles to pursue!"

After that, Li Mu directly hung up the phone and said to Li Ziwei, "Inform the crew to apply for a return route and take-off permit to Yanjing. The sooner the better!"

Li Ziwei nodded and immediately called the person in charge of the crew.

After explaining these things, Li Ziwei tentatively asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, if you offend the entire Wall Street, will there be any bad effects in the future?"

"Bad effects?"

Li Mu sneered and said, "They are the real capitalists. In front of them, interests are above everything else. If they can bring them profits, they can even ride on their necks and have diarrhea. If they can't bring them profits, it's useless even if they kneel down and beg them."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "Don't think too much of Wall Street. Only people who lack money think that Wall Street is great. Who really has money?"

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "I have long seen through the so-called" big shots "," families ", and" Old Money "on Wall Street. Every one of them looks old and powerful. Going back three to five generations, they were all famous tycoons in America. But now, they really don't have that powerful strength."

"Take Davison for example. He is the top in the Old Money family. All the assets of the entire family are in units of tens of billions of dollars. The cash that he can dispose of may not even be one billion dollars."

"The rest are either stocks, shares, or large assets and real estate. Many of them are even locked shares. For example, they may have 30% of the shares of a listed company, but this 30% of the shares cannot be traded in principle. It can only be used as a pledge."

"Moreover, such a huge family, just like the Ford family, has not practiced family planning for three to five generations. Now, there are hundreds and thousands of direct and collateral relatives waiting to be fed. If they really want to take out money to cause trouble, how much can they take out?"

"So, each and every one of them is not enough for me to look at."

When Li Ziwei heard this, she couldn't help but laugh and said, "So that's how it is. In the past, I always heard about this family and that family. They always say that they have a history of more than a hundred years. They make it seem like they are hermits."

Li Mu snorted and said, "They are hermits?

Look at Soros. He is so awesome in folklore. Do you know how much money he has? "

"Not really." Li Ziwei shook her head.

Li Mu said disdainfully, "On this year's Forbes list, his personal assets are only seven billion dollars."

"So little?" Li Ziwei was obviously a little surprised.