Chapter 739

In a high-end club on the outskirts of Shanghai, Li Mu and a group of people were drinking and chatting merrily.

Of course, they were happy to make money, but what was even more gratifying was the method of making money. A fund's idea was to mobilize three billion in cash to put out the fire. This was too powerful. If it were any other company, it would be extremely difficult to come up with three billion in cash, but Li Mu had done it in such a way. Not to mention the team members, even Li Mu himself was excited.

Chen Fang had contacted a company in Shanghai that specialized in business charter services in advance. Although domestic charter routes generally needed to be applied for one to three days in advance, as long as they were willing to pay more, there was nothing that couldn't be done. When the price was raised to 300,000 yuan, the other party immediately promised to arrange for the best Challenger 604 business jet to take off tomorrow afternoon from 11 am to 5 pm.

Since it was a high-end customized service, there was nothing that couldn't be solved with money.

While Li Mu and others were drinking to celebrate the revitalization of Juncheng Real Estate, the entire industry around Li Mu's "Hand of God" became more and more heated.

The Lanke Group held an emergency meeting to discuss the next step in dealing with Juncheng Real Estate, but there was no practical conclusion from the afternoon to the evening. This was because Juncheng Real Estate had now become 100% owned by Wanying Real Estate, and three billion in cash had been thrown into the bank. The only thing Wang Runqing and Lanke Real Estate could grab at the moment was that Juncheng Real Estate was involved in the corruption case. However, the corruption case mainly involved Wei Jun's suspicion of bribery. It was impossible to use the public prosecution and law to deal a devastating blow to Juncheng Real Estate.

The only thing they could do was to delay it. But the Lanke Group also didn't want to help Li Mu cover the market, so the Juncheng Real Estate suddenly became a hot potato. They couldn't swallow it, but they were unwilling to throw it away immediately. Instead, they had to endure the torment of the hot potato.

Compared to Wang Runqing's anger, after Song Zhilei heard the news, he almost wanted to eat Li Mu alive. He knew that he had been played by Li Mu, and even by Li Mu and Wei Lan. Thinking back to how he begged Wei Lan and took the initiative to sell all the shares of Juncheng Real Estate for 20 million, Song Zhilei felt that his whole spirit was on the verge of collapse. He had worked hard for half his life, but in the end, he was cheated. This feeling was much more painful than death.

Song Zhilei's wife also broke down. Previously, she thought that they could at least get back 20 million and get rid of the burden that was Juncheng Real Estate. Then, they could breathe a sigh of relief and find an opportunity to start all over again. She didn't expect that Li Mu would actually revitalize Juncheng Real Estate in just a few days. However, Juncheng Real Estate was revitalized, but they had nothing to do with it. It was obvious that they had been cheated of most of their assets. How could she not break down?

Song Zhilei's wife subconsciously wanted to call Wei Lan and scold her. She also swore that she wouldn't let her off easily, but Song Zhilei stopped her. After forcing himself to calm down, he felt that he had completely lost power in this matter. The contract had been signed, the ownership had changed, and he was now only worth a few tens of millions. How could he fight with someone like Li Mu, who was worth tens of billions?

The only thing he could do was endure. A gentleman's revenge was never too late even after ten years. Sooner or later, he would seize the opportunity to f * cking kill Li Mu and Wei Lan.

…

Zhao Ziqiu's father, Zhao Xianliang, who was in Hangzhou, had been looking for Yu Hu for the past two days. However, every time he asked him, his reply was that he didn't find any substantial evidence of Li Mu and Wei Lan. He also didn't investigate his relationship with other women. This made Zhao Xianliang a little surprised. He even had some doubts about Yu Hu's ability. He was worried that Li Mu hid it too well for Yu Hu to find anything.

However, after thinking about it carefully, he didn't have anyone else in Beijing who could be used to investigate Li Mu. At least, Yu Hu was one of the top private investigators in Beijing.

This evening, on the way home from the company, Zhao Xianliang specially called Yu Hu to urge him to find a way to dig deeper and see if he could find anything new.

When they got home, the family of three was eating delicious food made by the nanny at the dining table. Zhao Xianliang looked at his only daughter, who had grown up to be slim and graceful. His heart ached. Although they hadn't found any substantial evidence of Li Mu and Wei Lan, Li Mu's actions and the fact that Wei Lan lived in his villa in Beijing had confirmed one thing: there must be something wrong between Li Mu and Wei Lan.

Zhao Xianliang had such a piece of his heart. For him, he was particularly sensitive about Zhao Ziqiu's love affairs. Before he knew about Li Mu's wealth, he felt that Li Mu wasn't worthy of his daughter. After knowing about Li Mu's wealth, he felt that his daughter would be hurt by Li Mu. In fact, in other words, no matter who Zhao Ziqiu fell in love with, he wouldn't feel good in his heart.

As he sighed in his heart, Zhao Xianliang received a call from his secretary. After listening for a long time, Zhao Xianliang blurted out in surprise, "Is what you said true?"

After getting the confirmation from the other party, Zhao Xianliang's expression was particularly rich.

His wife, Xie Yun, and his daughter, Zhao Ziqiu, were sitting opposite him. Both of them saw the extremely changing expressions on Zhao Xianliang's face. One moment, he was surprised, the next moment, he was secretly happy, and the next moment, he sighed …

After Zhao Xianliang hung up the phone, Xie Yun couldn't help asking him, "What happened? You look so strange."

Zhao Ziqiu also said, "That's right, Dad. If there's anything fun, tell me about it."

Zhao Xianliang forced himself to calm down. He looked at Zhao Ziqiu and asked, "Have you contacted Li Mu recently?"

Zhao Ziqiu didn't know why her father suddenly asked about Li Mu. She replied cautiously, "We send messages and make phone calls occasionally. What's wrong?"

Zhao Xianliang asked again, "Do you know that he went to Shanghai?"

"I don't know." Zhao Ziqiu asked him in surprise, "When did it happen?"

"Today."

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said, "He told me that he was busy recently, so I didn't pester him with questions every day."

Xie Yun knew the inside story. She knew that Zhao Xianliang was investigating Li Mu and Wei Lan. She couldn't help asking him, "What's wrong?

Is there something wrong? "

Zhao Xianliang looked at the mother and daughter with a strange expression. After hesitating for a long time, he shook his head gently and said in a sour tone, "Li Mu is really amazing. People in the real estate industry now call him 'Hand of God'. Do you know why?"

Xie Yun shook her head and said, "Tell me quickly. Don't keep me guessing."

Zhao Ziqiu also put down her chopsticks and looked at Zhao Xianliang expectantly. She urged, "Dad, what did Li Mu do this time? Tell me quickly."

Zhao Xianliang sighed and said in a muffled voice, "This kid cooperated with fund companies, insurance companies, and banks in Yan Jing. He quietly issued a wealth management fund and raised three billion in cash in one day. He revitalized Juncheng Real Estate. Do you know how he played with the fund?"

Both mother and daughter were at a loss.

Zhao Xianliang scolded, "Damn, look at how cunning this kid is!

The funds he issued are all for three years, and the principal and interest will be repaid once it matures. He took three billion and used it for three years. In the end, the total cost is 560 million, which is a little lower than a normal commercial loan. The most important thing is that there is no collateral. He just needs to say something and sign a promise to cover the bottom line. Then it's done … "

Zhao Ziqiu was puzzled and didn't know what was going on. Xie Yun was so shocked that her eyes widened. After a long time, she came to her senses and blurted out, "In this case, doesn't Li Mu win for sure?

Now it's just a matter of how much he earns, right? "

“

Zhao Xianliang nodded with admiration. His wife was really talented in business. She could see the whole situation clearly by grasping the key point.

Xie Yun finally felt relieved about Li Mu's matter. She said in surprise, "In this case, Li Mu's 800 million was a smoke bomb deliberately released by him!

He deceived everyone, especially Lanke Real Estate and another shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate. "

"That's right …" Zhao Xianliang smacked his lips and said, "This kid is too smart. He set up a trap and kept everyone in the dark. If he didn't make a move, no one could guess what he was playing. I thought he did this for that, but I didn't expect that he actually wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to make a lot of money."

"Yes."

Xie Yun also agreed and said, "If Li Mu had this plan a long time ago, then the 800 million he promised Wei Lan was really not a lot."

"It's my bad judgment, and I was also fooled by him …" Zhao Xianliang sighed shyly, and then said, "Li Mu made a lot of money this time, but he was too ruthless. The other shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate has 20% of the shares, and the market value must be more than one billion. In the end, he was cheated by Li Mu and bought it for 20 million."

As he said this, Zhao Xianliang said, "I heard that Lanke Group is very popular, which is understandable. After all, people are sharpening the knife to boil water and waiting to kill a pig. In the end, the pig was led away by Li Mu."

Xie Yun couldn't help but worry. "Do you think Li Mu has made too many enemies?"

"Do you still need to ask?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "But it's inevitable to make enemies. There is only one fruit. If you pick it, you will naturally make enemies. Anyone who can make a lot of money in the business world has a large group of people who hate him to the bone. If you want to become a superior person, how can you be afraid of being criticized by thousands of people?"

Xie Yun nodded and said in agreement, "I believe in this child's strength. He will definitely be able to deal with the situation."

Zhao Ziqiu was puzzled and couldn't help asking her father, "Dad, what are you talking about with mom? Why can't I understand? What big things did Li Mu do again?"

Zhao Xianliang looked at his precious daughter and shook his head helplessly with a little shame.

Fortunately, he didn't act on impulse and immediately let his daughter leave Li Mu after hearing about Li Mu and Wei Lan. Otherwise, what Li Mu did today would be a slap in his face. Even so, he still felt that his face was burning. Sometimes, he really felt that the world was a bit inexplicable and even unreasonable. A 20-year-old young man stirred up something on the Internet. He couldn't see or touch it, and he was worth billions of yuan. How could he justify it?

What was worse today was that this 20-year-old young man grabbed a huge profit calculated in units of billions of yuan from the complex real estate market. Compared with him, he was ashamed.

Xie Yun saw her husband's mind. She smiled slightly and reminded him, "Don't forget that there is a big thing today."

"What?"

"Taobao Brand Day."

Zhao Xianliang suddenly reacted, and his heart seemed to be hit by a heavy hammer …