Chapter 1671

After hearing Li Mu's words, Roland looked at Li Mu, dumbfounded. He only wanted to ask Li Mu, "Are you trying to blackmail me?

Are you trying to blackmail me?! "

However, he didn't dare to say it in the end.

He had long guessed that Li Mu wouldn't let it go, but he didn't expect Li Mu to blackmail him.

He had asked him to stop discrediting Mars, but he avoided it. Instead, he talked about his charity project and said that there was a problem with the project's operation and that he needed a sum of money. Wasn't it obvious that he wanted to pay for it himself?

Project 3321 had always been operating well, and the whole world wanted to know about this charity project. How could there be a problem with its operation?

This model had long been verified by Li Mu and exported to the United States and Britain. Saying that there was a problem was an excuse. He really wanted money.

However, the cleverness of Li Mu's move was that in everything he said, not a single word was about asking Roland Masse for money.

Roland Mas was very depressed. Li Mu didn't ask him for money, but the whole sentence implied that he was asking him for money. Should he pretend to be confused, or should he consciously take the money on Mars and use it to get Li Mu's forgiveness?

In fact, in Roland's heart, he also wanted to take out the money to keep the peace. However, the problem was that Li Mu was asking for too much.

Ten to twenty million, or US dollars?

Seeing that Roland couldn't say anything for a long time, Li Mu waved his hand and said in a much colder tone, "Aiya, I'm really stupid. These things have nothing to do with Mr. Mars. How can I talk to you about this? Forget it."

As he said that, Li Mu didn't wait for Roland to react. He reached out and pulled the materials for Project 3321 out of his hand.

When Roland saw that the materials in his hand were gone, he came back to his senses and looked at Li Mu. When he saw Li Mu's expression of disdain, his heart skipped a beat.

At this time, Li Mu said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Mr. Mars. I just remembered that I have an important meeting later, so I can't chat with you any longer. I'll get my assistant to send you down."

"What …" Roland saw that Li Mu suddenly asked him to leave and panicked. He hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, you …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm really sorry. I forgot about this. There's a meeting about how to solve Project 3321 later, so I don't have time to chat with you. How about this, when you come to Hua Xia next time, I'll definitely have a good chat with you."

Roland looked at Li Mu dumbfounded. He really didn't expect this guy to change his attitude faster than flipping a book. Not only did he immediately ask him to leave, but he also didn't want to see him for the rest of his time in Hua Xia.

But he hadn't solved any of his demands yet!

He ran over to hold a press conference and apologized to Li Mu in front of the world. If he couldn't solve the most important problem, wouldn't it be a waste of time?

It didn't matter if he lost face. The key was that if he couldn't deal with Li Mu, he would be extremely passive in front of the board of directors. This was too f * cking embarrassing …

At this time, Li Mu had already stood up and made a gesture to send him off. When Roland saw this, he hurriedly got up and snatched the document from Li Mu's hand. He blurted out, "Mr. Li, it's just a matter of ten to twenty million US dollars. Why do you need to hold a special meeting to discuss it?

Why don't Mars bear this money? Just treat it as our donation to Project 3321! "

Li Mu shook his head with a serious face. He waved his hand and said, "How can we do that? Twenty million USD isn't a small sum. Although your Mars Corporation is a big company, money doesn't grow on trees …"

Roland looked at Li Mu with a complicated expression. There was a voice in his heart shouting, Didn't you say ten to twenty million?

How did it become twenty million now?

However, he didn't dare to say anything more at the moment. He could only grit his teeth and say, "Although twenty million is not a small amount, it's for education after all. This money is nothing. We'll pay for it!"

When Li Mu heard this, his expression finally eased a lot. He said to Roland with a smile, "Oh, Mr. Mars, I didn't expect you to be so generous. You've solved Project 3321's urgent need!"

Roland wanted to give Li Mu a smile, but a smile was uglier than crying. He suppressed his bleeding heart and said, "Mr. Lee, this is what I should do. We're all friends. We'll inevitably support each other in the future!"

Li Mu nodded and said with admiration, "Mr. Mars is really righteous. It's really a blessing for the American people to have an entrepreneur like you!"

Roland was a little embarrassed by Li Mu's praise. He could only sigh in his heart. There were so many outstanding entrepreneurs in the United States. How could he be called a blessing for the American people? On the other hand, Li Mu's change in attitude was so fast that he couldn't come back to his senses.

Li Mu continued, "Mr. Mars, before this, I had some prejudice against you. Only now do I realize that you're such an upright, kind, and generous pillar of the business world!"

Roland laughed and said, "Mr. Lee, you're flattering me. Twenty million US dollars is nothing to Mars, but about what we just talked about, I wonder if you …"

Li Mu hurriedly reached out and interrupted him. "Oh, Mr. Mars, don't be so modest!"

With that, he picked up the cordless phone on the coffee table and said to Roland, "Mr. Mars, wait a moment. I'll make a call."

Roland Mars hurriedly said, "Please."

Li Mu picked up the phone and dialed the internal number of Li Ziwei's office. After the call was connected, he immediately said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, come to my office."

"Okay."

Li Ziwei was next door. In the blink of an eye, she knocked on the door of Li Mu's office.

"Please come in."

Li Ziwei pushed the door open and walked to Li Mu. She asked in a low voice, "Li Zong, what can I do for you?"

Li Mu pointed to Roland Mars and said, "Ziwei, Mr. Mars just said that he wants to donate twenty million US dollars to 3321. This is really beyond my expectations. We must publicize it well. Quickly arrange for someone to release the news. We have to publicize Mr. Mars' generous donation!"

Li Ziwei immediately nodded and said, "Don't worry, I'll do it now."

With that, she turned to Roland Mars and bowed slightly. She said gratefully, "Mr. Mars, on behalf of the students in the mountain area, I thank you for your generosity!"

Roland Mars's face turned green. Who would have thought that he would be tricked by Li Mu? If he really released the news, he wouldn't have a chance to go back on his word. Li Mu's information dissemination ability was much stronger than his. If he went back on his word, Li Mu could tell the public that he had agreed to donate and then say that he had cheated. Wouldn't that be the end of him?

It seemed that he was going to suffer this loss …

Roland Mars felt helpless. After a few humble words, he brought up the old matter again and asked Li Mu cautiously, "Mr. Li, what do you think of what I just said to you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Since we're friends, we can't help each other. If you're in trouble, I definitely have to find a way to help."

Roland Mars was delighted. He thought that his twenty million US dollars had finally satisfied Li Mu and that Li Mu was finally going to solve his practical needs. However, he didn't expect Li Mu to change the topic and say helplessly, "However, I have too many things to worry about. I may not have the time to solve your problems for a while."

As he said that, Li Mu took out another thick document and handed it to Roland Mars. "Look, this is another charity project of mine called Undying Veterans. I don't know if you've heard of it."

Roland Mars really didn't want to take the document that Li Mu handed over, but Li Mu had already handed the document to his face. He had no choice but to take it. He could only reach out his trembling hand and take the document in his hand.

Li Mu didn't wait for him to open it and said directly, "It's like this. The Undying Veterans Foundation covers all the veterans who participated in the Second World War in Hua Xia. You also know that these veterans are heroes who have made great contributions to human peace. How can we treat their lives unfairly? Don't you think so?"

"I'll try …" Roland Mars already knew what was going to happen next. He couldn't help but wipe the fine beads of sweat on his forehead and tentatively asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I wonder what's the problem with your Undying Veterans Foundation?"

Li Mu sighed and said, "It's money!

What other problem could there be?

This money is really not enough. We've taken hundreds of millions of funds and raised a lot from the society, but it's still not enough to be used on so many veterans. Look, it's almost winter. Shouldn't we repair the homes of the veterans, buy some heating equipment, and winter clothes and quilts?

This is all money … "

At this point, Li Mu touched his forehead with a pained expression and sighed. "I've thought of many ways, but there's still a hole of more than 30 million dollars that can't be filled …"

"F * ck …" Roland Mars looked at Li Mu, dumbfounded, but Li Mu didn't blush at all. On the contrary, he sighed with a melancholy expression. "Sigh, where am I going to get 30 million dollars …"

Roland Mars finally understood that if he wanted to satisfy Li Mu, an apology was far from enough. Li Mu had already prepared the bill and was waiting for him to sign and pay. As long as he was the slightest bit disobedient, Li Mu would fall out with him.

But, 30 million dollars!

This was a huge sum of money!

Coupled with the previous 20 million, it would be half a billion …

Li Mu looked at Roland Mars' expression and sneered in his heart. Mars was like a scammer on the street looking for a luxury car to scam. When he saw me driving a Rolls-Royce, he wanted to scam me, thinking that I, a driver of a Rolls-Royce, wouldn't bother with you. But they didn't know that I wanted to extort money from them.

Do you think a Rolls-Royce can be casually scammed?

Don't you have to pay for it?