Chapter 1058

At this moment, Harvard was already crowded with people.

No one knew how the school had leaked the news, but when the students heard that Li Mu was about to arrive, they acted as if Hua Xia had won the Olympic bid. They could not stay indoors at all, so they swarmed out.

When the car approached Harvard University, Li Mu deliberately braced himself and prepared to pay a good visit to the world's first university with a history of more than 300 years. But to his surprise, as soon as the car drove into the gate of Harvard, Li Mu's car was surrounded by a swarm of students.

There was a classic line in Song Dandan's skit, "Red flags fluttering, sea of people". Today, Li Mu finally felt the corresponding scene of these eight words.

Outside the car, thousands of Harvard students surrounded the road and the car, so the car could only move forward at an extremely slow speed. On both sides of the car and in front of the students, there were a large number of red five-star red flags fluttering in the wind. Looking closely, almost all the Chinese and Chinese students were holding two red flags in their hands, and they were extremely excited.

Looking at the fanatical and excited faces of these Chinese students, Li Mu suddenly felt a little emotional. He finally understood what a national idol was. A so-called national idol did not necessarily have to be a star or how popular they were, but how much influence they had in the hearts of the people, or in other words, how much they meant to the people, or even the whole world.

Li Mu had seen the documentary about the Brazilian racing god Senna, "Forever the Racing God." At that time, Senna was a real national idol in Brazil. He won one victory after another in the F1 race. Why did the Brazilians love this racing driver so much? It was not just because of his fame, but because of all the efforts he had made for his country.

Senna would carry a Brazilian flag in almost every race. Once he won, he would definitely raise the Brazilian flag from the car and drive it to the world. At that time, the Brazilian society was in turmoil, and the people's lives were full of hardship. However, during those difficult times, there was a god-like racing driver who would wave the Brazilian flag in front of the world after every race he won. It could be said that he had greatly inspired the Brazilians in that era.

Apart from that, Sienna had done countless charity work for Brazil, helping a large number of Brazilian children and poor people, further gaining the support and admiration of the entire Brazil.

After Sienna died in a car accident, his funeral in Brazil was so grand that it shocked the world. Countless Brazilians cried in front of the cameras. One of the Brazilian women who was interviewed cried and said, "Brazilians need food, education, health, and a little joy, but this joy was taken away."

Sienna was the only joy and pride of the poor Brazilians of that era. He was the national idol of that era and the entire Brazil.

Li Mu knew that his influence was still a far cry from Sienna's in the past. However, he felt a sense of mission and pride as he looked at the Chinese youngsters waving the five-starred red flag. He didn't have the extravagant hope of becoming a national idol, but he hoped that he could make all the Chinese and Chinese feel proud and joyful.

To achieve this, what Li Mu needed to do was to let the world see more of himself, Hua Xia, and Hua Xia's development and success.

Since Li Mu's influence was too great at this stage, and he was at least a billionaire, the Massachusetts police and the FBI paid special attention to his trip to Harvard. No matter how enthusiastic the students were, there were police officers and plainclothes officers keeping them at a safe distance.

The car slowly drove to one of the academic buildings of Harvard University. It was said that Harvard's press conference hall was here, and all the media reporters had been waiting inside for a long time.

Li Mu also saw quite a number of media photographers following the vehicles. It was said that all the major media outlets were paying a lot of attention to this event. At the very least, they had arranged for two cameras, one outside the venue and one inside the venue. The major media outlets usually had three to four cameras. Central TV had sent a team of as many as 13 reporters from the United States. In addition to the four cameras and two anchors, there was also a broadcast van nearby to facilitate a quick live broadcast of the situation here to the country. This was also the kind of live connection that was often seen in news programs.

In front of the academic building, the police and plainclothes FBI officers had already separated a semicircle with a radius of about 30 meters, keeping the enthusiastic students outside the semicircle to ensure Li Mu's safety.

Before the car stopped, Lawrence, the president of Harvard, was already waiting there. As soon as Li Mu got out of the car, David Allen introduced him to Lawrence. The two of them shook hands warmly. The media kept taking pictures, and the separated students kept cheering excitedly.

Li Mu and Lawrence exchanged a few polite words, and then he heard Hua Xia and the Chinese students shouting his name in unison.

Li Mu hurriedly turned around and shouted to the separated students in Chinese, "Thank you!

Thank you! "

Then he bowed to the people in three different directions. Just as he was about to turn around and go in with Lawrence, Li Mu suddenly stopped, turned around, and walked quickly to the separated crowd.

As soon as he saw Li Mu walk quickly into the crowd, Wang Yuanlang, who was dressed in a suit, hurriedly followed. At the same time, he winked at his two subordinates, telling them to split up and follow him. Several plainclothes FBI officers originally wanted to follow Li Mu and stop him, but when they saw Wang Yuanlang beside him, the leader immediately winked at the others, telling them to continue acting as a human wall and not to stop Li Mu.

The leader of the FBI officers was a discerning person. At a glance, he could tell that Wang Yuanlang and the other two were Li Mu's bodyguards. Moreover, the three of them reacted very quickly, and it was obvious that they were not ordinary bodyguards. In this case, there was no need to stop Li Mu, otherwise, it might cause unnecessary misunderstandings.

Li Mu walked quickly, running straight to a Chinese girl who was blocked by the FBI officers.

…

Zhen Xiaoxiao was recognized as a goddess by all the Chinese students at Harvard. This Chinese girl who had immigrated to the United States with her parents at the age of twelve and lived in the United States for eight years was so popular among the Chinese students at Harvard that it made one's hair stand on end.

Zhen Xiaoxiao was exceptionally beautiful, extremely in line with the aesthetics of the East Asians. She was the kind of girl that the East Asians were unwilling to look away from when they saw her. Moreover, she was young, but had an exceptionally dignified temperament. Her comprehensive level in all aspects was several streets ahead of the popular milk tea girl in her previous life.

Although she was worshipped as a goddess by all the Chinese students at Harvard, Zhen Xiaoxiao herself was a downright super genius. She was one of the best seedlings in Harvard Law School.

Harvard Law School was the cradle of American lawyers and politicians. It had absorbed countless young talents and cultivated countless social elites. In such a competitive environment, Zhen Xiaoxiao was still able to be one of the best in the law school. This was indeed not something that ordinary people could do.

However, Zhen Xiaoxiao, who had always been calm and confident, at this moment, was full of nervousness and panic due to her lack of self-confidence and inferiority.

The reason why she had such a feeling was because the super male god in her heart, the super genius Li Mu, who had always been the center of attention in the Chinese world, had suddenly turned around and ran towards her when he was walking side by side with the dean into the academic affairs building …

Yes, he really ran towards her!

Zhen Xiaoxiao looked at the approaching Li Mu, and her heart was extremely nervous. Li Mu's eyes were looking at her, and there was a charming smile on his face, which made the little deer in Zhen Xiaoxiao's heart run even more violently.

Li Mu quickly walked in front of Zhen Xiaoxiao and stood a few feet away from her. He smiled at her, and just as he was about to speak, he saw that the beautiful girl in front of him had two red clouds floating on her cheeks. The girl's eyes were very evasive, but every time she looked away from his face, it would immediately be like a relay, quickly bouncing back. Then, the moment their eyes met, she would evade again, and so on.

Li Mu wanted to speak, but Zhen Xiaoxiao was like a relay, dodging back and forth, making it impossible for him to find a chance to speak. In the end, Li Mu had no choice but to reach out and take one of the two paper five-star red flags in her hands. He waved it in his hand and said to her, "Let me borrow it for a while, thanks!"

After saying that, Li Mu quickly turned around and ran back.

Harvard's headmaster, Lawrence, was still waiting for him, and Li Mu didn't want to waste any more time.

Zhen Xiaoxiao looked at Li Mu's back, and her heart suddenly felt empty. A kind of extreme disappointment floated in her heart. Only now did she understand that Li Mu ran in front of her not to hit on her, but to borrow her five-star red flag.

Thinking of this, Zhen Xiaoxiao's heart wasn't only disappointed, but also somewhat ashamed and wronged. She was ashamed because she thought too highly of herself, and wronged because she had never encountered such a thing in her life.

This couldn't be blamed on Zhen Xiaoxiao. Ever since she was thirteen or fourteen years old, she had a halo of being hit on. As long as an unfamiliar man approached with a smile, almost all of them would hit on her. Therefore, she instinctively thought of Li Mu as one of the people who wanted to hit on her.

However, at this moment, Zhen Xiaoxiao recovered her senses. He wasn't one of those men who wanted to hit on her, he was Li Mu!

He was the person that all the Chinese people were incomparably proud of, and the person that young people all over the world worshipped!

He was a super god in the Internet field, a super god who made clouds and rain with a flip of his hand. In less than two years, he had built a business that was worth tens of billions of dollars. She actually thought that he wanted to hit on her. She really didn't know her place.

At this moment, a Chinese girl with braces squeezed out from the crowd and said excitedly, "Xiaoxiao!

Li Mu just came over to talk to you! "