Chapter 1802

"Flying Tigers" was unanimously approved by everyone during the internal review.

Li Mu also felt that the complete version of the movie had exceeded his expectations.

He had to admit that Spielberg's ability to make movies was indeed very strong. The rhythm, camera, color, pictures, and even the lines were all handled impeccably.

Therefore, after watching the movie, Li Mu immediately decided to submit the movie to the SARFT for review through Makino Image.

At the same time, he invited more people to attend the internal viewing of the movie at Makino Technology.

Including some of his classmates at the National People's Congress, as well as Zhao Ziqiu, who was still studying at school.

The tearjerker effect of this movie was almost 100%. Whether it was men or women, they would be moved to tears during the process of watching the movie.

Of course, this also had a lot to do with the national pride in the hearts of the Hua Xia people.

It was the first time that they had seen such a superb blockbuster that reflected the people of their country's War of Resistance. It was made with such a large cast, and everyone had a strong sense of national pride.

The movie received unanimous praise from the internal viewing, and Li Mu also began to let Spielberg start preparing for the global release.

In the past, if a domestic movie wanted to be released worldwide, under normal circumstances, it would have to authorize the overseas copyright to an overseas distribution company.

For example, Hollywood's Harvey Weinstein often bought the copyright of domestic movies in Asia and then distributed them in North America and other markets.

The reason why they were distributed was that domestic film companies did not have distribution channels and resources overseas. For example, Zhang San developed a kind of chili sauce in China. It was already very difficult for him to set up the domestic distribution channels. Moreover, the team was all local and had never been in contact with overseas markets. Therefore, it was basically impossible for them to sell the chili sauce all over the world by themselves.

Therefore, they had to sacrifice a part of their profits and sell the overseas sales rights of their products to local companies or companies with international resources.

When we buy some imported food in China, as long as it enters the customs through formal channels, all of them require a domestic company responsible for the import and export. If it is a big company like Nestle, it may be Nestle Hua Xia Company, which imports from Nestle's overseas company to China and then sells it in China. But if it is a small company, it is usually authorized to a domestic trading company in a first-tier city.

The import and export of movies was similar to the import and export of commodities.

If they wanted to sell in the overseas market, they had to have local sales channels and sales places. Most Hua Xia Film and Television companies did not have any cinema resources overseas, so they had to cooperate with local distributors.

Li Mu himself did not have any overseas cinema chains, but fortunately, he had a mature online ticketing system, which had become an indispensable sales channel for overseas cinema chains. Therefore, it would be much more advantageous for him to negotiate with them about the distribution and screening of the film.

Moreover, he had the help of Spielberg, a big shot in the film industry. He had a lot of resources in his hands. If he helped him integrate them, he could basically cover most of the developed countries.

Before coming here, Spielberg had already made his own release plan. His goal was to get the film to be released in several important countries and regions on three continents, including Asia's Hua Xia, Japan and South Korea; Europe's four largest economies, Britain, France, Germany, and Italy; and America's Canada and the United States.

Apart from that, all the other countries were scheduled to screen it in the second and third batches.

The reason why there were different screening batches was mainly because it was difficult for the distribution team to deal with too many countries and regions at the same time. Moreover, some countries with a relatively small market size and were not very controllable as a whole would have the risk of copies being leaked.

Therefore, the smaller the market and the more difficult it was to control the country and region, the later the screening time.

Among the first batch of countries to be released, Li Mu was most concerned about the Japanese market.

In his opinion, this film must be released in Japan. However, it could be foreseen that this film would definitely meet a certain degree of resistance when it was released in Japan.

He was worried that this film, which described objective historical facts, would be interfered with by the Japanese right-wing and the big conglomerates.

Many of the big conglomerates in Japan were inextricably linked to World War II. Some of them were arms suppliers in the past, and some of the ancestors of the conglomerates had close relations with the government and the military during World War II.

It was also this group of people who had been behind the scenes with money and effort, trying their best to distort history and whitewash the stains.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Spielberg to register a distribution company in Japan as soon as possible to sign an agreement with the Japanese cinema chain about the screening of this film as soon as possible.

In order to ensure that there were enough screenings, Li Mu was willing to sacrifice part of the box office share and use more share subsidies to attract the boss of the Japanese cinema chain to increase the number of screenings.

However, since the other party was given a high enough share, the other party must bear a high enough cost of breach of contract. This way, the problem of screenings could be further ensured.

Spielberg did not have any objections to this. Japan was also a large overseas box office output for Hollywood. They had already begun to operate related resources in Japan, which could guarantee a basic screenings for "Flying Tigers." They would first maintain this foundation, then fight for it further.

"Flying Tigers" was Li Mu's first large-scale film to be released globally, and it was currently one of the highest single investments in Hollywood.

Moreover, the total investment of Li Mu's film was about 200 million US dollars. Most of this money was used for the filming and production of the film, which saved tens of millions of US dollars from the actors' salaries and director's salaries.

According to the market price, the total investment of this film was at least 250 million US dollars.

Although it was not as grand as the attack on Pearl Harbor or the Normandy landings, its aerial combat scenes had reached the pinnacle of the current film industry. Every aerial battle gave the audience a true sense of immersion.

Therefore, Li Mu also had high hopes for the global performance of this film.

He hoped that the box office of this film could set a record, or at least set a record for the global box office of a war film. At the same time, it would be recorded in the history of the world's film industry.

In this way, in the future, film fans all over the world would know about this film, watch this film, understand that period of history, and understand the crimes committed by Japan against Hua Xia and humanity during World War II, as well as the sacrifices made by the people of Hua Xia to resist the Japanese invasion.

It was precisely because there were many outstanding Jews like Spielberg, who had a sense of national mission, that there were so many films about the Nazi massacre of Jews during World War II in the history of film. So much so that even a child like Hua Xia knew about the crimes of the Nazi, Hitler's genocide, Auschwitz, and the Normandy landings.

However, other than the people of Hua Xia, how many people in the world understood the suffering of the people of Hua Xia during World War II?

People in many countries did not even know what Hua Xia was like. They even thought that the people of Hua Xia could not afford a television. How could such people know about the history of Hua Xia's resistance against the invaders?

Therefore, the film "Flying Tigers" carried not only the 200 million US dollars of Li Mu's investment, but also his respect and reverence for the history of the people of Hua Xia.

He wanted to go all out to make this film a global hit.

…

Right after that, Li Mu began to prepare for the global release of "Flying Tigers".

First, he got Spielberg to coordinate with the distribution and cinema chains in the target countries. Then, he used the online ticketing system to negotiate with the cinema chains as much as possible.

Next, he started to publish information about "Flying Tigers" on Weibo, Twitter, and YY to the world.

For example, the promotional photos, posters, behind-the-scenes footage, trailers, theme songs, and interviews with the main cast and crew.

The wonderful thing was that Li Mu now had control of the world's internet traffic. Whatever he wanted to promote, no matter whether it was good or bad, he could at least guarantee that the whole world would know about it in the shortest time possible.

Soon, the first wave of promotion began.

YY users, Weibo users, and Twitter users all over the world received Leonardo, Tom Hanks, and Anne Hathaway's personal Twitter advertisements. The three of them had a large number of Weibo and Twitter followers. Now, after the official promotion, their number of followers had exceeded 30 million. Leonardo and Anne Hathaway, who were both very good-looking, even had more than 50 million followers.

Then, the three of them each posted on their own Twitter accounts about "Flying Tigers", as well as some detailed photos of the film.

Suddenly, through the three of them, the film was pushed to the eyes of the world's netizens.

In China, Du Wei and Liu Ye's Weibo and Twitter accounts were also heavily promoted. However, as the two of them did not have much of a foundation overseas, they only had a certain amount of influence in the Chinese world.

Then, the official Weibo Twitter account for "Flying Tigers" was registered.

The official Weibo account started to post some behind-the-scenes photos, some scattered plot introductions, and some behind the scenes production stories. These celebrities all reposted it and started to further promote the film.

At this time, Li Mu had already started to get people to make behind-the-scenes videos.

A few days later, the first behind-the-scenes video of "Flying Tigers" was released.

This video was shot by many special-class pilots who personally lined up to fly old World War II airplanes on a replicated wartime airfield.

For the first time, the huge production team of the film was shown to the world.

Unlike most previous films that used as much CGI as possible, "Flying Tigers" used as much CGI as possible, which was why it was able to produce such a powerful visual effect.

It had to be said that, although the CGI in the early 21st century was already very strong, there was still a certain gap between it and the real thing.

The main reason why Gun was able to make so many people's blood boil was because of the excellent weapons and graphics.

A real fighter would always be much more realistic than a CGI.