Chapter 1538

George McMillan had not expected the first beating he had received in his life from Li Mu to be followed by the second.

Moreover, the one who had hit him was his grandfather, who had always doted on him.

Old William had slapped him hard because he did not want to see George make mistakes again and again until he killed himself.

George was young and inexperienced. He only had eyes for himself, but Old William had seen a lot of things in his life. He knew how big of a crisis George was facing now.

A large family was like a royal family. There were many successors, but there was only one successor. Not only did the successor have to have extraordinary abilities, but he also had to be recognized. Otherwise, there would be huge problems in the family.

George had the chance to become the successor of the family. If he had courted death and made himself a target of scorn, he would never have anything to do with the position of successor.

George McMillan covered his face with his hands, feeling extremely furious.

However, he was not a complete idiot. Old William's slap and his disappointed expression made him feel the deep disappointment from Old William.

After temporarily suppressing the anger in his heart, George McMillan finally realized what kind of dangerous situation he was facing.

He had provoked Li Mu and angered the public. More importantly, his insulting remarks about the Chinese had been confirmed by Prince William and Wendy Gotham. This label was really painful. If word got out, everyone would classify him as an insulter and anti-Chinese person in the future. How could he do business with the Hua Xia people in the future?

It did not matter whether he did business with the Hua Xia people or not. The key was that if he cut off the future cooperation between the family and the Hua Xia people, the rest of the family would have a reason to attack him and think that he was not suitable to take over the role of the family's successor.

This made George McMillan panic. If he had known this would happen, he would not have caused trouble for Li Mu. Who would have thought that this guy would be like a dog and bite people? He had only wanted to ridicule him, but he had not expected to be beaten up.

Gritting his teeth, George McMillan braced himself and said to Li Mu, "I'm sorry, Mr. Lee. I was wrong. Please forgive me."

Li Mu frowned and asked him, "What's wrong with you?"

"I …" George McMillan sighed and suppressed the anger and humiliation in his heart. He said, "I shouldn't have said those insulting words about Hua Xia. I didn't mean to say those words. I was just blinded by jealousy. I'm sorry."

Li Mu said sternly, "You must immediately take back all your disrespectful remarks about Hua Xia and apologize to all the people of Hua Xia for your mistake!"

"I take it back …" George McMillan clenched his fists and said in a low voice. "I take back everything I said just now. I apologize to the people of Hua Xia. At the same time, I apologize …"

Li Mu said coldly, "You have to apologize loudly so that everyone present can hear you!"

George McMillan looked at Li Mu with an almost murderous gaze. The latter's gaze was much sharper than his. He was so scared that he hurriedly dodged. He gritted his teeth and said loudly, "I take back everything I said just now. I apologize to the people of Hua Xia. I'm sorry …"

Li Mu said coldly, "Remember everything you said today. Don't insult Hua Xia and the people of Hua Xia on any occasion or in front of anyone. Otherwise, I'll be the first to not let you off!"

George McMillan could only nod repeatedly.

Li Mu ignored him and said to William McMillan, "There's one more thing. If you promise me, this matter will be over."

William McMillan hurriedly asked Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, if you have any requests, just tell me."

Li Mu said lightly, "Since you are the major shareholders of the Manchester United Football Club, tell Ferguson that if he wants to use the Hua Xia player, please treat him attentively and give the Hua Xia player fair and just treatment, opportunities, and training. If he can't do it, then don't use him."

William McMillan hurriedly nodded and said, "Don't worry, Mr. Lee. I will definitely tell Ferguson."

Li Mu was satisfied, but he ignored George McMillan. Instead, he said to Wendy beside him, "Miss Wendy, is the salon about to start?"

Wendy hurriedly said, "If you don't want to stay here for long, Mr. Lee, then we can go up now."

Li Mu nodded and said lightly, "Let's go up."

Li Mu went upstairs ahead of time. Wang Yuanlang also let go of the member of the McMillan family, who had been half-dead by him.

The others in the room burst into an uproar.

No one had expected Li Mu to be such an aggressive person.

George McMillan's mouth was indeed cheap, but he had not expected Li Mu to fight in public. He did not even have the mood or patience to talk back. He had just started fighting.

However, no one thought that there was anything wrong with Li Mu's approach. On the contrary, many people were particularly envious of Li Mu's character of doing things as soon as he said he would.

If it were most people, they would at most bicker with George McMillan and vent their anger on each other. It was indeed rare for them to directly come up and start fighting.

The biggest change in her impression of Li Mu was Wendy Gao Bai, who had always been by his side.

Wendy had always felt that this god-like young man should be a standard gentleman, but she had not expected that this gentleman was actually a "bad boy" deep down.

This "bad boy" did not mean that Li Mu was really bad, but because of his hot-bloodedness.

She recalled how Li Mu had slapped and kicked George McMillan to the ground, then stepped on him and said that it was Hua Xia's kung fu. Wendy was so excited that she had goosebumps. She had a very special feeling in her heart.

Then, Davidson, who had rushed over to deal with the affairs, temporarily stopped the McMillan family members from participating in tonight's salon.

Although the McMillan family was very angry, it was ultimately their own son who had caused trouble. They had no way to protest even if they wanted to.

George McMillan was the most miserable. William McMillan decided to send him back to Manchester overnight. That was where the family had started. He wanted him to go there and reflect on himself.

Thus, George McMillan, who had just been beaten and embarrassed, sat in his car and rushed to Manchester under the stars and the moon.

…

This Salon was mainly an internal small-scale exchange. There were a total of a few dozen people participating. The process was for everyone to take turns to introduce their industry direction and discuss the feasibility and success rate of their industry direction with others. After the discussion, everyone could freely communicate in depth according to what they were interested in, or who they thought might be able to cooperate with.

Bill Gates arrived shortly after the salon began.

Bill Gates, who had been giving instructions in front of the computer for a long time, had yet to figure out what Li Mu's Twitter was. However, there was less than an hour before the release of Microsoft's Windows-Live software package.

The self-introduction process of the salon was very fast. It was not long before it was Li Mu's turn. Li Mu sat in front of everyone and smiled. "Hello, everyone. I am Li Mu from Hua Xia Makino Technology."

The other participants applauded one after another. Although 90% of the businessmen around them were physical businessmen, their enthusiasm for the Internet was still very high.

Li Mu did not introduce too much. He just gave a general overview of the current situation of Makino Technology and shared a few of his experiences in the Internet industry. He then told all the participants in the salon, "Makino Technology has an epoch-making product that will be launched today. It will be launched at 11 o 'clock in the evening, London time. You can pay attention to it when the time comes."

Bill Gates, who was sitting not far from Li Mu, asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, there are less than two hours before the launch. Are you still not willing to tell me what kind of product Twitter is?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Gates, you must be patient when starting a business. You must know this better than I do, so what's the point of telling you what Twitter is two hours in advance?

Instead, it will affect your own judgment and rhythm. If you are really confident in your own product, then you have enough confidence. Why invest time and energy to learn about other people's products? "

Bill Gates smiled awkwardly and said, "Then let me talk about Microsoft's key plans for the next stage."

"Welcome." Li Mu nodded.

Bill Gates became the host of the next stage of the salon. He did not hide his next move. He introduced, "In the next period of time, Microsoft will gradually adjust our strategic focus. In the next stage, social media will be our top priority. And the product ecosystem that we will be launching today is called Windows-Live Software Package. It includes our redeveloped MSN and a series of ecosystems built around MSN."

After that, Bill Gates looked at Li Mu and said with a little apology, "Mr. Li, I'm really sorry. Windows-Live will become a comprehensive competitor of YY. In the future, we will start a new round of competition."

When MSN was destroyed by YY, MSN completely collapsed and declined. A large number of users left, and they would not come back. In the end, MSN became an abandoned platform.

However, Bill Gates believed that this time, MSN regrouped and would definitely bring a major surprise to users. It would even cause a new round of Internet fashion and bring a new turning point to the Internet industry.

Because he was full of confidence in this ecosystem, even if he was sniped by Li Mu today, Bill Gates also believed that as long as the new MSN ecosystem was given enough time, it could still develop. At most, it would slow down because of Li Mu's intervention, but it would not stop.

Li Mu smiled slightly. What Bill Gates said was no different from his own speculation. He just wanted to replicate a new YY ecosystem and snatch food from his own pot.

Since he entered the Internet industry, he has been robbing food from other people's pots and pans, and even robbing other people's pots and pans. He has never been robbed by others. This time was no exception. He firmly believed that the influence of Twitter would explode today would overshadow the entire MSN ecosystem. And after today, Twitter would become a trend that swept the world step by step. At that time, MSN would probably die again.