Chapter 1708

Just two hours later, Coca-Cola agreed to Li Mu's terms.

Within a year from the date of signing the contract, 60% of the products from each production line would be printed with the panda bear image.

This way, as long as Coca-Cola could cover the area, the panda bear would be able to cover it.

Li Mu struck while the iron was hot and immediately signed an online contract with Coca-Cola. He also issued the first copyright authorization for the panda bear online.

Thus, on the third day after receiving the authorization, Coca-Cola with the panda bear image was launched globally.

Efficiency was the key to everything, and Coca-Cola was the same.

At this time, whoever could get the panda bear image and print it on their products first would win.

Moreover, to Coca-Cola, changing the packaging was actually very easy. Makino Technology did not allow them to change the materials. Coca-Cola would use its existing packaging template and let Makino Technology review it. If Makino Technology thought it was okay, then it would be okay.

Then, the new packaging could be immediately replaced by a fully automated production line. The products that were produced would all have new packaging.

Coca-Cola actually wanted to change the panda bear's appearance slightly. At least let it wear a Coca-Cola shirt or wear a red Coca-Cola belt. However, Li Mu rejected it.

Li Mu's original words were: These were all negotiable. We, the Hua Xia people, do business in a straightforward manner. In the end, you guys insisted that 50% was too much. Since you guys don't give me a straightforward manner, then I won't give you a straightforward manner either. We are even now. If you still want to talk back in the future, then I will fall out with you.

Coca-Cola was also very helpless. Only then did it understand that it was actually the disadvantaged group in front of Makino Technology.

After the "panda bear" version of Coca-Cola was launched, Coca-Cola's global sales increased by 50%. The panda bear image was too unique. No matter where it was, it could guarantee that Coca-Cola would be noticed by its competitors at first glance. For fast consumer goods, whoever was noticed by consumers first had already won half the battle.

Coca-Cola's global sales skyrocketed, and Coca-Cola's top management was grinning from ear to ear.

This directly stimulated the desire of other companies for the image of the panda bear. Li Mu asked his colleagues in the business department of Makino Technology to choose the most influential company in the industry when choosing the company to cooperate with. Of course, Hua Xia's company had priority.

For a time, all kinds of applications came in. It was said that there were tens of thousands of applications in a day.

There was no cartoon character in the world that had such a strong influence.

When the streets of Japan were flooded with the panda bear version of cola, the Japanese people enviously expressed that Li Mu used a bad and cheap cartoon image of a panda to overshadow the countless classic cartoon images of the entire Japan for decades.

In fact, this was not an exaggeration at all.

If Coca-Cola printed Pikachu's image on it, it would not even increase its sales by one percent.

If the Pretty Girl Warrior was printed on it, the sales would definitely decline. Although the Pretty Girl Warrior was liked by girls, it was not attractive to men. It might even affect men's choices because it was too feminine.

Yachibana Maruko-chan?

Don't mess around, this kind of cartoon image of a Japanese elementary school girl is simply not suitable for all ages.

Hello

Kitty was even weaker in this aspect. Even if they paid money, they might not be able to get Coca-Cola to be distributed globally.

Conan had almost negative population growth in Japan, but how much additional value could it bring in a year?

It could not even compare to a fraction of the Kumamon Bear.

In the end, the reason why all the cartoon images in Japan were not enough when the panda bear was released was because those cartoon images did not have the temperament to become popular.

Nowadays, people still couldn't understand the word "demonic nature", but Li Mu really understood it very well.

The reason why the black and ugly Kumamon Bear could become popular all over the world was because of its magic.

This was the reason why the Four Kings of Emoji in Asia could remain popular for more than a decade.

Magic was like a mysterious metaphysical energy field. Anything that came into contact with magic could undergo a super metamorphosis like stone turning into gold.

Kuai Shou and TikTok became popular on the Internet. It could be said that each of them was very magical.

There were so many funny videos and songs on the Internet. For example, the horse riding dance. Even the First Lady of the United States danced with it. It was popular all over the world.

For example, I have an Apple, I have a pen, pfft, Apple pen. That guy was a pervert no matter how you looked at it, but he was still very popular at that stage.

And the Kumamon Bear could be said to be the most magical of all the Internet celebrities.

Especially when they went to Kumamon Prefecture, Japan, the overwhelming number of Kumamon Bear images was simply brainwashing.

Li Mu suddenly had an idea. Right, why not learn from Kumamon Prefecture?

He might as well spend some money and cover the entire Sichuan with the panda bear image.

Therefore, Li Mu hurriedly asked his colleagues in the business department a few questions.

First, how many airlines had applied for the panda bear image?

Second, how many airports had applied for the panda bear image?

Third, how many companies had applied for the panda bear image in Sichuan and what they were doing?

The colleagues in the business department quickly found the airlines from the application form.

Currently, domestic airlines had applied for the panda bear image: Air China, China Southern Airlines, Eastern Airlines, Sichuan Airlines, Hong Kong Cathay, Taiwan Evergreen;

Foreign airlines had applied for the panda bear image: American Airlines, Delta Airlines, United Airlines, Lufthansa, British Airways, Air France, All Nippon Airways, Japan Airlines, Korean Airlines, Singapore Airlines …

Li Mu was dumbfounded. Basically, all the well-known domestic and foreign airlines, except for the oil tycoons in the Middle East, had applied to Makino Technology.

Alright, it felt like it was free, and everyone was flocking to it.

As for the airports, there were just as many. More than a dozen airports in Hua Xia had applied to use the panda bear image as internal decoration, publicity, and guidance material.

There were also too many enterprises in Sichuan. Not only were there taxi companies, food companies, and manufacturing industries, but there were also restaurants, hotpot restaurants, skewers, and bowl chicken. Even the Wolong Panda Breeding Base wanted to build a panda house with the image of the panda bear.

In fact, the people of Sichuan were the happiest when the panda bear image became popular. When it came to pandas, the first place that came to mind was Sichuan. Recently, there had been a surge in domestic and foreign tourists in Sichuan. Even the housing prices had begun to rise rapidly because of the panda bear's influence.

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Note it down. First of all, several major domestic airlines can be authorized. However, other than Sichuan Airlines, we will only authorize the other airlines to use the image on long-distance wide-body passenger planes. Most of these planes are suitable for foreign routes, which can help us better promote overseas."

"As for Sichuan Airlines, let them use it however they want. It's best if even their pillow towels, blankets, and first-class shoes are the image of the panda bear."

"Among the foreign airlines, we will only authorize them to use our image on the Boeing 737 and Airbus 320 series narrow-body aircraft. This way, most of them will fly around their country with our image, especially All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines. Let them use it to their heart's content and let our friends in Japan feel the joy of cultural invasion."

"As for the airports, first of all, all the international airports in the country can be used. It's best to design a few special boarding gates with the image of the panda bear. It's also best to use these boarding gates for flights to Sichuan as much as possible. This way, whether it's domestic tourists going to Sichuan or international tourists going to Sichuan, they can feel the charm of Sichuan and the panda from here."

"Sichuan Airport, we allow them to use our panda bear image inside the airport at will. Of course, the design and use plan still have to be reviewed by us."

"International Airport, we allow them to use the panda bear image at the boarding gate. Of course, it's best if the specific boarding gate can be specially used for flights to Hua Xia."

"As for the Wolong Giant Panda Breeding Base's application, not only do we have to review and approve it, but we also have to donate money. It's best if they can add more panda bear design elements in the base, such as trails, electric scooters, guides, brochures, tickets, and so on."

"Taxi companies, choose the strongest one and authorize them to print our panda bear image on their taxis."

"As long as it's a legitimate enterprise with complete qualifications and products that meet the standards of Sichuan's specialty products, we will approve it immediately and issue them a license."

"Forget about the food and beverage industry. If there's a chance, we can invest in a panda bear themed restaurant."

At this time, the person in charge of the public relations department walked into the meeting room and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, we received some news that many domestic enterprises have used our panda bear image without authorization."

As he spoke, he handed a stack of photos to Li Mu.

After looking at it, Li Mu was so angry that his nose almost became crooked.

Panda bear school bags, pencil cases, notebooks, and other stationery.

Panda bear stickers, book covers, and children's snacks.

Low-quality panda bear dolls, costumes …

These products looked very clumsy just from the photos. Even the quality of the printing was not up to standard. They were completely tarnishing the panda bear's image.

If these profiteers were allowed to use the panda bear image indiscriminately and in such a bad way, the market would soon be filled with these low-quality products.

The domestic copyright protection had always been lacking, but the panda bear was now a Hua Xia business card that Li Mu was promoting internationally. They were really looking for trouble if they dared to pirate it.

Then, Li Mu immediately announced, "The public relations department will immediately form a rights protection team with the legal department. At the same time, immediately communicate with the cultural department and the industrial and commercial department. Tell them that the pirated use of the panda bear image will have an impact on the panda bear, Hua Xia's tourism industry, and Hua Xia's international image. They must try their best to help us fight against piracy and protect our rights. If there are any pirates like this, I will sue them all in court!"