Chapter 338

In the first few hours of QQ Fishery's launch, the data was brilliant.

By five o 'clock in the afternoon, QQ Fishery had been online for eight hours. During this period, more than 10 million QQ users had logged in, and more than 70% of the users had activated QQ Fishery.

Such a high conversion rate made the entire Teng Xun team excited. The fact that QQ Fishery could attract so many users in such a short period of time was enough to attract the attention of the entire Internet industry.

However, although QQ Fishery was very popular, unexpectedly, the popularity of QQ Fishery didn't have a big impact on Makino Technology's Happy Farm. Makino Technology's users were still logging in, signing in, and playing games. Compared with the same period last Monday, the daily activity data had decreased by less than 10%, which surprised Li Mu.

It seemed that the habit of users in Happy Farm wouldn't be interrupted by the launch of QQ Fishery. They just spent a part of their energy to experience this new version of QQ Fishery. However, because Happy Farm had been playing for so long, it had its own ranking, its own friends in the game, and the accumulated game items, once they gave up, they would lose everything.

For users, the two games could coexist for a period of time. They would continue to play the old game, and then spend some energy to understand the new game. After a period of adaptation and screening, they would basically make a final choice. At that time, the winner would be determined.

However, Teng Xun had already begun to cheer for victory. QQ Fishery had won the recognition of users. For them, this was already the first stage of victory.

At this time, Li Mu was arranging his subordinates to quickly prepare for the launch of the latest version of Happy Farm. Li Mu didn't want to wait until tomorrow. At 8 o 'clock tonight, the latest version of Happy Farm would be officially updated. For the current Happy Farm, it was definitely a big upgrade.

At this moment, Guo Haiming, who was in charge of the QQ Fishery project, was in high spirits. The initial success of QQ Fishery opened his eyes to a whole new world. In the past, the company's development goal was all about QQ software, and no one had ever thought that Teng Xun would also make games one day. However, QQ Fishery succeeded. The high conversion rate of users made Guo Haiming realize the real potential of QQ. With such a high conversion rate, the company would be like a tiger with wings in everything, especially in making games.

He came to the office of his boss Xiao Ma excitedly and knocked on the door. When Xiao Ma saw him, he asked with a smile, "How is the data of QQ Fishery now?"

Xiao Ma had personally gone to learn about it two hours ago. He had already seen the initial success of QQ Fishery, so he paid more attention to the follow-up data of QQ Fishery.

Guo Haiming reported the data to Xiao Ma and then added, "Boss Ma, I think our user conversion rate is really very high. If we try to develop the game, I think it will have a very good future."

Xiao Ma's eyes lit up and he said with a smile, "I've been thinking about this problem since I came back from your place. Our user conversion rate is indeed very high, but we didn't realize it because we were focused on QQ. Besides, Makino Technology's Happy Farm made me understand that a good Internet company can't only provide users with one kind of product. It must also find ways to make users rely on it in other fields. Only in this way can we continuously increase the user's stickiness and firmly grasp users."

As he said this, Xiao Ma continued, "Take Makino Technology for example. Their Tieba is their core business, and Happy Farm is a supporting business. But you will find that after Happy Farm goes online, not only does it develop the game itself, but more importantly, it also binds the original users of Tieba more firmly. Although they have now separated from Easy Listening, Easy Listening still supports Tieba very well. Even the user login is interconnected, which is also a kind of support for Tieba, but we just lack this kind of support. QQ is our core business. Our next step is to make all kinds of supporting products around QQ. QQ Fishery is only one of them, and QQ Fishery will continue to compete with Happy Farm. I think at this time, we can imitate another company and launch another game business."

Guo Haiming hurriedly asked him, "Boss Ma, which company are you talking about?"

Xiao Ma pushed his glasses and smiled mysteriously. "Alliance!"

"Alliance!?"

Guo Haiming said in surprise, "We are going to make that kind of chess and card game platform?

Alliance is now at the overlord level. Do we have any hope of competing with them? "

Xiao Ma smiled slightly and said, "This is the supporting support for the core business that I mentioned just now. Think about it, isn't Happy Farm the absolute overlord?

But our QQ Fishery has still achieved great results. Alliance is indeed the overlord of chess and card games, but what's its biggest drawback?

The biggest drawback is that there is only one service. If we make a QQ Game Hall, our users can chat, play QQ Fishery, and play chess and card games in QQ Games after logging into their QQ accounts. They can also integrate their friends and play chess and card games with their QQ friends at any time. How convenient is that?

Does Alliance have such a supporting service? "

"No …" Guo Haiming's blood circulation accelerated. The success of QQ Fishery not only gave him a feeling of invincibility, but also made Xiao Ma feel that he had a powerful blessing in his hands. With a huge QQ user base and QQ's strong advertising ability, they could almost do anything. Although Alliance was very powerful, its user base would not be larger than QQ, and the user's loyalty would not be stronger than QQ. Therefore, if QQ made a QQ Game Hall, then Alliance's defensive ability would not even be comparable to that of Makino Technology.

Makino Technology at least had Tieba and Easy Hearing. What else did Alliance have besides games?

Guo Haiming asked excitedly, "Boss Ma, when are you going to start this plan?"

"Don't worry."

Xiao Ma said with a smile, "We don't have extra technical strength to do a big project now. Your task before the New Year is to make QQ Fishery bigger and stronger, so that it can surpass Happy Farm and even force Happy Farm to a dead end. After the New Year, we will discuss it internally first and try to establish the project in March and launch it in the second half of the year."

According to the original development trajectory, QQ Game would have to wait until 2003. But because of Li Mu and Li Mu's Happy Farm, Xiao Ma's sensitivity to games had also improved a lot. Now he had the idea of imitating Alliance in advance.

However, it was a pity that he did not plan to go to the QQ Game Hall immediately. Instead, he waited for the second half of the year. The target time for Li Mu's YY was the end of February or the beginning of March. At that time, one of the two instant messaging software, YY and QQ, would definitely die, and Li Mu was very sure that the one who died would not be himself!

At that moment, a person in charge of the technology pushed open the door and came in with a laptop. When he saw Young Brother Ma and Guo Haiming sitting opposite each other and chatting, he gulped and called out to Chairman Ma and Chairman Guo. Then, he said to Guo Haiming, "Chairman Guo, Happy Farm has made an announcement."

Guo Haiming asked in surprise, "What announcement?"

The technical director hurriedly walked in and placed the laptop on the desk in front of the two of them. He said, "Take a look."

Guo Haiming and Xiao Ma looked at the laptop screen at the same time. On the screen was the game interface of Happy Farm. At the top of the game interface was a cartoon notice board, which said, "In view of the blatant plagiarism of Happy Farm by our shameless peers, Happy Farm has decided to carry out a comprehensive upgrade of the game at eight o 'clock tonight. We will always be in the lead on the road of competition with shameless people."

It did not mention any names, but everyone knew who Happy Farm was talking about. Guo Haiming said contemptuously, "They will update at eight o 'clock tonight?

What can they do in such a short time? "

Xiao Ma said, "Pay more attention to them and see what they do."

"Okay!"

…

Since Li Mu completely blocked the attacks on Happy Farm on the Internet, there was no negative news about Happy Farm on the Internet. After Happy Farm made the announcement, there was a heated discussion on the Internet. However, people did not pay attention to how much Makino Technology would upgrade Happy Farm. They were concerned about whether Makino Technology would fight with Teng Xun.

After all, everyone could see that QQ Fisheries had copied Happy Farm. They did not need to guess to know that the shameless peer in Makino Technology's announcement was referring to them.

This condemning announcement made Makino Technology gain a lot of support from netizens. Happy Farm's charging would certainly affect a group of game users who were not willing to pay, but Happy Farm's actions were understandable. The game was free, but the items were clearly priced. If you wanted to buy it, you could buy it. If you didn't, no one would do anything to you. It was completely up to the user.

What QQ Fisheries did was indeed too easy to arouse the users' sense of justice. In addition, Zhao Kang added fuel to the fire behind the scenes, so there was soon a wave of denouncing QQ Fisheries on the Internet.

However, the users of QQ Fisheries were not affected at all.

At six o 'clock in the afternoon, the official Tieba posted a post at the top of each major Tieba. The post severely criticized the shameless behavior of a company in Shenzhen and listed many of the company's crimes. In addition to imitating Happy Farm, there was also evidence that the company hired fake reviewers to attack Happy Farm online in advance. The Tieba posted a series of screenshots of the users' background and the registration, login IP, and the content of their posts of the hundreds of fake reviewers from Shenzhen. Anyone with a discerning eye would know that this was the work of the fake reviewers from Shenzhen. Coincidentally, the company that imitated Happy Farm was in Shenzhen.

As soon as these intuitive chains of evidence were displayed, the netizens were immediately filled with righteous indignation. Many netizens had never seen such shameless behavior in the past few years of exposure to the Internet. They stole from others and at the same time accused others …