Chapter 1203

When Lawrence announced Li Mu's second visit to Harvard on the campus radio, the astute media immediately went into an uproar.

In the morning newspaper the next day, the headlines of a large number of newspapers were reporting that Li Mu would visit Harvard today. Among them, the headline of the Los Angeles Times was the most eye-catching.

"The King-Is-Back."

The King's Return!

This news headline was particularly appropriate for most Harvard students.

Harvard was the land conquered by Li Mu. The students in this land had long surrendered to him. In the eyes of these students, Harvard was Li Mu's kingdom.

At 10 o 'clock in the morning, Li Mu's rented business jet landed smoothly at Boston Airport. Lawrence, the president of Harvard University, personally went to the airport to welcome him. Not only him, but almost all the senior executives of Harvard were there.

When Li Mu got off the plane, hundreds of reporters from the news media had already set up their cameras to take pictures of him.

In his eyes, Li Mu was even more adorable than a mascot. His arrival could attract the attention of the whole world to Harvard. "Li Mu is much more adorable than a mascot. His arrival will attract the attention of the whole world.

Li Mu didn't let Lawrence down. The media had been paying special attention to his every move. Last time he was at Harvard, he shocked the world. So in the eyes of the media, his return to Harvard this time was even more anticipated than the visit of the president to Harvard.

Lawrence led a group of senior executives of Harvard and took turns to shake hands with Li Mu. Li Mu also shook hands with each and every one of them very politely. When it was Xie Huairu's turn, who was also the only Chinese senior executive of Harvard, Li Mu specially greeted him in Chinese, "We meet again, Mr. Xie."

Xie Huairu didn't expect that Li Mu would still remember him. He smiled and said, "Hello, Li Zong. Welcome to Harvard."

Li Mu looked around and said with a smile, "Mr. Xie, it's a bit early to say that."

Xie Huairu looked at the surrounding bookshelves, taxiing, taking off, and landing as he laughed, "Then I'll repeat it again when we arrive at Harvard."

Facing Li Mu again, Xie Huairu felt a little guilty.

He understood that Li Mu didn't know about his relationship with Xie Yun, nor did he know that he was Zhao Ziqiu's uncle. Otherwise, once he knew about this, he would be able to guess why Su Yingxue was transferred to Harvard.

Moreover, Xie Huairu was also wondering if Li Mu had come all the way to Harvard just to see Su Yingxue.

At such a young age, he already had a foot in two boats, and one of them was his niece. When Xie Huairu thought of this, he felt somewhat displeased.

After a simple greeting ceremony, Li Mu and a group of leaders of Harvard boarded the bus prepared by Harvard and drove to Harvard University. Originally, there were four cars and one bus in the motorcade. The local police specially sent a motorcade composed of eight motorcycles and six police cars to escort them along the way. The whole motorcade looked mighty and imposing.

Aside from that, a lot of media reporters' cars were also following the motorcade. More than a hundred cars crowded together, making the entire motorcade look even bigger.

After the motorcade left the airport, it went straight to Cambridge City. When it was at least two to three kilometers away from Harvard's gate, a large number of students, citizens, and overseas Chinese had already gathered on both sides of the road. Some of them were holding five-starred red flags, while others were holding banners welcoming Li Mu to Cambridge.

Not only Li Mu, but even the media also didn't expect that Li Mu would have such a wide influence.

When the motorcade was about ten minutes away from Harvard, there were already thousands of students gathered outside the school gate. Not only Harvard students, but a large number of students from the neighboring Massachusetts Institute of Technology also gathered there, waiting for Li Mu to appear.

Su Yingxue and Chen Zirui were among these thousands of students.

Seeing that more and more students gathered at the gate, Chen Zirui, who was squeezed in the crowd, couldn't help but sigh to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, Li Mu's influence in Harvard is really great. Look at these students, they are so fanatical …"

Su Yingxue smiled faintly and said, "I've been here for so many days, and every new friend has asked me about him. Everyone treats him as their biggest idol. After coming into contact with many people like him, I'm no longer surprised by today's situation."

Just when Chen Zirui was about to speak, his body was suddenly squeezed from behind. There were already a lot of people gathered on both sides of the school gate, and it was already very crowded for the two of them to be in the middle of the crowd. He didn't expect that there would be someone desperately squeezing forward, which made Chen Zirui a little unhappy. He couldn't help but say in English, "Student, can you stop squeezing? There's no room in front!"

As soon as his voice fell, the other person raised his head, and both Chen Zirui and the other person were dumbfounded.

"It's you, Ruirui!"

"Xiaoxiao?"

The person who came was Zhen Xiaoxiao.

Zhen Xiaoxiao originally wanted to clench her teeth and squeeze to the front, but she didn't expect to meet Chen Zirui so coincidentally. When she saw that Su Yingxue was standing beside him, she understood and said with a smile, "I didn't expect you guys to also come!"

Su Yingxue looked at Zhen Xiaoxiao in surprise and asked, "Xiaoxiao, didn't you go to the second round?

Why did you come here? "

When Zhen Xiaoxiao heard Su Yingxue's question, her expression immediately turned ugly. She said angrily, "I originally went, but I found out that they were deliberately stalling for time. They wanted to delay thousands of people, so I left."

Chen Zirui asked her, "Deliberately stalling for time?

What the hell? "

Zhen Xiaoxiao said angrily, "It's that James Keane. He must feel that Li Mu is in the limelight, so he deliberately set the second round this morning, and deliberately added ten more places to call back thousands of people. But after he went there, he didn't start the second round, and kept stalling for time to let everyone wait patiently. He definitely didn't want everyone to welcome Li Mu, so he deliberately played a dirty trick. I felt disgusted, so I gave up."

Su Yingxue sighed and said, "This James Keane is too narrow-minded. He has already fooled thousands of people. Even if the interview started on time, by the time Li Mu came, at most 20% had finished. There are still 80% of people who have to continue the interview or wait. He deliberately didn't start the interview, stalling for time. It seems that he doesn't want anyone to be released."

"Yes!"

Zhen Xiaoxiao said bitterly, "I said I would quit, but they threatened me, saying that my registration information had been registered. If I quit at this time, I would be permanently blacklisted by the Student Union. They told me to think twice before I did. I thought twice, damn it, I just walked away. Do whatever you want!"

Su Yingxue couldn't help but frown. "They really went too far by doing this."

Chen Zirui gave Su Yingxue a look and said, "Yingxue, send a text message to Li Mu to complain. I don't believe he can't deal with this James Keane."

Su Yingxue gave her a look and said, "This kind of thing, when Li Mu arrives, he must have his own judgment. Let's not disturb him."

Su Yingxue's words had a double meaning. Not only did she truthfully express her thoughts, but she also used the word "let's" to remind Chen Zirui not to deliberately emphasize his close relationship with Li Mu in front of Zhen Xiaoxiao and others.

Chen Zirui understood tacitly, nodded lightly, and said no more.

It was Zhen Xiaoxiao who followed Chen Zirui's words and said, "In my opinion, you really should say hello to Li Mu. You are all his classmates, and your relationship must be closer than others. If 3321 really becomes a plaything of James Keane, it will not only destroy 3321's reputation, but also destroy Li Mu's reputation."

Su Yingxue smiled indifferently and said, "Xiaoxiao, if Li Mu needs us to remind him, then he isn't Li Mu."

Zhen Xiaoxiao heard this, and her expression was slightly startled. She felt that what Su Yingxue said did make sense.

At this moment, no one knew who shouted, "Look!

The motorcade is here! "

Everyone was attracted by this shout, and they tried to look at the end of the road to the school's main entrance.

Two police motorcycles driving side by side appeared in the public's view, and then the entire motorcade appeared one after another!

The crowd began to become restless, and everyone seemed particularly excited. Li Mu was finally here!

Zhen Xiaoxiao tiptoed to look for a moment, and couldn't help but say to the two, "Yingxue, Ruirui, let's go a bit further!

We won't be able to see anything here! "

Su Yingxue said, "Don't push forward anymore. It's good to stay here, as long as we can see the cars."

Unlike Zhen Xiaoxiao who couldn't wait to rush to the front, Su Yingxue and Chen Zirui didn't seem too willing to go forward to join in the fun.

Because Chen Zirui was a student of the National People's Congress, he didn't know how many times he had seen Li Mu before, so his attitude towards Li Mu wasn't as fanatical as the Harvard students. As for Su Yingxue, she wasn't the kind of girl who was good at expressing emotions and feelings. She only came to join in the fun because she wanted to see Li Mu from afar. That was all.

The motorcade got closer and closer, and the cheers of the crowd grew louder. When the motorcade arrived in front of the school gates, Li Mu opened the curtains of the bus and waved to the enthusiastic Harvard students outside.

After the Harvard students saw Li Mu's face through the window, the atmosphere of the scene became even more enthusiastic.

At this time, Lawrence beside Li Mu tried to bluff him, "Li, look at how fanatical the Harvard students are towards you. They are all looking forward to you giving a speech that will shock their hearts again. Even if you only take half an hour to come out and say a few words, their enthusiasm towards you won't be in vain."

Li Mu immediately stretched out his index finger and waved it, saying seriously, "Don't bluff me, Lawrence. I said I won't give a speech this time, so I definitely won't."

As he said that, Li Mu looked at the time and said to him, "Time is tight, I want to meet the 3321 team directly. Please help me arrange it."

Lawrence saw that Li Mu didn't buy it at all, so he could only give up the idea of persuading him and said, "I've already told Dong Ai. She and her team are waiting for you in the main office building. We'll go directly to the main office building later."

Li Mu nodded, "Okay, I'll meet with them first. Then in the afternoon, we'll discuss the specific situation of the 3321 US station. In the evening, I'll meet with the students of the National People's Congress. I'll go back tomorrow."

Lawrence couldn't help but ask him, "You're in such a rush this time?"