Chapter 746

There were many advantages to using a chartered plane for a group business trip. For example, it was flexible, fast, convenient, and non-disruptive. However, there was only one disadvantage: it was expensive.

However, as a real estate company that had not even excavated its foundation, what else did it have other than money?

The chartered plane went through the special security channel for business jets. After the security check, there was no need to wait for the plane. You could directly board the chartered Toyota Coaster and board the plane at the hangar. Once you boarded the plane, you would immediately apply for take-off. The air traffic control at the control tower would usually give priority to business jets that had business relations with them.

Li Mu had never taken a business jet in both of his lives. This time, his wish was fulfilled.

Before taking off, Liu Qiangdong gave Li Mu a call. He told him that Wu Haijun and his assistant had already landed at Yan Jing Airport and were taking a taxi to Taobao.

Li Mu could not help but be surprised. He did not expect Wu Haijun to be so efficient. It seemed like he really valued Taobao's online sales platform. He could also realize that this was a huge opportunity for them.

Since Wu Haijun was so proactive, Li Mu felt that today's negotiation would be successful.

To Wu Haijun, Shenzhou had just started to be a disruptor in the industry. However, he was not as confident as Li Mu when it came to MP3. Although MP3's production requirements were much lower than PC's, Li Mu did not have the courage to break through the market price without making a single cent. Wu Haijun was far from being able to do that.

Ever since Wu Haijun entered the industry, he did not aim to become a competitor. Instead, he aimed to become the mortal enemy of everyone in the industry. Right now, he did not even know how far he could walk on this path of disrupting the industry. To him, Li Mu's olive branch was like a raging fire in the dark. If he could cooperate with Li Mu, Wu Haijun and Shenzhou would not have to worry about the future.

…

The light jet took off from Shanghai Airport. After turning in the sky, it flew straight to Yan Jing.

Li Mu sat in the luxurious business jet and pretended to gather everyone for a tea party. Everyone ate, drank, and chatted. Two hours later, the plane was already on the runway and landed at Yan Jing Airport.

After landing, Li Mu received a message from Liu Yidong reminding him to wear a mask. Now, many reporters were on Taobao, hoping to interview the top management of Taobao. Liu Yidong did not agree, but it was not good to chase these reporters away. Therefore, he let these reporters shoot some news on Taobao.

The reporters' visit was within Li Mu's expectations, so he was not too worried. He sat in a business car with Song Liang and Wei Lan and headed to the city.

Because he had to go to Taobao and did not have time to go to Wanying, Li Mu said to the two of them in the car, "Juncheng Real Estate's matter ends here. From now on, we will not take the initiative to interfere. Now, we will focus all our energy on Wanying's own projects. I may not have time to ask too many questions, so the follow-up work will depend on the two of you and Old Chen. We have seven pieces of land that we need to determine the development plan as soon as possible. We will develop a few of them ourselves and a few of them with others. These must be decided as soon as possible. At the same time, we also need to move on the commercial real estate project in Sanlitun that we touched previously. Sanlitun is a good place with good Feng Shui.

Let's get the land first, then we will officially report to the company. "Both of them nodded. Li Mu held the trump card in his hands regarding Juncheng Real Estate. He did not need to invest any more energy to operate it. Now, he should focus on his own development.

At this moment, Wei Lan said, "Give me a day off. Tomorrow, I will settle the matter of the house. The day after tomorrow, I will officially report to the company."

Li Mu made an 'OK' gesture and said, "You just have to manage the time yourself."

The commercial car first sent Li Mu to Taobao before turning around and driving to Wanying. Li Mu bought a mask and a cap at the convenience store downstairs and wore them upstairs. When he arrived at the entrance of Taobao, he saw many reporters filming at the entrance, and most of them were television reporters. Everyone was queuing up, and the television reporters who were queuing up were recording at the main entrance of Taobao. Li Mu took advantage of the opportunity when the two television stations were taking turns to sneak in. The receptionist recognized Li Mu's figure and hurriedly followed Li Mu to Liu Yidong's office. She was afraid that someone would not recognize Li Mu and stop him.

When he arrived at Liu Yidong's office, the moment he pushed the door open, Li Mu saw a slightly plump middle-aged man passionately chatting with Liu Yidong on the sofa with a serious young man sitting beside him.

Liu Yidong naturally recognized Li Mu, who was wearing a mask and a cap. He hurriedly stood up and said to Wu Haijun, "Our Li Zong is here."

Wu Haijun did not recognize him, but he still stood up and said politely and respectfully, "Hello, Li Zong!

I've heard a lot about you!

I'm finally fortunate enough to meet you today! "

Li Mu took off his cap and mask, stepped forward, and shook hands with Wu Haijun. He said with a smile, "CEO Wu, you don't have to be so polite. I've heard a lot about you."

Wu Haijun laughed. He knew that Li Mu was just being polite. He also knew that compared to Li Mu, although he was almost twice his age, the scale of his business and his net worth were much worse. He even felt that if Taobao could get a good valuation after this brand day, Li Mu could even become the richest man in Hua Xia.

Li Mu sat down on the side of the sofa, and Liu Yidong smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, CEO Wu is from the same hometown as us in Nansu."

"Oh, is that so?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Where is CEO Wu from?"

Wu Haijun said, "From Nansu to Nansu."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Then we really are from the same hometown. It seems that our Nansu has sent a lot of talents to Hua Xia's computer and internet industry."

Wu Haijun smiled and said, "That's right. For a genius like Li Zong to come out of Nansu, it's already a huge contribution to Hua Xia's internet industry."

Li Mu smiled modestly. "Not at all. These are all virtual products that can't be seen or touched, unlike CEO Wu, who can assemble hardware from all over the world into his own PC and sell it to the consumers at an absolutely low price. This is a huge contribution to Hua Xia's internet industry."

Wu Haijun smiled and said, "Li Zong, I won't hide it from you. Taking the low price route is an extremely difficult thing to do. The biggest pressure comes from the industry. In order to protect their profits, the industry will think of all ways to attack and smear your name. Today, they will say that your workmanship is not good. Tomorrow, they will say that your after-sales service is too bad. A few days later, they will fabricate a news story saying that Shenzhou bought a batch of defective CPUs from Intel at a low price, causing the consumers to be unable to distinguish between the real and the fake. Now, I am going against the entire industry alone.

It's unbearable! "Li Mu nodded. He understood what Wu Haijun said very well. People in the same industry were not afraid of competition, but they were afraid of competing and ruining the other party's livelihood. If Shenzhou played this way, it would definitely be squeezed by the industry.

Thus, Li Mu smiled and said, "CEO Wu, these are all unavoidable. To be honest, only between people in the same industry is the most naked competition."

Wu Haijun nodded and sighed. "Li Zong, long live your understanding!"

The computer industry was like a raging storm. Not only did they have to fight against the industry, but they also had to fight against the upstream companies overseas. CPUs, memory chips, video memory chips, hard disks, monitors, LCD panels, and so on were all affected by the overseas suppliers. The price fluctuations were also very large. A company like Shenzhou basically had no say in front of Intel, Hitachi, Toshiba, Nvidia, and other large hardware suppliers. Hence, they were often affected by them. Price increases and shortages were like knives hanging on their necks.

At this point, Li Mu started to lead the conversation to the main topic. With a serious expression, he said, "The reason why I asked you to come here is actually very simple. I hope that we can work together more closely. I have the strongest marketing resources and online sales channels in the industry. Soon, I will have my own logistics system. If we work together, the domestic PC market will definitely change."

Wu Haijun nodded with a serious expression and said, "Li Zong, this is also the reason why I immediately rushed over when I received your invitation to meet. Personally, I also hope to be able to work together with Taobao."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Not just with Taobao, but with Taobao, Alipay, Makino Technology, Taobao Logistics, and the entire product ecosystem."

Wu Haijun suppressed his joy and said sincerely, "Li Zong, it is my honor to be able to work with you. It is also Shenzhou's honor."

As he said that, Wu Haijun asked him, "Li Zong, do you have any good suggestions for the specific cooperation?"

Wu Haijun was also very clear that there was no such thing as a free lunch in the sky. Li Mu would not take the initiative to give him such a good opportunity. He must have his own demands.

Li Mu felt that it was about time to lay his cards on the table. Only by laying his cards on the table could they continue the conversation. Hence, he smiled and said, "I am in the field of internet products. Every PC is an entrance to my products. Hence, I hope that there can be as many entrances as possible. At the same time, I also hope that the number of internet users will continue to increase. Hence, I have a personal plan. For a long time in the future, through my products and platforms, I will do my best to promote the popularization of PC in the country. Hence, I need a PC manufacturing partner to fully promote the sales and development of PC in the country."

Wu Haijun's pupils shrank instantly, and his heart was in turmoil!

Li Mu's major products and platforms almost covered the entire Hua Xia Internet. His influence in the internet industry was unparalleled. If he really wanted to promote the popularization of PC in the country, then it was foreseeable that the domestic PC market would usher in explosive growth. At such a time, the most direct beneficiaries would be the PC manufacturers. The domestic computer and internet users had too much potential. With a population of more than a billion, who dared to say what the demand for home PCs would be in the next ten years?

If they were to include the replacement, it would probably reach the level of "hundreds of millions"!

Wu Haijun's heart was beating rapidly. He was extremely excited as he thought that if he could cozy up to Li Mu, the Shenzhou's success would be just around the corner!