Chapter 409

The area marked out by Li Mu on the map was very interesting.

Looking at it now, that area was very awkward. It was a few kilometers away from the airport and the airport expressway, and there was a river in the middle. However, in the future, it would be very convenient for traffic.

In the future, this area would be connected by the new Sixth Ring Road. The Sixth Ring Road would be a circular expressway around the whole of Yanjing, with a speed of 100 kilometers per hour, and there would be many connecting roads to the city.

For example, in the future, the Yanping Expressway from Yanjing City to Pinggu County would go from the west to the east of the city, pass by the airport, and go out of the Sixth Ring Road to Pinggu County. At that time, it would coincidentally intersect near the area marked out by Li Mu, forming a transportation hub.

If the race track was built here and the CSC Club was established here, the members of Yanjing City could directly take the airport expressway, the Jingping Expressway, and the Sixth Ring Road from the city to the airport during the Olympics. The entire journey would be on the expressway, and supercars would not have any problems driving all the way. If the members were from Jinshi and Tangshi, they could also take the expressway directly, which was very convenient.

However, the only problem was time.

It was now 2002, and there were still six years before the Olympics.

Even if the race track was built slowly, it should be completed in one or two years. Therefore, the current traffic situation in this area was particularly important. It had to at least be able to connect supercars to the airport expressway. If not, then they had to find a way to cooperate with the government to build a road. If that was the case, the road would definitely not be built according to the standards of a first-class highway. The cost would be too high. Even if it was only a few kilometers, the cost should be in the hundreds of millions. They could first build a sufficiently flat second-class highway. Fortunately, the cost of a few kilometers of second-class highway was not high. An investment of tens of millions could be completed. The government would pay a little, and the business would pay a little.

Chen Ze also had the same idea. He could not get the land through the government, and he could not get subsidies in advance through the government. However, it was possible to build a joint venture with the government to build a road. This in itself was a win-win situation, and it would not become a hidden political danger.

As for Li Mu, he was more optimistic about the race track project, so he was willing to work with Chen Ze. Building a race track alone and forming a team was basically destined to lose money. However, if it was combined with supercar owners to form a real high-end club, profits would not be a big problem. Most importantly, as a club, it could gather connections and resources among the members.

The next morning, Chen Ze drove a low-profile Mitsubishi Pajero, and drove Li Mu and Li Mu straight to Shunyi. The car drove to the airport first, then came out from the airport expressway, and went down to the location Li Mu had marked on the map.

It was the first time for both of them. When they saw the road conditions for the first time, both Chen Ze and Li Mu were pleasantly surprised. The journey from the airport to the destination was less than seven kilometers, and there was a four-kilometer two-lane cement road. The road was not wide, but it was very flat. Chen Ze often drove sports cars with low chassis, so he was very sure that there was no problem with the passing sports car. The only problem was that it was a little narrow.

Once they crossed the river, they entered a relatively concentrated area of arable land. The density of villages was much smaller than that of the west bank of the river, and most of the villages were arable land. It was estimated that if they wanted 2,000 mu of land, at least 90% of it would be arable land.

There was a large area to choose from, at least 30 square kilometers. Within this area, there were no factories or mines, only villages and arable land. Chen Ze roughly estimated the cost. Based on the current economic level of Shunyi, the compensation for arable land would not be more than 5,000 yuan per mu. If 2,000 mu of land was calculated, including the relocation costs and the payment to the government for land acquisition, the total would not be more than 25 million yuan.

2,000 mu of land was completely enough to build a Formula 3 race track. According to the standards of the top Formula 3 race track, 1,000 mu of land could be completed. However, because of the need for car services, hotel and entertainment services, and other supporting facilities, the temporary standard of 2,000 mu was more suitable.

After walking around for a day, the two of them were relatively satisfied with the location of the area. However, the two of them were, after all, not professional venue design and construction talents. They could only temporarily demarcate such an area of about 30 square kilometers, then contact a professional track design company and invite them to come to the site for a field survey. Finally, they would choose the most suitable site to build the race track and the entire race track.

On the way back, Chen Ze was in high spirits, talking non-stop to Li Mu about his plans for the future race track and the relevant details of setting up a team. Chen Ze said, "Right now, Shanghai, Yunnan, Jiaodao, and Yangcheng all have their own professional teams, but they are all rally teams, and they all participate in the national rally championship. Our goal is to be the first F3 team in the country, but we still have to start from rally."

Li Mu asked him, "How do rally cars come about?"

Chen Ze said, "It depends on the situation. Under normal circumstances, teams are free to purchase cars as long as they meet the requirements of the race. If there is a car manufacturer or a team built with others, they will use the car manufacturer's model. If we can find a suitable car manufacturer to build a team in the future, it will also be a good choice."

As he spoke, Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "Have you heard of Hyundai Korea?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded. There was no reason for him not to know such a popular street car brand.

Chen Ze smiled and said, "I heard some time ago that the Yanjing Municipal Government is taking the lead and is discussing with Hyundai Korea to introduce a joint venture. They want to set up a joint-stock car investment company in Yanjing with Hyundai Korea. At that time, Hyundai Korea will set up a production line in Yanjing. The municipal government is very concerned about this matter, and it is very likely to start in the second half of this year."

Only then did Li Mu remember that Hyundai Korea had not set up a factory in China yet. No wonder he had not seen many Hyundai cars after his rebirth.

Speaking of Yanjing Hyundai, Li Mu suddenly remembered that their future factory site was in Shunyi. In the past, a distant relative of Li Mu's in his hometown had a child who worked in Yanjing Hyundai Korea's workshop after graduating from a vocational high school. He had visited him once.

Thinking carefully about the address, it should be not far north of the location of the racetrack they had just chosen.

Moreover, in his memory, Yanjing Hyundai had created a miracle in the joint venture car industry, which caused quite a stir in the international automobile market. That was: the negotiation, the signing of the contract, the production, and the launch of the car. This series of processes should have been completed in 2002.

Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "When Hyundai Korea enters China, we can talk to them about forming a team. They have just entered China, and they will definitely try their best to expand the market. Next year, when our racetrack is completed, it will be the time for them to expand into the domestic market. Forming a team should not be a big problem for them. Moreover, they have their own production lines, models, and technology. If we use Hyundai cars directly, it will save us a lot of trouble."

Chen Ze nodded, "Hyundai Korea has their own rally team, but they don't have one in China. What you said is very promising. When they enter China, I will think of a way to contact them first."

Li Mu said, "When the time comes, you can mention Makino Technology to them. If they are interested in building a team, we can use Makino Technology's online marketing resources to repay them."

“OK！”

Li Mu asked him, "How did your talk with Dufy go?"

Chen Ze said, "I talked about it briefly. She is quite interested, but she is still a little hesitant. If she comes back to work on our project, it will be the same as giving up her job in the US. She is still trying to decide."

Li Mu said, "I've heard from others that it's not easy for Chinese people to get along in foreign countries, especially in developed countries in the West. There's still some discrimination against Chinese people. International students may not feel it, but once they get employed, they will feel the unfriendliness of the locals in the workplace, because they think that Chinese people working in their own country are taking away their employment resources. Du Fei should have a deep understanding of this. You must choose your words well to persuade her to come back. You must find the most sensitive point in her heart, and then make an issue of it."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "I understand what you mean, but I'm also a little worried. It's true that we have a race track project now, but after Du Fei finishes this project, how will she develop in the country? That's probably what she's most worried about."

Li Mu suddenly had an idea and asked Chen Ze, "Are you interested in real estate?"

"Real estate?"

Chen Ze frowned. "Don't tell me you want me to invest in real estate to find a job for Dufy … The price is too high!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Is the price very high?

I just suddenly feel that the development of the city is so fast, and the housing prices are increasing at a frightening speed. Real estate is such a big industry, and it is just starting to speed up. At this time, buying a few pieces of land will definitely make money. We can set up a real estate development company and keep Dufy in China. We can still make money, so why not?

Not only residential real estate, but also commercial real estate. Building landmark office buildings, big shopping malls, hotels, and cinemas in the city center will definitely have a bright future. Just like the SOHO Modern City built last year, it is a similar concept, but it is still in the early stages. "

Chen Ze smacked his lips and said, "It is true that real estate profits are high, but I am not familiar with real estate, and the start-up capital for real estate is large. We have to invest in a project of no less than 200 million yuan in the next two or three years, and it is estimated that the first two or three years will be pure investment. In these two or three years, I basically can't get extra money."

As he said this, Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "Are you familiar with real estate?

If you are really sure, it is not impossible. We can raise some funds first and do it on a small scale. "

From the moment they started talking about this topic, the person in Li Mu's mind was Song Liang. Although he was now a developer in a fifth-tier city in Haizhou, after such a long time of contact, Li Mu was very confident in Song Liang's ability. It was a waste of Song Liang's talent to stay in Haizhou. If he was given a springboard, he should also have the ability to become a first-class real estate developer in China.

Real estate companies such as Wanda, Vanke, Evergrande, Poly, and SOHO basically did not have real mature commercial real estate models. Wanda had just begun to try the first generation of Wanda Plaza in second-tier cities. It would at least be after 2005 before they really started to operate commercial real estate. If he could provide a springboard for Song Liang this year, he could smoothly enter Yan Jing and rely on his understanding of the future development of Yan Jing and the trend of housing prices. He could easily make a few profitable real estate projects, stabilize his foundation, accumulate enough strength, and then move into commercial real estate. With people like Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming, connections and money were not a problem.

Li Mu knew that he did not have the ability to do real estate, nor was he cut out for it. What's more, he was focused on the Internet and had no time to do real estate. But if Song Liang came, he could also use his hands to get involved in real estate. After all, it was also a huge cake. If he could not eat it, he would definitely find a way to eat it if he had the opportunity.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "I think we can really discuss the real estate business. I have a friend who is doing real estate in my hometown. He is very good at doing things. If he is willing to come to Yan Jing to develop, then the three of us can do it together. Neither you nor I will show up, and he will run it. If you are short of money, you don't need to pay, just use your connections."

Chen Ze was more or less tempted. The profit of real estate was so big that anyone would be jealous. Even ordinary people wanted to borrow money to speculate in real estate, let alone him. So he asked, "Is your friend reliable?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, if you are interested, I will ask him to come to Yan Jing another day. Let's sit down and have a chat. If you think he can do it, we will directly determine the proportion of shares, and then register the company and start to move."

Chen Ze hesitated for a moment, then nodded and said, "Okay, let's have a chat. I am really interested in this aspect."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Next week, Monday or Tuesday."

Chen Ze asked him, "Isn't it better to do it on the weekend?"

Li Mu said, "I am not free on the weekend. I have an appointment with Du Wei to teach her the song 'Hidden Fragrance' in these two days. If there is no problem, I will go to the studio to record it on the weekend."

Chen Ze asked in surprise, "Is it the song you said you thought of impromptu when you had dinner last time?

It was named after the VIP room? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a monster. "Have you written the lyrics and the song?"

"Yes, I have."

Chen Ze couldn't help but sigh. "You are really a monster. Tell me, is there anything you can't do?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Music is just a kind of talent. It's not a big deal."

Chen Ze asked him, "What about the Internet?

Is it also a talent? "

Li Mu said, "The Internet is because I have my own foresight of the future development of the Internet. My luck is good because so far, my encounters have been relatively accurate."

Chen Ze couldn't help but ask again, "Then do you have such a foresight for the future of real estate?"