Chapter 685

At the dining table, Wang Shaohua took the initiative to take care of everyone's orders. This time, Wang Shaohua really spent a lot of money. Not only did he order the best food, but he also specially ordered a bottle of red wine worth more than a thousand yuan.

Li Mu wanted to persuade him not to drink while driving, but he said, "At most, I won't drive today. I'll take a taxi back. You too. Anyway, it's not far from the National People's Congress. Don't drive and drink."

Li Mu said, "Why don't we drink together? Auntie and Yingxue don't drink. Let them drive."

Wang Shaohua said seriously, "That won't do. Not only the two of us are going to drink today, but the three of them are also going to drink. It's really inexcusable not to drink on such an important and festive day."

If Wang Shaohua hadn't been criticized and suspended, today would have been a good day for celebration.

On the one hand, his daughter did well in the college entrance examination. It was not a problem for her to get more than 500 points, and it was also a good thing for her to get into the Film Academy. On the other hand, his daughter also liked the new house very much. Although the origin of the house was a little awkward, it was still a mansion worth more than two million yuan. In front of it, the awkwardness was nothing at all. In addition to these two good things, today was also an opportunity for the family to formally thank Li Mu. On such an occasion, how could they not drink?

Su Yuehua also said for the first time, "Li Mu, let's do as your Uncle Wang said. Yingxue, Xinran, and I will drink a little."

Although girls should not be allowed to drink, Su Yuehua felt that it was still acceptable to drink a little red wine occasionally.

Seeing that the couple were so insistent, Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, everyone drink a little. Leave the car here."

Wang Shaohua immediately said with a smile, "That's good. If one bottle is not enough, we'll have another!"

The atmosphere at the dining table was very harmonious, and Wang Shaohua's mood instantly improved a lot.

Everyone ate and chatted at a very slow pace. When they were almost full, the five of them had been sitting in the restaurant for two hours. They drank two bottles of red wine, most of which went into Wang Shaohua and Li Mu's stomachs. Fortunately, the two of them had a good capacity for alcohol, so this little bit of red wine was not a big problem for them.

When it was almost over, Wang Shaohua went to the bathroom. The bathroom of this French restaurant was quite exquisite. Not only was it clean, but there was also no unpleasant odor. It even emitted the smell of cologne. In his tipsy state, smelling this faint cologne scent made Wang Shaohua feel quite comfortable. The feeling of opening the tap to release the water was much more comfortable than before.

Halfway through the urinal, he suddenly smelled a strong smell of smoke, which ruined most of Wang Shaohua's mood. He couldn't help but turn his head to look. A man with a cigarette in his mouth was smoking. His hands untied his waistband and he had already walked to the urinal next to him.

Wang Shaohua, who had drunk a little, was a little slow to react. He frowned and stared at the man. After a while, he realized, "Damn!"

"Isn't this Dong Chengwei, Secretary Dong?"

Dong Chengwei was also dumbfounded. He met Wang Shaohua in the toilet. What the hell was going on?

Seeing Wang Shaohua looking at him with a little anger in his eyes, as if he was blaming him for smoking, Dong Chengwei, who had been holding back all night, was a little angry.

Tonight, Dong Chengwei came to see Chen Ze with his old classmate who worked in the bank. Dong Chengwei wanted to take this opportunity to get to know Chen Ze and build a relationship with him. In the future, if Chen Ze's real estate company needed it, he could provide great convenience to him and build a closer relationship with him. But he did not expect that when he came with his old classmate today, he found that the head of the Construction Committee, his immediate superior, Secretary Liu, was also here. This made Dong Chengwei embarrassed.

The head of the Construction Committee was the secretary of the Party Group, and the second head was the secretary of the Party Committee of the organ. The difference in rank was not big, but the difference in power was huge. Meeting the head of the Construction Committee on such an occasion was almost equivalent to colliding with the head of the Construction Committee. Dong Chengwei was naturally annoyed. He texted his old classmate at the dinner table, complaining that his old classmate did not make it clear in advance. But the other party was also very innocent. He did not know that Chen Ze had invited the head of the Construction Committee, and Chen Ze did not tell him about this at all.

In fact, in the eyes of Chen Ze, Dong Chengwei's classmate was just a middleman. Chen Ze hoped that the pace of mortgage loans for the real estate could be faster and the speed of loans could be as fast as possible, so he proposed to invite him to dinner and talk. But for Chen Ze, he would not waste energy just eating with such a middleman. His social level was already very high, so he naturally contacted the other two people from the municipal government, thinking that this time, he could get through the links from the loan to the construction of the six pieces of land. This kind of thing often happened in the high-end circle, but he did not expect that today at the dinner table, the head of the Construction Committee and the second head of the Construction Committee would bump into each other.

From the moment he saw the head of the Construction Committee, Dong Chengwei regretted it so much that his intestines turned green. It was a big taboo for him to take the initiative to build a relationship with the Construction Committee. But since he was already here, he could not leave as he pleased. He could only sit at the table obediently and did not dare to speak.

After eating with everyone for a long time, Dong Chengwei did not dare to breathe loudly. In addition, he was already addicted to smoking, so he wanted to smoke so much that he almost went crazy. But because Chen Ze, a big shot and the Construction Committee's leader were all present, he was relatively reserved and was too embarrassed to go to the toilet to smoke. After holding it in for a long time, he finally could not hold it in anymore, so he ran to the toilet to relieve his kidney. Coincidentally, his addiction to smoking had been scratching his heart and liver, so he could not wait to light a few puffs as soon as he entered the door. Then he met Wang Shaohua's eyes and felt his inadvertent questioning eyes, which naturally made him even angrier.

When Wang Shaohua found that it was Dong Chengwei who was smoking, he instinctively put on a slightly mechanical smile and said awkwardly, "Hello, Secretary Dong."

Unexpectedly meeting in the toilet, the whole scene was a little awkward. Dong Chengwei put on a fake smile and said with a cigarette in his mouth, "Shaohua, it's you. What a coincidence!"

Wang Shaohua continued to be embarrassed and said, "Yes, Secretary Dong, what a coincidence."

Dong Chengwei was unhappy and a little surprised. Wang Shaohua had just been criticized and suspended. He also asked Ma Bingliang to investigate his financial situation in private. He did not expect that he would come to such a high-end restaurant to eat as if nothing had happened. He was really a big shot.

So Dong Chengwei asked him curiously, "Shaohua, do you have a social engagement here?"

Wang Shaohua could only bite the bullet and said, "I'm treating others to dinner. What about you, Secretary Dong?"

Dong Chengwei thought to himself, "You are really a big shot. A meal here costs at least one or two thousand per person. How much is your monthly salary? Why are you spending so much?"

It seemed that what Ma Bingliang said was true. Wang Shaohua must have financial problems.

Dong Chengwei thought so in his heart, but on the surface, he replied calmly, "Private entertainment, with a few friends."

After all, it was a little high-profile for him to eat on such an occasion. Although it was not his own money, Dong Chengwei still instinctively wanted to keep a low profile.

Wang Shaohua did not think much about it. He knew that it was not appropriate to chat on such an occasion, so he turned around and left.

After leaving the bathroom, Wang Shaohua did not think much about it. He returned to his seat and continued to chat with Li Mu.

At the dining table, Su Yuehua suddenly remembered something and asked Wang Shaohua, "By the way, I heard that the municipal government has a meeting today?

Has your unit organized the mobilization? "

Wang Shaohua felt a little bitter in his heart and shook his head. "Not yet."

Su Yuehua said, "If the route map of Line 10 is announced, you will be very busy, right?"

Wang Shaohua thought to himself, "Busy my ass. I have nothing to do for the next month, but he still said," Yes, the route map will be announced soon. "

Su Yuehua nodded and said to herself, "Then you will be very busy."

As the two talked about this topic, Li Mu remembered that Wang Shaohua worked in the Construction Commission. He did not know much about the ownership and division of responsibilities of municipal construction. He asked curiously, "Uncle Wang, is the subway also under the jurisdiction of your Municipal Construction Commission?"

Wang Shaohua waved his hand with a smile and said, "Of course not. Yanjing Subway is under the control of the municipal government. Line 10, Line 8, and the airport line are all Olympic projects. To be exact, even the municipal government can't make the decision. We are just a supporting department. After the subway map is finalized, the municipal government and the Olympic Organizing Committee will be in charge of the underground, and we will be in charge of the surface."

Li Mu nodded and roughly understood the role that the Construction Commission played in this. Although the subway was not under their control, they should still be in charge of the construction of the surface buildings. If Wanying Group had needs in this area, he could also ask Song Liang to try to contact Wang Shaohua.

Li Mu did not want Wang Shaohua to help Wanying Group, but he knew that Chen Ze would definitely help Wanying Group get through all the links, and with his identity, he would definitely be able to reach the core leadership of the municipal government. Moreover, Wanying Group had six pieces of land, so it was inevitable that they would have to deal with the Construction Commission. If he could bring Wang Shaohua along, it would be equivalent to tying him to the core leadership of the Construction Commission, which would definitely bring him some convenience in the future.

Seeing that the dinner was almost over, Wang Shaohua went to pay the bill with his card. Li Mu lowered his head and fiddled with his phone. Suddenly, he heard someone call in front of him, "Little Mu."

Li Mu looked up. Hey, what a coincidence, it was Song Liang.

Then he looked at Chen Ze standing next to Song Liang. At this moment, Chen Ze and Li Mu looked at each other. Chen Ze walked over with a face full of surprise and said, "Why are you here?"

"Let's eat."

Li Mu did not know whether to laugh or cry. Seeing that there were a few middle-aged people beside the two of them, he could not help but ask, "What are you two busy with?"

Chen Ze smiled slightly and said, "Eating with a few friends for Wanying Group. What about you?"

Chen Ze knew that Li Mu did not have time to deal with Wanying Group, so he did not intend to introduce the few people beside him in detail to Li Mu. Su Yuehua saw that Li Mu had met an acquaintance, so she could not help but turn her head and look. At a glance, she recognized Secretary Liu who was standing not far behind Chen Ze.

Secretary Liu was in his fifties. He was slightly plump and seriously bald. He was the head of the Construction Commission. Su Yuehua naturally recognized him, but she had not seen Dong Chengwei before.

Su Yuehua was shocked. She did not understand why Li Mu's friend would eat with her husband's big boss. When she looked up, her husband had already paid the bill and walked back.