Chapter 1280

The overall pace of domestic real estate development was much faster than the pace of national income growth. This kind of economic structure, where housing prices were first, also caused the majority of domestic real estate developers to develop commercial real estate and demand houses. Therefore, under normal circumstances, good locations were either large shopping malls or high-density residential buildings. Non-demand houses like villas would generally spread to the surrounding suburbs.

Take Yan Jing for example, there had been no land to build villas in the Fifth Ring Road for a long time, and the only villas were all out of print. This was why a villa would be sold for hundreds of millions or even billions of yuan in the future.

Song Liang was also well aware of this rule, so he had the idea of developing his own villa. If a land suitable for building high-density residential buildings was used to build a villa, the cost price would be extremely high. It was estimated that no one would be able to afford such a villa at that time, and even if they could afford it, they might not be willing to buy it.

However, with the shares of Yan Jing Wanying and Makino Technology, Song Liang no longer cared about the real estate market in Haizhou, a fifth-tier city. Originally, he needed to carefully analyze and carefully position the real estate market in Haizhou. At this time, in his opinion, the real estate market in Haizhou had become a place where he could decorate his own yard at will. At an unimaginably high cost, building a few high-quality villas for himself and Li Mu was just an extreme pursuit of life. Whether it was him or Li Mu, they could afford it.

Li Mu was also very interested in his idea. There were many high-end custom-made villas, but there were very few that could be built in prosperous areas. Haizhou was the place where his parents had struggled for decades, and it was also the place where he was born and grew up. His family had an inseparable homesickness for this city. If it was really as Song Liang said, building a few high-specification, high-quality, private and safe villas here would be very practical for himself and his family.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately made the decision and said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, you coordinate the details. Just give me a total when the time comes."

"What total?" Song Liang waved his hand. "We brothers don't need to talk about this.

At that time, I can directly add the cost of six villas into the whole project. It's nothing more than a little less profit for the project. "

Li Mu said, "This is not appropriate. Business is business, private is private …"

Song Liang said seriously, "This matter, public and private have already been mixed together.

Without you, Haizhou Wanying would not be where it is today. You are the company's biggest benefactor and benefactor. Privately, Haizhou Wanying's biggest shareholder is me, followed by Chairman Ye who brought me into the industry. He has always been grateful to you for letting him in on the Yanjing Wanying's project. That's why he keeps telling me that he doesn't know how to repay your kindness. To be honest, he doesn't owe you as much as I do.

Without you, I, Song Liang, would only be a bumpkin in the real estate business in Haizhou. I wouldn't even have the ability to build a relocation community in Yan Jing, let alone go to Yan Jing to build a real estate project worth tens of billions of yuan. "

Li Mu said, "Brother Liang, there's no need to care so much between us. When I first started my business, you helped me a lot. Also, you have always helped me take care of my family in Haizhou. We are not only partners, but also friends and brothers, so you don't need to be so careful. We make money together. There's no need to say who helps who and who owes who." Song Liang said with a smile, "Since we are brothers, don't be polite with me here.

Song Liang said with a smile, "Since we are brothers, you don't have to be polite with me here. To tell you the truth, I have already begun to take action on this matter. I just wanted to tell you that the first version of the villa design has come out. I will send it to you some other day. If you have any ideas, you can modify the design on the basis of it. At that time, I will directly instruct the people below to transfer the property to your name. It doesn't matter whether you accept it or not. These three villas will definitely be under your name in the future. You have to believe me. I can do this with a phone call from Haizhou."

Li Mu nodded and said readily, "Okay, Brother Liang, then I won't stand on ceremony with you. You can decide on the matter of the villa. I'll just wait to enjoy the fruits of your labor."

Song Liang smiled and snapped his fingers. "Just wait and see. At that time, these six villas will definitely be the only luxury villas in Haizhou!"

…

This year's New Year's Eve dinner was the most lively one that Li Mu had ever experienced in his two lives.

The relatives of the Li and Xiao families all gathered together. Several generations of people were lively and happy together. It really looked like a big family with a flourishing family.

In Li Mu's view, not only had the two families never been so harmonious, but even the members of the Li and Xiao families had never been so harmonious. At the dinner table, there was no comparison and cynicism. Instead, there were common topics and goals about life and career.

For example, First Uncle's family no longer bragged about how much money they had made or how bright their daughter's future was. Instead, they talked about how the clothing business would continue to develop, how hard everyone would work in the new year, and how they would work together.

Little Aunt didn't have to rush to cater to anyone or belittle anyone. She was also not as narrow-minded and calculative as before. At the dinner table, apart from being enthusiastic about the new year's business like First Uncle, she also took the initiative to suggest that the Xiao siblings buy a house in Nanhai Province for Li Mu's grandparents so that they could spend the winter in the warm Nanhai every winter. This was completely unimaginable in the past.

All of a sudden, all the petty thoughts and emotions between relatives seemed to have disappeared. The whole dinner table was filled with all kinds of positive energy. In Li Mu's view, this was really rare.

Only then did Li Mu finally understand why there were always many famous "big families" in the past and present, but most ordinary people rarely had the concept of "big families".

Take Li Mu's parents' family for example. They were quite prosperous. Every family had several children in their parents' generation, and they each had their own branches and leaves. But before this, Li Mu had never thought about anything related to the family level through the Li family or the Xiao family. In the past 30 or so Spring Festival, most of the time, it was Li Mu's family of three who celebrated it. Very rarely, Li Mu and his parents would go back to their hometown to spend the New Year with his grandparents at his uncle's house. Because his uncle's family was poor, it wasn't convenient for the family of three to live together. Therefore, every time they went there in a hurry and came back in a hurry. This kind of rush was somewhat embarrassing, so they couldn't feel the atmosphere of a "big family" at all.

In the past, every branch of the family tried their best to build a platform that could accommodate the family of three. Even so, many families found it particularly difficult to support it. At that time, the family had no cohesion at all, and even had no intention or motivation to unite.

Now, his parents finally had the ability to run a relatively successful and substantial business. They built a platform that was big enough to accommodate all the people in the two families. At this time, the bloodline of the family had the appearance of a real family.

Therefore, in order to become a truly great family, it was not only necessary to have a prosperous population, but most importantly, the family had to have a strong economic foundation. In reality, there were very few great families that relied entirely on kinship, and the fundamental reason why most great families could be maintained was because they had enough benefits to drive them, and the channels through which they obtained benefits had to be passed down from the same source.

At present, almost all the relatives had formed a community of interests with Papa Lee and Li Ma. The best thing was that Papa Lee and Li Ma were of the same generation as other relatives, which could avoid the emergence of the mentality of absolute dependence to the greatest extent. If the economic lifeline of a big family was controlled by the elders, it would be difficult for the peers to get along with each other. The biggest possibility was that they would be united on the surface, but actually at odds with each other. The most important reason was that all the younger generations would take it for granted when they asked for benefits from the elders. Even a son who was just eating and waiting to die would have enough reasons to support him and ask his parents for help, because he felt that his parents had the obligation to give him enough help.

Many such families would inevitably have internal strife, and there was no way to get rid of parasites. The whole family was completely dependent on the elders. Once the elders passed away, the whole family would immediately fall apart.

However, if the economic lifeline of the family was controlled by the peers, the situation would be completely different.

Whether it was Li Mu's uncle, aunt, uncle or aunt, they all knew very well that Papa Lee and Li Ma had no obligation to provide benefits for them. The reason why they were allowed to come to this platform was that, on the one hand, it was out of kinship, and on the other hand, it was because they needed enough helpers on the business level. Since Papa Lee and Li Ma had given them this opportunity, they naturally could take it back. Therefore, they had to be single-minded, or else they might be eliminated at any time.

As long as everyone could ensure that their goals were the same, their hearts were united, and their efforts were focused on the same thing, the family would be able to prosper in the long run.

In order to ensure that the two families could be more united, Li Mu announced his two decisions at the table of the New Year's Eve dinner.

Li Mu's first decision was that he would bring in the resources of Harvard for the two families to use. These resources could ensure that the younger generation of the two families would have the opportunity to study abroad in the world's top universities in the future. Li Mu also promised that as long as the overall performance of the younger generation of the two families was acceptable, he would provide this part of the resources for them to use. At the same time, he would pay for all the expenses of studying abroad.

For the two families, as long as they performed well in this family system, it would not be a problem to make money in the future. It would not be difficult for them to send their children abroad to study. However, if they wanted to send their children to a top university like Harvard, money alone was far from enough. If the children relied on their own efforts, it would be even more difficult. Therefore, this decision of Li Mu's was extremely attractive to both families. In this way, the children did not need to be absolutely outstanding. As long as they were not bad, they could study at Harvard.

Li Mu's second decision was that he would set aside a certain amount of shares in the future investment fund for the two families. It was similar to the investment fund rules that he and Chen Ze had set for the CSC Club. In the future, in addition to following his parents to make money, they would also have the opportunity to indirectly follow him to make money. The rate of return on this kind of investment would be very high. With Li Mu's ability and control of the future development of the Internet industry, it would be too easy for him to invest in some reliable projects and earn more than a hundred times the return within three years.

Since the future investment fund would all adopt Li Mu's own inferior model, other participants would not enjoy the actual rate of return. Therefore, in front of his family and relatives, he did not make the investment rate too scary. He only promised his family that if they participated in his investment fund, he would at least guarantee them a net return of ten times in three years and twenty times in five years. In other words, if they invested one million, Li Mu guaranteed that they would get ten million after three years and twenty after five years.

Even this rate of return was enough to frighten everyone present.

Without waiting for them to ask, Li Mu continued to say that he would specially set up an investment fund for the two families. However, not everyone would have the opportunity to participate in it. Even for those who had the opportunity to participate, the amount of money they could participate would be different.

The fundamental factor that determined whether they had the opportunity to participate and how much they could participate was how effective they could be in the business that his parents had established.

In Li Mu's words, as long as one was wholeheartedly in this business and did not have any disloyalty, he would have the opportunity to participate in this investment fund. The greater the contribution to this business, the higher the investment amount of the investment fund would be.

At the same time, if someone were to be disloyal and help another, not only would the investment fund have nothing to do with him, but he would also be resolutely kicked out of this business.

Li Mu knew how difficult it was for his parents to bring the two families together to perform on the same stage and eat at the same table. The reason why he made these two decisions at the dinner table on the New Year's Eve was to help his parents maintain this harmonious state for a longer and more stable time.

Among them, Harvard's resources were ready-made. Although it was not a big deal for Li Mu, for the two families, this was related to whether their next generation could have the opportunity to receive the world's top education. It was very significant.

As for the investment fund, it was actually easier to operate. Li Mu only needed to set up an investment fund with a fixed high rate of return for his family. While he was eating the meat, he was helping his family to drink the soup. This was also a piece of cake for him, but for his family, it might mean a once-in-a-lifetime way to make a fortune.

Li Mu was willing to open these two kinds of resources for the two families to use, but at the same time, he clearly made his own requirements for the two families. This requirement was none other than to follow his parents wholeheartedly. If they could do this, they would have everything. If they couldn't do this, they would have nothing.

Although Li Mu was the younger generation, his current economic strength was far beyond that of the other people in the two families. It was precisely because of his absolute strong capital that Li Mu stood out and offered his big stick to the two families.