Chapter 656

Li Mu was silent. He just stared at Huang Jinli with a hint of ridicule and disdain in his eyes, which made Huang Jinli's hair stand on end.

Huang Jinli was in her forties this year. She was the only student in the Huang family who had received higher education. She had followed Huang Jinxiao in the business world for so many years and had seen a lot of ups and downs. However, this was the first time that she showed fear in front of a twenty-year-old young man.

At this moment, she was not worried that Li Mu would blackmail her, but that Li Mu would refuse to the end. If he really refused to the end, there would be nothing to talk about. When the matter reached the media and Li Mu's Makino Technology, it would be known by the whole country. At that time, the Huang family could prepare to send the old man and the young man to prison.

Li Mu tapped his fingers on the table and said, "I understand what you mean. You want to protect Huang Jinxiao. You are afraid that if I make a big deal out of this, Huang Jinxiao will also be implicated."

Huang Jinli did not explain. She nodded and said, "I know that I can't hide this from you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Huang Jinxiao, Mr. Huang's style of doing things is very famous in Yan Jing. If I say that he is vicious and ruthless, you won't quibble for him, will you?"

Huang Jinli said, "You may have some misunderstandings about my brother. He is actually a law-abiding businessman, and every year for the country …"

"That's enough."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Since you came to talk to me, you must respect me as an adult. Since we are adults talking to each other, don't talk about those superficial things. The reason why I hit him today was because he threatened me in front of the police. He threatened me with my family and girlfriend, so I couldn't bear it and hit him."

Huang Jinli said with a smile, "He is used to being high-profile. He does things and speaks in a strong manner, but he definitely has no malice in his heart …"

Li Mu suddenly frowned. He looked at Huang Jinli and did not say a word. He felt that Huang Jinli should be more mature than him at such an old age. If she really wanted to solve the problem, she should not keep saying these meaningless words that he would never believe. Was there any meaning in helping Huang Jinxiao clumsily?

Unless …

Li Mu suddenly became a little alert.

Huang Jinli was stared at by Li Mu, but her eyes were a little evasive.

Li Mu suddenly smiled and looked at Huang Jinli. She was wearing a Chinese-style short-sleeved shirt and a long skirt. It seemed that there was no place to put things, but she had an LV handbag in her hand, so he said, "Well, Ms. Huang, I'm a suspicious person. Before we talk about serious things, let's show our sincerity first. This is the first time I've met you, and I don't know anything about you. Can you show me your bag?"

As soon as Li Mu said this, Huang Jinli's expression instantly became a little nervous. In Li Mu's view, her nervousness was the manifestation of a problem, so he basically concluded that Huang Jinli had some kind of recording device in her bag to capture some flaws in his words.

Huang Jinli's expression changed rapidly. She stared at her bag nervously and vigilantly for a long time. Then she looked at Li Mu. Seeing that Li Mu was looking at her, she hurriedly looked away.

Li Mu's expression instantly turned cold. He said, "Ms. Huang, it's not fun to play like this. Forget it. You can go back."

Huang Jinli hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, don't misunderstand."

As she spoke, she opened her handbag and poured out all the things in it in front of Li Mu. There was a Sony recording pen, and it was in working mode.

Huang Jinli took the initiative to turn off the recording pen and explained, "I am just trying to protect myself. Mr. Li, don't misunderstand."

Li Mu took the recording pen, sneered, and said, "I know what you are thinking. You have been passive to the point where you can't be more passive, so you want to keep some weapons to disgust me. If the situation can't be reversed in the end, you can also take out the recording of you negotiating with me to disgust me. Anyway, there is nothing to lose. Try to win back as much as you can."

Huang Jinli hurriedly said, "You misunderstood Mr. Li. I didn't mean that …"

Huang Jinli's mouth was quibbling, but in her heart, she was filled with regret. She even cursed Wu You half to death.

He said, "CEO Li, since we've already prepared for the worst, we have to think of a way to counterattack. If Li Mu tries to negotiate with you, try your best to lead him to say that he's only interested in money and the law. Also, remember to absolve CEO Huang during the conversation. This way, if Li Mu doesn't agree to a settlement, we have to drag him down with us even before we die. Li Mu's positive image in front of the public is very strong and very precious. He probably won't be willing to see this kind of tainted recording spread. On the surface, he pretends to be righteous and upholds the law, but behind the scenes, he's using the law as a bargaining chip to negotiate terms. This will bring great harm to his image. When the time comes, a recording might be able to save him from the brink of death."

When the time comes, a recording might be able to save him from the brink of death. "Huang Jinli felt that Wu You had thought things through very thoroughly. Since they were going to negotiate, it would definitely be about how much money and conditions she would offer in exchange for Li Mu's disregard for the law. This did not even require Li Mu's agreement. As long as Li Mu brought up the conditions, it would definitely be a stain on his record.

However, Huang Jinli did not realize that Li Mu had actually guessed something from her words. She could only blame herself for purposely clearing Huang Jinxiao's name verbally. She had used too much force to clear Huang Jinxiao's name, which led to Li Mu noticing something was off.

Looking at the recording pen, Li Mu felt a lingering fear in his heart. At the same time, he secretly cursed Huang Jinli for being sinister and ruthless. If she had not been so open-minded and had not tried to clear Huang Jinxiao's name while tricking him, he would probably have fallen into her trap!

Li Mu slowly stood up and slammed the recording pen on the ground, smashing it into pieces. Then he stepped on the broken parts with his feet, making them even more fragmented. He said coldly, "Ms. Huang, you are really vicious."

Huang Jinli still tried to quibble, "Mr. Li, you really misunderstood. I never thought of …"

Li Mu waved his hand and sneered, "Blame me for thinking too much. Your Huang family should be looking forward to killing me now, right?

Especially President Huang. I think when he was in the hospital, he should have been thinking about how to kill me to vent his hatred. "

When Huang Jinli thought that her brother had indeed wanted to kill Li Mu in the hospital, she felt that things were very bad. If Li Mu could understand this, he would definitely have a deeper hostility to her brother. In this way, it seemed that Li Mu would not agree to let her brother go.

Just when Huang Jinli was almost desperate, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "Ms. Huang, let's be frank. From my heart, I hope to make this matter as big as possible. The bigger the matter, the better it will be for me, and the smaller the hidden danger in the future. But since we are all adults, there is a saying that children can distinguish right from wrong, while adults only talk about interests. Well, I will make a few conditions. If you agree, I will not expose the fact that Huang Jinxiao found someone to take the blame."

When Huang Jinli heard this, she felt as if she had been saved from a desperate situation. She hurriedly said, "Please say it."

Li Mu said lightly, "First, Huang Shuolun must pay the price he should pay. I want him to appear here before tonight."

Huang Jinli immediately said, "No problem. I promise you. As long as we agree on the conditions, I will let him come to the Western District Branch to surrender within half an hour."

Li Mu shook his head, "Surrender is impossible. He must be caught. If you let him come here to surrender, then the conditions between us will be invalid. The correct way to cooperate is that you tell the police where he is, and the police will catch him."

"This …" Huang Jinli's heart suddenly tightened. Wasn't Li Mu too cruel?

Did he really want to kill his nephew?

Before Huang Jinli said anything, Li Mu continued, "Second, you must pay the money. Not 20 million, but 50 million. 20 million will be given to the victim's family, and 30 million will be used to set up an anti-drunk driving fund. Not a penny less. But the money cannot be given to the victim and the victim's family through your hands."

Huang Jinli was stunned, "What does Mr. Li mean?"

Li Mu said, "It's very simple. You can't use the money to directly reach an agreement with the victim's family. You can use some channel to transfer the money to another company under my name. The 20 million will be donated to the victim and the victim's family. The remaining 30 million will be used by the company under my name to set up an anti-drunk driving fund.

The victim's family will legally give up any form of civil lawsuit against you. In other words, they will give up asking for any compensation in front of the court. "

Huang Jinli's back was drenched in cold sweat. He wanted the Huang family to pay the money, but he didn't want the Huang family to directly give the money to the victim's family. In other words, Li Mu's real purpose was to make the Huang family not understand the victim's family even if they paid the money. And after the victim and the victim's family got the money, they would give up the civil lawsuit. In other words, it would be meaningless for them to seek compensation in court. This was simply too vicious!

Huang Jinli was about to speak, but Li Mu stretched out his hand and interrupted her, "I have another condition. Let me finish first."

"Third, I want the land on East Third Ring Road. Don't be so surprised. I'm a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate, and I know that Hongzhu Group bought a new land there. I don't care what the market price is. Wanying Group will buy the land at the same price as the land you bought from the government. You have to sign the contract before tomorrow night, and the contract must state that Hongzhu Group will give Wanying Group a one-year interest-free period. The money will be paid after a year!"