Chapter 1609

Li Mu spent the entire afternoon taking William on a tour of the entire Makino Technology. Other than the core, highly confidential business and teams, he basically took him to see all the other teams and projects.

This prince of the British royal family was indeed very interested in the Internet industry. Most of the time, Li Mu could feel his absolute sincerity and seriousness. He could even feel his thirst for knowledge about many details.

After a day of exhaustion, Li Mu set up a banquet in the hotel and had dinner with William before sending him back to the hotel where he was staying.

When the motorcade was about to arrive at the hotel, Li Mu said to William, "The day after tomorrow, we're going to visit Renmin University. The school has already started. At that time, apart from visiting 3321 and giving a short speech to the students, I have an idea to discuss with you."

William hurriedly said, "Please go ahead, Li Zong."

Li Mu said, "I hope that you can become a link between the young people of China and Britain, especially the university students, and strengthen the exchange between the two countries at the university level. This way, the young people of Hua Xia will have a good impression of you."

William immediately nodded and said, "What do you need me to do? Just tell me. I'll do my best to cooperate."

Li Mu said, "Since this is a private visit for you, our first priority is to avoid arousing suspicion. Therefore, I hope that you can personally talk to a few of the top universities in Britain and pull some strings. See if they are willing to participate in this university exchange. If they are interested, then each university will give Hua Xia a certain number of exchange students every year to facilitate the exchange between the young people and let the university students of the two countries have a closer relationship."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "Of course, the overall strength of the universities in Hua Xia is still a bit weaker than that of the United Kingdom. Therefore, you can help me communicate with these universities. As long as they can provide more resources for Hua Xia in terms of exchange students and academic exchanges, then in the future, I will use Makino Technology to sign a targeted recruitment agreement with these universities and promise them a certain number of jobs every year. These jobs will be used to repay them. Moreover, these jobs will be spread all over the world, not just in Europe, but also in North America and Hua Xia."

Although Li Mu did not go to a good university in his previous life, he was very respectful of education. He also recognized the importance of education for the younger generation. Therefore, he very much hoped that more domestic university students could be sent to developed countries in Europe and America, so that they could have a chance to see the outside world, especially the more developed Western world. This was very important for their own improvement and future improvement.

Li Mu sent students abroad in the hope of broadening the students' horizons and cultivating better talents with the integration of Eastern and Western education. He also hoped that these students who had the opportunity to study abroad would eventually return to China and contribute to domestic enterprises and economic development.

Therefore, Li Mu also wanted to seize all opportunities to send more Hua Xia students abroad, just like how he wanted to send Hua Xia football players abroad.

Moreover, exchange students were different from international students. Exchange students were like flying a kite, which could be pulled back after it was released, but international students were different. International students were like flying a satellite. From the moment it was ignited and launched, no one knew if they would come back in the future.

From this point of view, Li Mu hoped to promote cooperation between exchange students rather than international students.

The reason for this mentality originated from Li Mu's regret for the outflow of talents.

In his previous life, Li Mu used to pay attention to a very small detail. Gao Xiaosong once mentioned a shocking matter in his own talk show. He said that there were tens of thousands of people in the alumni association of Tsinghua University in California, USA!

Just Tsinghua University alone had lost more than ten thousand top students to California, USA over the years. The number of top students lost to the US was estimated to be tens of thousands. After so many years, how many top students did Tsinghua University cultivate in total?

Tsinghua University lost so many, how many did Peking University lose?

How many did Hua Xia University of Science and Technology, Renmin University, and Fudan University lose?

Moreover, there was an even more shocking data.

Gao Xiaosong said that there were 17 students in his class in California. How many students were there in a class?

In a normal university, a class of 40 to 50 students was already very large. Even if it was 50 students, then the proportion of talents in a class going to California, USA reached an astonishing 34%. The proportion of talents going to the US should be more than 50%. Then, the proportion of talents going to overseas should be at least around 70%.

From this little bit of data, it could be seen how terrible the loss of high-end talents was.

If a large number of Hua Xia students could be sent out for a year, at most two years, then they could come back to continue their studies. At the same time, on this basis, they could use a longer period of time to strengthen their guidance. The possibility of this group of students staying in the country in the future would increase a lot.

Li Mu felt that it was not only necessary to send out Hua Xia students, but also to find a way to bring back the students who had already gone out.

Because of this, Li Mu had been actively working on the return of overseas talents. He intended to let more talents who had been lost to overseas return to the embrace of domestic enterprises through Makino Technology, and even return to the country for development.

William, who was at the side, did not know the real motive of Li Mu. He just felt that Li Mu was very particular about how he did things. When Li Mu did things for him, he did not ask for anything in return. But when Li Mu asked him to do things for him, Li Mu would give him something in advance. Li Mu would not treat him badly at all.

William was moved. He also nodded and said to Li Mu, "The employment position of Makino Technology should also be very attractive to these universities and their students. Because once Makino Technology goes IPO on NASDAQ, it is likely to immediately become the company with the highest market value in the world. Moreover, it is a high-tech company. In this way, it is very attractive to university students."

William was right. Even Apple, which later had the highest market value in the world, had never recruited any university. Students from Stanford, Harvard, and IT had racked their brains to get into Apple, but those who could really get in were few and far between.

Therefore, the future Makino Technology would be no less attractive to university students than Apple in the future, or even far more attractive than Apple. If any university had a fixed recruitment quota, it would indeed be something that could be bragged about.

At this time, Li Mu smiled and said to William, "This fixed recruitment quota is considered to be my private return to them. It is so that they will give you face on the surface and agree to have long-term academic exchanges and student exchanges with Hua Xia's universities."

William said, "Most of the universities are private. My family has a very close relationship with the owners of these universities. You can rest assured about this."

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction and said, "When you give a speech at the National People's Congress, you can personally announce this news. In this way, in the eyes of the people of Hua Xia, this is your act of returning a favor. It will greatly increase the young people of Hua Xia's good impression of you."

"Okay!"

William said, "I will contact the country after returning to the hotel and confirm this matter as soon as possible."

The first thing William did after returning to the hotel room under the escort of his entourage was to immediately call his father.

At this time, it was afternoon in the UK. The news of William's visit to Makino Technology was spreading on a large scale in the UK. The media and the people gave high recognition to this young member of the royal family.

William's image and persona were constantly enhanced, and the Windsor family was overjoyed. The Queen was happy all day. She read every report about William in person. The more she read, the happier she was.

When William called, his father, Charles, was reading an American media report on William on the Internet. This media said that William was concerned about education and the development of domestic high-tech enterprises at a young age. For this reason, he even specially went to Hua Xia to visit Li Mu, the founder of Makino Technology, and to fight for resources from Li Mu. This kind of responsibility was an example for the new generation of members of the royal family in constitutional monarchies all over the world.

While he was happy, William's phone call came. Charles hurriedly answered and asked, "William, how do you feel in Hua Xia?"

William said, "It's very good, Dad. Mr. Lee takes good care of me. I just had dinner with him and returned to the hotel."

Charles said with a smile, "Li Mu is really trying his best to help you build momentum. You must listen to his instructions and cooperate with him."

William said, "That's why I called. Mr. Lee just told me that he hopes I can take the initiative to strengthen the relationship between the students of the two countries. This requires me to make arrangements in advance for the exchange students of several universities in the UK."

"Exchange students?"

Charles asked, "Does Li Mu mean that he wants British universities and Hua Xia universities to have more exchange students?"

"Yes."

William explained, "Li Mu hopes to bring about academic exchanges between the young people of the two countries through me, so this requires exchange students from many universities. I need your help."

Charles immediately said, "This is no problem. I will help you communicate with the top ten universities in England. Each university will open dozens of exchange students to Hua Xia every year. This number should be enough, right?"

William said, "In short, the more, the better. Moreover, Mr. Lee's intention is that he will also provide certain subsidies to these universities in other aspects, such as the jobs of Makino Technology. If these universities provide him with more exchange students, he will also provide more jobs for these universities."

Charles immediately smiled and said, "This is even easier. I will contact them now and inform you as soon as there is any news."