Chapter 1579

President Chen accepted the offer relayed by Sun Jihai under pressure, and then begged Sun Jihai to help show weakness to Li Mu, hoping that Li Mu could be magnanimous and let him go in the face of public opinion.

Li Mu did not give him a way out because of his compromise. In his opinion, President Chen was bound to lose his reputation, which could be regarded as an example for future profiteers.

President Chen saw that Li Mu was not willing to let him go, so he could not wait to announce to the public that he had some misunderstandings with the Manchester City Club in the transmission of information, and that he did not mean to take the opportunity to extort money.

However, his explanation was useless at this time. The people had already determined that he was a full-fledged profiteer. Even if he finally gave up extortion, in the eyes of the people, the reason why he did so was entirely due to pressure, so he was still a downright profiteer in essence.

After Li Mu handed over all the subsequent contracts of Dong Fangzhuo to the CEO of the Manchester City Club for follow-up, he was ready to call his parents to report his whereabouts.

He called his mother directly. The first thing Li Ma said when she received the phone call was to tease Li Mu, "Oh, my son actually appeared. I thought you were lost."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Mom, you really know how to joke. Where's my dad?"

Nanny Li snorted and said, "Mom isn't joking with you. You've been running around the world all day without a trace. Everyone else is giving birth to a son. I think I've placed a satellite there."

Li Mu hurriedly smiled and said, "Mom, you are getting more and more humorous now. Hahaha, the satellite can't come back once it's put there, but your son comes back often."

"Really?" Li Ma asked, "Are you back in Yan Jing?"

"Yes, I just arrived not long ago."

Li Ma asked again, "When are you going home?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I'm going to the company to deal with something tomorrow. I'll try to get it done in two or three days, and then I'll go back to accompany you and dad."

"Oh, two or three days," Li Ma deliberately dragged her voice and said, "two or three days. Li Zong, you're free, but we're not."

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Mom, are you and dad going out of town?"

"Yeah." Li Ma said, "We have a business to discuss. We're going to Ning City to talk about an agent."

"How many days?"

"Maybe." Li Ma snorted and said, "Three to five days if it's early, seven to eight days if it's late."

"Oh my god, what's taking so long?"

Li Ma said, "It will only take one or two days before and after the business talk. Your father and I are going to Hangzhou."

"To Hangzhou?

Are you traveling? "

"You can say that. Ziqiu's mother called to invite us over, and I agreed."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll go to Hangzhou to see you and dad."

"What are you going to do? They didn't invite you." Li Ma deliberately quarreled with Li Mu.

Li Mu said awkwardly, "They didn't invite me, but I can also visit them!"

Nanny Li asked in a serious tone, "Will you keep your word?"

"Yes!" Li Mu hurriedly said.

Li Ma said with satisfaction, "Okay, mom will wait for you in Hangzhou. Your father and I will fly to Ningcheng early in the morning the day after tomorrow. After signing the contract, we will go to Hangzhou in the afternoon. Your Auntie Xie said that she will send a car to pick us up."

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Is it appropriate for me to go to Ningcheng or Hangzhou?"

Li Ma said with disgust, "Your father and I have business to deal with in Ningcheng. Don't make trouble for us. You can go to Hangzhou directly!"

Li Mu had no choice but to say, "Okay, then I will go to Hangzhou directly in the evening the day after tomorrow."

After hearing Li Mu's promise, Li Ma was satisfied. She said to him, "Then your father and I will wait to see you in Hangzhou. If I can't see you, I will really treat you as a satellite in the future."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Mom, don't worry. Your son is not a satellite, but a kite. You can pull the rope, and your son will come back …"

Finally, Li Mu managed to make his mother happy. Then, he hung up the phone and began to calculate his time.

He would go to Hangzhou in the afternoon the day after tomorrow, which meant that he only had tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and half a day the day after that to work.

He really had a lot of things to do at the moment. Tomorrow, he would go to the company to arrange a team to go to the UK, and then make the preparation plan for the launch of 3321 in the UK. Then, he had to learn about the recent progress of Makino Technology and Taobao. The project of Gubeishui Town had already started, and the project of the film and television base had also entered the final process of approval in the three places. He had to go to Wanying to have a good chat with Chen Ze, Song Liang, and Wei Lan.

While he was thinking about his work, Li Mu suddenly received a call from Zhao Ziqiu.

As soon as the phone was connected, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu in a careful voice, "What are you doing?

I'm not disturbing your work, am I? "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "No, I just came back from the UK. I'm in Ziyun Villa."

Zhao Ziqiu said in surprise, "You're back in Yanjing!" Then, she said with disappointment, "But I'm still in Hangzhou."

Li Mu was about to say that he would go to Hangzhou the day after tomorrow when Zhao Ziqiu said, "My mom asked me to call you and ask if you have time to come to Hangzhou in a few days. Because she invited uncle and aunt to visit, she wants to invite you to come with us."

Li Mu blurted out, "Okay, then I'll go there the day after tomorrow. What do you think?"

"Really?!"

Zhao Ziqiu didn't expect that Li Mu would immediately agree without hesitation. Her voice was filled with excitement and disbelief.

Li Mu said, "Of course it's true. It's a deal. I'll go there the day after tomorrow in the afternoon."

"That's great!"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Come to Hangzhou for a few days. If you go back to Yanjing, I'll go back with you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, I'll bring you back then."

Zhao Ziqiu said in a sweet voice, "If my dad doesn't agree, you have to put in a good word for him. Otherwise, I'm afraid he'll make me stay at home until school starts."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Don't worry, I'll apply to uncle."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Not apply, but fight for it. You have to take the initiative and be tough."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, don't worry. If Uncle Zhao doesn't agree, I'll take him by force."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "It's great that you have this determination!"

…

While Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were chatting on the phone, a new day of work had begun in the UK seven hours after Hua Xia.

Manchester City and Manchester United, two clubs that were very close to each other, also began a day of daily training.

Sir Ferguson did not sleep well last night. His mind was thinking about how to deal with someone who wanted to activate the liquidated damages clause for Cristiano Ronaldo.

Last night, the news of Li Mu's acquisition of the Manchester City team really shocked him. He almost immediately concluded that the club that was going to use the liquidated damages clause to poach Ronaldo was Manchester City, which was only a few kilometers away from him.

Manchester United's CEO, David Gill, also did not expect that the city team next door, which had not been very popular, would suddenly become Li Mu's private property. From the looks of it, the Manchester City team's rise would be very fast. It would not be long before he would be rubbed on the ground during the city derby.

Before he learned of the news last night, he still felt that selling Ronaldo was not a big deal. At least he made a lot of money and it was a very good deal. However, after the news was announced, he felt as uncomfortable as Ferguson when he thought that it might be Manchester City who bought Ronaldo.

If another Premier League team had spent 25 million pounds to buy Ronaldo, he could have claimed credit to the board of directors and said, "Look, we got a player and made more than 10 million pounds in half a month. Aren't I super awesome?"

Now, he could face the result of the board of directors pointing at his nose and cursing, "Is there something wrong with your f * * king brain?

Why did you agree to a contract with a liquidated damages clause?

Now that our future hope has been bought by Manchester City, where will we put our face in the city derby in the future? "

Ferguson himself was a cunning old fox. In order to drag David Gill down, he called George McMillan, who hated Li Mu the most in the McMillan family early this morning.

Ferguson was also a British aristocrat. He was also a second-tier KBE, so he had a wide network in the upper class and was well-informed.

He had long known that George McMillan had been beaten up by Li Mu in public at the Goldberg family's salon because he had pretended to be pretentious with Li Mu. He had also been fiercely rebuked by Prince William, which was considered a loss of face. He did not have to think to know that this guy must hate Li Mu to the core.

He was originally a member of Manchester United's board of directors and was very concerned about the development of Manchester United. He even specially came to watch Ronaldo train. Therefore, if he knew that Manchester United's future hope was about to be poached by Manchester City, he would be furious and would come up with a detailed plan to keep Ronaldo.

Ferguson's influence was far less than his. If he stepped in, it would be much more likely to keep Ronaldo.

George McMillan flew into a rage, just as Ferguson had guessed, when he learned of the news.

He even roared on the phone, "Li Mu can forget about buying any player from Manchester United!

Not only that, we will increase our investment!

An additional fifty million pounds!

We must not let Li Mu's Manchester City team surpass us in strength no matter what! "

After being beaten up by Li Mu, George McMillan dreamed of finding a chance to take revenge. But after thinking for so long, he did not know what chance he had to take revenge. After all, Li Mu's strength was far superior to his in all aspects, and he could not find any feasible entry point at all.

He did not expect that before he could take revenge on Li Mu, Li Mu would directly charge into the Premier League and buy a club in the same city as him. This was too f * cking pretentious!

If his Manchester City team really rose and then kicked Manchester United into a mess, wouldn't it be equivalent to him being hammered by Li Mu again?

I can't let him succeed no matter what!

First of all, I can't let him take Ronaldo away no matter what!

Li Mu, you want to take Ronaldo away?

Unless you step over my dead body!