Chapter 200

"That Li guy is too arrogant!"

In the private room of Anyuan Hotel, Huang Zhen cursed angrily. Chen Kai, the director of Xilan County's education committee, also had an ugly expression on his face.

Shen Dong added fuel to the fire, "That kid doesn't respect our county's education committee at all. No matter what my brother-in-law says to him, he doesn't buy it at all. He's despicable!"

Huang Zhen said again, "Director Chen, we can't wait for a rich man like this for a few years. Two hundred thousand in cash!

Tomorrow morning, he'll take the money from the bank and give it to the school. If we don't think of something and miss this opportunity, who knows when we'll have to wait for the next one! "

Chen Kai, who had been silent all this while, had a livid expression on his face.

He was the head of the county's education committee. An official from the Qingshui yamen was still an official. He invited him to a banquet, but he didn't buy it. This kid was too arrogant. So what if he was from Yanjing?

Casually taking out two hundred thousand yuan and giving it to over two hundred poor students in a middle school under his jurisdiction right under his nose. This was like someone giving a feast to hundreds of people in front of him while he was starving. He was only allowed to smell it but not eat it. Who would be anxious to death if he did that?

Chen Kai slammed the table and scolded, "This kid from Yanjing is too arrogant. It's also strange. Why did he go straight to Xilan High School?"

Shen Dong said hurriedly, "This kid was brought here by Xilan High School's first place in this year's college entrance examination. He's our county's second place."

Chen Kai nodded in realization. "So this God of Wealth was invited by a graduate from Xilan High School."

"That's right."

Chen Kai said, "Alright then. Let's meet up with that Xilan High School graduate first. Promise him some benefits and get him to persuade that Li brat. If that doesn't work, I'll personally go to the hostel he's staying at. I don't believe that he can really bypass us in Xilan and donate over 200,000 yuan!"

Huang Zhen said, "That kid looks very stubborn. F * ck, I'm afraid it'll be hard for him to convince me. We still have to make preparations. If he really goes to Xilan High School with the money tomorrow, what do we do?"

Chen Kai said coldly, "If we can't come to an agreement tonight, I'll personally go to Xilan High School tomorrow morning and stop this money no matter what!"

…

Li Mu and the others went back to the guest house. Liu Nian had an appointment with his father in the afternoon to give him the things he bought for his family and some cash. So, after returning to the guest house, he went out with the things he bought.

For dinner, Li Mu asked Li Yawei to book a relatively clean and ordinary restaurant. The group left the guest house and went to the restaurant for dinner. Liu Nian did not come. Instead, he found a roadside restaurant in the county and ate with his father. They ate early. Before the sky turned dark, Liu Nian's father had to rush home.

In a hurry, Liu Nian didn't have time to go back home to have a look. He felt a little sad, but he gave his father the money he had earned in the past two weeks and some things he had bought. There were about 2,000 yuan and a bunch of local specialties from Yan Jing.

Liu Nian's father asked if he had left any money for his living expenses. Liu Nian said, "I still have some income from tutoring next week. It's enough for me to spend. From now on, I'll send some money back home every other month."

Liu Nian's father said with some relief and some shame, "You've just started school and you're already earning so much money. You're much more promising than me. Your mother said that if your job as a tutor is stable, we'll build three tile-roofed houses next spring. I just don't know how long you'll last."

Liu Nian was very clear about his family's situation. The house they were living in was built ten years ago. It used to be a mud and straw house. Ten years ago, it was changed to a brick house. However, to save money, the roof was still made of straw. After a long time, it leaked everywhere. When he was at home, every time it rained, he would have to repair the roof with his father. The conditions were really too difficult.

"How much does it cost to build three tile-roofed houses?"

Liu Nian's father thought for a moment and said, "If we take down our old house and fix the old bricks, we can save a lot of money by buying bricks. We should be able to build it for around ten thousand yuan. We still have three to four thousand yuan left."

Liu Nian nodded lightly and said, "This year's New Year is on February 12th. We'll probably have our holidays in early February. If that's the case, there should be three months left. I'll try to earn ten thousand yuan before the New Year."

Hearing the figure of ten thousand yuan, Liu Nian's father's eyelids twitched. He originally didn't want to ask his son to help build a house, but the old house was really too shabby. It was impossible to rely on him to make money. Now that his son could make money, the family finally saw the hope of building a house.

Liu Nian's father sighed and said, "Lai, your father is useless. It's been hard on you."

Liu Nian smiled faintly and said, "Dad, don't say that. I'm a man now, so it's time for me to carry some burden for the family."

After eating, Liu Nian watched as his father rode away on the bicycle his grandfather had left behind. Looking at his father's stooped body and the old bicycle that was obviously a bit too large, Liu Nian's heart was filled with sorrow.

Normally, if it didn't rain, it would take at least two hours to ride back from the county town. It had just rained in Xilan County today, so he would probably have to carry the bicycle to get through the road in front of his house, right?

When he thought of the hardships his father had to face on the road home, Liu Nian's eyes reddened and hot tears rolled down his cheeks and dripped onto the ground.

A moment later, he wiped away his tears and looked at his father's gradually disappearing figure one last time. He turned around and quickly walked towards the guest house with large strides.

The separation of family was a deep sadness, and the hardships of poverty were helpless pain. However, life was always developing in a better direction. At the very least, he could now support himself and support his hard-working parents.

Give me another four years, when I graduate, get a stable job, and settle down in that faraway city, I will definitely have the opportunity to bring my family out of this mountain cave.

When Liu Nian returned to the guest house, Li Mu and the reporters were eating at a restaurant about a kilometer away from the guest house. When he arrived at the door of the guest house, a familiar face suddenly appeared in front of him and blocked Liu Nian's path.

Liu Nian looked at Shen Dong in front of him and politely called out, "Principal Shen."

Shen Dong smiled and looked at Liu Nian, who was only 1.6 meters tall. He said, "Student Liu Nian, do you have time? I have something I want to talk to you about alone. Why don't we go to a teahouse nearby?"

Liu Nian said, "Principal Shen, if you have something to say, you can say it here."

Shen Dong smiled and said in a low voice, "I'm here to thank you on behalf of the school. Not long after you went to school, you brought back a rich person to our Xilan High School. Moreover, you donated 200,000 yuan. What a big deal."

"Then you should say that to Mu Ge face to face, not to me," said Shen Dong.

"It's just that Li Mu's words are too absolute, so it's not suitable to talk to him. Liu Nian, you're a top student from our Xilan County, so you definitely know how hard it is for those rural primary and middle schools in our county. If you want to talk about money, you should first give it to the people who need it the most, right?

You should persuade that Li Mu. If 200,000 yuan is given to Xilan High School, it can only be used to donate to more than 200 students. If it's allocated by our Board of Education, it can help at least 2,000 primary school students. You should be able to distinguish which is more meaningful, right?

“

Liu Nian wasn't an idiot. He knew what Shen Dong was planning, but his personality had always been more feminine, so it wasn't good for him to refute him. He nodded and said, "Principal Shen, what you said makes sense, but since Mu Ge has already decided to donate this money to Xilan High School, I don't have the right to interfere."

When Shen Dong saw that Liu Nian agreed with his point of view, he hurriedly struck while the iron was hot and said, "Student Liu Nian, Director Chen of the Board of Education said that whoever can put this money to the Board of Education to benefit the rural primary school students will be a great contributor to our Xilan County's education and will receive a reward of 5,000 yuan!"

Liu Nian understood and said with a bit of anger, "You guys are really filthy!

This money is donated to the third year students in poverty to help them enter university. You guys are even thinking about this money. You guys are simply inhumane! "

After saying that, Liu Nian pushed Shen Dong to the side with both hands and went around him to enter the guest house.

Shen Dong stood on the spot for a long time before he reacted. This brat was actually as arrogant as that Li guy. What was the meaning of this?

Could it be that he really couldn't get this 200,000 yuan from the Board of Education?

Shen Dong was furious, but he couldn't do anything about it. He could only call his brother-in-law, Huang Zhen, and tell him that he couldn't handle it. The last method had to be done by him.

The last method was to find Li Mu and have a showdown with him. If the Board of Education wanted to stop the donation, they could only play the pity card and reputation card with Li Mu. However, if they took out the pity card of a rural school, Li Mu wouldn't buy it at all, so they could only use the reputation card as a lure.

He had to ask his brother-in-law, Huang Zhen, to come over and make it clear to Li Mu in private. If he donated the money to the Board of Education, the Board of Education could help him gain more reputation. If this method still didn't work, then there was really no other way.

After Li Mu arrived at the guest house, Liu Nian privately told him about his encounter with Shen Dong just now. Liu Nian said it angrily, but Li Mu didn't have any emotional fluctuations. On the one hand, he was used to it, and on the other hand, the food was much uglier than theirs.

However, what Li Mu didn't expect was that at nine o 'clock in the evening, Huang Zhen came again.

Huang Zhen found the room where Li Mu was and asked to talk to Li Mu alone. Li Mu said that there was no problem and asked the others in the room to leave first. Then he found an excuse to leave the room and borrowed a portable recording pen from Chen Lei. After learning how to use it, he put it in his pocket and went back to the room.