Chapter 330

Lin Ching-ah declined Jin Youquan's good intentions on the grounds that she had already booked her itinerary and hotel. She gave him an afternoon and a night to get to know Happy Farm, which had swept the internet in Hua Xia.

The second negotiation between the two was at ten o 'clock in the morning the next day. At nine o' clock in the morning, the game store of Happy Farm would be launched.

The warm-up for the game store's launch had reached its peak. Every user of Happy Farm knew about the launch of the game store. Moreover, every user also received another message: using Alipay, they could buy 10 yuan game bags at 1% price, which was just a dime.

Millions of users were waiting for the game store to launch. They had already registered for Alipay in advance, waiting to get the special game bag for 10 cents. There were also a considerable number of users with strong financial power, such as Lin Lin, who were looking forward to the game store's launch. Then, they would quickly spend tens of thousands of yuan to increase their level.

The technical and product teams of Makino Technology had always been worried about a problem. Once the game became unbalanced due to the emergence of paying users, a large number of free users would probably give up the game. However, Li Mu did not care. If he only opened up the structure of Happy Farm, then after a long time, paying users would indeed cause a great imbalance in the game, and it would also lead to a large loss of free users. However, Li Mu had a series of updates that had been developed. He would continue to improve the playability of Happy Farm, so that free and paying users could find a place for themselves in this game.

In fact, Happy Farm and QQ Farm did not have a long lifespan. However, there was a mobile game called "Cartoon Farm" that lasted for a long time. This game was released by the famous Finnish mobile game company, Supercell. When mentioning Supercell, one could think of many classic mobile games. "Battle Royale", "Clash of Clans", "Raiders of the Island", and other well-known mobile games were all developed by them. Among them, "Cartoon Farm", which was launched in 2012, was actually reinventing the old farm game. It was deeply developed and integrated, and through excellent architecture, design, and development capabilities, it greatly expanded the playability of farm games. Li Mu had already released several versions of Happy Farm, and many of them borrowed from the success of "Cartoon Farm".

For example, in the future, farms would be integrated into ranching games, and it would not simply integrate farms and ranches together. Instead, it would add a processing link at the game level to realize the transition from agricultural products to livestock products. For example, farms could grow wheat and corn, and chicken farms could produce eggs. However, there was a new system between the two, and that was the processing link. Raising chickens required chicken feed, but where did the feed come from?

They could only build feed machines and grow the wheat and corn needed for the chicken feed. Eggs were not the final product. On one hand, they existed as goods that could be sold, and on the other hand, they were raw materials for many other products, such as biscuits, cakes, ice cream, and so on …

A complete processing system would be integrated into the game, and all the agricultural products and livestock products in the game would be completely linked together. Suddenly, the game would be much more interesting and playable. This was only one of the sections. This game would have another very interesting system in the future, and that was the business and sales between players.

Once the products of agriculture, animal husbandry, and processing industries became the raw materials for more advanced products, then the demand for raw materials would be abnormally huge. Not every user would be able to distribute their resources in a balanced manner. Therefore, setting up a trading system for agricultural products between players would allow users to trade raw materials and agricultural products with each other. Users would only be able to pay half the price of selling to the system. This way, users would be able to attract users to complete transactions with players and achieve deeper interactions in the game. Users would also be able to adjust their industrial structure in the game based on their own needs and positioning.

For example, if players did not want to painstakingly plant crops, produce animal feed, and raise poultry at the same time, then they could adjust their industrial structure, plant more profitable cash crops, purchase the cheap agricultural products needed for animal feed, and then continuously process the animal feed before selling the animal feed to the players who needed it. This way, they would be equivalent to the animal feed producer in the game. If some users focused on raising poultry, they could purchase animal feed from these users and breed them in large quantities.

Of course, the livestock and processing industry could not be limited to the chicken feed and eggs. Wheat could be made into bread, pigs could be raised to produce pork, cows could be raised to produce milk, and sheep could be raised to produce wool. This was the simplest first-level processing relationship. There were many more areas that could be explored. For example, if pork and bread were mixed together, it could be further processed into hamburgers …

Once players could trade with each other, it was equivalent to revitalizing the circulation of various raw materials and materials between tens of millions of users in the game world. This was equivalent to establishing a system that could revitalize the entire game world. Moreover, in order to strengthen the circulation of raw materials and materials, Li Mu even developed a system mission.

The routine of the mission system was to set up a small truck in the user's farm. The user would save up money to buy a small truck and start delivering goods. Every day, the user could receive ten different orders, and each order required different items. Most importantly, the reward for each order was much higher than the total price of all the items required. Moreover, the reward came with experience points. This way, it would stimulate the user to work hard to complete the mission in exchange for a higher reward. Moreover, the user could not rely on self-production to complete the ten different orders. They could only rely on trading with other users to gather the items required for the mission.

In this way, the relationship between players would no longer be about competing with each other. Instead, they would need each other. The higher the level of the cash players, the better the items they could produce. The products produced in their farms would be hard to come by for normal users. The cash players, on the other hand, would produce a large number of rare products that were relatively rare to normal users. They could only sell these products and exchange them for gold coins. This way, they could solve the problem for low-level users. Therefore, in the future, when this game developed to a certain extent, the attitude of normal players towards paying players would be one of dependence. If they did not have paying players in their friend circle, their path of development would be even more difficult. If they became a paying player in their friend circle, many friends would rely on them to achieve rapid leveling, which would give them an additional sense of achievement.

This was the structure of Li Mu's entire world. The future Happy Farm was interlinked and connected. Paying and non-paying users coexisted harmoniously, both inside and outside the game.

Just when Li Mu was full of hope for the future of Happy Farm, almost everyone in Teng Xun worked overtime and held a joint mobilization meeting.

At this meeting, Teng Xun's Vice President Guo Haiming announced a piece of news to nearly a hundred employees attending the meeting: the social game developed by Teng Xun, QQ Fisheries, had completed all the testing work and would be officially released the day after tomorrow. At that time, QQ would also release the latest version: QQ2002 beta 2. There was only one real difference between beta 2 and beta 1 that had just been released less than a month ago, and that was the addition of an entrance to QQ Fisheries on QQ2002 beta 2.

Ever since the establishment of Teng Xun's QQ Fisheries project, it had always been developed by the technical department. The development process was so tightly covered that even the other non-technical employees of Teng Xun basically did not know. Even the people of the QQ Operation Department did not know that the technical department had developed the beta 2 version.

Guo Haiming had his own reasons for covering up the development of QQ Fisheries so tightly. Logically speaking, there was no need to cover up this kind of thing too much, but the key was that the opponent they were imitating was Makino Technology. Back when they imitated ICQ, they did not even encounter such a strong counterattack from Makino Technology. When he thought of the few times when Q Bar exploded, Guo Haiming felt a chill down his back. When he thought of the huge investment and the server that could accommodate millions of people posting at the same time, Q Bar did not even have 100,000 daily users, almost becoming a big joke in the industry, Guo Haiming was even more afraid of Makino Technology's reaction after knowing about the QQ Fisheries game because this company was really too annoying.

In order to avoid being targeted by Makino Technology as much as possible before the launch, Guo Haiming asked the entire development process to be strictly confidential, for fear of causing trouble.

The most important reason why he announced QQ Fisheries in front of the whole company today was that the leadership decided to let QQ Fisheries take advantage of the good time of the launch of Happy Farm's Item Mall.

As for why they chose to launch Happy Farm's Item Mall as a good time, the main reason was that the senior management of Teng Xun believed that after Happy Farm's Item Mall was launched, it would hurt the feelings of the free users. Just when the free users were most resistant to the Item Mall, QQ Fisheries attracted these users with the gimmick of being permanently free, not selling game items, and creating an absolutely fair game environment.

First, they tricked users from other platforms with the gimmick of fairness, and when the users became loyal to their own platform, they would go back on their words. This kind of method was endless in the Internet field. Basically, it had existed since the day the Internet was born. Although it had been played by the industry, it was really very attractive to users.