Chapter 1604

Manchester City's third game ended in a perfect 4-0 victory, which shocked the whole of England.

Although Blackburn Rovers was a weak team in the Premier League, the Manchester City team itself was not strong. Therefore, such a big score gap was still very surprising.

Moreover, the Manchester City team's tactical cooperation in this game was very brilliant. They pressed Blackburn Rovers throughout the whole game and did not give the opponent any chance to breathe at all. Moreover, the quality of the four goals was very high, and the visual impact was very strong.

The game was played to its heart's content, and the key figures in it began to attract attention.

The first to receive the most attention was Prince William.

After all, he wore the Manchester City jersey and watched the whole game live, completely the performance of a die-hard fan. Moreover, he went to the players' lounge three times before, during and after the game to express his condolences, cheer and congratulate. He was almost the most involved of all the royal family watching football games.

Apart from him, the most attention was the young and handsome Ronaldo. He deserved to be the MVP with two goals and an assist in this game.

He personally created a penalty kick, personally took the penalty kick, and then sent an assist. In the second half, he did not miss the great opportunity sent by Dong Fangzhuo and scored another goal. Such a result was absolutely perfect for Ronaldo, who was starting for the first time.

The media's evaluation of Ronaldo's performance was almost all full of praise such as perfect, dream, genius, incredible, and such words, which suddenly made his reputation completely spread throughout England.

And Dong Fangzhuo, who was as young as Ronaldo and had just come on in the second half, made a wonderful steal and contributed an assist for Ronaldo, also received a lot of recognition from the media.

An 18-year-old Hua Xia, who came on as a substitute for the first time in a game, showed a lot of his strengths, such as physical fitness, field awareness, dribbling speed and passing ideas. Not to mention the other parts, just the part where he ran with the ball after the steal and accurately sent a pass to assist was enough to show that he was a player with certain strength and talent.

British fans did not know much about Hua Xia as a player. The only person that Manchester City fans might know was Sun Jihai. However, this time there was another face worthy of attention from Hua Xia. Compared with Sun Jihai, who was mostly active in the backfield, Dong Fangzhuo's speed, stamina and breakthrough ability were likely to play a more important role in the forward line in the future.

Football as a whole was an offense-oriented sport, so players who played offensive roles were often more valued.

After this game, the Manchester City team won three consecutive games and ranked first in the table. It was also ranked first in goals and goal difference. It was also a fantastic start for the Manchester City team this season.

Coupled with the help of Prince William, the exposure of the Manchester City team had increased a lot, making it the most watched team in the Premier League. It was also the team that the British media paid the most attention to, adding a lot of exposure to the Manchester City team.

…

After the game, Prince William immediately rushed back to London. The Windsor family had made all the preparations for him to go to Huaxia. They were just waiting for him to set off.

The next day, at five o 'clock in the afternoon in London, the business jet rented by the Windsor family took off from London Heathrow International Airport.

The plane carried Prince William and the three assistants assigned to him by the Windsor family. In addition to the four of them and the flight crew, there was also a corgi named Lucky. This dog was less than two months old. It was the first time for him to take a plane, so he seemed a little restless during the whole take-off stage.

In order to appease it, William put it in the seat next to him, for fear that it would be frightened or affected.

After a 10-hour flight, the plane landed at Yan Jing Airport at ten o 'clock the next morning.

Li Mu, along with several executives of Makino Technology and reporters from YY, went to the airport to greet William.

The embassy in the UK had received the news in advance about William's visit to China. They had also communicated with China. Even the Ministry of Foreign Affairs had communicated with Makino Technology to discuss whether it was necessary for the government to participate in William's visit to China. However, the result of the discussion between the two sides was to try to keep William's visit to China at the level of a private meeting and not to rise to the political level for the time being.

On the one hand, William was still too young to visit a sovereign country at a political level. On the other hand, Li Mu felt that it was better for William not to take the initiative to get involved in politics, because it would reduce the popular base that he had worked hard to cultivate.

Under normal circumstances, before a member of the European royal family got married, he was a child in the public and on the political stage. Under normal circumstances, he would not visit alone and must follow his father. This was the case for a ten-year-old prince to an adult prince in his twenties. Only after the wedding would he be an adult in the real sense, an individual who could assume a political identity independently.

Because the government had decided not to participate, the welcoming ceremony was very simple. Li Mu and the others entered the airport in advance and borrowed a hangar near Terminal 3 of Air China as the venue for the welcoming ceremony.

The staff had tidied up the hangar in advance. Other than that, they had only prepared a red carpet.

After the plane landed, it taxied all the way from the runway to the hangar under the guidance of the guide car.

When the pilot stopped the plane in the designated position, the flight attendants on the plane opened the door of the business jet.

As soon as the door opened, William walked down from the plane with the corgi named Lucky in his arms.

Li Mu was a little surprised. He did not expect William to bring a dog with him. His first thought was that this Prince William was really childish. Fortunately, the government was not involved at all this time. Otherwise, it would be a little awkward for him to carry a dog in front of the media.

When William saw Li Mu, he walked over to him with a smile on his face. The corgi in his arms seemed to be eager to go to the ground to have fun, so it kept twisting in his arms.

When he came to Li Mu, William carried the dog with both hands and could not even shake hands with Li Mu. He could only carry the dog with both hands and let the puppy face Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Mr Li, this is a corgi that grandmother asked me to bring for you. Its name is Lucky, and it's a little boy."

Li Mu was a little stunned.

This dog was given to him by the queen?

Damn, he was so busy that he did not even care about himself. How could he have the time to take care of a dog?

However, this dog looked quite cute …

After all, it was a gift from the queen. Li Mu was too embarrassed to say no. He could only take the puppy and said with a smile, "Please help me convey my gratitude to Her Majesty the Queen. I will definitely take good care of this puppy."

As soon as the dog entered Li Mu's arms, it began to lick his face. Li Mu could only dodge its tongue left and right. He sighed in his heart. This was really going to be a sweet burden in the future.

William said, "Lucky is the descendant of a shepherd dog that grandmother raised when she was young. Every dog of the same breed in Windsor Castle is basically her backer. Grandmother likes this breed very much, so I hope that Mr Li will like it too."

Li Mu suddenly remembered some of the scenes about the queen that he had seen in his previous life. The old lady did often run around with a group of corgis, which had basically become one of her trademarks.

This time, the old lady was really giving face by asking William to bring her own dog. Just like a normal grandmother to her grandson, the gift was not expensive, but the thought.

William said to Li Mu at this time, "Mr Li, grandmother also asked me to bring some gifts, but they are all on the plane. I will hand them over to you after I pass the test."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Thank you so much, Her Majesty the Queen is so generous."

William said, "Grandmother has often mentioned you since you came back. This time, she also asked me to tell you to go to England often when you have time."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, I will. If Manchester City can win the championship this year, I will definitely go to England."

William said with a smile, "I don't think Manchester City has no hope of winning the championship this year. That Cristiano Ronaldo is really strong. He is simply a future superstar."

After saying that, he added, "That Dong Fangzhuo is also doing very well. She will definitely have a lot of development in the future."

Li Mu nodded and said to him, "Thank you, William. You made a special trip to Manchester and Blackburn to cheer on the team."

William hurriedly said, "Mr Li, this is what I should do."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I won't say too many polite words. I will remember it in my heart. Come, let me introduce you to the main person in charge of our Makino Technology."

As he said that, Li Mu began to introduce several senior executives of Makino Technology behind him to William one by one.

Later, Li Mu said to William, "Let's go. I will accompany you through the customs formalities as soon as possible. I will send you to the hotel first, and then take you to the headquarters of Makino Technology for a tour."

William hurriedly nodded. He came this time to form a deeper bond with Li Mu, so he could not wait to follow Li Mu to Makino Technology to see more, learn more, and understand more.

Li Mu handed the puppy in his arms to Li Ziwei and whispered to her, "Ziwei, help me hold it first."

Li Ziwei took the puppy with a face full of joy and held it in her arms. She coaxed it like a child and said, "Little dog, why are you so cute!

What kind of breed are you?

Why are your ears so big, and why are your calves so short? "

Li Mu heard her whispering to the puppy and said with a smile, "This dog is called a Corgi, nicknamed Little Short Legs."

"Little Short Legs?" Li Ziwei said with a smile, "That's so vivid. His short calves are so cute."

When no one was paying attention, Li Mu whispered with a smile, "If you like it, I will let you raise it."

Li Ziwei asked in surprise, "Really?"

Li Mu nodded. "Of course, I don't have time to take care of it."

Li Ziwei then whispered, "No way, Li Zong. This is really a dog given to you by the Queen. You can't just give it away …"