Chapter 285

Xu Jiahua did not notice Li Mu. When he heard Tang Quan say "Bastard Li", he raised his head and looked in the direction of Tang Quan's eyes. The first person he saw was not Li Mu, but Li Zong, who was next to him.

Xu Jiahua frowned and said to Tang Quan, "Don't talk nonsense. I know that Li Zong. He's in the search engine business."

Tang Quan was stunned. He was surprised that Xu Jiahua would treat Li Mu as half a friend. When he looked again, he realized that Xu Jiahua thought he was talking about Li Zong, who was next to Li Mu.

So he hurriedly said, "I'm not talking about Li Zong. I'm talking about the kid next to him. Brother Hua, look again."

Xu Jiahua looked again and immediately recognized Li Mu.

"F * ck, so you're talking about him!"

Xu Jiahua had always held a grudge against Li Mu. He beat up Tang Quan in the bowling alley and really did not give him any face. But later, Tang Quan came to seek revenge and was beaten up and detained. Only then did he know that Li Mu had created 3321. With this gimmick, he became the darling of the leaders and the media. Although Xu Jiahua was a playboy, he was not a fool. After knowing this situation, he did not care about Tang Quan anymore. As for Li Mu, he did not want to pursue it.

But who would have thought that they would meet here today?

Xu Jiahua was also very unhappy. He stared at Li Mu for a moment, then his eyes suddenly glanced at the sign in front of him.

"Makino Technology..."

Xu Jiahua frowned.

The reason why Xu Jiahua came to the Internet conference today was because he had been looking for an opportunity to enter the Internet industry. But the Xu family's business had nothing to do with the Internet, and his own career had nothing to do with the Internet. So he wanted to make a name for himself at the Internet conference and see if there were any good investment opportunities.

Before coming, he asked a friend in the Internet industry what Internet companies were worth investing in. The friend said without hesitation, "Makino Technology."

Xu Jiahua, who did not know much about the Internet, did not know about Tieba. He lived a luxurious life and did not have time to sit in front of the computer to study the current Internet products. So he asked his friend what was good about this company.

The other party narrated the incident where millions of people flooded Q Bar on Tieba, adding oil to the fire. In the end, he concluded, "This company will definitely be the focus of public opinion for a period of time in the future. This period of time will also be their first real step to take off. Their future is limitless."

After listening to the ins and outs of the whole incident, Xu Jiahua was also very surprised. Mobilizing millions of people to start a war on the Internet, just thinking about it made people's blood boil. Even Xu Jiahua gave a word of evaluation in his heart: Awesome.

His friend said that the industry had their eyes on Makino Technology, and they should be financing Series B soon. If any VC could invest in Series B, with the speed of Tieba's development, it would at least quintuple in a year.

Five times in one year. This rate of return far exceeded Xu Jiahua's current real estate business. He had always been trying to make himself the brightest of this generation of the Xu family. Now that he wanted to completely leave his siblings behind in the final year, he had to think of a way to make a final sprint, and the Internet was the best opportunity he had found for this sprint.

Xu Jiahua's main purpose for coming here today was to get to know the person in charge of "Makino Technology," and then think of a way to invest in its Series B. But he did not expect that the person in charge of Makino Technology would be Li Mu, who he had a grudge against.

Xu Jiahua turned to look at Tang Quan and said seriously, "Come with me later to say hello, and apologize to Li Mu in person. Remember, you must be sincere!"

Tang Quan was dumbfounded.

Big brother, I'm counting on you to help me vent my anger, and you want me to apologize to him?!

Xu Jiahua's attitude changed very quickly. Before he saw the company nameplate in front of Li Mu, he felt no different from seeing a fly when he saw Li Mu. But when he saw the words "Makino Technology", he looked at Li Mu as the God of Wealth. Like Hui Ka Ming, he did not lack money, what he lacked was the money that he could earn with his own ability. Makino Technology was so popular now, he naturally did not want to let go of this opportunity.

What's more, Hui Ka Ming was sitting beside Li Mu, and this made him feel even more pressured. Hui Ka Ming's investment business was a mess now, and in Xu Jiahua's eyes, he was no longer competitive. However, it was not a good thing for him to be so close to Li Mu. If Hui Ka Ming invested in Makino Technology's Series B, then he would be a real threat to him.

It was because of this mentality that he used an unquestionable tone to say to Tang Quan, who had a look of disbelief on his face, "Go over now, and don't let me down."

“

Tang Quan panicked and said, "Brother Hua, it's not like you don't know how miserable this kid made me …"

Xu Jiahua asked him back, "You still can't swallow it?

“

Tang Quan blurted out, "Even if I die, I can't swallow it!"

Xu Jiahua frowned and asked again, "What if you can't swallow it?

Continue to seek revenge?

Have you forgotten how you were detained?

You usually have some connections in the police, how come after you offended Li Mu, not only did you get beaten up, none of your connections helped you? "

Tang Quan had a look of resentment, "Isn't it because this brat has that so-called 3321 backing him? Damn, I heard that after I was detained, even the leaders of the Ministry of Education went to inspect the work …"

Xu Jiahua said, "It's good that you know, people have to adapt to the circumstances. If Li Mu is not capable, you can trample him to death to vent your anger, but the reality is, even if you touch a finger of his, you will be in trouble, what's the use of being so stubborn?

“

Tang Quan said, "Count it as my bad luck, I will mind my own business with him, okay?

Why do you want to apologize to him? "

Xu Jiahua was a little angry, is Tang Quan crazy?

Is he so blind?

I asked you to apologize, can't you guess my real intention?

What a f * cking idiot!

Tang Quan saw that Xu Jiahua's expression was a little gloomy, and suddenly felt that he might have said the wrong thing. Xu Jiahua was not a good person, although Li Mu did not directly clash with him, but that time at the bowling alley could be said to have made him lose face. According to Tang Quan's understanding of Xu Jiahua, Xu Jiahua must have some resentment towards Li Mu, and today he unexpectedly asked him to apologize to him, there must be some ulterior motive. He looked at Li Mu, looked at the words "Makino Technology" in front of Li Mu, and carefully thought about the pros and cons, and finally understood Xu Jiahua's intention.

Tang Quan knew that Xu Jiahua originally wanted to test the waters of the Internet, and now it seemed that he wanted to get close to Li Mu. After thinking through this, Tang Quan also understood that Xu Jiahua asked him to apologize to Li Mu, he definitely could not refuse.

Although he was very angry, Tang Quan did not dare to disobey Xu Jiahua in this kind of matter, and could only follow behind Xu Jiahua, walking directly towards Li Mu.

Hui Ka Ming looked up and saw the sudden appearance of these two people, and his expression immediately became a little unnatural, thinking that under such an occasion, Xu Jiahua would not still want to find trouble with him, would he?

But unexpectedly, Xu Jiahua actually went straight to Li Mu, and brought Tang Quan to Li Mu, Xu Jiahua smiled and said, "Mr. Li, I didn't expect to meet you here again."

Li Mu looked up and saw Xu Jiahua and Tang Quan, and his brows involuntarily furrowed. He was surprised, he was attending an Internet conference, why would he meet these two people?

Did they have anything to do with the Internet?

At this time, Xu Jiahua smiled kindly and said, "Mr. Li, this little brother of mine has offended you previously, and I originally wanted to let him find a chance to apologize to you after he comes out, but I didn't expect to meet you here today."

As he said this, Xu Jiahua turned to Tang Quan and said, "Tang Quan, didn't you always say that you feel guilty towards Mr. Li, and wanted to find a chance to apologize to him?

Hurry up. "

Tang Quan's face was burning hot as he took a step forward. Bracing himself, he said to Li Mu: "I'm sorry Li Mu, it was all my fault before. You are a great man and do not hold it against me."

After saying this, Tang Quan's heart twitched. He was beaten up by Li Mu twice, and he did not gain any advantage, and was finally locked up, losing all his face. Today, in front of the culprit, he actually had to take the initiative to apologize, this kind of humiliation was unprecedented.

Li Mu looked at Tang Quan, and then looked at Xu Jiahua. These two were not good people, why would they apologize to him on a whim?

Could it be that they were the same as those people who gave him business cards, and actually had their eyes on Makino Technology?

Thinking about it, Li Mu faintly said to Tang Quan, "It's all in the past, pretend it never happened. As for us, let's just pretend we've never met each other, and give each other enough space."

“

The meaning was simple: Go away, I don't want to see you again.

Tang Quan was ashamed and angry, and did not know how to respond, when Xu Jiahua said, "Go to your seat first."

Tang Quan felt as if he had been pardoned, and quickly turned to leave.

Seeing that Tang Quan had left, Xu Jiahua took out his business card holder from his clothes, took out a glittering business card, and handed it to Li Mu with a smile. "Tang Quan is a brother of mine, I did not discipline him well, and I have to take some responsibility. How about Mr Li, when you have time, do me the honor of treating you to a meal as an apology."

Li Mu smiled, and said lightly, "Thank you for your kindness, but let's talk about it another day, I've been too busy recently."

Although Li Mu did not directly refuse, his attitude was enough to keep him at arm's length.

Xu Jiahua's expression did not change, he nodded and said with a smile, "No problem, after you're done with your work, it won't be too late to find another opportunity."

After that, Xu Jiahua looked at Hui Ka Ming, and said with a smile, "Jiaming, you didn't greet me when you saw me, are you still angry at your brother?"

Hui Ka Ming put on a fake smile and said, "Why would I? I was just afraid that I would disturb your chat with Li Mu."

Xu Jiahua smiled and said, "No problem, there's no need to be so particular between us brothers. Do you have time tonight?

Let's have a meal together as brothers. "

Hui Ka Ming said, "Sorry, I have an appointment tonight."

Xu Jiahua nodded and said, "It's fine if you have an appointment, do your work first, we can go out anytime."

After that, Xu Jiahua bade farewell to Li Mu, and turned to leave.