Chapter 1632

Throughout the history of the film, no film could reach the level of exposure of Flying Tigers before it was released.

Li Mu could be said to have put in a lot of effort for this film. Not only did he invest a lot of money, but he also invited the top production team and the leading cast in Hollywood. If that was all, Flying Tigers would not be special. More importantly, Li Mu had been doing great marketing for this film, and he had done it more than once.

At the beginning, in order to tear the fig leaf of The Last Samurai, Li Mu mobilized the Internet Water Army to set off a wave of opposition to extreme Bushido and face up to the history of World War II. It was also at that time that Li Mu launched Flying Tigers at the right time, making it completely the opposite of The Last Samurai. The Last Samurai was despicable, false, and sinister, which just set off the true historical label of Flying Tigers, which was aboveboard, selfless, and great. In that wave, The Last Samurai and the spirit of Bushido it tried to promote were defeated worldwide, and Flying Tigers won.

Then, Li Mu promoted the "Veterans Don't Die" charity event in Hua Xia, and even invited the members of the US Flying Tigers to Hua Xia, together with their comrades in Hua Xia, to Yun Province, where they had fought side by side with Hua Xia pilots. Whether it was the "Veterans Don't Die" charity event or the Flying Tigers' trip to Hua Xia, they had caused huge repercussions around the world, and the repercussions were still far-reaching. Not only Hua Xia and the people of the United States were paying attention to the veterans, but all the righteous countries that had suffered from the war in World War II had launched public welfare activities to pay attention to the veterans.

As for the Flying Tigers' trip to Hua Xia, in addition to the public welfare nature and historical significance of the event itself, Flying Tigers was simply the biggest winner. When the US veterans arrived in Hua Xia in the Air China 747 painted with sharks, the news media and people all over the world learned about the history of Flying Tigers, which brought huge promotion to Flying Tigers around the world.

Now, Flying Tigers had not yet finished filming, and Li Mu came to visit the set in person. He even put on a pilot's uniform to take such an exciting photo. This was simply bringing its own popularity to the extreme.

When Flying Tigers and several other leads' Twitter posts were sent out, this photo spread rapidly in the Internet world at the speed of light. Not only did many official accounts of the media repost it, but even many celebrities also reposted it spontaneously.

Hua Xia stars had the highest rate of reposting. They were not only giving face to Li Mu, but also expressing their patriotism. After all, this movie was almost completely in accordance with the official history, fully reflecting the outstanding contributions made by the United States and Hua Xia's soldiers to world peace during World War II. It also fully demonstrated the sacrifices and efforts made by Hua Xia to resist the Japanese invasion.

American celebrities were also extremely enthusiastic about reposting this photo. For them, this was also a very righteous aid action in the history of the United States. As Americans, they were also proud of this.

As a result, this photo, as well as the movie Flying Tigers, through the continuous enlargement of the entire society, became extremely popular on Weibo and Twitter, creating the highest record since the launch of Weibo and Twitter.

At this time, after Li Mu and several other leads' Twitter posts were sent out, it spread rapidly in the Internet world at the speed of light. Li Mu was enjoying a sumptuous dinner with the entire crew. Although the movie had not yet finished filming, this dinner was almost equivalent to a celebration party for the completion of filming.

The dinner was a combination of Chinese and Western dishes. There were American dishes cooked by the chefs brought by the crew from the United States, and there were local Yun Province chefs found by Hua Xia's team. The chefs from both sides were very skilled, and they worked very well together.

Ning Hao, who was the assistant director of the crew, knew that Li Mu was coming, so he deliberately paid out of his own pocket and sent someone to buy a few boxes of Maotai from Spring City. Fortunately, although Maotai was expensive in this era, it was not difficult to buy.

Seeing Ning Hao's Maotai, Li Mu slapped his forehead and lamented his negligence. He only thought that the celebration party needed champagne and red wine, but he forgot to prepare some good white wine for everyone.

Li Mu held a glass of champagne and thanked the core members of the crew one by one. He said, "Thank you all for your contributions to this movie during this period of time. I believe that everyone's efforts will be rewarded. Flying Tigers will definitely leave the most amazing mark in the world's film history!"

Everyone raised their glasses one after another, their excitement evident in their words.

Teamwork was the most inspiring thing. In the past few months, everyone had put in a lot of effort and enthusiasm for this movie. It was all of their efforts that they pieced together this film, which was expected to have a two-and-a-half-hour market time, frame by frame. After it was edited, it would be made into countless copies and sent to every corner of the world. Then, through the projector of the cinema, all of their efforts would be presented to audiences all over the world. This was the charm of the art of film.

Spielberg was particularly excited. The usually calm old Jewish man was now very excited. He was the director and screenwriter of this movie, so he had very deep personal feelings for this movie. In his eyes, this would be the peak of his film career.

Especially after Spielberg witnessed time and time again Li Mu generously and crazily guiding people for this movie, he was even more convinced of this view.

He was a big boss in the international commercial film industry, so he knew too well how important traffic and exposure were to a movie.

If every movie was a field of varying sizes, and the size of each field depended on the total investment of the movie, then the traffic and exposure would be the water source that nourished the field.

The water source that Li Mu brought to the field of Flying Tigers was almost equivalent to opening a dam and releasing water. This amount of effort had far exceeded that of any commercial film.

"Top Gun" had been strongly supported by the US military, and with the blessing of a big shot like Tom Cruise, it was already considered the best "water source" among the war-themed movies. However, compared to "Flying Tigers", it was simply insignificant.

Therefore, Spielberg was very grateful to Li Mu. If it were not for him, no one in the entire film industry could nourish a movie to such an extent.

He raised his glass and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, working with you has been the happiest experience of all my years in the industry. Thank you for all the help that you have provided for this movie, and I hope that we can work even more closely in the future!"

Li Mu clinked his glass with his and said with a smile, "Stephen, our cooperation in the future is bound to become closer. After this movie is released, you have to first postpone your next movie plan and come to Yanjing. Let's settle the matter of the acting school together."

Li Mu had always had a deep grudge against the fact that most of the domestic actors could not actually act. When luck was good, a movie or TV series would have three to five actors who could act, and the rest of the supporting actors or even extras would make the actors feel awkward and out of character. Even many actors who had so-called professional training could not reach the acting standard.

To reverse this situation, it was not possible to achieve it by increasing the requirements for them. They had been working in an environment with a large number of people in the industry for a long time, but not many people could act. This kind of environment was too friendly to them, because it was too easy for them to set off "not that bad" or even "not bad". To use an inappropriate analogy, they were like a group of able-bodied people in a group of disabled people. Because the overall competitiveness of the environment was very weak, even if they managed to graduate from the film academy, they could still run faster than most people when they came out.

However, if the overall level of the entire environment could continue to improve, or even use a more scientific method to provide a group of actors who could really act, it would not take long for these actors who could really act to become the demonic mirror for those actors who did not seek to improve themselves.

If there were ten young actors with acting skills in Hua Xia's film industry, the good days of those popular stars would be greatly reduced.

If there were a hundred such actors in Hua Xia's film industry, the good days of popular stars would come to an end.

Li Mu even felt that the reason why those popular fresh meats who could not act, sing, or dance could become popular was that most of the actors' acting skills were too bad. For the audience, since they were all bad actors, they might as well watch the beautiful ones.

If Hua Xia's film and television industry was as professional as Hollywood's, those popular fresh meats who had no popularity would basically have no chance of becoming popular.

Therefore, the School of Performing Arts had to be done, and it had to be done. It had to be done completely, and it had to be done like the best schools in China. It had to copy the actor training model of Hollywood, and directly bring in Hollywood talents to be in charge of teaching.

Of course, Spielberg remembered the agreement with Li Mu. He said almost without hesitation, "After 'Flying Tigers' is released, I will take at least half a year to help you build the School of Performing Arts."

The two clinked glasses lightly and drank it in one gulp. Then, Li Mu put down the glass and said, "Just in time, our film base in Yanjing has already started. When the time comes, our School of Performing Arts will be built in the film base. It can be considered as an additional project for the film base, making it more diverse."

After that, Li Mu looked at Tom Hanks and Leonardo and asked with a smile, "Are the two of you interested in being guest professors in our School of Performing Arts in the future?"

"Of course we are!" The two agreed without hesitation.

For stars, there were two kinds of people they liked to be close to the most. One was rich, and the other was with resources. This was an unchanging truth, whether it was in Hua Xia or Hollywood.

And Li Mu happened to be the richest and the most resourceful. Any actor who took the commercial route would not refuse the opportunity to work with him.