Chapter 931

It was one of the most important basic principles in the officialdom and the business world. Li Mu had made such a big promise to Ou Guangqing for the Entrepreneurship Competition, and Ou Guangqing appreciated it very much. Therefore, he naturally had to give Li Mu enough in return.

Entrepreneurs like Li Mu, who could create national and even global influence, were desired by local government officials. Because of his great influence, local officials would benefit from him imperceptibly. Moreover, if a company like Makino Technology continued to develop, the top officials would inevitably establish a direct dialogue with it in the future. In front of it, the influence of local officials would naturally become weaker and weaker.

Because of this, Ou Guangqing also hoped to be able to establish a good relationship with Li Mu. As long as Li Mu still kept the company in Yan Jing, his political achievements would be greatly promoted and improved in the future.

Seeing that Ou Guangqing took the initiative to ask for his needs again, and after he had given enough promise in the Entrepreneurship Competition, he no longer refused.

After thinking for a while, Li Mu said to Ou Guangqing very seriously, "Secretary Ou, today I want to take this opportunity to put forward some of our needs to you and other leaders of the Municipal Party Committee regarding the situation of the two companies, Makino Technology and Taobao. If there is anything that makes the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee feel embarrassed, you don't have to pay attention to it."

Ou Guangqing smiled and said, "Xiao Li, you don't have to be so polite. You are a star entrepreneur in our city, and the two companies are also star enterprises in our city. If you have any needs, just tell us. As long as it is reasonable, even if there are difficulties, the Municipal Party Committee will find a way to help you. You have to know that we are not helping you or your company. We are helping the Internet industry and the local economy of Yan Jing."

Li Mu nodded gratefully and said, "Then I will tell you directly in front of the leaders here. Makino Technology and Taobao are developing very fast, and they are both Internet companies. Compared with traditional industries, large Internet companies are mostly centralized offices. Makino Technology now has nearly a thousand employees, and most of them are in the office building where we are now. With the continuous development of the business, the number of employees is still increasing. In the future, in order to improve work efficiency, the two companies urgently need to establish a headquarters base in Yan Jing to accommodate most of the employees to work together and maintain the efficient operation of the company. This is one of the reasons."

Secretary Ou nodded slightly. "If Makino Technology and Taobao have the idea of establishing a headquarters base in Yan Jing, the municipal government must strongly support them. They can grant you a piece of land in Zhongguancun to build your own office building!"

In Ou Guangqing's view, the land was a big problem that must be solved. For such a large company, the hardware cost to maintain the operation would get better and better. It was inevitable that building their own office building would be the most long-term and cost-effective. Moreover, their own office building would also be the most beneficial to the company's image.

Logically speaking, if a company wanted to build its own office building, it should pay for the land itself and go through the formal process to buy, approve, and build it. However, for companies like Makino Technology and Taobao, if they didn't find a way to keep them in Yan Jing, what if the surrounding cities, or first-tier cities like Shanghai, Yangcheng, and Shenzhen offered favorable conditions to snatch them?

If Li Mu gradually shifted his focus to cities that offered more preferential treatment, then Yan Jing's loss would be too great.

Therefore, Ou Guangqing was very clear that the land must be given, and it must be given as soon as possible.

Li Mu didn't expect Secretary Ou to be so straightforward. He immediately said with joy, "Then I really appreciate the strong support of the municipal government. I hope that when the municipal government considers this issue, they can consider the two companies together. In the future, it will be better to arrange the headquarters base of the two companies together, so it will be more convenient."

Ou Guangqing nodded and asked, "Where do you want the headquarters base to be located, and how much area do you want it to cover?"

Li Mu said, "The best location is in Zhongguancun. Considering the convenience of the employees, the geographical location should be within the Fifth Ring Road."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "As for the area, we naturally hope that the bigger the better. However, the scale is not very large, after all. If we ask for too much land, it will not be justifiable. Therefore, our current requirement is to meet the requirements to build two to three A-grade office buildings that can accommodate more than 3,000 people. It should be about 100 acres."

In fact, Li Mu was more inclined to build a large base in Yan Jing, because in the future, he not only wanted Yan Jing to be the national headquarters base of the two companies, but also the world headquarters base. Therefore, in the end, there might be tens of thousands of employees working in the headquarters base. If he wanted to ensure that the company's office environment was independent and relaxed, he personally preferred to build the headquarters base of the two companies in the park model.

Once they had their own park, they could plan a series of buildings from office buildings to living facilities, parking buildings, and so on. In addition, they could take care of the greening, gardens, and staff commuting and traffic, creating an independent closed office environment. That would be awesome!

In his previous life, Li Mu had been to Ali's headquarters in Hangzhou for work. He was deeply shocked by the super park that covered an area of four to five hundred acres. At that time, he really felt that the employees of big companies were really happy, not only in terms of salary, but also in terms of benefits that outsiders could not see.

In his previous life, the working environment of the employees of a big company like Ali was much better than that of a small company like him. It was like the employees of a big company lived in a luxurious villa, while he lived in a narrow basement. The difference was not small. Working in a high-quality office environment would greatly improve one's mood, efficiency, satisfaction, and happiness.

Right now, Makino Technology and Taobao were not able to achieve that kind of extreme.

Li Mu knew a little about Boss Ma's history. He knew that in the beginning, Boss Ma's headquarters was in Shanghai instead of Hangzhou. Later, because of the Internet bubble, the development of the company was not very good, and it was difficult to support the company in Shanghai. Coincidentally, Hangzhou gave very good preferential policies, so Boss Ma moved the company's headquarters to Hangzhou and settled down there.

For Hangzhou, Boss Ma's company had always been the star of the local high-tech companies. Its status was like his own Makino Technology. Therefore, the policy support given by Hangzhou was very strong. A headquarters and more than four hundred acres of land was really shocking.

Now, Li Mu did not dare to ask Ou Guangqing for four or five hundred acres of land. With the current scale of Makino Technology and Taobao, there was no need for such a large piece of land. Therefore, Li Mu planned to do it in two steps. The first step was to build three Grade A office buildings in Yanjing as the headquarters to meet the needs for the next few years. Then, he would wait for the second step, which was to build a park in Yanjing.

Ou Guangqing thought for a while. With the current influence of Li Mu's two companies, it was completely reasonable for the municipal government to give his two companies about one hundred acres of land within the Fifth Ring Road. Therefore, Li Mu's request was not too much.

Therefore, Ou Guangqing said, "We will make a preliminary plan. You can use the one hundred thousand square meters of office land of Makino Technology and Taobao to plan and build the office buildings for your own use. However, according to the regulations of the municipal government, this kind of land cannot be used for commercial purposes. In theory, it is not allowed to be rented out after it is built. It can only be used for your own use."

Li Mu was delighted and nodded hurriedly. One hundred thousand square meters was one hundred and fifty acres, which could solve a lot of problems. As for commercial purposes and renting out, he did not care about the money at all. Even without Ou Guangqing's reminder, he would not do it.

Immediately, Li Mu thanked Ou Guangqing and asked, "Secretary Ou, can you tell me roughly what kind of transfer price the municipal government will set for us?"

According to the current market price, the price of the commercial land near Zhongguancun was about ten thousand yuan. The transfer fee for one hundred thousand square meters of land was one billion yuan. He could afford it. Even if he had so much spare money, he did not want to spend it on this. Besides, since he came to the government for help, he definitely could not pay the price according to this price. He did not expect the municipal government to give him the land for free, but at least they should give him a price that was close to free.

Hearing Li Mu's question, Ou Guangqing smiled for a while and did not say anything.

In fact, Ou Guangqing had his own considerations before he came to the municipal government whether to charge the transfer fee for the land granted to Li Mu, and if so, how much to charge.

In Ou Guangqing's view, it was better for the government to collect money than not to collect money. The nature of the free gift was too obvious. It would clearly make the government the giver and Li Mu the recipient. It was far more appropriate to sell it at a low price symbolically and operate in the form of half-sale and half-gift.

As for how to charge the money, Ou Guangqing divided it into two levels in his mind. One was the reasonable preferential price that should be given to Li Mu under normal circumstances, and the other was the extra preferential price at the lowest price.

In the 1990s, Zhuhai City approved a piece of land for Shi Yuzhu to build the National People's Congress Building, and he only charged 125 yuan for each square meter of land transfer fee. The purpose was to support the development of the Giant Group in the local area. Although the National People's Congress Building was unfinished because of Shi Yuzhu's own reasons, the price that the government gave to Giant was a certain reference.

In order to support the Giant Group, the municipal government gave this preferential policy. However, the Giant Group at the beginning was much worse than the current Makino Technology and Taobao. Therefore, the Makino Technology should enjoy a higher preferential rate. However, considering the rise of land prices in recent years, Ou Guangqing felt that if he followed the normal price, he should set the price at about 300 yuan per square meter.

In this case, it would only be 30 million yuan according to 100,000 square meters. To be honest, the price was less than 10%, which was almost the same as giving it away for free.

The other level was the extra preferential price. In Ou Guangqing's plan, if Li Mu satisfied him, he would definitely satisfy Li Mu. At that time, he would charge one yuan for each square meter symbolically. This seemingly absurd number would highlight the special importance that the municipal government attached to him and his two companies.

Ou Guangqing also knew very well that if he gave Li Mu 100,000 square meters of land for free, it might not cause any discussion, because the whole country would think that this 100,000 square meters of land should be given to Makino Technology and Taobao.

However, if the Yan Jing municipal government "sold" 100,000 square meters of land to Li Mu at the price of one yuan per square meter, the feeling would immediately be different. The whole country would still not think that it was wrong. On the contrary, they would think that the Yan Jing municipal government's seemingly absurd price was actually very humane. For Li Mu, he would certainly be more inclined to "buy" the land at the price of one yuan, rather than taking it from the government for free.

It was like asking someone to help with work, but the other party didn't want a penny. Although he would save money, he would definitely feel uncomfortable. However, if he symbolically threw a pack of cigarettes to the other party, the feeling would immediately be different!

…