Chapter 1641

Du Wei didn't expect that Li Mu would specially book a private plane for the crew to change their itinerary to Yanjing so that she could have another chance to meet the crew again. This made her dumbfounded. She looked at Li Mu and asked, "Big Brother Li Mu, are you saying this to make me happy?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course not. I'm talking to you very seriously right now."

As he said this, Li Mu said again, "You can say that I'm doing this to make you happy, but you can't say that I'm saying this to make you happy."

Li Mu deliberately emphasized the words' do 'and' say '.

Du Wei immediately understood the meaning of Li Mu's words. She suddenly felt as if she had received the best love in the world. Although his solution was extravagant and wasteful, in her young girl's heart, she couldn't help but feel that Li Mu's solution was really sweet and romantic.

This made Du Wei's somewhat sad mood instantly relieved. She gently leaned on Li Mu's shoulder and said seriously, "Big Brother Li Mu, you're so good to me."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "It's only right to be good to you. Who asked you to be so cute?"

Du Wei's smile was full of sweetness. Her pure smile made Li Mu's heart feel exceptionally peaceful and comfortable.

In fact, Li Mu had a natural kind of love for Du Wei. Just like an older brother to his younger sister, he always wanted to give her the best.

In fact, Du Wei's family conditions were very good. It was so good that money and power were not enough to describe it. In her life since she was a child, she was completely in a state of "lacking nothing and having the best of everything". But even so, Li Mu was still willing to give her the best within his ability.

Du Wei had a good voice, so Li Mu was willing to give her all the good songs. Now she was only developing in China. If this time she could help her open up the Western market by participating in "Flying Tigers" and singing the theme song, then Li Mu also wanted to give her all the songs that Taylor Swift and Adele had later become popular all over the world.

Moreover, Du Wei was born with a talent for acting, which was not inferior to most professional actors. This may have a lot to do with the environment in which she lived since she was a child. Although Li Mu was not a money-oriented person, he had to admit that children who did not have to worry about food and clothing since they were young, and even those children who were highly wealthy were more confident than children from poor families. And acting was precisely something that required enough confidence to be able to completely let go.

Therefore, Li Mu also hoped to give her better acting opportunities. It would be best if she could become the most famous Chinese star in the world. Then Li Mu couldn't be happier.

After "Flying Tigers", Li Mu would bind Spielberg more closely with himself, and this kind of binding would naturally bring Du Wei in. It would be best if Du Wei could be bound with several of Spielberg's future movies, so that Du Wei could have a direct train to Hollywood and become a top Hollywood actress.

…

The airline's helicopter arrived at Spring City Airport. Li Mu, Du Wei, and the people accompanying them boarded the business jet that the charter company had been waiting for a long time.

The business jet was much quieter than the helicopter. Li Mu turned on the computer and opened the lyrics of "21 Guns" that he had changed, so that Du Wei could familiarize herself with the lyrics first. After Du Wei saw it, she was full of praise for the lyrics and kept asking, "Big Brother Li Mu, do you have a score?

I want to try and learn to sing it now. "

"Haha." Li Mu scratched his head. "You know, I've never seriously studied music theory, so I don't know how to write a score."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "Then you can teach me how to sing."

Li Mu lowered his voice awkwardly and said, "There are other people, I'm so sorry."

Du Wei also lowered her voice and said, "It's just singing, what's there to be embarrassed about? Don't you usually go to KTV and sing in front of a lot of people?"

Li Mu said, "That's singing along with the accompaniment. It's different from singing without music. Singing without music requires a lot of courage."

Du Wei blinked and said with a smile, "So the omnipotent Big Brother Li Mu also has times when he's shy. He's actually embarrassed to sing without music in front of others …"

Li Mu smiled helplessly. "You're trying to goad me …"

Du Wei said with a smile, "Don't care if it's a goad or not. Anyway, you're really embarrassed."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Then I'll officially announce that your goad worked."

After saying that, Li Mu took a deep breath and said, "Come, listen carefully. I'll sing it for you now!"

Du Wei clapped silently and whispered excitedly, "That's great, but Big Brother Li Mu, keep your voice down. Just let me hear it."

Li Mu nodded and began to sing 21 Guns, which he had changed the lyrics with a little shyness.

The original version of "21 Guns" was an anti-war song. Anti-war was of course the favorite thing of pacifists nowadays, especially those famous singers in the United States. Almost all of them had an anti-war song. Otherwise, they would be too embarrassed to say hello to others.

However, there were so many anti-war songs in the American music industry. The source of this kind of anti-war song was not World War II, but the Vietnam War. When the United States fought the Vietnam War, it was unknown and the casualties were especially high. As a result, the United States set off a strong anti-war sentiment after the war. Therefore, from that time on, film and television works and songs began to be influenced by the anti-war wave.

However, for all the victorious countries, World War II was not a nameless war. Instead, it was a war of justice in which justice finally defeated evil. It was a glorious achievement of the world's righteous people united to fight against the Nazis. For all the allied soldiers who participated in World War II, that war was worthy of being sung and praised by all future generations.

Therefore, Li Mu changed the lyrics of "21 Guns" to be a complete and thorough praise for the righteous veterans who participated in World War II, especially the brave pilots who fought against the Japanese invaders in the movie "Flying Tigers."

Although Green Day was a punk-style band, the song "21 Guns" was not frivolous or casual at all. On the contrary, its melody was very stable. It was pleasant to listen to, and at the same time, there was no lack of atmosphere. It was easy to move people's hearts.

Although Li Mu summoned the courage to sing a cappella, he still couldn't let go of it. However, after listening to Li Mu sing a paragraph, Du Wei had already converted the score of the song in her heart. Therefore, when Li Mu sang the second paragraph, she was already able to sing the chorus accurately in a low voice.

Li Mu was shocked by the speed at which she learned the song, but he soon understood that music theory and music scores were the language of music. Ordinary people had never learned this language, so when they learned to sing, it was completely a mechanical way of strengthening their memory in their mind. It was like an ordinary person who did not know a foreign language, but there was a person who kept talking in your ear. After learning from him a few times, you learned the pronunciation of the foreign language, but you still did not understand the language.

In this case, learning the tune of a song was like listening to someone else read an article in a language that they did not understand. Therefore, ordinary people learned songs like a parrot, singing it many times mechanically, constantly deepening their memory, and finally remembering the song.

But for a music major like Du Wei, she had learned music theory and music scores since she was a child. Therefore, when she heard a song, she could read the language in it. Therefore, when she heard someone say a paragraph in this language, she could immediately remember the essence of this paragraph, unlike others who could only remember the pronunciation.

Thinking about this, Li Mu was not so surprised that Du Wei learned the song in one go.

At this time, Du Wei sang the second part with Li Mu, and the whole song was very familiar. After singing it once, she said to Li Mu coquettishly, "Brother Li Mu, sing it for me again!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You have already learned it well. Do you still want me to sing it for you?

I think you can directly go to the studio to record after you get off the plane. "

Du Wei said a little shyly, "I just want to hear you sing it again. If you feel shy, then let's sing it together."

Li Mu had no choice but to nod and agree.

This time, Du Wei's singing was flawless. She even had a good grasp of the solemn and melodious feeling of the song.

Li Mu couldn't help sighing. "After going back today, take a rest, and then we will hurry to the studio to record this song."

Du Wei nodded and said, "Tonight, my parents and my sister said that they will eat at home. My grandparents will also come. They haven't seen me for a long time, and they all said that they miss me. After today, any day in the future is fine."

Li Mu said, "I have to communicate with the recording musician about the arrangement first. I will inform you when it is done, but it will not be too rushed. You can have a good rest these two days."

Then, Li Mu asked her again, "What about the school arrangements?"

Du Wei said, "The school teachers will arrange for me to make up for the main professional courses. Some cultural courses are not a big problem. I have learned most of them by myself when I was in the crew. In fact, it is not difficult."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You don't forget to learn cultural courses when you are filming. You are really a typical scholar."

Du Wei smiled and said, "My grandfather has told me to be strict with myself since I was a child. He also fought all the way, and he attaches great importance to the self-discipline of his children."

Then, Du Wei said, "By the way, in this crew, the improvement of my English level is particularly great. The director, most of the staff, and the lead actors speak English, so I have been communicating with them in English. I have never stayed abroad for a long time before. This time, working with them for such a long time, I feel that my English has improved a lot. When I study in the United States in the future, I don't have to worry about my English."

Li Mu asked curiously, "You want to study in the United States?"

"Yes."

Du Wei nodded and said seriously, "It has always been my dream to go to Berklee College of Music to study modern music and jazz."