Chapter 894

YY's push was almost in sync with the speed of the earth's rotation.

At 10 am local time in each place, YY would send a push to local users. This small detail made many overseas YY users feel very considerate.

It was more meaningful to ensure that every user would receive the push shortly after the start of work than the system directly setting a push to all users at a certain time. This represented the importance that YY attached to users everywhere.

In fact, Li Mu could also let YY use the method of online notification. He could set a time point after which all logged in users would receive a pop-up notification.

This seemed to save a lot of trouble, but it lacked the sense of ceremony of synchronizing the push.

Allowing a considerable number of users to receive the same push at the same time would have a very strong sense of ritual. However, if everyone received the same push at different times, then the sense of ritual would be greatly weakened, or even reduced to zero.

It was 9: 55 am in San Francisco when he drove all the way to the office.

He quickly turned on his computer and logged into his YY account. His assistant explained the specific logic of Makino Technology's push notification to him, which made him very surprised.

He did not expect that Makino Technology would use such a special and very creative way to release important news. This method ensured that the elites in any time zone would be able to clearly receive the push during office hours and in the best state.

As he was sighing, the time on the lower right corner of the computer changed from 9: 59 to 10: 00 sharp.

Then, a notification sounded, and a push notification popped up in the lower right corner of YY. It was related to YY's access to PayPal and the launch of the new member value-added service system.

He immediately clicked on it and saw the complete member value-added service system on the news page.

After reading it, apart from shock, there was only admiration left in his heart.

In yesterday's article, he had written a lot of his opinions and suggestions on YY. The improvement of PayPal and membership services were the most important. He had thought that he was ahead of Hua Xia, Li Mu. Although Li Mu's products were great, he felt that Li Mu's marketing skills needed to be improved. Otherwise, how could he ignore the convenient payment system and customized membership services?

However, in less than 24 hours, the Huaxia people responded. This time, not only did YY improve on his suggestions, but it was even more in-depth and detailed than what he had suggested.

As a senior editor-in-chief in the IT field, he knew very well that these things could not be completed in a day, so he ruled out the possibility that the other party was inspired by him.

In other words, Hua Xia's Li Mu had used his actions to prove that his considerations were far more perfect and mature than hers.

At that moment, in front of the computer, he was looking at YY's entire membership value-added service system. Deep in his heart, he was worshipping Li Mu, whom he had never met before. Beside him, the entire IT industry in Silicon Valley was boiling with excitement!

YY's product functions had completely conquered these elites. Therefore, there were only two reasons why this group of people was so excited at the moment. One was that it was more convenient to top up, and they could spend money to buy more customized services.

Since the top-up channel was the most common PayPal in the United States, after seeing the push notification, everyone began to purchase customized services according to their own needs. The enthusiasm of users to pay was extremely rare in the American Internet industry.

Li Mu had been working overtime with everyone at Makino Technology, monitoring the real-time registration, login, and payment data of YY overseas.

Starting from ten o 'clock in the morning in New York, in these three hours, a total of 850,000 registered users in the United States had made purchases. The proportion of all users who had paid accounted for 85% of all users who had logged in. This proportion was almost unprecedented for an online product whose basic service was free. Most of these 850,000 users were already members. This time, they had purchased more advanced membership services or independent supplementary packages of various services. In addition, a small number of ordinary users had officially become VIP members through PayPal.

With 850,000 purchases, the average customer price had reached US $9.15. The total amount of payments had reached an astonishing amount of US $7.8 million, and the number was still rising!

Li Mu was pleasantly surprised by the overall rapidly rising figures. This figure meant that YY had a very high degree of recognition among the American elites. Not only were elite users willing to download and use it, but they were also willing to pay for it. It would not take long for these users to become deep users and become the first batch of YY's die-hard overseas fans.

Once YY had completely taken root among the elite, Li Mu's strategy of two-way development between the rural and urban areas was already half a success. Li Mu believed that if the elite users were compared to the core cities, and the ordinary users to the rural areas, then YY did not have a strategy of surrounding the cities from the rural areas in the United States or even the entire overseas market. There was also no strategy of cities radiating to the rural areas. These were two parallel routes that did not interfere with each other at the beginning.

Now that YY had such a high degree of user recognition among the overseas elite, it could be said that the urban route was already half a success. All that was left was to see the performance of the next phase of "Paradise Town".

Such a high payment ratio and tendency not only represented the degree of recognition of YY in the American elite market, but also the strong potential of YY in the overseas market.

There were many indicators to measure a company's valuation, such as scale, product, revenue, team, prospects, industry status, and so on. These were all important indicators that determined a company's valuation. However, there were only two of the most important indicators. One was the prospects, and the other was the revenue.

If a gaming company could achieve an average daily revenue of ten million with a lousy game, then there was no need to look at anything else. The company's valuation would be very shocking. Now, YY had reached nearly eight million US dollars in three hours in the United States market. This was a very frightening amount.

Of course, today's top-up revenue could not be treated as a daily top-up. This was because the users had purchased a monthly service. After this top-up, the possibility of these 800,000 users topping up for the month would be greatly reduced. Although there would be a certain amount of new users and top-up revenue every day, the average daily growth in the future would definitely be much lower than this target.

However, a rough calculation showed that Makino Technology currently had nearly two million registered users overseas. Almost all of them were business elites, and the paying ratio was more than 70%. Moreover, after the launch of PayPal, the paying ratio would probably increase in the future. If the number of paying users could increase to three million in the next month, and the average monthly payment per person was more than five US dollars, then the monthly top-up revenue would reach fifteen million US dollars!

If converted to RMB, it would exceed one hundred million!

Most importantly, Li Mu felt that using this number to measure the future development was too conservative. Currently, the number of users in Europe, Japan, and South Korea was also growing. In the next one to two months, YY should be able to continue expanding its user base with word-of-mouth marketing and business communication among the elite class. It might even achieve remarkable results in Europe, Japan, and South Korea.

In the entire first world, which was the developed countries, there were tens of millions of elite groups. YY would provide them with extremely powerful assistance in their future work. It would help them improve their work efficiency, save more time, improve their office experience, and promote business communication. Once they used YY, they would never be able to live without it. To them, the cost-performance ratio of YY's membership service was unimaginably high. A few US dollars a month was nothing to these people. However, the various benefits that YY brought to them were incomparable to a few US dollars, or even tens or hundreds of US dollars.

Li Mu believed that it would not take long for YY to gain more than ten million paying users in the developed countries. By that time, YY's momentum among the elite class would be even more unstoppable.

…

At the same time, far away in Silicon Valley, one of the founders of Paypal, Elon Musk, was also closely watching Paypal's transaction flow.

To be precise, Elon Musk was watching YY's Paypal transaction flow.

From the moment YY started promoting the new YY member service and Paypal access in the eastern region, he had been keeping an eye on it. He witnessed with his own eyes how YY broke through ten thousand, then a hundred thousand, and then triumphantly broke through the one million mark. Following that, it broke through the second, third, and seventh million mark.

Although the e-commerce environment in the US was much better than in China, and Amazon's daily turnover was more than ten million US dollars, in Elon Musk's opinion, YY was the most special one.

Amazon, eBay, and even Microsoft and other software companies were doing physical transactions.

That's right. Physical transactions.

Amazon and eBay do not need to be mentioned. Although e-commerce platforms allow online transactions, only the first half of the transaction will be online. The real physical transactions will not change. Users will be buying physical products, and they will pay online and receive the goods offline. Even if these platforms make tens of millions of USD a day, it will still be used to buy physical products. E-commerce platforms might even be losing money.

Microsoft and other software companies are still using physical CDs and CDKey to sell their software. That's why they are selling a product, but it's a product with high IP value. What's interesting about software companies is that most of their sales are offline, and it's the opposite of e-commerce.

YY, on the other hand, was different. YY was a company that provided virtual products, which was mainly online services. Moreover, its revenue was all generated from users' purchases of virtual services. That was truly shocking!

When Elon Musk thought about YY's parent company, Makino Technology, preparing for Series C, he could not sit still.

This morning, he received a reply from the company and Makino Technology after he arrived at the company. Li Mu could not come to the US for the time being. If Li Mu wanted to meet him in the US, he might have to wait for some time. However, Li Mu welcomed Li Mu to visit him in Hua Xia …