Chapter 1013

A few days later, the Haidian District Court, where Makino Technology was registered, finally officially accepted the case of more than two hundred Taobao sellers jointly suing Makino Technology.

The acceptance of this case did not cause any waves in the Internet industry, but it attracted a lot of attention in the national judicial department.

Before this, there had been almost no lawsuits around "online virtual property" in the country. Now the Haidian District Court received the first lawsuit of this type, and they chose to accept the case, which had a great impact on the judicial department.

Generally speaking, whether the court accepted a case or not also represented the basic attitude of the court.

If someone went to the court to sue that the spy satellites of the United States had violated his privacy, or that his neighbor's fart had caused him psychological harm, the court would certainly not accept such a lawsuit without legal support. If the court accepted the case, it could also be understood on a subtle level that the court had basically recognized the legal basis of the plaintiff's lawsuit.

Therefore, the approach of the Haidian District Court on this case had a very significant impact on the entire domestic judicial field. If the Haidian District Court refused to accept the case, it meant that in the eyes of the Haidian District Court, the concept of "online virtual property" lacked legal support.

On the contrary, if the Haidian District Court accepted the case, it could be understood that the Haidian District Court had basically recognized the legality of "online virtual property".

Now, the Haidian District Court had bravely taken the first step to recognize "online virtual property". However, no one expected that the first step that the law of this new era must take was used on Makino Technology.

People in the judicial field, especially in the economic and commercial field, almost all paid close attention to this lawsuit. Everyone basically had their own judgment. Most people thought that since the Haidian District Court accepted this case, the possibility of the plaintiff winning was more than 80%.

Boss Ma combined the information from various sources and his own control of the whole matter. His personal confidence in winning the case was almost 100%. However, Boss Ma did not want to force Li Mu to yield through a judgment. He hoped that Li Mu would break his promise in advance and take the initiative to give in.

If they were to pass a normal judgment, it would take too long from preparation to trial to sentencing. For Le Tao, time was money. The faster he could develop, the better. Therefore, he did not want to delay, nor could he afford to.

Moreover, Li Mu himself said that "Makino Technology will never compromise with the seller of fake goods". If the court ruled that he lost and forced him to compromise with legal principles, even if Li Mu compromised, it would not be counted as breaking his promise. Therefore, Boss Ma hoped that Li Mu could compromise before the judgment was announced. Not only would it be more efficient for Le Tao, but it would also mean that Li Mu broke his promise and was slapped in the face by himself.

However, Boss Ma wasn't sure which path Li Mu would choose. In his opinion, it all depended on luck.

But sometimes, when luck comes, it can't be stopped.

…

Just at this time, the first national individual webmaster conference of Taobao was about to be held in Yanjing.

Thousands of individual webmasters rushed to Yanjing by various means of transportation at the end of October. They were ready to participate in the largest conference since the birth of the Internet industry in Hua Xia.

Individual webmasters in the Internet industry were a group of stragglers with varying qualities. Looking at them individually, they were rarely successful. However, if these stragglers and stragglers were combined together, they would almost be the most powerful force in the Internet industry in Hua Xia.

The birth of the "Taobao Alliance" allowed these individual webmasters to find a more efficient and imaginative way to cash in traffic. At the same time, it was like cement that bound the scattered individual webmasters together. Therefore, people in the industry knew that the national individual webmaster conference of Taobao was, to put it bluntly, a gathering of the Taobao Alliance.

In the Taobao Alliance, Taobao was fully deserving of being the boss, and every individual webmaster who joined the Taobao Alliance was a lackey of the Taobao Alliance. When the boss raised his arm and called for a meeting, these lackeys naturally swarmed over with great enthusiasm.

In the star hotel that Taobao booked this time, there was an endless stream of individual webmasters who came to sign in and check in. The scene was very lively.

Every individual webmaster who came to sign in represented tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of daily traffic. In the eyes of Internet professionals, these people were no longer independent living people, but walking traffic entrances.

Some people joked that the Taobao Alliance had basically monopolized more than half of the effective traffic on the Internet in Hua Xia. In the future, it was very likely that the Taobao Alliance would transform itself from an e-commerce advertising system to a traffic entrance for the entire Internet.

In fact, this joking remark happened to guess Li Mu's thoughts.

In Li Mu's opinion, the previous individual stationmaster was equivalent to an independent farming family. Everyone reclaimed and planted their own farmland, and then sold the wheat they harvested to various peddlers at will. Some people sold their wheat to sesame seed cake shops, some to pancake stalls, and some to bakeries and steamed bun shops.

Li Mu thought that this kind of business structure was too simple. It was so simple that it was lazy, and the efficiency was naturally much lower.

What Li Mu wanted to do was to set up a "flour mill" for further processing of wheat. He would cover all the production of these farming families, and then use it to produce a variety of different kinds of flour. He would then sell it to various merchants who needed flour to ensure that the wheat could be sold at a better price after further processing.

Right now, Li Mu had an all-inclusive Taobao Alliance in his hands. Li Mu's flour mill seemed to be working hard to be self-sufficient, but once Li Mu controlled most of the grain farmers in his own hands, he could monopolize the grain market.

Grain was the traffic of the Internet industry.

Li Mu wanted to gather a large number of individual webmasters together. The powerful traffic could not only be used to promote the Taobao website and Taobao products, but what was even more imaginative was that once the traffic had accumulated to a certain level, the traffic could be repackaged and integrated and sold. If other websites wanted to promote it, they could directly buy traffic from the Taobao Alliance.

To achieve this, the first thing to do was to have a high degree of control over the individual webmasters in the Alliance. The purpose of this webmaster meeting was to recruit more followers and form cliques.

Seeing that the feasibility of Li Mu's plan was quite high, some jealous person published an article on various major websites.

The title of the article was: "Li Mu's Double Standard for Virtual Property."

In the article, the author made a comparison between personal YY accounts and personal websites.

The author first used the example of Li Mu's previous refusal to compromise with more than two hundred sellers, and threw out the first argument: Li Mu believed that users had no control over their registered YY accounts. The real control should be in the hands of the YY service provider, which was Makino Technology. So, was this argument reasonable?

Assuming that this argument was reasonable, after comparing it with the individual webmasters, a huge logical loophole could be immediately found.

The source of this huge logical loophole was: If the Internet's domain name provider also used the theory of Makino Technology, it meant that the control of any website should not be in the hands of the domain name and website owner, but in the hands of the domain name provider.

But, was this possible?

According to this theory, not to mention that the websites of individual webmasters were not their own, even Li Mu's YY website was not Makino Technology's. It should be the domain name provider's. If one day the domain name provider wanted to block Li Mu's YY website, would Li Mu be willing to see the YY website be blocked?

The author also made a sharp assumption: If Makino Technology really had the right to block users' YY accounts at will, did that mean that the domain name provider also had the full power to block all websites at will?

Did it mean that the domain name provider could take over Makino Technology's YY website at any time?

The answer was obviously no. The article said: Li Mu himself understood the logic very well. He knew that every webmaster had absolute sovereignty over his own website. He also knew that every website, as well as the content and traffic of the website, were the virtual property of the individual webmaster, not owned by the domain name provider. That was why he created the Taobao Alliance to help individual webmasters use their virtual property to earn more benefits.

Therefore, the author questioned Li Mu at the end of the article, "Since Li Mu respects the virtual property of individual webmasters, why can't Li Mu's Makino Technology respect the virtual property of YY users?

The domain name provider has no right to interfere with the operation of individual webmasters, and Makino Technology naturally has no right to interfere with the behavior of YY users, let alone block YY users.

The same legal principle applies to the two matters, but Li Mu just has to make a 180-degree difference. He highly respects the virtual property of individual webmasters, but tramples on the virtual property of YY users. This is unreasonable in terms of emotion, reason, and law. "

Finally, the author also shouted to Li Mu in the article, "I hope that Makino Technology can give a proper solution to this matter, respect everyone's virtual property on the Internet, and treat all Internet users equally. Otherwise, if a leading company itself is discriminating, then the atmosphere of domestic Internet development will be greatly affected."

As soon as this article was released, it appeared on the headlines of major portals, except for YY. It had a significant impact in the industry.

After Boss Ma saw this article that occupied the headlines of many Internet portals, he was so excited that he could not close his mouth. In his opinion, his luck had indeed turned for the better. Not only did he accidentally get a way out, but now there was such a capable person who took the initiative to jump out and use the opportunity of Li Mu's individual webmaster meeting to raise huge, almost irrefutable doubts against Li Mu. It seemed that the tyrannical logic of Li Mu and Makino Technology would soon be completely destroyed by this article.

However, the excited Boss Ma didn't expect that the article was written by Li Mu, with its incisive words and arguments, and it even hit the nail on the head …

For the fastest and error-free novel reading, please visit