Chapter 933

As soon as Ou Guangqing opened his mouth, he gave 50% of the settlement quota, which shocked everyone present.

This policy was really beyond imagination. No company could get such a good treatment. No matter how many official employees you had, the local government would help you solve the settlement problem of 50% of the employees, especially in Beijing where the household registration system was the strictest.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. This year, Makino Technology and Taobao could break through 2,000 employees, so this year, he could get 1,000 Yan Jing household registration quota. Next year, 2,000 would become 5,000, and another 1,500 more household registration quota. In the third year, 5,000 would become 10,000, and he could get 2,500 quotas.

Once three years had passed, Muye Technology and Taobao would grow into aircraft carrier level giants in the industry, and the growth of employees would also slow down slightly. At that time, the 50% policy would definitely be reflected in absolute terms, and when that time came, they would be able to negotiate a new set of solutions with the municipal government.

It had to be said that Ou Guangqing had considered very comprehensively for his two companies, and he was absolutely sincere.

However, the expressions of the municipal officials present, especially Director Chen of the Personnel Bureau, were a little nervous.

Although the value of the current Yan Jing household registration was not as ridiculous as in the future, it was definitely the highest in the country. Once the value increased, it would inevitably cause other municipal officials to worry, especially Director Chen who was in charge of household registration resources.

For them, Ou Guangqing first gave too much, and secondly, no matter what, he would solve 50%. Such a simple and crude policy, when they thought about it carefully, there were too many bugs in it!

What if Li Mu turned the company into a "Yan Jing Household Registration Training Camp"?

Recruit a group of employees, solve half of the household registration, and then remove the relationship of the company with the household registration, transfer them to other companies, and then bring in a group of people without household registration, solve them, and then send them out. In this case, how many quotas would be enough for him?

What if Li Mu deliberately tricked the government into giving him the settlement quota?

He could muddleheadedly create a lot of employee relationships in his company, and they might not be his employees at all, and then reach out to the government to ask for the land. Could the government not solve it for him?

Everyone was worried, but no one dared to voice it out in this situation.

Ou Guangqing knew everyone's concerns, but he still said to Li Mu with certainty, "In the next three years, the municipal government and the Personnel Bureau will solve the settlement problem for 50% of the official employees of Makino Technology and Taobao. I will only give you this proportion, and I will not make any conditions binding you. You are free to do whatever you want."

After saying this, Ou Guangqing looked at Li Mu and added, "I believe in your style."

Li Mu's heart was clear. Others might not understand at once, and they might doubt that he was given such a big BUG of authority. That was because each of them was in charge of their own business, and they had their own core authority. Once they felt that the core resources were flowing out, they would inevitably be worried and reluctant.

But Ou Guangqing would not have this kind of worry. Like Li Mu, he was in charge of the overall control of a set of systems. He had a broader vision, and he would not have superfluous emotions about any specific resources. Resources were not treasures, but a kind of tool. When it was time to enter, it was time to enter, and when it was time to exit, it was time to let go. Moreover, he did not need to worry that Li Mu would take advantage of this BUG at all. With Li Mu's current achievements, status, and his character and courage in doing 3321, Li Mu would not bother to take advantage of this small loophole.

The more successful people were, the more they knew how to be self-disciplined. There was no doubt about this.

Many entrepreneurs had original sins and stains in their history, but after they succeeded, they all tried to cover up the original sins and wash the stains. The more successful they were, the more self-disciplined they were.

After defeating QQ, Li Mu's expectations of himself had already exceeded that of most entrepreneurs. Even if he wanted to cheat others, he would do it openly instead of secretly. Moreover, his cheating was completely reasonable and legal, which made others believe him.

Director Chen seemed to be not very willing, but since Ou Guangqing had already said this, he naturally did not dare to speak out against it.

Moreover, Director Chen himself also knew in his heart that Makino Technology was a pioneer in China. There had never been a private enterprise that could receive such high praise at home and abroad, and cause such a great influence. Moreover, the officials in Yan Jing knew that Li Mu had been the focus of the senior leaders since he started 3321. Even if 80% of the employees in his company were to be settled, it was completely justifiable.

…

The operation of the land was complicated. Even if Ou Guangqing had promised Li Mu, it still took time to slowly land.

However, the speed of settling the household registration was too fast. On the morning of the second day of the inspection by the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee, the Personnel Bureau sent an official document.

In the document, the Personnel Bureau required Makino Technology and Taobao to sort out and submit all the official employee's identity information, labor relationship certificates, and other information to the Personnel Bureau for record, and provide a special person to connect with each other. In the future, if the two companies needed to settle in Yan Jing for any employee who had submitted the information and passed the confirmation, they could directly apply for the contact person. As long as the total proportion did not exceed 50%, it could be settled quickly.

This policy was really too powerful, so as soon as he got the document, Li Mu called Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong to Makino Technology for a meeting to discuss with himself and Lin Ching-ah how to promote this benefit within the company.

Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong did not expect to be officially settled so soon. They immediately rushed over from Taobao. The four of them started discussing in Li Mu's office.

Li Mu said, "Since the Municipal Party Committee has solved 50% of the household registration quota for us, it means that while 50% of the employees have obtained the household registration quota in Yan Jing, there must be 50% of the employees who can't get it for the time being. We need to carefully consider how to draw this line, how to announce it, and how to implement it. If the method is appropriate, this 50% household registration quota will definitely play a great role in motivating the team. If the method is not appropriate, it is very likely to arouse a lot of dissatisfaction in the team. Do you have any thoughts on this?"

Liu Shixiong said, "On the Taobao side, President Lei and I have discussed it before we came. Our idea is: The first step is to give priority to solving the problem of household registration for the leaders of the various departments and teams. The remaining household registration quota will be used as phased incentives. For example, for our 929 promotion, we can take out a portion of the quota to settle down for the employees who have performed well in the 929 promotion, and then leave a portion of the quota to reward the employees who have made greater contributions in the year at the end of the year."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's not a problem to give priority to the leaders to solve the quota, but in the first batch of unconditional solutions, we still have to lean towards the employees who are not in the leadership positions. This way, more employees can be motivated."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "I suggest that we focus on the P-level employees. The M-level management employees are all colleagues who have learned management and have management experience and philosophy. In terms of philosophy, they should be closest to us. Under such circumstances, we should let the important members of technical positions get this benefit first.

The focus of the technical colleagues is on technical development. They are very strong in their own field of focus, but they may not know the art of management and may not understand our management philosophy. Therefore, we need to let the management colleagues develop their style and let the technical colleagues feel that they are more valued in the company. "

The three of them fell silent for a moment before Lin Qingya spoke up first. "Then, we will focus on solving the problem of the technical staff. I will also look for the management staff to communicate with them and let them understand the situation better. I believe that everyone will have the same awareness."

Li Mu nodded. "The first batch will be given priority to the technical employees to get the quota. The management employees can wait for a while, but we have to make a promise in private. We won't let them wait for too long. The second batch will definitely solve it."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "I understand."

Li Mu added, "The division of positions is one dimension, and the other dimension is the actual situation."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Go ahead."

Li Mu said, "Those who have children and want to go to kindergarten or school in Beijing will be given the highest priority. Those who are already married and whose spouse is not a local will be given priority. Those who are in a relationship and are about to talk about marriage will be given priority."

At the moment, there were no restrictions on the purchase of houses and cars in Beijing, and outsiders could buy them at will. Therefore, the biggest users of household registration were actually for two main purposes. One was to have children, and the other was to get married.

Needless to say, having a local household registration would make it much easier for them to go to kindergarten or school. Moreover, it would be much more convenient for those who just got married without children to have a household registration. In the future, their children could be directly settled in Beijing with their parents after they were born, and it would be much more convenient for them to get vaccinated.

Other than that, having a Beijing household registration would indeed have a certain effect on dating. Whether it was a man or a woman, having a Beijing household registration would add a lot of points when dating. It would be easier for them to find a partner, and it would be easier for them to find a partner with better conditions.

This division of dimensions was unanimously agreed by the three of them.

At this moment, Li Mu said again, "There is another very important dimension. We have to reserve a portion of the quota for the following recruitment work. As long as there are enough outstanding talents who are willing to come in, we can solve the problem of settling down for them. For example, as long as they can be rated as P8 or M8 employees, they can enter the list of preparation for settling down after signing the contract. We will give them half a year or a year of observation period. Once the time is up, as long as they pass the observation, we will immediately solve the household registration problem."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Then when I write the document later, I will use P8 and M8 as the dividing line."

Li Mu then asked Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo, "What method do you think is suitable for Taobao?"

Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo discussed for a while and also felt that Li Mu's method was more suitable in all aspects. It was more perfect and more humane. Therefore, the two of them also decided to use the same standard to implement it on Taobao.

…

At five o 'clock in the afternoon, the employees of Makino Technology and Taobao respectively received an email from the company's corporate mailbox to all the employees. The title of the email was: Employee New Benefits Announcement.

After almost all the employees saw this title, they temporarily stopped what they were doing and clicked on the email to see the specific content.

First of all, the email informed all the employees that 50% of the company's employees could solve the good news of having a Beijing household registration. All of a sudden, all the employees had great expectations in their hearts.

Secondly, all the P10, P9, P8, and some of the outstanding P7 technical employees of the two companies could be the first batch to get the quota of settling down.

Thirdly, from now until the end of the year, a portion of the quota would be used to encourage outstanding ordinary employees.