Chapter 1243

Chen Ze didn't expect that Li Mu would use the commercial insurance of the car as a reference for the club's annual membership fee. However, listening to his analysis, this reference did have a specific meaning. For a sports car owner, he must have enough financial strength. The amount of car insurance for him, even if it wasn't a drop in the bucket, at least it wouldn't be a large expenditure. It should be within the acceptable range for these car owners.

Immediately, Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "After we gradually complete the membership grading system, what kind of services will we provide to different levels of members?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Members pay to join the club. On one hand, it's for the club's connections, but on the other hand, it's to enjoy the club's services. Therefore, the membership fee is the basic operating capital that we provide members with special services. My idea is to treat the membership fee as a prepaid consumption. For example, an A-level user pays 100,000 yuan as a membership fee every year. Then, we will temporarily treat this 100,000 yuan as a deposit in our club. Then, we will provide them with all kinds of free services for the next year. Until the 100,000 yuan is used up, the rest can be matched with some other payment items."

Chen Ze asked in surprise, "Taken from the people and used for the people?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's true, but we will calculate it according to the market price. There will be enough profit in this."

As he said this, Li Mu said, "For example, the cost of using the race track to the public is 1,000 yuan. We will make a profit from this 1,000 yuan. When we calculate the members' fees, we will also calculate it according to this price. For example, when we organize a cocktail party, the average consumption in the bar is 2,000 yuan. Then, we will also calculate it according to 2,000 yuan for the members. If an A-level user pays 100,000 yuan, we will provide services worth 100,000 yuan. According to the profit margin of the high-end service industry, we will keep 50% of the gross profit."

"That's more like it …" Chen Ze smiled and said, "I thought you would spend 100,000 yuan on them if you wanted to take 100,000 yuan."

Li Mu smiled and said, "How can there be such a good thing?

While we provide basic services to the members who pay the membership fee, we will also cooperate with major high-end service providers to introduce additional paid items. We will let those providers who provide golf, yachts, high-end overseas tours, and high-end parties connect to us. They will provide services, and we will sell them to the members. At that time, we will encourage the members to pay in advance in our club. We will find a senior event planner to constantly customize and organize various entertainment items for them. Through us, they will organize high-end consumption. In this way, our club will not only have a certain amount of funds in the account, but also earn a considerable profit while selling high-end services. "

The high-end service industry itself was an industry with a very high gross profit. However, although the gross profit of this industry was high, the net profit was relatively average. The main reason was that selling these high-end services required a high operating cost.

The main reason was that selling these high-end services required a high operating cost. A high-end member of a golf club might cost at least 200,000 to 300,000 yuan a year, but the commission for the sales staff would be at least 5-10%, and some would even be higher.

For businesses like golf clubs, it was difficult to expand to high-end users by relying solely on their own sales team. Therefore, they would usually find businesses with high-end users to cooperate with. For example, they would find five-star hotels, or find high-end brand 4S stores, which had high-end customer resources, to carry out consignment sales. This kind of cooperation model would at least give the sales side about 20% of the sales.

If the CSC Club was successful, the high-end users that could be gathered here would definitely exceed any 4S store in Yanjing or even in the country. At that time, the club would act as consignment sales for high-end service providers like golf clubs. Not only would there be considerable sales, but they would also get at least 20% of the sales or even higher. This would also become a major source of income for the club in the future.

After listening to Li Mu's overall analysis, Chen Ze completely understood Li Mu's playstyle. No matter what Li Mu did, he pursued a complete business model. The club's future not only needed to gather high-end users, but more importantly, the club itself needed a healthy business model to maintain its own operation. Although both Li Mu and Chen Ze had enough money to maintain such a club's long-term operation, in the eyes of Li Mu, any business model that could not achieve self-sufficiency was a failed product, and he would not be interested in it.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "In the future, after we gather a large number of high-end users, the first thing we have to think about is how to provide a full range of high-end customized services for high-end users. If everyone just gets together to play with cars, brag, and play with bubbles, then such a club will not only not be of a high grade, but it will also be difficult for it to have any further development. Therefore, we not only have to consider their eating, drinking, and playing, but also something of a higher level."

"Something of a higher level?"

Chen Ze was a little puzzled. He was indeed not good at business, and his thinking in this aspect was far less flexible than Li Mu's.

Li Mu said with a smile, "You see, when the time comes, we will gather a large group of rich people. These people have very high economic strength. We can guide and lead them to do some charity activities in groups. On the one hand, it will win a better social reputation for the club, and on the other hand, it will also bring a better reputation for them. In addition, in the future, we can also set up an investment fund in the club. It will be open to all members by subscription, and then I will manage this fund to make some investments with my company or my other funds, and create a better internal financial product for everyone."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "This is interesting. Tell me more about it."

Li Mu said, "In fact, it is very simple. Let's assume that the initial scale of this fund is 100 million yuan. We will make it a structured fund, and then we will invest 50 million yuan as the secondary fund. Then, at the price of 100,000 yuan per share, we will issue 500 shares to the entire fund. Each member can subscribe to a certain number of shares, and then we will raise 50 million yuan as the priority fund. When 100 million yuan is raised, the fund will officially start operation."

"Our 50 million yuan will be the backstop of the secondary fund, bearing the greatest risk and enjoying the greatest return at the same time. The members' 50 million yuan will be the priority fund, bearing the minimum risk and enjoying the maximum return at the same time. Suppose we set a cap of 15% of the net profit per year for this priority fund, then if the 100 million yuan is earned back 30 million yuan in a year, then we will need to pay 50 million yuan to the priority fund first and 7.5 million yuan of net profit, and the remaining 22.5 million yuan of profit will belong to us. If the 100 million yuan is lost in a year, then we will still have to pay 57.5 million yuan to the priority fund first, and all the remaining losses will be borne by us."

Chen Ze asked, "What if it's all lost?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If it's all lost, then it's all lost. We don't need to pay extra for the priority fund. If it's not all lost, then let the priority fund take it first, until it has enough or it's all taken."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a monster and asked, "Where the hell did you learn so many tricks?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Isn't structured funds very common? Priority fund is also a very normal cooperation model. One has high risk and high return, and the other has low risk and low return. This way, the interests of these members can be guaranteed to the greatest extent."

As he spoke, Li Mu said again, "If this fund starts to operate, we will invest in a small part of the projects we want to invest in in the future. For example, if our Wanying wants to invest in a project worth one billion, we will let this fund invest 20 million. If I want to invest in a project worth a few hundred million, we will let this fund invest 10 million. In short, no matter what we do, we will let this fund participate in a small part. It can be considered a small benefit for our club members."

"By the way, if the scale of this fund is large enough, we can also use it to invest in the entrepreneurial projects of other club members. It won't be a problem to develop it into an internal venture capital fund. As long as we can operate a set of capital system in this circle, the cohesion of this small circle will be very strong!"

Chen Ze was speechless for a long time. After a long time, he sighed and said, "If I didn't know you and blindly set up a race track, I'm afraid I would have to pay for it. After knowing you, everything is different. In this way, I think this club can not only maintain its own operation, but also make a lot of money!"

Many of Li Mu's operating ideas not only dazzled and stunned Chen Ze, but some of these operations were also a bit unusual even after more than ten years.

In the future, there were many famous supercar clubs whose annual membership fee was about 10,000 yuan. The membership fee was not expensive, and the threshold was not high. It could gather a large group of people to have fun in a short time, and occasionally do some small things in society. Although this operation model was not risky, it was very difficult to make the club really influential.

Because the club itself had no capital support and no healthy business model, it was easy to slowly develop into a gathering place for eating, drinking, and having fun. Gradually, the members who spent money to join the club were like white-collar workers who spent money to buy a fitness card. After three minutes of popularity, they would probably no longer participate in the club's activities.

Under this operation model, no club could become big and strong. Therefore, Li Mu had to change to a new idea. He raised the price of joining the club to a certain extent, but at the same time, he gave the club members enough activity feedback. In addition, he added various customized high-end services and built an internal capital system. In this way, the club could have enough ability to rotate and produce a strong gravitational force.

Li Mu did not know that when he spoke with confidence and assurance, he had completed the whole process of deification in Chen Ze's mind.

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu with a pious face and asked him, "What should I do next?"

Li Mu said, "In addition to preparing the club's publicity, we need to find several planners who are good at high-end activity planning, and also find someone who is familiar with capital operation."

As he spoke, Li Mu suddenly thought of his own things and said to Chen Ze, "By the way, I want to do a charity project. Can you find me a great project leader?

I need someone who has strong control ability and is sensitive to the media. "

Chen Ze frowned and thought for a long time. Suddenly, his eyes lit up and he blurted out, "I know a girl who used to work in the fashion circle and has planned many big events in the domestic fashion circle. She is very capable, but she seems to have lost interest in the fashion circle some time ago. She went to the Arctic and Antarctic and Africa alone. She just came back last month. I can introduce her to you. You two can have a chat."