Chapter 25

From the first day of his rebirth, Li Mu had been thinking about how he could use his knowledge of the internet to earn enough money for his first year of university and a laptop.

What he never expected was that the first money he earned was actually earned by selling songs. Life was really full of surprises.

When Li Mu got the demo of his two songs, it was already past six o 'clock in the evening. Zhang Kexuan was very happy. He didn't want to let Li Mu, the "genius", go so quickly. He dragged him and Chen Wan to eat at the best food stall in Jinling.

Li Mu initially wanted to refuse. It should not be too late to reach Haizhou if he drove back at this hour. However, Zhang Kexuan refused, saying that it was not safe to drive at night and that he was worried.

Chen Wan also persuaded Li Mu not to rush. At most, they could go back tomorrow morning.

Zhang Kexuan suddenly thought of something and quickly said, "Oh right, there will be a live broadcast at ten tonight. If the bid is successful, there will be a night celebration in Jinling. I will bring you guys to eat at the food stall, drink cold beer, and watch the live broadcast!"

Li Mu was suddenly enlightened. It was July 13th. At ten o 'clock tonight, Samaranch would announce that Yan Jing had won the right to host the 2008 Summer Olympics in Moscow. It was indeed a national celebration. Since that was the case, he might as well … indulge himself.

Li Mu called his parents and informed them. He drove Chen Wan's A6 and followed Zhang Kexuan's Land Cruiser to a food stall in the busiest area in the city center.

In this era, it was still possible to see food stalls in the busiest area. In a few years, it would not be so lucky anymore.

The food stall that Zhang Kexuan brought them to was quite classy. The most eye-catching thing was the rear-projection TV placed in the middle. In this era, a rear-projection TV was still a rare item.

Zhang Kexuan greeted the owner, and the owner brought them to the best reserved spot. It was very close to the TV, and it was right in front of the TV.

"We often come here to watch football." After sitting down, Zhang Kexuan asked Li Mu, "Do you guys like football?"

"I like watching, but I don't really know how to play."

Zhang Kexuan laughed and said, "We don't really play football. We are really lacking in sports cells, but we just like watching."

After saying that, Zhang Kexuan added, "But this year's national football team is quite amazing. They won all six games in the Asian World Cup qualifiers."

Ye Tianming smiled and said, "Don't you know what kind of players are in the group stage? Maldives, Cambodia, Indonesia … I think the national football team will probably be defeated in the Asian Top 10 Competition."

Xia Keke said, "Sigh, why do I have a vague feeling that the national football team has a chance of reaching the World Cup this year!"

Li Mu calculated the time. The National Football Team had already finished the group stage, but the Asian Top 10 Tournament would not start until the end of August. He had a deep impression of it because he would have already reported to school and prepared for military training by then.

As for the qualification for the World Cup, it would have to wait until the beginning of October, when the national football team defeated Oman 1: 0 at the Wulihe Stadium.

That year, Li Mu was really excited, but it was all in vain. In the group stage of the World Cup, the national football team was eliminated three times in a row. They lost all three games, took nine shots, and did not score a single goal. They were defeated and returned home.

Zhang Kexuan called the boss and ordered a lot of food and drinks, focusing on a lot of barbecue and spicy crayfish. Finally, he asked the boss to bring out imported Corona beer. Looking at his high-spirited look, it could be seen that he was in a good mood.

Li Mu was also very happy. He put a bag in the trunk of Chen Wan's Audi. There was a total of 80,000 yuan in it. This money was the first money he had earned since his rebirth, but it was not the first bucket of gold. Li Mu decided not to tell his family first. He would buy a laptop in Jinling tomorrow, and then he could really start his own Internet layout.

In the summer evening, with food stalls and cold beer, and a beautiful woman like Chen Wan by his side, Li Mu felt that life was indeed quite enjoyable. Because he had completely carried the flag of "awesome" in front of Zhang Kexuan and the other three, the four of them were very respectful to him. They took turns toasting him and constantly thanked him.

As they clinked glasses, Li Mu found out that the name of the four-member band was called Jinling Noise Maker. Li Mu did not make any comments on this somewhat strange name. Anyway, he did not understand many rock band names, such as "Frosty Eve", "Sunrise Last Night", and so on.

When people who had a common topic gathered together, they talked a lot and drank a lot. After chatting for a long time, Li Mu discovered that these four rich second-generation heirs had an unparalleled passion for music and rock. He had always been a music lover, so the more they chatted, the more he felt that they were getting along.

Before he knew it, it was already 9: 30 at night. Li Mu was a little drunk, but he could see a considerable number of pedestrians gathered on the street. They were wearing national flags, holding them high, and some even had national flags painted on their faces. A large group of people gathered in the downtown area. The police were on standby, but they had no intention of interfering.

Li Mu drank a bottle of Corona and looked at the crowd around him. He looked at the large screens hanging outside the commercial buildings, which were broadcasting the live broadcast of the CCTV, and his heart was filled with excitement.

The people of Hua Xia in 2001 were very happy. There were two national celebrations. One was tonight when the bid for the Olympic Games was successful, and the other was on the 7th of October, when the national football team qualified for the World Cup.

There were more and more people, and there were even some young men who bought a bunch of purified water and drinks with their own money, and gave them to anyone they met on the street.

"The Olympic bid will definitely succeed!"

Someone shouted at the top of his voice, and the crowd immediately erupted with great energy. "The Olympic bid will definitely succeed!"

Li Mu smiled knowingly. It would definitely succeed. In about half an hour, it would really be a national celebration.

Zhang Kexuan was deeply affected and said, "I'll pay for all the Corona that the boss has. When the bid is successful, I'll give them away for free on the streets!"

The other three rich second-generation heirs immediately expressed that they wanted to participate.

Li Mu said, "You should learn from others and buy canned beer now. There are so many people. It would not be good if the beer bottles accidentally hurt others."

Zhang Kexuan suddenly realized. "You've thought it through." After saying that, Zhang Kexuan waved his hand. "Boss Zhou!"

The boss in his thirties hurried over. Zhang Kexuan was his old customer, and the business he brought made him a lot of money. Moreover, Zhang Kexuan was a straightforward person, and he did not have the arrogance of a rich second-generation heirs, so the boss had a good relationship with him.

Zhang Kexuan took out the key to his Land Cruiser from his waist, handed it to the boss, and said, "Old Zhou, help me out. We're all drunk. Drive my car out and help me buy canned beer. Buy as much as you can. When the Olympic bid is successful, I'll treat everyone on the street to a drink!"

Old Zhou was stunned, and then he slapped his thigh. "Count me in!"

At this time, there was a real sense of national pride in everyone's heart. Li Mu said, "Count me in too. There are six of us. We'll split how much beer we buy."

"Count me in too!" Chen Wan did not want to fall behind at all.

Fortunately, there were police officers maintaining the order of the crowd, and there was space on the road for cars. Boss Zhou handed the business to his wife and drove Zhang Kexuan's car away with a shop assistant. Zhang Kexuan said that he used to let Old Zhou drive for him when he drank too much.

In an era where drunk driving was not checked, as a rich second-generation heir, he had the awareness that he could not drive after drinking. Li Mu's impression of Zhang Kexuan climbed a lot.

Because the results were going to be announced at around 10 o 'clock, Old Zhou did not dare to delay. He drove around and bought about a dozen cans of beer. It was almost 10 o' clock.

Zhang Kexuan held a cigarette in his mouth and called everyone to move the dozen cans of beer out of the car and piled them up on the side of the road. There were 24 cans of beer in a box. There were more than 10,000 people in the downtown area, but it was a token of appreciation.

At around 10 o 'clock, Samaranch finally came out.

This year, there were still four candidates: Istanbul, Paris, Toronto, and Osaka. Therefore, when Samaranch did not say the name of the city, no one in Hua Xia was 100% sure that Beijing would be successful. Oh, no, except for Li Mu.

At 22: 08, Samaranch said two words on the TV, "Yan-jing."