Chapter 1233

For the first time, Wei Lan realized that the ability to see deeper, more detailed, and smaller that she had always yearned for might not be a good thing from a certain point of view.

From Li Mu, she realized that the deeper she looked, the more invested she would be, and the deeper she would be immersed in it. The deeper she looked, the more her heart would be drawn into it, and the more her heart would be drawn into it.

Wei Lan was not a saint. She had followed her father in the business world since a long time ago, and she had personally witnessed the entire process of her family's decline. She had personally experienced all kinds of despair and ugly faces. Under such circumstances, she was not philanthropic at all. Right now, she only wanted her family to live a good life, and her loved ones to live a good life. Everything else had nothing to do with her.

However, it just so happened that Li Mu was a philanthropic person.

Wei Lan hugged Li Mu and said in his ear, "Don't add unnecessary burdens on yourself. Don't forget that you are here today to promote your movie, to let the world understand Hua Xia's history, to let the world know about the sacrifices and contributions that Hua Xia has made for the world, and to change the world's prejudice against Hua Xia. Focus on doing these things well first, and don't think about other things for now. Maybe you can think about them in the future."

Li Mu gently held Wei Lan's waist and shook his head slightly.

He was different from Wei Lan. Wei Lan had never seen anything related to "Veterans Don't Die" on Weibo. She thought that the images of veterans that lingered in front of her were psychological burdens that she had imposed on herself, a kind of fantasy. However, only she knew in her heart that those faces were incomparably real, and the owners of those faces were currently struggling in various corners of the country. In the next five to eight years, if she did not do something, the entire society would probably not do anything for them.

She could not wait for the "Veterans Don't Die" public welfare project to start naturally. In the process, who knew how many veterans would leave this world forever.

Wei Lan felt Li Mu shake his head and sighed softly. She hugged Li Mu even tighter and said in a low voice, "If you want to do something, just do it. As long as you make a decision, I will always support you without hesitation."

…

Under the flashing lights, Li Mu stepped onto the stage, which was completely covered by a dark red silk cloth.

Li Mu was the pride of this era. He was the young man who received the most attention in this era. The attention that the whole world had bestowed upon him had converged into flashing lights and continuous shutter sounds.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly fell into a trance. The crisp sound of the SLR camera's shutter converged, and in his ears, it was like the continuous gunshots on the battlefield. The clicking sound was like the war symphony played by Maxim, Czech machine guns, and non-automatic rifles. What appeared in front of him was the magnificent scene of the battlefield.

Li Mu stood motionless on the stage for a minute. Except for Wei Lan, no one noticed his abnormality. Everyone seized this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and kept snapping pictures of Li Mu.

After more than a minute, Li Mu came back to his senses. He adjusted his state of mind and state, walked onto the stage, and said in perfect American English, "Ladies and gentlemen, today is the press conference for the new film collaboration between Makino Image and DreamWorks. On behalf of Makino Technology, DreamWorks, and all the main producers of this film, I would like to thank all of you for coming."

The brief opening speech triggered thunderous applause. The whole world was a little impatient. They wanted to know what kind of film it was that even Li Mu attached so much importance to.

At this time, Li Mu continued, "Before announcing the relevant details of this film, I would like to first tell you a story, a story that most people here, including most people in front of the TV, may not have heard."

"In July 1937, a former US flying instructor was invited by the government of Hua Xia to serve as an adviser to the Hua Xia Air Force. At that time, the Hua Xia Air Force was particularly weak. At that time, the Hua Xia Air Force hoped that with the help of this flying instructor, they could bring the advanced training, combat, and tactical plans of the US Air Force to the Hua Xia Air Force. During this period, the War of Resistance Against Japan broke out in Hua Xia.

"Most of you are Europeans and Americans, and your understanding of World War II may be more from the European battlefield. You do not know much about the Asian battlefield. To put it simply, the Asian battlefield of World War II was almost in Hua Xia. At that time, Japan invaded Hua Xia, and in the following eight years, Japan brought up to 35 million deaths and injuries to the people of Hua Xia, as well as 600 billion US dollars in economic losses."

The number of 35 million deaths and 600 billion US dollars made the audience exclaim in unison. Most of the people here did not know about the Asian battlefield of World War II. They had no idea that Hua Xia had paid such a huge price in casualties and losses in World War II.

Just as everyone was dumbfounded, Li Mu continued, "During World War II, the scale and cruelty of the war in Asia was no less than the war in Europe. The people of Hua Xia used their flesh and blood, and at the cost of 35 million casualties, to stubbornly resist the iron hooves of the Japanese invaders to conquer Asia. At the same time, they also stopped the Japanese army from using Asia as a springboard to join forces with the Axis of Germany and Italy to poison the world, making a huge contribution to world peace."

"As you all know, YY made a push some time ago. In that push, we listed some of the inhumane war crimes committed by the Japanese invaders in Hua Xia. However, compared to the eight years of resistance in Hua Xia and the 35 million casualties, that push was only a drop in the bucket among the countless hardships that Hua Xia suffered during the War of Resistance against Japan. The Japanese had committed countless sensational massacres in Hua Xia. Due to the harshness of this history, I will not go into detail here today."

As soon as Li Mu said this, many people in the audience suddenly came to a realization!

They remembered now!

Some time ago, when "The Last Samurai" was boycotted by people all over the world, there was a lot of content listing the atrocities committed by the Japanese fascists on the Internet. Most of these were the crimes committed by the Japanese against the people of Hua Xia. Those sensational atrocities were even more devoid of humanity than the Nazis.

At that time, most of the content that everyone saw were photos of the atrocities committed by the Japanese invaders against the people of Hua Xia, so there was no overall introduction. Today, when they heard Li Mu talk about the 35 million casualties, they combined it with the content on the Internet at that time and instantly understood the history behind this number and how heavy it was!

Seeing that everyone's expression was particularly solemn, Li Mu paused and said, "We are bringing up history today not to condemn the invasion, nor to open up the scars to gain sympathy, but to let the world understand and remember history, and never forget the real history. At the same time, we also avoid being confused by some people's wanton tampering and beautifying of history. The root of world peace comes from the people's reflection on the war, and the wanton tampering and beautifying of the invasion is the greatest violation of peace!"

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, the applause was deafening.

The previous boycott against "The Last Samurai" had already cultivated a large number of resistance and protests against Japanese Bushido and Japanese fascist invaders all over the world. Therefore, Li Mu's remarks had a very strong public base. Except for the Japanese reporters present, almost all the media reporters tried their best to applaud his remarks. 35 million casualties, this was the sacrifice that the people of Hua Xia had made for their own people, and even for the whole world. In the face of this huge number, any kind of respect was not too much.

The applause from the audience lasted for a long time. After a long time, Li Mu raised his hands to signal everyone to be quiet for the time being and continued, "It's the former US flying instructor. When Japan began its full-scale invasion of China, he witnessed how Hua Xia's army could not withstand a single blow from the Japanese army. He also witnessed the various atrocities committed by the Japanese invaders against the people of Hua Xia. Therefore, this former US flying instructor accepted the invitation of the government of Hua Xia and decided to set up an aviation school in the southwest of Hua Xia to help train the air force of Hua Xia. In the following years, he withstood the pressure of the Japanese government and trained a large number of pilots for the army of Hua Xia, allowing Hua Xia to have the power to defend its airspace."

"After 1941, this former US flying instructor returned to his hometown, the United States, and recruited a large number of support pilots. Later, these pilots volunteered to form an air force called the 'US Support Air Force.' Together with the air force of Hua Xia, they were collectively known as the Flying Tigers by the people of Hua Xia at that time. This former US pilot's name was Clare Lee Chennault."

"The people of Hua Xia are a people who will always be grateful. The Flying Tigers took to the air in Hua Xia countless times to fight against the air force of the Japanese invaders. They did their best to protect the airspace of Hua Xia and the people of Hua Xia. They even protected the Burma Highway and the famous Hump Route during World War II. At the same time, the Flying Tigers also paid a huge price in casualties, and these sacrifices were all for the sake of protecting Hua Xia."

"It's hard to imagine that a group of foreign pilots risked their lives to go to a foreign country thousands of miles away to fight against the invaders for another country. For us, they were not only fighting for the people of Hua Xia, but also for their noble and great aspirations and beliefs. For this, the people of Hua Xia will never forget this period of history and will always engrave it in their hearts. Thank you to these US pilots for the efforts and sacrifices they made for the people of Hua Xia 60 years ago."

Thunderous applause rang out again. For many people, this was the first time they had heard of this period of history. These people did not expect that in that era, there would be a group of Americans who would go to Hua Xia and fly fighter jets over the airspace of Hua Xia to fight against the foreign invaders for Hua Xia. Such an act, no matter what the purpose, did not prevent it from being labeled as "noble".

At this time, Li Mu said, "Hollywood has made many, many movies about World War II. They have filmed the war in Germany, France, Africa, and even in Southeast Asia, the Pacific, and the islands of Japan. But unfortunately, Hollywood has never filmed the war that the Americans participated in. So, this time, as a person who is loyal to the true history of Hua Xia, I am very honored that we can work together with DreamWorks to launch this film to restore the true history of the American volunteer pilots and the pilots of Hua Xia fighting against the Japanese invaders. Our only hope is that through this film, we can return the truth to history!"