Chapter 575

This time, Chen Tong was no longer the only one who was sensitive. All of Sina's higher-ups had just experienced the nightmare of the share price plummeting. Now that they had just recovered, they were like birds startled by the mere twang of a bow. Their reactions were even more sensitive and intense than Chen Tong's.

Originally, they thought that Li Mu would no longer display Sina's links on YY123 unless Sina paid YY123 for the traffic. However, they did not expect Li Mu to restore Sina's links without asking for any payment. This was supposed to be a good thing, but when Li Mu gave Sina's links on YY123 and Li Mu adjusted the other portals' links, they realized that there was going to be a huge change in the situation. If this speculation was true, then the blow to Sina would be much more severe than when they were blocked by YY.

Sina's higher-ups all guessed that Makino Technology was going to focus on portals. Even Sohu and NetEase, who were previously enjoying the benefits, immediately contacted Sina's higher-ups. All the companies affected by Makino Technology's adjustments were clearly aware of Makino Technology's ambitions. For these companies, portals were still the most important thing for them to survive. If YY really made a portal, then it would be a huge blow to everyone. This was because in this internet era where traffic was the most important, no one dared to compete with Makino Technology in terms of traffic. Makino Technology had the support of strong traffic and was almost invincible in the entire internet industry.

Chen Tong angrily called Li Mu. When the call went through, he questioned, "Li Mu, we have disbanded UC according to your request, and you have taken over all the people. What is the meaning of this?"

Li Mu pretended to be curious and asked him with a smile, "Senior Brother Chen, what do you mean by this?"

Chen Tong repeated what he said just now, but his tone was a little angrier than before.

Li Mu said, "Senior Brother Chen, calm down first. I think you might have misunderstood something."

Chen Tong asked, "How did I misunderstand you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "First of all, I never asked you to disband UC. You disbanded UC on your own. Now you say it's because of my request. Isn't this a bit confusing?"

Chen Tong was speechless. Indeed, everyone knew that Li Mu wanted Sina to disband UC, but Li Mu had never brought up such a request. He did not even mention anything related to it. Chen Tong was the one who spoke to Liu Xiaodong, and Liu Xiaodong said it vaguely. Although what Liu Xiaodong said was definitely Li Mu's intention, but if they were to argue, Chen Tong could not blame Li Mu. He could only scold Li Mu for being shameless in his heart.

So, Chen Tong swallowed his words and asked Li Mu, "What are you trying to do by adjusting the positions of Sina and the other portals on YY123?"

Li Mu smiled. "Senior Brother Chen, YY123 is Makino Technology's business. How we adjust it doesn't seem to have anything to do with other companies, right?

As for what we are trying to do, let me say something vulgar. Even the police can't control how a couple changes their posture at home, let alone their neighbors. "

"What you said is too …" Chen Tong was suddenly angry. He always had the moral integrity and style of an intellectual, so he did not know how to respond to Li Mu's words.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Words are crude, but logic is not. If YY123 is Sina's, you can adjust it however you want. I have no right to interfere at all, right?"

Chen Tong felt that Li Mu was twisting words and forcing logic. He was the one who did things immorally, and now he was trying to drag himself into it. It was too much. So he rebuked him angrily, "Stop quibbling here. You guys deliberately tricked Sina into axing UC, and now you made such a big adjustment to the positions of the major portals on YY123. Is it because you guys want to become a portal too?"

Chen Tong's tone was very angry, and naturally, there was a hint of questioning and accusation. Li Mu did not get angry when he heard it. Instead, he said very frankly, "Yes, we want to become a portal. What's wrong, Senior Brother Chen?

Can't we? "

"You …"

Chen Tong was stumped by the question "Can't we?"

In terms of content, Li Mu could not compare to him. In terms of shamelessness, he could not compare to Li Mu.

Chen Tong was angry and anxious, but he could not refute Li Mu. Li Mu's question was very practical. Makino Technology wants to become a portal. Can't they?

Of course they can. The country and the law will not interfere, and Chen Tong had no right to interfere. But when Chen Tong heard Li Mu admitted that he wanted to become a portal, he was furious with Li Mu. Now, everything made sense. Becoming a portal was Li Mu's main goal. Suppressing Sina and forcing Sina to axe UC was just a bonus for Li Mu.

Chen Tong's heart was in turmoil when he thought about how Li Mu had tricked the entire Sina. Not only had the stock price plummeted, but the products they had been working on for so long had also gone down the drain. Not only did Muye Technology not stop, but it also wanted to touch the core foundation of Sina.

But he could not blame Li Mu. What can he say?

Say that Li Mu should not have tricked Sina?

It was useless. Li Mu would never admit to it. Say that Li Mu should not have set up a portal?

It would make him look childish. Makino Technology had the freedom to do whatever he wanted. Chen Tong had no right to interfere or blame him.

Chen Tong could only sigh in anger. Li Mu is not someone he can afford to offend. Sina should not have continued with the UC project and poached Liu Xuebin and the rest over. Li Mu must have treated Sina as his biggest enemy. That's why he tried so hard to suppress Sina. Chen Tong sighed.

Depressed, Chen Tong could only say resentfully, "Li Mu, you're really a shameless person that I've rarely seen!"

After that, Chen Tong hung up the phone directly.

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said to Liu Xiaodong: "I seem to have offended Senior Brother Chen."

Liu Xiaodong shrugged his shoulders: "I guess he hates me too."

Li Mu smiled: "Forget it. Let's not contact him for now. Let's wait until he can't stay in Sina anymore, or when Sina can't hold on anymore."

Liu Xiaodong said: "Based on the current number of users of YY and YY123, it is too easy for YY to be the number one portal in China. I'm afraid these big portals will have to find another way out soon."

Li Mu smiled: "There's no other way. Makino Technology is the traffic generator of the internet."

Makino Technology was not only the traffic generator and the source of the traffic, but also the direction of the traffic!

It was even more domineering than the Three Gorges Dam in the Yangtze River. As long as there were enough channels to digest the traffic, it would never have to worry about the dam bursting. As for its downstream, as long as it wanted, it could never open the floodgates to release water downstream. The downstream companies could only pray to the heavens that Makino Technology could not digest such a huge amount of traffic. Only then could they live comfortably.

This was also the reason why Li Mu wanted to create a portal. He wanted to increase the channels and ability to digest the internal traffic. Therefore, not only did he want to create a portal, but he also wanted to create a variety of other products, such as videos, novels, games, cloud services, functional software, etc. He must make his ecosystem bigger, stronger, and complete!

At that time, most of the users and traffic controlled by Makino Technology would be digested by himself. Just like Teng Xun in the future, he would never direct his users to any other company or any product. Only when he really could not digest the traffic, he would look for external partners to exchange resources. For example, Teng Xun did not have the e-commerce gene. Even if his own e-commerce attempt failed, he would not direct the traffic to Ali for free. Not only would he not, but he would even follow Li Mu's approach and block Ali's links. Then, he would work with JD.com and direct all the e-commerce traffic of his users to JD.com.

Li Mu would not be a good guy in Internet technology. His own products, product groups, ecosystem, and users must form a complete closed loop. Not only must he nibble away at the market share as much as possible, but he must also try his best to prevent other competitors from benefiting from it. He must hold his ground and vigorously expand his territory. When he grew into a real industry giant in the future, he would make some appropriate open things, such as the future mobile Internet Wechat public platform, as well as online distribution platforms such as music, video, reading, and movie tickets. These open products and platforms would bring benefits to the whole industry. The whole industry would regard Makino Technology as a star, revolve around Makino Technology, and draw heat from the light of Makino Technology, thus further stabilizing the dominant position of Makino Technology.

It was precisely because of this idea that Li Mu would not go easy on any competitors during the growth of Makino Technology. He would not give up on any opportunities to develop. This time, he not only wanted to target Sina, NetEase, Sohu, and Yahoo's portals. He also wanted to snatch the blog from Sina and open it directly in his YY space. Then, he would snatch the "Fantasy Westward Journey" from NetEase, the domestic online game printing machine and evergreen tree, and start building a YY online game business group. He also wanted to snatch the Sogou input method and make it a part of the YY ecosystem.

Now, it was not only Sina who was worried. NetEase, Sohu, and Yahoo were also worried. Among them, the most furious was of course Sina. They had just reluctantly axed UC to express their goodwill to Makino Technology. Unexpectedly, Makino Technology had no intention of reconciling with them. Instead, they were preparing a bigger killer move. Not only did Sina not solve the problem by axing UC, but they were also intimidated by Li Mu into giving up their only weapon!

In order to compromise with the robbers blocking the door, they killed the dog guarding the door. Now, not only did the robbers not retreat, but they were also preparing to attack the door. The phrase 'suffering a double loss' could not be more suitable to describe the current Sina …