Chapter 395

Li Mu was very optimistic about Du Wei's future.

She was almost different from all the young female stars that Li Mu had known in his previous life.

First of all, she was pure without any disguise. Everything was so real and natural, which was commendable.

Secondly, her physical condition was too outstanding. Once she opened her mouth, she definitely had the strength of an A-list singer. Even if she only had one expression, she was definitely qualified to be an idol actress. If she was properly trained, she had the potential to become a powerful actress.

Thirdly, she was born into a wealthy family. Money was not everything, but once she had enough money to back her up, her starting point for art would be more pure. At least, she would not be blinded by too much utilitarianism.

In fact, there were quite a number of excellent actors and singers in China who, in order to make money, frequently took on all kinds of bad movies, sang all kinds of bad songs, participated in all kinds of commercial performances, went to various places, and took announcements. This kind of situation was completely impossible for Du Wei.

Makino Image had just released its first work this year. It had a signed director, Ning Hao, and a signed actor, Tang Wei. If they signed Du Wei, it was equivalent to having two signed actors and one signed singer.

Although the number of people was pitifully small, at least they had four major sections: directing, acting, television, and singing. Although it was small, it had all the essentials.

However, this was just the beginning. Once Makino Image began to cooperate with satellite TV stations on talent shows, they would not have to worry about the resources of singers in the future. As for the actors, it was even easier to find them. Li Mu knew a lot of big-name actors who were still idling at this moment, especially the two people who could form an iron triangle with Ning Hao: Huang Bo and Xu Zheng. Together, the three of them could support half of the sky of a powerful comedy film.

Dufy accepted Li Mu's invitation on behalf of Du Wei without hesitation. This was also the unanimous conclusion that the Du family had reached after discussing for half a month. Du Wei had her own musical dream. If she wanted to pursue this dream to the extreme, it was inevitable that she would become famous. In this case, it was better to hand Du Wei over to the person who could take care of her growth the most. Li Mu was the best choice.

Li Mu would not treat her as a money-making tool, nor would he treat her as a tool to harvest faith in the Vanity Fair. On the contrary, Li Mu would be like a gardener, carefully taking care of her growth, watering and fertilizing her, allowing her to bloom in the most beautiful manner.

Dufy looked at Li Mu and solemnly said, "Xiaowei's future is in your hands."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. He looked at Du Wei and said, "From today onwards, you are a signed artist of Makino Image. As your boss, I have to give you a gift for our first meeting."

Du Wei blinked her big eyes and asked Li Mu, "Big Brother Li Mu, what gift are you going to give me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll give you another song, a song that fits the occasion."

The three people in the room, except for Li Mu, were all curious. What kind of song was Li Mu going to give Du Wei?

Everyone knew that he was absolutely not bad. Maybe it could be another classic.

At this time, Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "The room is called Hidden Fragrance. Then I'll give you a song with the same name. When I go back, I'll take some time to write it for you, and then we'll go into the studio to record it."

Du Wei asked him in surprise, "Big Brother Li Mu, is the song you're talking about called 'Hidden Fragrance'?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right, it's called 'Hidden Fragrance'."

Du Wei looked at Li Mu with infatuation and asked with admiration, "You didn't improvise, did you?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Half and half. I already have a prototype of the melody in my head, but I only thought of the lyrics today."

Li Mu had long been used to taking things as they came. He had been reborn in 2016, and now it was 2002. He had 14 years left to overdraft. After overdrafting these 14 years, he would have to rely on himself for the rest of the road. He had to be as successful as possible in these 14 years. This success, in Li Mu's eyes, had no upper limit.

In Li Mu's memory, the song "Hidden Fragrance" should have been composed at the end of 2002. It was tailor-made by Sanbao and Chen Tao for "Celebrity Family". The standard of this song was naturally needless to say. From a certain perspective, this song also made the TV series "Celebrity Family", and it also made the singer, Sandbag Liang. If not for this song, he would not have had the chance to enter the public eye. In other words, this song forcibly made a singer who could not possibly become popular popular, which was enough to show its excellence.

If this song was given to a singer whose image, temperament, and personality were more suitable for the entertainment industry, it would definitely have a greater ability to create stars. In Li Mu's opinion, this song was more suitable for girls, especially Du Wei's ethereal voice.

Dufy was very pleased to see Li Mu take care of Du Wei like this. In fact, this was what she should do as an elder sister, but she could not be by her side to pamper her, take care of her, or pave the way for her. Now that Li Mu was here, Dufy knew that he would do better than her.

And when she thought of owing Li Mu a huge favor, Dufy hurriedly said, "Don't you want to register a company in America?

I've asked a friend over there, and it's not a big problem. You just need to find a reliable agent. If you don't have any objections, I'll help you find one. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "That's great, I couldn't ask for more."

Dufy then said, "Let's add each other's QQ, so it'll be easier to keep in touch."

Li Mu took out his phone and smiled, "Okay, what's your QQ number?

I'll make a note of it and add you when we get back. "

Dufy gave him a string of numbers, and Li Mu made a note of it in his phone. In his heart, he was thinking that it was already early March, and according to the original plan, YY should be launched this month. If it was successful, it might change the chat content of hundreds of millions of people in the future. For example, questions like "What's your QQ number?" might be replaced by "What's your YY number?"

In the PC version of instant messaging software, whoever won would be able to affect hundreds of millions of people. Especially now, it was the best time for internet products to lay a foundation. Currently, the popularity of PCs in the country was still not high, and the proportion of business PCs in internet cafes was much higher than personal PCs. This determined the strong exclusivity of the domestic instant messaging software market. In this field, only one product could succeed, and the other products could barely survive. If YY was successful, QQ would be completely destroyed, and YY would rule the industry for at least 20 years.

Dufy's flight was at 10 AM tomorrow. It was the only direct flight to New York in the country, and the flight time was 14 hours. In Dufy's own words, it was a long journey.

In order to prepare in advance and spend more time with her family, Dufy politely declined Chen Ze's suggestion to go karaoke together after dinner. The four of them came out of Prince Gong's Club, and Dufy bid farewell to Chen Ze and Li Mu before driving off with Du Wei. Chen Ze looked at Dufy's car as it disappeared from his sight, and then he turned to look at Li Mu and asked, "Do you want to go for a drink?"

Li Mu shrugged and smiled, "I'm fine."

Chen Ze nodded, "Then let's go. I have something I want to hear your opinion on."

Li Mu asked him, "Where are we going to drink?"

Chen Ze blurted out, "Of course, SugarClub. It opened not long ago, and it's already the most popular nightclub in Yanjing."

Li Mu suddenly realized that SugarClub, which he had invested in, had already opened on the sixth day of the Lunar New Year. Fatty Wang had even called him to inform him of the good news and said that there would be a ceremony before the opening, but Li Mu was in his hometown, so he could only be absent. This time, when he came back, Li Mu had forgotten about SugarClub.

Chen Ze said, "Fatty Wang has been praising you for being a god. The name SugarClub is very popular among young people, especially those girls. They keep talking about SugarClub all the time, so the shop's business is especially good."

Li Mu said happily, "Then we have to go and support them."

Chen Ze said, "Let's drive our own cars there. When we go back tonight, I'll ask Fatty Wang to arrange a driver for us."

"Okay."

…

The two of them drove to the Workers' Sports Complex one after the other. The Workers' Sports Complex was much livelier than before the New Year.

After the New Year, there were several large nightclubs and bars that opened at the Workers' Sports Complex. SugarClub was not only the largest nightclub at the Workers' Sports Complex, but it was also the largest in Yanjing.

When the car arrived at the entrance of SugarClub, Li Mu found that the parking lot in front of the entrance was almost full. In the middle of the huge neon door was a colorful candy. The font design "SugarClub" was very fashionable and cute, so it was very attractive to the eyes of women.

Li Mu and Chen Ze parked their cars under the direction of the security guard and walked into SugarClub side by side. As soon as they arrived at the entrance, the security guard stopped them and asked them to buy tickets. Chen Ze asked, "Isn't it Monday today?

Why do we need to buy tickets? "

SugarClub was like other nightclubs. It didn't usually charge tickets, but men had to buy tickets to enter on Friday and Saturday nights.

The security guard said, "I'm sorry, sir. The company has a rule that men have to pay for tickets during the first month of the lunar calendar."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and shook his head with a smile. "Fatty Wang is obsessed with money."

After saying that, he took out his wallet and took out a card from it and handed it to the security guard.

The security guard glanced at it and saw that it was a diamond membership card for SugarClub. He immediately stood up and apologized to Chen Ze. Then, he moved and made a gesture to invite them in. After the two of them entered, he immediately pressed the switch on the walkie-talkie and said, "Diamond Card Number One is here!"

Chen Ze was SugarClub's Diamond Card Number One. For Fatty Wang, Chen Ze was the most important relationship he had, so after the club opened, he immediately ordered a batch of diamond cards and specially gave the number 001 to Chen Ze.

On the day of the opening, Chen Ze came over to give a flower basket and had a meal with everyone. However, he had never come to SugarClub before. Today was the first time.

Fatty Wang was in the general manager's office on the third floor, making out with a beautiful woman he met in the club. When he heard the walkie-talkie say that Customer Number One was here, he immediately got up from the woman and said, "I'm going downstairs."

The beautiful woman asked him, "Who is Customer Number One? Why do you care so much about him?"

Fatty Wang chuckled and grabbed her chest. He said, "Don't ask so many questions. Just wait for me here."

The beautiful woman pouted. "I'm not going to wait for you. I'm going downstairs to play for a while."