Chapter 1125

Ever since Li Mu started his business, he had met many people who tried to scam him. There were even people like Elon Musk, who flew thousands of miles across the ocean to scam him in order to sell his company at a good price.

But then again, most of the scammers had their limits. They just wanted to gain popularity from Makino Technology or Taobao. No one wanted to gain popularity and attack Li Mu at the same time. This time, the investors of "The Hero" had broadened Li Mu's horizons.

In order to celebrate the "reverse rise" in the box office, which exceeded 10 million RMB in a single day, "The Hero" had specially made its presence known on some media. This kind of operation of buying the box office and creating hype was actually very common in the film and television industry. The purpose was to trick those who didn't know the truth into buying tickets and supporting the movie. Li Mu didn't have any negative feelings towards this kind of practice. This was already the unspoken rule of the industry, and he didn't want to be a disciplinary committee in the entertainment industry.

But then again, it was not a problem to boost the box office. But when it came to boosting the box office, it was unacceptable for Li Mu to invite a group of fake audience members to be interviewed and also to trample on "Those Years".

What made Li Mu the most unhappy was that not long after the TV report appeared, a group of fake water armies emerged on the internet. They criticized "Those Years" for being exaggerated and lacking in depth, and praised "The Hero" as the best work in the history of Chinese movies.

What really annoyed Li Mu wasn't these people's belittling of "Those Years". It was mainly because he could be said to be the ancestor of the online fake water armies. He didn't expect to be criticized by a group of fake water armies. It was really infuriating.

From Li Mu's point of view, competition was also about means and limits. Since "Those Years" and "The Hero" were released at almost the same time, the competition between them was inevitable. Li Mu wanted "Those Years" to be an instant hit and make Makino Image famous, so he needed "Those Years" to dominate the market with an absolute advantage.

In this case, both "The Hero" and "Black Bear" were competitors in Li Mu's eyes. Naturally, he had to suppress them within a reasonable range. However, his suppression was purely based on resources. His three-in-one advertising campaign could imperceptibly compress "The Hero's" development space to the limit.

This kind of competitive method was like a Go master. Without touching his opponent, he would try his best to block all the development space of his opponent, forcing him to struggle in a narrow space. Although this kind of competitive method was cruel to the opponent, it was completely in line with the ethics of competition.

However, he didn't expect that "The Hero" would use a similar method of personal attack to directly attack "Those Years". Whether it was a TV interview or an online fake water army, their favorite argument was that "Those Years" was a trash work with no foundation and connotation, while "The Hero" was the exact opposite. It was simply a classic epic masterpiece.

Li Mu was especially disgusted by this argument. It was very similar to the criticism that Guo Degang had faced before. Some crosstalk masters criticized his crosstalk for being vulgar and lacking in educational value. However, crosstalk itself was a kind of art that made people happy. If it only focused on educational value and lost its essence, wouldn't that be putting the cart before the horse?

If crosstalk itself was only educational but not funny, then it would really be too funny.

Therefore, on the other hand, since everyone was aiming for the box office, then no one should brag about their cultural heritage and artistic attainments. Using these arguments to fight for the box office was really disgusting.

Zhao Kang was the head of the largest fake water army in the country. He knew the movements of this fake water army like the back of his hand. When he found out that "The Hero" had hired fake water army to defame "Those Years" online, he immediately got in touch with Li Mu. He angrily asked Li Mu, "Little Mu, how are you going to fight back?

Just tell me, and I'll make sure that my people will criticize 'The Hero' online until it becomes dog sh * t! "

Li Mu smiled and shook his head. "Don't. I'm not at the stage where I'll just ignore anyone who tries to make trouble for me. Besides, 'The Hero' obviously doesn't have enough exposure. They're trying to ride on our popularity. If we go online and criticize them, wouldn't we be playing right into their hands?"

Zhao Kang asked anxiously, "Then what should we do?

Are we just going to let them run their mouths? "

Li Mu said, "It's actually very simple for these people. It's like playing Go. The more they try to break out of the encirclement, the more I have to stabilize my position. I can't let them have any chance to take advantage of me."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "Wait for my news. Tomorrow, I'll ask YY to organize a nationwide event. After the event is released, ask your people to promote it on the internet."

Zhao Kang originally wanted to ask what kind of event Li Mu was going to organize so that he could give him some advice. However, when he thought that Li Mu always had his own considerations, he didn't ask any further. Tomorrow, he would naturally know what Li Mu was going to do.

After hanging up Zhao Kang's call, Li Mu immediately contacted Kong Lingyu. He said to him as soon as he got on the phone, "I'm going to organize a big event related to 'Those Years' on YY. Write down a few things and immediately arrange for the technical team to prepare overnight."

Kong Lingyu hurriedly said, "Boss, tell me. I'll write it down."

Li Mu said with a serious expression, "First, ask the technical team to develop a secondary page. The page needs to implement two product functions. One is to allow users to upload pictures, and the other is to directly use the computer camera to take pictures and upload them."

"OK, custom upload and camera upload. I've written it down."

Li Mu grunted and then said, "In the management backstage of YY, we need to add a column for manual review. All the pictures uploaded by netizens will be summarized here and our website editor will review them manually."

"OK, the backstage corresponding display and manual review."

Li Mu said again, "In addition, design a lottery mechanism. Every day, 100 people will be randomly selected from all the users who upload pictures and pass the review. Users can't win twice."

"OK, 100 people will be selected every day. No repetition."

Speaking of this, Kong Lingyu couldn't help but ask, "Boss, what kind of event are you going to organize?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "What's the hurry? I'm not finished yet. You'll understand when I finish."

Kong Lingyu hurriedly said, "Then please continue."

Li Mu said, "Let the page design and art designers come up with a design plan. The theme is: YY brings you to relive 'Those Years'. The specific content of the event is: YY users in any city can participate in the event as long as they watch 'The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years' in the cinema and take a photo of the movie ticket and upload it."

"The selected users will receive a five-day tour of Egret Island provided by Makino Technology, which includes a field visit to the actual shooting site of 'Those Years' and a tour of the famous scenic spots of Egret Island. All the transportation, accommodation, and food expenses will be borne by Makino Technology."

When Kong Lingyu heard this, he exclaimed, "Boss, you said that 100 people will be selected every day. Are they all free tours?"

Li Mu said, "30 people will be selected every day, and the remaining 70 will be souvenirs. The original soundtrack album of 'Those Years' has already been authorized by the record company to produce it. When the time comes, each person will be given a signed album and a poster, and an additional 1,000 YY coins will be given to each of these 70 people."

Kong Lingyu said, "OK, I understand!"

Li Mu said, "When you advertise, you must make it clear that this online lucky draw will continue until three days after the movie goes offline."

"OK!"

Li Mu thought about it and felt that one hundred lucky users a day was not enough, so he said, "How about this, I'll add one more thing. Every day, ten thousand people will be randomly selected from the users participating in the event, and they will be given a six-month YY membership worth sixty yuan."

"OK, we'll write a script. Backstage, we'll directly add the six-month membership to the accounts of the 10,000 lucky viewers every day. Once the list is out, it will take effect immediately."

"OK."

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction. He thought to himself, 'When The Hero took the initiative to provoke me, I never had the habit of not fighting back. So this time, of course, I'll take it head-on. However, the way I take it would not only ruin The Hero's plan, but also push it further into a dead end.'

What Li Mu wanted to do was to further increase the influence of 'Those Years' across the internet, and even the whole country, and further weaken the pitiful popularity of The Hero. Then, even if you bought 30 million RMB in the box office every day, you wouldn't be able to attract the attention of the users!

Aren't you here to threaten me and slow me down?

Very well, then not only will I not stop to check on your injury, I'll step on the gas pedal, drive the car fast, and give you a crushing attack!

I won't just make you go for wool and come home shorn!

The key is to make you cry without tears! '

Thinking of this, Li Mu's fighting spirit rose from the bottom of his heart. He suddenly became interested and said to Kong Lingyu, "Old Kong, one more thing!

After the movie goes offline, we'll pick three super lucky people from all the users who participated in the event. Each of them will be given a 120-square-meter commercial house on Egret Island, and the tax will be paid by us. "

Kong Lingyu laughed and said, "Boss, this is awesome. The house price on Egret Island should be around 5,000 RMB, right?

Plus the 20% income tax, it's worth at least 700,000 RMB. "

Li Mu said, "700,000 RMB is a small matter. The main thing is to further increase the social influence of 'Those Years' through this event, to the peak!"

"Understood!"

Kong Lingyu also said with excitement, "Then, should I arrange for someone to go to Egret Island to inspect it and buy the houses in advance?"

"No need!"

Li Mu said, "The publicity document needs to be put up immediately. We can't hang it up after we buy the houses. So, tomorrow's publicity document will be like this: The super lucky people can choose the house they like from all the new real estate on sale in Egret Island. As long as the area of the house is no more than 120 square meters, the unit price is unlimited. We'll pay the bill after you choose!"

"Wow!" Kong Lingyu exclaimed, "Let the lucky people choose any house on Egret Island?

That's so generous! "

While saying that, Kong Lingyu counted and said, "Boss, let me repeat. Every day, we'll pick 30 people to visit Egret Island for free; 70 people will get signed albums, posters, and 1,000 YY coins; 10,000 people will get YY membership for half a year. Then, we'll pick three people from all the audience and give them a commercial house no more than 120 square meters on Egret Island. Is that right?"