Chapter 438

Li Mu really wanted to buy a house.

On the one hand, he didn't have a house in Yanjing. On the other hand, considering the housing prices in Yanjing, it was always a good thing to buy a house earlier. It was very easy to buy a house with the extra money he had.

Before, Li Mu had this idea, but buying a house was not a necessity for him. He was too busy to care about it. However, for Zhao Kang, he always had the idea of buying a house in his heart. After all, he was now in a relationship with Wang Jiashang, and the two of them often went out to get a room. Although Zhao Kang didn't care about the money to get a room, he also wanted to have a fixed little love nest. That kind of feeling was completely different from going to a hotel to get a room. The psychological satisfaction of the latter was obviously much stronger.

Seeing that he mentioned buying a house, Li Mu decided to take the time to take a look. If there was a suitable house, he would buy one.

Then Li Mu called Chen Ze again. The car had been brought back, and he still needed his help with the license plate. Moreover, it wasn't just one license plate, but two cars for himself and Zhao Kang.

For Chen Ze, two sets of A8 license plates were not difficult. When Li Mu called and explained the situation, he immediately guaranteed to Li Mu and said, "I will arrange it later. The vehicle management office will be working on Monday, and they will contact you to arrange a time to get the license plate."

When Li Mu heard this, he was relieved and thanked him. Chen Ze said, "By the way, I contacted a high-end track design company in Italy. Their surveyors will arrive in China next week. I am going to take them to survey the land we want, choose a suitable location, and come up with a mature design plan. Once the design plan is out, we can prepare for the construction of the track."

Li Mu asked him, "Is there any problem with the land?"

Chen Ze said, "I've already talked to the municipal government about the entire piece of land. After choosing the location, the municipal government can approve the land use permit at any time. I've already cleared all the procedures."

Li Mu asked again, "If we start to design the location of the racetrack, we'll have to start building the supporting facilities for our future CSC club as soon as possible. How's your communication with Dufy going?"

Chen Ze said excitedly, "I've basically confirmed it with her. She'll resign and come back after the race track is selected. Then she'll directly join us and Brother Liang's real estate company."

As he spoke, Chen Ze continued, "I promised her that our real estate company would develop a large-scale commercial real estate within three years and let her be the chief designer. If it doesn't happen, I'm afraid she'll hate me to death."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry. It's not a big problem to operate a large-scale commercial real estate in three years. If everything goes well, it's not impossible to do it in two years."

Chen Ze said, "I can't care so much now. Let's get her back first. I'll leave the rest to you."

After chatting with Chen Ze, Li Mu waited until the evening, which was the morning of New York time. He specially called Dufy.

He had been looking for Dufy for two reasons.

First, he didn't know how the registration of the company was going. Second, he wanted to ask if she knew any reliable industrial designers or teams.

When he thought of Mark Zuckerberg.

Facemash would be launched in October this year, which would be the prelude to his venture. Li Mu felt that he had to get the main Facebook domain name and a series of related domain names in the first half of the year no matter what. It would be best if he could put it directly under the name of an American company. This way, whether it was the domain name transaction or the future communication with Mark Zuckerberg, it would be much more convenient.

It would be much more convenient to communicate with Mark Zuckerberg and even invest in Mark Zuckerberg.

Also, Taobao was already in development. Not only had Fang Xudong been developing the core architecture, but he would also return to China soon. Taobao would be online soon. At that time, he would have to create a customized MP3 player on Easy Listening. The design matter was also urgent.

Dufy told Li Mu over the phone that the company had almost gone through the necessary procedures. Currently, they only needed to wait for the final review. It would definitely be settled within a few working days. As for the industrial design, after she heard about Li Mu's needs, she said to Li Mu, "I realized that you're very lucky. No wonder people like you always have money in their pockets!"

Li Mu was surprised and asked, "Why do you say that?"

Dufy said, "I happen to know a British chick. She graduated from Northumbria University School of Design in the United States in 2000. It is one of the most prestigious schools in the design profession, and she is recognized as a genius by the school. After graduation, she traveled around the world on her own while taking industrial design orders from some companies. Before she graduated, she designed a mobile phone for Ericsson and won an award in Sweden. Before she graduated, she had already worked with Siemens, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and other top 500 companies. Her skills are amazing. Now, she has received offers from several large international companies."

Li Mu sighed. "So high-end?

I just want to design an MP3 player. I don't know if they will like it. "

Dufy said, "She does industrial design for electronic products. Isn't MP3 popular now?

Do you know that there is a company called Apple in the United States? They have a very good MP3 player called iPod? "

Li Mu nodded. "Of course I know."

But in his heart, he said, "Actually, I am going to copy the design of the iPod Nano 4. Why would I tell you?"

Dufy said, "She is a die-hard fan of the iPod, so I think she will be very interested in designing an MP3 player."

Li Mu asked her, "Do you have her contact information?"

Dufy said, "She doesn't have a mobile phone abroad. She only uses email and MSN. She seems to be in a country near Hua Xia now. She told me on MSN that she is going to arrive in Hua Xia in early May."

Li Mu was delighted and said, "That's great. It would be great if we can meet and talk. Help me ask her when she will arrive in Huaxia. Tell her to make sure that her first stop is Yan Jing. I will entertain her the whole way. We can talk business while traveling around Yan Jing." "That's right.

"Okay!"

Dufy said, "She is the kind of girl with a very cool personality. She is also very emotional. If you take care of her well, you might become friends."

Li Mu said, "Are you worried about me?

If she comes to Beijing, I will definitely make her feel at home. "

Dufy said, "Then I will leave a message on MSN later and see if she can go to Hua Xia in advance. I will then tell her about your situation. If she is interested, you can meet and talk about the rest."

"Okay!"

After communicating with Dufy, Li Mu couldn't help but think, "If the other party is really as Dufy said, a very talented industrial designer, then this person is really like charcoal in a snowstorm."

For the current era, electronic products had not yet entered the era of smart devices. The core of digital products was actually still industrial design. Before the arrival of smart phones, other than Nokia because of its cost-effective and durable quality, the other popular mobile phones were basically because of their excellent industrial design.

Whether it was Samsung's sliding and rotating camera, LG's blushing chocolate, or Motorola's Razr-V3, they were all products that won by design, especially the V3, the world's most classic flip phone. With its excellent industrial design, it achieved global sales of 130 million units. Li Mu still remembered the nickname of the V3 — Blade.

Li Mu wanted to use the MP3 player to promote the development of Easy Listening and Taobao at the same time. Therefore, the MP3 must be as perfect as possible, especially in terms of industrial design. If it could amaze the consumers, then his plan would definitely be a great success. Therefore, a good industrial designer was indispensable.

Moreover, Li Mu also had a hardware dream in his heart. Hardware was the biggest piece of cake in the future Internet market. Any Internet person with great ambitions would not give up the pursuit of hardware. However, Li Mu never thought about the dream of hardware manufacturing too early. He wanted to wait two years, wait until the smartphone was ready to enter the hardware market.

However, if the time came earlier, it might not be a bad thing to enter the hardware market earlier.

Apple was powerful not only because of its software, but also because of its hardware sales. Microsoft and Apple were strong in the software industry, but Microsoft was far behind Microsoft in terms of hardware. Hardware products that cost thousands or even thousands of RMB were much more expensive than the software industry or the Internet virtual services industry. Once the users became addicted to hardware, this high RMB investment would be cyclical. An experienced Apple fan could invest at least 10,000 USD in Apple products within three years. The profit margin was huge.

Thinking of that, Li Mu paid more attention to the custom-made MP3 player. If he chose a good starting point and could come up with an amazing product, it might be a good opportunity to enter the field of hardware. Looking at the hardware market from the perspective of the future, in fact, it was not much more difficult than the software market. As long as he chose the right way, he could start the hardware business easily. The most important thing was that he would never produce any hardware by himself.

When an Internet company manufactures hardware, they only need to do the industrial design and software design, and then choose a reliable OEM to produce the hardware. All they need to do is to strictly control the quality, and the hardware production will be done. All that's left is marketing and sales.

The current electronic hardware manufacturers were still constantly setting up sales channels, from the head office to the regional general agent, to the provincial agent, and then to the municipal agent. The establishment of this sales channel was quite difficult, and there were a lot of distributors that needed to be managed and maintained. Not only did it greatly increase the cost, but it also increased many uncontrollable factors. But for the current manufacturers, they had no other way, because e-commerce was still a baby in its infancy. The large manufacturers would not pay attention to it, nor would they see how useful it would be.