Chapter 318

Li Mu was woken up by Ning Hao's phone calls one after another. One of the highlights of "Old Boys", the talent show's live scene, was about to start filming. The production team had rented a film studio in the suburbs of Beijing, and according to Li Mu's request, they had transformed it into an audition scene for "Good Songs of China". Now, the film studio had been set up overnight, and all that was left was for Li Mu to inspect the results of the work. If it didn't work, it would be immediately rectified; if it worked, they would start filming immediately.

Li Mu promised to be there before 11 o 'clock, and Ning Hao was satisfied. He said to Li Mu, "I'll wait for you here, 11 o' clock. Don't be late. The rent for this studio alone is a few thousand yuan a day. It hurts my heart."

Li Mu promised to be there on time, and then he hurriedly got up to wash up. While brushing his teeth, he played with his phone with one hand, only to find that Su Yingxue had sent him a message in the morning, asking if he was awake.

Li Mu casually replied to Su Yingxue, "Just woke up, what are you doing?"

"I'm waiting for you to wake up, and then I'll drag you out for breakfast."

"You're not going to your aunt's house today?"

"I have class tomorrow, so I won't go today."

"Then do you have any plans for today?"

"No, waiting for my boyfriend to arrange it."

"Haha, my boyfriend is about to finish washing up, and then he'll wait for you downstairs. Let's go out and play today."

"Really?

Where are we going? "

"It's a secret for now."

"Okay, then I'll wait for you in the dormitory."

After washing up, Li Mu got dressed and said goodbye to his roommates before hurrying out of the door. Sun Jian saw Li Mu run away like a wisp of smoke, but he didn't have the time to say anything.

Xue Jianfeng clapped his hands and said, "See, what did I say? There's no need to wait for him to have breakfast together. He just started dating, how would he have time to eat with us?"

Sun Jian scratched his head. "It's my fault. Let's hurry up and go. I don't know if the cafeteria has finished buying the fried dough sticks. I don't want to eat the cafeteria's stuffed buns."

Liu Nian said, "Oh, right, where did Brother Dao go?"

Xue Jianfeng shrugged. "The Righteous Path has been very elusive lately. Once the dummies are released, they disappear without a trace. There's still no news of them. Should we give them a call and ask?"

Sun Jian said, "We'll ask him when he comes back. Come, let's go eat."

When Li Mu arrived at Su Yingxue's dormitory, many male students were standing there with breakfast in their hands. They seemed to be delivering breakfast to their girlfriends or the girls they liked. When these people saw Li Mu, they all smiled and nodded to greet him. In fact, they were muttering in their hearts. Li Mu, who was so arrogant at school, was now running to his girlfriend's dormitory as soon as he got up.

Su Yingxue came out wearing a gray coat and a huge hoodie covering her head. Her face was almost hidden. She stepped in front of Li Mu and revealed her palm-sized face from under the hoodie. She blinked and asked Li Mu, "Have you had breakfast?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Let's go to the breakfast shop at the entrance of Yucheng Garden. We'll drive out."

Su Yingxue replied, "Okay, I'll listen to you." Then, she took Li Mu's arm and followed Li Mu out of the school.

In Li Mu's impression, he had never seen Su Yingxue rely on a man like a little girl. Although it was strange, he enjoyed it in his heart. From his point of view, the current Su Yingxue was less and less like the strong woman from her previous life. Maybe because she was with him in this life, he could change the focus of Su Yingxue's life in the future.

After the two of them ate at the entrance of the neighborhood, Li Mu drove Su Yingxue straight to the set. The main task this morning was to build the studio. Li Mu didn't know that Su Yingxue wasn't interested in these new things. He also didn't want the set to be the place for the two of them to go on their first date. However, Ning Hao was watching the progress too closely. No matter what, he had to set a good example for the whole crew.

…

When Li Mu drove Su Yingxue to the set, Hui Ka Ming deliberately invited Chen Ze for morning tea in order to help Li Mu probe Chen Ze. After the two met and chatted for a while, Chen Ze asked if something happened to Li Mu last night. Hui Ka Ming wasn't surprised at how well-informed he was, so he told Chen Ze about what happened to Li Mu last night.

After hearing it, Chen Ze smiled and commented, "If Li Mu was given more time to truly integrate into the big circle in Beijing, this circle would definitely become much more interesting."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "There's something more interesting. Do you want to hear it?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Go ahead."

Hui Ka Ming said, "Lin Lin shook hands with Li Mu yesterday."

"Really?"

Chen Ze said in surprise, "I tried my best to persuade her last time, and she only promised me that she wouldn't cause trouble for Li Mu for the time being. Why did she suddenly shake hands with him?

Did Li Mu apologize to her? "

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Li Mu didn't apologize to her, but she took the initiative to reconcile with Li Mu. Her request to reconcile was also very interesting. Li Mu gave her three hundred packets of Happy Farm prop fertilizer, and Lin Lin completely forgave him. She even called me this morning, saying that she wanted to find an opportunity to treat Li Mu to a meal, but she was afraid that it would be awkward, so she wanted to ask me to accompany her."

Chen Ze was completely stunned. "What's going on?"

Hui Ka Ming asked him, "Have you played Happy Farm?"

Chen Ze nodded. "Yes, but that's all. It doesn't really suit my character. I've been thinking about playing Karting Racing recently."

Hui Ka Ming then said, "This game is now very popular in the country, and the number of people online every day is more than Legend of Mir. Most people will be addicted to it."

Chen Ze listened and sighed. "I'm afraid that Li Mu will become a powerful mixer in this circle in the future."

Hui Ka Ming asked curiously, "What do you mean by a mixer?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "He can break the hard blocks into pieces, and then put them back together again. Not only that, he's also a natural game breaker. If you sign the contract with him, you'll be the first in the Xu family's peer assessment after a year. But if he doesn't sign the contract with you, you'll be the last. Tell me, isn't he a game breaker?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "What I'm worried about now is that if I sign the contract with Li Mu, Xu Jiahua will jump out and cause trouble for me."

Chen Ze said, "He will definitely cause trouble for you. Because anyone who knows about the internet will tell you that Makino Technology has a great future. It has users, customers, and products. In less than half a year, it has grown from zero to 50 million, and then to 800 million. Think about it, how strong will it become in another year?

How could Xu Jiahua just watch you seize this opportunity to counterattack and kill him? "

Hui Ka Ming said, "If he wants to cause trouble for me, I'll fight him. This is my last chance, I can't let him stop me no matter what."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "If you need me, I won't just stand by and watch."

Hui Ka Ming thanked him and said, "Oh yes, Li Mu wants me to ask you if you're interested in investing in Makino Technology?"

Chen Ze raised his eyebrows and asked, "Did Li Mu say that?"

Xu Jiaming said, "Of course. What I said doesn't count. Li Mu doesn't know your situation very well. He doesn't know if it's convenient for you, and he doesn't know if you're willing or not, so he asked me to ask you. Li Mu's words hinted that if you come in, the valuation he gives you will be much lower than the valuation he gave me."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "He's an interesting person. I'm sure anyone would be willing to invest in Makino Technology now, including me. But it depends on how it's done."

Hui Ka Ming said, "As long as you're willing. I'll inform Li Mu later. He'll definitely talk to you about the details."

"Alright."

…

Du Wei was in a good mood these days. Two days ago, at the New Year's Eve Gala of the Academy of Music, her simple plan of four people suddenly appearing on the stage to accompany her performance immediately caused a huge sensation in the school. On Friday night, she won the Best Singer Award at the New Year's Eve Gala. For the students of the Academy of Music, the New Year's Eve Gala was held once a year, and everyone was a professional talent. To be able to win the Best Singer Award at such an annual gala was definitely a great honor for the students of the Vocal Department.

Du Wei had just received the video of her performance from the school yesterday, and then she sent it to her sister, Dufy, who was far away in the United States. She didn't expect that her sister, who had always been strict with her, would also praise her performance. Du Wei was so happy that she didn't sleep well the whole night.

She didn't get up until ten o 'clock in the morning. Before Du Wei had time to wash up, she received a call from an American number. It was her sister.

Du Wei answered the call and asked in a sweet voice, "Sister, why are you calling me so early?"

"It's already ten o 'clock in the evening, is it still early?" Dufy deliberately asked her in a slightly strict tone, "Lazy girl, did you just wake up?"

Du Wei smiled shyly and said, "I've been up for a while."

"I don't believe you." Dufy snorted and then went straight to the point, "Oh yes.

You said that the director of the micro film you acted in is called Li Mu, right? "

"Yes, Brother Li Mu, what's wrong?"

Dufy asked again, "Is it Li Mu from Renmin University?

Did he set up a website called 3321? "

"Yes," Du Wei asked curiously, "Sister, why are you suddenly interested in the identity of Brother Li Mu?"

Dufy said, "I have a good friend in the United States who graduated from Renmin University. When she has nothing to do, she often goes abroad to a student forum of Renmin University. She shared a song with me, which was sung by Li Mu at the party of the National People's Congress."

"Really?"

Du Wei was also very surprised and said, "I still don't know how good Brother Li Mu's singing is. Did you hear it?"

"Yes."

Dufy said, "The song he sang seemed to be written by him. The name of the song is' Rice Shop '. That's not the most important thing. The most important thing is that many people speculate that he is the Mu who sang' Zebra Zebra 'and' When You're Old '!"

Du Wei was stunned for a while and then asked incredulously, "Is what you said true?

Brother Li Mu is Mu?

I like his songs the most. Although there are only two songs, they have always been the two songs that have been looped the most in my MP3! "

Du Fei said, "I didn't believe it at first, but after I compared it carefully, I realized that it was 80% true. You can go to their school's forum and listen to 'Rice Shop'. You're a music student, so you can definitely tell if the two are the same person. Because of my friend, the Chinese circle here is listening to this' Rice Shop '. Whether they understand music or not, they all gave it a very high evaluation and are full of praise for this song."

Du Wei hurriedly said, "Okay, then I will go and listen to it now."

Dufy said, "Don't rush. Let me ask you, have you finished shooting that movie?"

Du Wei replied, "Not yet. It will probably take about half a month or so."

Dufy asked again, "Then have you decided on the theme song and interlude song for this movie?"

Du Wei said, "Yes, the theme song is' Old Boys', and the interlude song is' Fly Higher '. Brother Li Mu said that a part of' Sunflower 'will also be used in the middle. The three songs are all simple plans."

Du Fei replied with an "oh" and said, "I wasn't very supportive of you acting in this cliché micro movie at first, but I watched the video of your performance yesterday and listened to Li Mu's live recording. I have an idea."

Du Wei said, "Sister, if you have any ideas, just tell me."

Dufy said, "Look, first of all, I have always believed in your talent in music. Your appearance, singing, and piano skills are all very good, and there is a high chance that you will become a capable and idol female singer. It is just that you are too young now. I originally wanted to wait until you graduate or when you are about to graduate to find some relevant resources for you to try to enter the industry. But now there is a good opportunity in front of you. The most important thing to enter the music industry is to have good songs. Although only three songs written by Li Mu have been announced, the quality of his works is really high. If he can write a good song for you to sing and put your song in his micro movie, it will definitely lay a very good foundation for you in the industry."

Du Wei was stunned when she heard that. After a moment, she said awkwardly, "Brother Li Mu is very busy. He may not have time to write songs for me. Besides, I am not ready to enter the music industry. I am just a freshman …"

Dufy interrupted her and said, "You have to be famous as soon as possible. Now that your relationship with Li Mu is maintained by this movie, it is more likely that he will agree to this request. If you wait until the movie is finished, it will be difficult to find him to write songs for you. Besides, when that time comes, how can you get a free ride from this movie?"

Du Wei said, "Sister, I don't want to trouble Brother Li Mu. Besides, I really do not want to enter the music industry or become famous …"

Dufy said, "He kidnapped you to make a movie. Aren't you afraid of becoming famous?"

Du Wei explained, "I am making this movie because I can perform with Brother Kexuan and the others. Besides, I really like this story, so I agreed. Besides, our movie will not be shown in the cinema, so I guess not many people will know about it."

Seeing that she could not persuade her sister, Dufy said, "Go and listen to his' Rice Shop 'first. This matter is not urgent. Think about it first. I will talk to you tomorrow."

Du Wei said obediently, "Sister, then I will go and listen to the song."

"Go, talk to you tomorrow."

After Dufy, who was far away in the United States, hung up the phone, she could not help muttering, "Stupid girl, you don't know how to grasp such a good opportunity. If you don't grasp it well, I will help you grasp it."