Chapter 477

Lin Qingya's efficiency had always been exceptionally high.

The next morning, she had already drafted a new contract and sent it to her subordinates who were preparing to sign the contract with the OEM. She also asked them to change their negotiation ideas and strive to negotiate a new contract.

The staff immediately took the new contract to communicate with the OEM. This is the first time the OEM saw Lin Ching-ah doing such a thing. The buyer is afraid that the OEM will not sell the MP3 player, and the buyer insists on signing an advance order agreement and paying a deposit. If the OEM refuses to sell the MP3 player, the buyer will compensate them 10 times.

Why would I refuse to sell the MP3 player? I can't wait to sell more!

The MP3 player market is ever-changing, and there are many domestic and foreign brands. There are many unbranded or small brands in China. Therefore, the MP3 player industry is ever-changing. There are many companies introducing MP3 players, but most of these companies' core business is not in the MP3 player industry. Therefore, they are more cautious about the MP3 player. Currently, the earliest MP3 player orders from the OEM are only three months away. The orders after three months have not been received yet. For example, the orders for the fourth month might only be received next month or even the month after that.

Because of this, the OEM is worried about the future orders for the MP3 player production line. This is the first time they met someone who is willing to sign a one-year contract. It will be strange if the OEM does not agree.

Within a day, the OEM signed a contract with two OEM companies. The Taiwanese OEM signed a contract for 1.05 million units, and the Shenzhen OEM signed a contract for 1.6 million units.

However, the situation of the two companies was similar. The Taiwanese OEM could only provide up to 150,000 units of production capacity for Yi Ting Technology in the first three months, but from the fourth month onwards, the production capacity could be increased to 100,000 units per month in the next nine months. The Shenzhen OEM could only provide up to 250,000 units of production capacity in the first three months, but the production capacity could be increased to 150,000 units per month in the next nine months.

In this regard, Easy Listening Technology needed to pay 30% of the price of the first batch of 100,000 units, and 10 yuan for each unit to all the intention orders in a lump sum, which was no more than 20 million yuan, which Li Mu could still afford.

However, spending more than 20 million yuan was like buying an insurance policy for himself. If the OEM wanted to stop cooperating with him under pressure, he would have to carefully weigh whether he could afford the compensation. This was a total of more than 200 million yuan. For the OEM whose profit was already very slim, it was basically impossible to afford it.

This is what Li Mu wants. First, he will use the money to make a collar for the OEM. When the OEM is willing to wear it, Li Mu will not tighten the rope. However, if the OEM tries to break free, the collar will kill them.

The OEM signed the contract, and Yi Ting Technology paid as promised. The two OEM factories immediately started production.

A few days ago, Li Mu racked his brains for the name of the hardware brand. After thinking for a long time, he could not think of a suitable name. Later, when he was about to sign the contract, he decided to pursue catchiness like Apple. Therefore, he created a hardware brand logo, Mango. At that time, Li Mu thought that maybe when people mention the fruit machine in the future, they will not be talking about Apple, but Mango.

Apple's logo was an apple with a bite. Li Mu did not use the image of a mango as his own brand's logo. Instead, he used an artistic English Mango as his brand's logo. The font was a bit similar to Philip and Nokia, but he used the orange color of a mango, which looked very cool.

The first hardware product of the Mango brand is the MP3 player that is about to start production. Li Mu has absolute confidence to make it a hit.

After the OEM was settled, Li Mu went to Taobao's office to meet with Liu Xiaodong and Fang Xudong.

Li Mu told them about the MP3 OEM contract. At the same time, he mentioned his requirements for the launch date of Taobao. "Launch on June 6th. Start selling customized MP3 players on the same day."

Fang Xudong said without hesitation, "Going online on June 6th is not a problem. It's not impossible to go online on the 1st as well."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Let's do it on June 6th."

Fang Xudong nodded. Liu Xiaodong wanted to ask why Li Mu chose this time, but he did not ask in the end.

As for why Li Mu chose to launch on June 6th, it was actually very simple. It was his birthday that day.

After all, he wanted to give himself a special birthday present, and Taobao was enough.

Liu Xiaodong asked Li Mu, "If we communicate with eBay and other small sellers in advance, then our project may be exposed in advance. Is there a problem?"

Li Mu said, "No problem. Taobao can be exposed in advance, but other aspects can't. For example, in the future, Makino Technology will be responsible for Taobao, Alipay will provide online payment channels, and Easy Listening will provide exclusive MP3 sales. If these are not exposed, Taobao is actually a baby in the eyes of others. No one will take it seriously."

Liu Xiaodong said, "Understood, then I have nothing to worry about."

Li Mu said, "I'll leave everything before I go online to the two of you. I've been too busy recently and can't leave."

Liu Xiaodong asked, "Hasn't your YY lobby been online for a few days?

It seems to be developing very well. Why don't you take a break before Taobao is online? What else do you have to do? "

Li Mu said, "I still have Storm Entertainment. Miracle Mu is going to start collecting fees soon!"

Liu Xiaodong then remembered that Li Mu was still working on games. He shook his head and sighed, "Comparing yourself to others is really infuriating. Can your game surpass Legend of Mir's revenue this year?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "It should be fine within two months."

…

After finishing the things on hand, before Li Mu could catch his breath, Miracle Mu was going to start collecting fees.

Fortunately, there was nothing for Li Mu to do this time. He had already finished what he needed to do. What was left was to see how the market responded to Miracle Mu.

Ever since Miracle MU started its closed beta, Li Mu had already started to organize activities on Tieba to promote it. During the open beta, the game attracted a large number of players with its beautiful 2.5D graphics, huge world structure, and professional skill system. Li Mu had already done enough preparation work for it. He was just waiting for the day when he could start charging for it.

However, although Miracle MU avoided charging fees on the same day as the YY game's launch, it was only five days late and the YY National Dou Dizhu Tournament was still ongoing. The day of charging fees was still somewhat affected by the YY game.

Usually, Miracle Mu's daily active users were above three million, and the number of online users during peak hours was around eight hundred thousand. However, ever since YY's launch, this number had dropped by about ten percent, and the average user time had dropped even more, reaching thirty percent. However, Li Mu knew that the average user time had dropped because the users had allocated part of their time to the Dou Dizhu Tournament. The number of daily active and peak users had only dropped by ten percent, which was still acceptable to Li Mu.

On the day Miracle Mu officially collected fees, 280 people logged into the game, and 1.2 million people bought point cards. The price of Miracle Point Cards was the same as Legend of Mir. 35 yuan for 120 hours, or 35 yuan for an unlimited month. Other than that, you could also choose 20 yuan for 60 hours, or 20 yuan for 15 days. If you bought it through Alipay, you could enjoy a 95% discount and have a chance to get a free time. For example, if you bought a 35 yuan point card, you had a chance to get an extra free time for one to ten hours. If you bought a 35 yuan point card, you had a chance to get an extra free time for one to three days.

Therefore, among the 1.2 million people who bought point cards on the first day, nearly eight hundred thousand people used Alipay to top up, and ninety percent of them bought 35 yuan point cards. The rest basically came from the internet cafe's sales system.

In one day, the revenue exceeded thirty-five million.

A conservative estimate was that out of the tens of millions of users in the game, at least two million would become paying customers. Moreover, loyal users would not log in for more than three days. Therefore, two million paying customers would bring in at least fifty to sixty million in revenue. As for the total number of paying customers, Li Mu was not sure. However, if luck was on his side, and the subsequent operations catered to the users' psychology, and if the Legend of Mir remained indifferent to cheats, then it would not be a big problem for the number of paying customers to exceed three million.

Since most of the revenue came from Alipay, Li Mu had saved a considerable amount of money on the point card sales channel. This also increased the actual profits.

Li Mu was very excited when he received this data. If it was just a matter of money, today was definitely the most exciting day since his rebirth. Today, he had earned tens of millions. Different from Makino Technology, 60% of this money belonged to him, and he could spend it whenever he wanted. As long as he paid taxes, he could transfer the money directly to his personal card.

After starting his business for so long, Li Mu finally dared to look up to the sky and shout. "I don't need money anymore!"

After Miracle MU was released, he was finally able to call Chen Ze and ask, "Old Chen, when is our racetrack and club project going to start?

Hurry up and set a date so I can invest in it! "

Chen Ze laughed on the phone and said, "The Italian design team has already started to come up with the design plan and drawings. Once the plan and drawings are out, we can start immediately. By the way, has Song Liang registered his real estate company in Beijing?"

Li Mu said, "It has been registered a long time ago. I'm just waiting to practice with this project."

Chen Ze said, "I've also talked to Du Fei. She'll be back next month. Focus on the club's project first. If you have anything else that you need her to help you with in America, do it as soon as possible."

Li Mu thought of Facebook and the domain name of Facebook's family tree in his hands. He had also registered the company in the United States. Now he didn't have to worry about anything. As long as he could fool Mark Zuckerberg, he would be completely satisfied.