Chapter 848

Recently, Lei Jianguo had been troubled.

Li Mu had his eyes on the Outstanding Internet. To him, it was like a landlord eyeing a tenant's daughter. There was nothing he could do. Currently, the Outstanding Internet was already under attack in the audio and video industry. The traffic and orders on the platform were declining. If this continued, not only would Lenovo and Jinshan lose all of their investments in Outstanding Internet, not to mention the 10 million USD offer from Li Mu.

Under such a situation, Lei Jianguo was actually leaning towards selling the Outstanding Internet. Although the price was low now, if he could cut his losses in time, he could still have at least 10 million USD left.

Moreover, Lei Jianguo owned about 10% of the shares of the Outstanding Internet. He did not want to waste his efforts.

However, Lei Jianguo met with some resistance when he tried to sell the Outstanding Internet to Makino Technology. This resistance came mainly from the top management of Jinshan and Lenovo. They felt that Li Mu's offer was too low and were adamant about not accepting it. They even hoped that they could find some capital to take over the company and then cash out on their own. However, after searching for a long time, no capital was interested in buying the Outstanding Internet.

After so many days, Lei Jianguo was still at his wit's end. The two major shareholders obviously did not realize that the Outstanding Internet had become a hot potato. They were still holding onto it and were unwilling to sell it. They were waiting for others to take over. If they continued waiting like this, their hands would be burned. In the end, to save their hands, they could only throw the hot potato to the ground. By that time, the hot potato on the ground would not only be worthless, but the one who threw it would also have to clean up the mess.

Come to think of it, it was a team of a few hundred people. If Outstanding Internet was thrown to the ground, wouldn't the two companies have to pay to clean up the mess?

This was not like throwing rubbish on the ground. If you threw it on the ground and didn't pick it up, you could just say that I have no manners and the matter would be over. One of the two companies was a computer manufacturer, and the other was a software developer. If they dared to do such a thing, they would definitely be condemned by everyone.

Lei Jianguo had been persuading the top management of both companies to let them understand the current situation of the Outstanding Internet. However, there was no progress. Even when he heard that the people from West Mountain Residence had been poached, the top management of both companies still did not give him a clear answer.

When Lei Jianguo, who was in Yanjing, heard that the core team of the West Mountain Residence studio in faraway Zhuhai City, his mind exploded. He instantly felt that there was an 80% chance that this matter was done by Makino Technology, because only they had the courage to do such a thing. The fact that the twelve core team members had applied to leave at the same time was enough to prove that Makino Technology's offer was extremely attractive.

This was really embarrassing. Lei Jianguo was very clear that games were the most important thing to make money on the Internet. If Jinshan wanted to rely on Hua Xia to sell software, it might not be able to enter the market in ten years. However, if even one online game became popular, Jinshan's pace of entering the market would be much faster.

However, the core team of the West Mountain Residence studio that he had high hopes for had all applied to leave. How could he accept such a thing?

As soon as he received the news on Monday, Lei Jianguo immediately took a plane to Zhuhai City, hoping to keep the core team. However, what he didn't expect was that after the core team had applied to leave on Monday and received no response, they all applied for a long holiday on Tuesday and didn't come to work in the company again.

Lei Jianguo arrived in Zhuhai City on Monday night. The next morning, he rushed to West Mountain Residence and found that the core team actually didn't come to work. His heart suddenly became cold. He knew that it was useless to come this time. These people were determined to leave, and he couldn't keep them.

Twelve core team members resigned, and the whole team was in turmoil. In front of Lei Jianguo, the general manager of West Mountain Residence, Wei Chao, was particularly embarrassed. He specially called the director Wu Di in front of Lei Jianguo and threatened Wu Di, "Wu Di, if you force yourself to resign now, the company has the right to sue you according to the labor law and the contract!

Not only you, but also your team! "

Wu Di said in a flat voice, "Manager Wei, I know that unilaterally terminating the contract is a violation of the spirit of the contract, so we understand that you want to sue us. If the court holds a hearing, our jointly entrusted lawyer will appear in court on our behalf. No matter how much the court will award, we will comply with the judgment."

Lin Ching-ah had already given them a clear guarantee. All the compensation arising from the resignation would be borne by Makino Technology, so they didn't have to wait for a month to start working again. If West Mountain Residence didn't sign the resignation agreement this week, the twelve of them would directly fly to Yanjing. Makino Technology had even booked the tickets and hotels in Yanjing for them in advance.

Wei Chao was very shrewd. If the discussion fell apart just like that, Cult Leader Lei, who was at the side, would feel that he had no control over the team at all. Therefore, he used a sincere tone and said to Wu Di, "Old Wu, I only said those words out of anger just now. It's better for you to make a trip to the company first. Director Lei knows about your resignation and specially rushed over from Beijing. He wants to meet you and have a good chat."

Wu Di didn't give him and Lei Jianguo any face at all. He said indifferently, "I have nothing to talk to him about. He knows how he has treated the brothers of West Mountain Residence for the past few years, and you know it even better. So there's no need to talk when we meet. If he doesn't sign the resignation agreement before this Friday, then we'll settle it in court!"

After saying this, Wu Di directly hung up the phone.

Wei Chao's face was full of awkwardness, but he was finally relieved. Lei Jianguo was listening on the side. The team didn't even give you face, which proved that there was a problem with your method of reducing the cost.

In fact, the core team of West Mountain Residence couldn't be blamed. The relationship between the employees and the company was originally a contractual relationship. It was natural for them to abide by the contract. But if they didn't abide by the terms of the contract, it was also against the spirit of the contract. Therefore, the employees couldn't be said to be "loyal" to the company. Even if there was loyalty, it was said with money, not words.

The employees of West Mountain Residence had always been treated poorly. The benefits were also very low, and the workload was also very heavy. This was not something that had happened in a day or two.

Before this, most of the members of West Mountain Residence could only resign themselves to adversity. The reason was very simple. Most of them had settled down in Zhuhai City, and there were no other internet companies in Zhuhai City, especially game development companies. Therefore, when everyone left West Mountain Residence, it was equivalent to losing the opportunity to work in Zhuhai City. Because of this reason, the employees of West Mountain Residence had always been treated very poorly. They knew that the employees had no other way out, so they were very brazen.

Wu Di and the others had long been complaining about West Mountain Residence. Originally, they thought that they would never be able to break out of the encirclement. But suddenly, Makino Technology threw them an olive branch, giving them a good opportunity to go to a quiet place to develop. They were given a treatment and prospect that they couldn't refuse. Under such circumstances, they naturally wanted to leave.

At the end of the day, Lei Jianguo was also responsible for this matter. All capitalists liked to squeeze the cost, but not all capitalists liked to squeeze the cost of manpower. Li Mu was the latter. In his view, talent was the key to development. Therefore, he could be cruel to his competitors, he could kill all kinds of gods and buddhas in the competition, but he would never squeeze any of his own people. This was also the fundamental reason why the cohesiveness of Makino Technology's team was beyond imagination.

However, the cruel reality was that after all, there were still many companies that didn't care about their own people. Every day, they racked their brains to squeeze the cost of manpower. In the end, they were squeezing their own employees. There was no clear general salary adjustment policy, no clear promotion ladder, no clear welfare benefits. Everything was saved as much as possible. There were even many large companies that, in order to avoid too much responsibility for their employees, used external service companies to sign contracts with their employees. This was the biggest hoodlum.

The so-called signing contracts with external service companies roughly meant that it was obvious that Company A was recruiting employees, but Company A was not willing to sign labor contracts with the employees directly. Instead, it let the employees first sign contracts with external service company B and become the employees of Company B in the legal sense. Then, Company B would send the employees to work in Company A in the form of labor dispatch. The most disgusting thing was that Company A, which was the real employer, didn't need to be responsible for these employees at all. They worked like cattle and horses. If they were unhappy, they would fire them directly. The most disgusting thing was that it was the external service company B who fired them from the legal perspective. No matter how dirty the methods were, it had nothing to do with Company A.

Among all the members of West Mountain Residence, except for the leaders from the headquarters, most of them signed contracts with the external service company. In order to save costs, no matter how much each of them was actually paid, social insurance and other welfare guarantees were all paid according to the local minimum wage standard. In short, all the places that could be deducted would be deducted, and the places that could be compressed would be compressed. This had long made all the employees unhappy.

As the CEO of Golden Mountain Residence, Lei Jianguo was actually just a professional manager with a small amount of shares. The most common mistake that a professional manager made was always looking upwards.

He hoped that the higher-ups would approve of him, and hoped that the board of directors would approve of him. He hoped that every report he submitted would have the best data. If he wanted to do this, it wasn't enough to just generate external income. He had to squeeze out the people under him to make the numbers look better. A year's revenue was 50 million. If he didn't squeeze out the manpower, he could make a net profit of 10 million. If he squeezed a little, he might be able to make a net profit of 15 million.

Why not? Once a professional manager made this kind of mistake, basically all the people under him would complain about it. Although Lei Jianguo had become a very awesome manager after he founded Xiaomi, but at least he still hadn't truly understood the essence of putting people first. The treatment of West Mountain Residence wasn't good, and he himself couldn't escape the responsibility.

Lei Jianguo didn't have the time to reflect. He waited anxiously for a whole day, but he didn't see any of the 12 people. So he completely gave up on the idea of continuing to work hard. He decided to stay in Zhuhai City for the next few days and think of a solution together with Wei Chao. For example: after the core team left, how to arrange the development tasks? Their current manpower wasn't enough to work at the same time, so they had to eliminate one of the priorities. Other than that, they also had to decide on the recruitment of personnel, and strive to control the negative impact of the core team leaving as soon as possible.

However, on Wednesday, just when Lei Jianguo was about to discuss the details with Wei Chao, he suddenly received a shocking news.