Chapter 549

Although Zhang Guorong had not shown up often in the entertainment circle in the past two years, his influence in Hong Kong and even the entire Chinese circle was beyond doubt. For a top artist like him, there were many junior brothers and sisters waiting for him to help them. Under such circumstances, he knew Du Wei and understood her voice and talent, which made Li Mu feel particularly surprised.

To be honest, the entertainment circle in Hong Kong was still somewhat disdainful of the entertainment circle in the mainland. Artists from the mainland rarely appeared in the entertainment news in Hong Kong. Li Mu even suspected that few people in Hong Kong, a Cantonese-speaking market, knew Du Wei at the moment. However, as a superstar, Zhang Guorong, knew her and even helped her thousands of miles away, which was really an unexpected surprise.

Xiao Fangfang saw Li Mu's doubts, so she said to him, "Leslie has rarely touched the film and television industry in recent years. Occasionally, his attention is on charity and music. He is still very concerned about the pop music in Hong Kong, Taiwan and the mainland. It is said that a music producer talked to him about Miss Du, and after knowing her, he liked her very much. Leslie likes to help newcomers, and he is famous in Hong Kong's entertainment circle."

Li Mu nodded and sighed in his heart. As a superstar, he could selflessly help newcomers, which was really commendable.

Xiao Fangfang said, "Leslie will also come tonight. You can let Miss Du contact Leslie more. Leslie is very influential in Hong Kong's music circle. If Miss Du can build a good relationship with him, it will be of great benefit to her development in Hong Kong in the future."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Thank you for your reminder, President Xiao. I will definitely let Du Wei contact senior."

Xiao Fangfang smiled and said, "He likes people younger than him to call him brother. Don't call him senior in front of him. He will feel distant."

Li Mu nodded slightly. Xiao Fangfang asked again, "How many days are Mr. Lee going to stay in Hong Kong?

If you have enough time, you can come to the Seedling Protection Foundation to guide the work, and give me a chance to do my part as a host. "

Li Mu said apologetically, "I'm really sorry. We've booked a flight back to Beijing tomorrow, so we have to rush to the airport at noon tomorrow."

Xiao Fangfang asked in surprise, "Why are you in such a hurry?"

Li Mu said, "There's nothing I can do. I have too many things to do recently. When I have time to relax, I will definitely come to Hong Kong and visit the Seedling Protection Fund."

Xiao Fangfang nodded and said with a smile, "Then I won't disturb Mr. Lee's rest. Have a good rest. I'll see you at the party tonight."

After that, Xiao Fangfang stood up and said to Li Mu with a solemn face, "Mr. Lee, I hope you will keep in mind what I asked you just now. Whether it succeeds or not, I thank you in advance. Charity is a thing of boundless virtue. Although the Seedling Protection Fund is not large, it helps those very, very poor children. If we don't help these children, they will never be able to walk out of the shadow of sexual abuse."

Li Mu also said very seriously, "Don't worry, President Xiao. I will definitely keep it in mind."

Xiao Fangfang smiled with relief, nodded slightly, and then said goodbye to Li Mu. After Li Mu sent her off, he began to think about the Seedling Protection Fund. According to the current expenditure level of the Seedling Protection Fund, the annual operating expenses would not exceed ten million Hong Kong dollars. However, sexual abuse was a permanent psychological injury. This also meant that as long as there was a similar case in society, and as long as the Seedling Protection Fund decided to help, there would be an increase in expenditure. A teenager who had been sexually abused might need several years of continuous care to gradually walk out of the psychological shadow. This also meant that the expenditure of the Seedling Protection Fund would definitely increase steadily, and it would only increase and not decrease. Unless, after many years of effort, the society as a whole paid more attention to the sexual abuse of minors, promoted government legislation, and reduced the crime rate in this area, the expenditure of the Seedling Protection Fund would not decrease.

It was precisely because the road to charity was long, and the financial support needed was also very large. Moreover, it needed a high degree of stability. That was why Xiao Fangfang was so eager to have a healthy model. However, Li Mu had no clue about the current situation of the Seedling Protection Fund. If 3321 was a self-supporting young adult, then the Seedling Protection Fund was a baby waiting to be fed. It did not have the ability to create wealth, and it was impossible for it to do so. Except for donations from individuals and enterprises, it had no other source of funds.

In fact, for a large company like Makino Technology, which had a stable cash flow and profitability, a little bit of money could completely support the Seedling Protection Fund. However, Li Mu was not prepared to do that. What he did not want to do the most was charity. Besides, it was not only the Seedling Protection Fund that needed funds, and it was not only the minors in Hong Kong that needed sexual protection. If it relied purely on donations, there were too many foundations waiting to be fed. If they all came to him, how could he deal with them?

If the Seedling Protection Fund wanted to find a healthy operating model, it first had to have its own unique resources. 3321 had a large number of top students from 985 and 211 universities. As for what the Seedling Protection Fund had, Li Mu really did not know. He could only find an opportunity to slowly understand it.

…

At six o 'clock in the evening, it was time to enter the charity gala. Li Mu and Du Wei, who was wearing a white dress, arrived at the entrance of the venue together. Several YY network reporters who accompanied them also brought cameras, video cameras, laptops, and other equipment to the venue. After showing their invitations, Li Mu and Du Wei entered the hall. At this time, there were not many people in the hall. Li Mu roughly looked around and did not know a single person in the venue.

Li Mu really did not know a single friend in Hong Kong. However, there were too many people he was familiar with. After all, he was reborn in 2016 and grew up watching Hong Kong movies. He had a certain understanding of most of Hong Kong's film, television, and music stars. However, there was not a single star in the venue at the moment.

Li Mu and Du Wei found a quiet corner and sat down. As the number of people in the venue continued to increase, there were also some people that Li Mu found familiar.

These familiar people from the National People's Congress were some of the lesser-known Hong Kong stars. Although there were many Hong Kong media reporters present, they were not very interested in these lesser-known stars. The local B-list stars were not valued, so Du Wei, a young lady who had just debuted in the mainland, was even less valued. Other than the online reporters that came with YY, almost no one took photos of Du Wei.

It was not until 6: 40 in the evening that the first heavyweight star arrived. It was a Hong Kong actress, singer, and Liang Yongqi. The media reporters carried their cameras and followed them all the way. The atmosphere at the venue began to warm up.

A few minutes later, the singer Zhang Xueyou also appeared on the scene, which attracted a lot of attention from the media. Li Mu did not have any feelings for Liang Yongqi, but he admired Zhang Xueyou very much. He was one of the top male singers in the Hong Kong music industry, with countless classic songs and almost no scandals. He was a model man in the entertainment industry. If he was not the boss of a company, Li Mu would really want to ask him for an autograph.

At 6: 50, Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei, who were the vanguard ambassadors of the Seedling Protection Foundation, appeared on the scene together. Their appearance set off the first climax of tonight's charity gala.

It was undeniable that Zhang Guorong was very influential in the Hong Kong music industry in 2002. Now, even the Four Heavenly Kings could not compete with Zhang Guorong in the music industry. A few years ago, the two top male singers in the Hong Kong music industry were Zhang Guorong and Tan Yonglin. The Four Heavenly Kings, Li Keqin, and Koo Juji were all juniors of the two.

Zhang Guorong, who was surrounded by the media and cameras, was elegant. Although she had the demeanor of a superstar, she was also very approachable. It was hard to imagine that such a friendly and cheerful star was actually suffering from severe depression. The more normal she looked on the surface, the more likely she was suffering from depression in her heart. Other than that, Li Mu had also heard that some Hong Kong media had maliciously slandered him, stalked him, and even exposed his privacy. It seemed that the relationship between him and Mr. Tang had been used by some unscrupulous media to make a big fuss. The pressure from both inside and outside was what pushed him to the edge of collapse.

Since Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei were both the vanguard ambassadors of the Seedling Protection Foundation, they cooperated with the media for a few minutes. First, they allowed the media to take photos as much as they wanted. After that, they did not accept the media's interview. Instead, they faced all the media's microphones and called for everyone to pay attention to the children who had been sexually abused and to donate to the Seedling Protection Foundation.

Du Wei, who was next to Li Mu, was already nervous at the moment. She asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, will you have a chance to talk to me later?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There will definitely be a chance. Chairman Xiao said he admires you very much, and he was the one who recommended you to be the guest. Maybe he will come to you later even if you don't go to him."

Although Du Wei had heard about it from Li Mu in the afternoon, she still couldn't believe it at the moment. Li Mu reminded her, "If you talk to him face to face, try to find more topics to talk about with him. Let him have a good impression of you. It's best if you can become friends with him. This will be of great help to your future development."

There was another sentence that Li Mu did not say. Since Xiao Fangfang said that Zhang Guorong appreciated Du Wei very much, then Li Mu also hoped that Du Wei could become friends with Zhang Guorong in the future. There was no relationship between him and Zhang Guorong. If he wanted to save him, he could only pin his hopes on Du Wei. He hoped that through Du Wei, he could find a way to change the trajectory of his life. Even if Du Wei could only play a little positive role in it, as long as the butterfly's wings flapped, there would be a chance to reverse the situation.

Depression was not incurable, and the malicious media was not impossible to deal with. It would not take long for homosexuality to be understood by the public, and in Western countries, it would be equal. In the future, homosexuality would be common in the entertainment circle. In the future, Brokeback Mountain would win an Oscar. In the future, the CEO of the Apple Empire would come out publicly. It was just that he was not born in a more tolerant era. However, as long as he could have a little more faith, persevere, and get through the current difficulties, there would be a chance to reverse the situation.