Chapter 1548

Leonardo and Schwarzenegger didn't have a deep friendship. Although they weren't close acquaintances, they were just ordinary friends. However, they had a common friend — the great director James Cameron.

Cameron was currently working on two blockbusters in Hollywood. One was' Terminator ', and the other was' Titanic '. He was working with these two actors, so he became the best link between Schwarzenegger and Leonardo.

Since Schwarzenegger really attached great importance to running for governor of California, and it just so happened that the famous Hollywood was in California, Hollywood was very supportive of Schwarzenegger's campaign. They also hoped that he could run successfully, because if Schwarzenegger ran successfully, it would definitely be a good thing for Hollywood.

Therefore, when Cameron heard that Schwarzenegger wanted to establish contact with Li Mu through Leonardo, he immediately agreed without hesitation.

Leonardo was filming in Hua Xia. After receiving Cameron's call, he immediately agreed to help. Then, he quickly called Li Mu.

When Li Mu received Leonardo's call, he was visiting the Goldberg family's wine manor. He was particularly surprised by his call. Although the two had met several times, they did not have much contact in private. He thought that Leonardo was looking for him because something had happened to "Flying Tigers". However, he did not expect Leonardo to say very apologetically, "Mr. Li, I'm sorry to disturb you. Actually, I was entrusted by someone to ask you for a favor."

Li Mu said, "Leo, we are all friends. You don't have to be so polite with me. Just tell me what you need. If I can do it, I definitely won't refuse."

Leonardo thanked him and said, "Mr. Li, it's like this. You should know Arnold Schwarzenegger, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Of course I know him. I've watched many of his movies. What's wrong?"

Leonardo hurriedly explained, "Arnold is now actively preparing to run for governor of California. However, in the United States, whether it is running for Congress, governor, or even president, a strong publicity support is needed. Arnold feels that Makino Technology's Twitter is a very good campaign publicity platform, so he hopes that I can ask Mr. Li on behalf of him to help him promote on Twitter."

Schwarzenegger's classic Terminator pose suddenly appeared in Li Mu's memory. This big brother was also one of Li Mu's favorite action actors. Li Mu had also heard about him running for governor of California in his previous life.

In his previous life, the news of Schwarzenegger's successful election as governor of California had global coverage. People were very concerned about the news of a Hollywood A-list action star suddenly entering politics. Moreover, Schwarzenegger had been in politics for a very long time. After he was elected governor at the end of 2003, he basically did not appear in any movies again. In Li Mu's memory, the next time he saw him on the big screen was Director Stallone's first movie, The Expendables. When Schwarzenegger suddenly made a cameo appearance in the movie, the entire audience in the theater exclaimed in surprise. Li Mu was also very surprised because he had indeed been away from the big screen for too long.

In this way, Schwarzenegger should have completed two terms as governor, which also indicated that his campaign was successful this time, and his next campaign would also be successful.

Since he succeeded in his previous life, if there were no major deviations, he should be successful in this life. However, Li Mu did not expect that Schwarzenegger could think of using Twitter to help him campaign, which surprised Li Mu.

Twitter had now attracted ordinary users, elites, celebrities, companies, and institutions. The only people who had not yet joined Twitter were the government agencies and government personnel of various countries. Schwarzenegger seemed to be a good breakthrough point, and it would also play a good role as a model. If Schwarzenegger could convey his political views through Twitter and get a warm response from the public, then other US politicians would probably follow suit. In this way, the influence of Twitter would be even higher.

Moreover, Schwarzenegger himself wanted to succeed. Now that he had taken the initiative to ask for help, why not do him a big favor?

After all, not only was Hollywood in California, but Silicon Valley was also in California!

In the future, this guy would be the parent of the North American branch of Makino Technology. If he could build a good relationship with him in advance, it would definitely be very helpful.

The political structure of the US itself was more commercial. There would be very close cooperation between the candidates and the individuals and companies that supported their campaigns. Once the election was successful, they would have to give a certain amount of compensation to the other party. This was also the tacit unspoken rule of the entire US operating system. If Makino Technology helped Schwarzenegger run for governor of California, then after Schwarzenegger's election was successful, they would have to give a certain amount of compensation to Makino Technology.

This was the best kind of business. He could clearly do it himself, but he didn't have the confidence to ask for your help. Even if you just brushed him off, he would be grateful to you when he succeeded. Even if he didn't feel grateful, he would at least owe you a debt of gratitude.

Therefore, Li Mu only thought about it for a while and decided to accept this matter.

He smiled and said to Leonardo, "Helping Mr. Schwarzenegger in the election is naturally not a problem. We are willing to provide support, but the specific method of support has to be discussed with Mr. Schwarzenegger before we can decide."

Leonardo hurriedly said, "Then, Mr. Lee, is it convenient for you to call Arnold?

You can discuss the specific method on the phone. "

Li Mu said, "Okay, you can give my number to Mr. Schwarzenegger and ask him to contact me directly."

"Thank you so much, Mr. Lee." Leonardo was relieved and hurriedly said, "I will convey it to him now."

"Okay."

As soon as Li Mu hung up the phone, Anne Hathaway asked curiously, "Mr. Lee, did Mr. Arnold Schwarzenegger want you to help him run for governor?"

As soon as Anne Hathaway said that, Wendy Gotham, who was standing next to her, despised her in her heart. She felt that Anne Hathaway was too inconsiderate and uncultured. Although Li Mu did not avoid the others when he answered the phone, it was impolite of her to directly ask Li Mu about what he talked about on the phone, and it seemed particularly rude.

However, unexpectedly, Li Mu's expression did not show any dissatisfaction. Instead, he very naturally smiled and said to Anne Hathaway, "Schwarzenegger feels that Twitter is a good channel for election publicity, so he wants us to help."

Anne Hathaway nodded and said very seriously, "I heard others talking about this. Hollywood is very supportive of his election."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Hollywood supports him, and so do I. If he wants to increase the success rate of the election through Twitter, I am also willing to help."

Wendy Gopher did not expect Li Mu to completely ignore Anne Hathaway's impoliteness. If it was the temperament of a British aristocrat, even if they did not scold Anne Hathaway, they would at least give her a bad look. However, Li Mu did not feel that there was anything wrong with it, nor did he take it to heart.

At this time, Li Mu's phone rang again. This time, it was a number from the United States.

"Hello, hello."

"Hello, is this Mr. Lee Li Mu?"

Schwarzenegger asked in a soft voice, and one could even hear the nervousness in his voice.

In fact, Schwarzenegger was indeed very nervous. Although he was a Hollywood A-list star, in terms of net worth and social influence, he was far inferior to Li Mu. Seeking help from a top player like Li Mu was something that made him feel inferior, and it was difficult to control his nervousness.

At this time, Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes, it's me. Are you Mr. Schwarzenegger?"

"It's me."

Schwarzenegger smiled and said politely and humbly, "I'm very sorry to disturb you, Mr. Lee. I have two reasons for calling. One is because I have long heard of your name and admire you very much. Two, I have a personal request, and I hope to get your help."

Li Mu smiled humbly and said, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, you are too polite. I grew up watching your movies. If I really want to use the word 'admire', it should be me who admires you."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "The second thing you mentioned just now, Leo has already told me. Personally, I am very willing to help as much as I can, but what is your core request?

Do you want us to promote your political views to the users, or do you want us to promote you as a person to the users? "

Schwarzenegger suddenly became excited on the other end of the phone. He tried hard to adjust his breathing, and after calming down, he said, "Personally, I am more inclined to the latter. I wonder if Mr. Lee has any good suggestions?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am also more inclined to the latter, but it is too troublesome to explain the specific method over the phone. How about this, I will arrange for my colleagues in the United States to adjust the algorithm to increase the attention of American users. This should quickly increase the number of your fans."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly said gratefully, "Thank you so much, Mr. Lee!"

"A friend of a friend is a friend of mine. Mr. Schwarzenegger, you are welcome."

Although Li Mu wanted to help Schwarzenegger, he did not want to affect the experience of Twitter users just to help Schwarzenegger.

If he showed Schwarzenegger's Twitter posts to the users who had not followed him through a pop-up window or an automatic waterfall of users, it would in itself deviate from his definition of Twitter. Although the effect of this kind of advertising would be very strong, Li Mu did not want to set a precedent just because of Schwarzenegger. This kind of strong promotion would not be used when it was not necessary, but when it was necessary, it could only be used for his own use.

As for the second method, it was much gentler. He only needed to gently guide the users to follow Schwarzenegger.

In order to be able to directly guide certain accounts, Li Mu had long left a hidden path in Twitter.

There was a column in the Twitter page called "Your Friends Are Following". This column had a lot of display, and it basically accompanied the user throughout the entire process. This column used an algorithm to run through the list of people that the user followed to recommend some people worthy of the user's attention.

For example, if A followed 100 people, and each of these 100 people followed an average of 100 people, there would be a total of 10000 people that these followers followed. Then, the big data would re-rank these 10000 people. The most repeated people that user A did not follow would appear at the top of the list, and the rest of the list would be the same.

In other words, if these 100 people followed 10000 people, and the frequency of Li Mu's appearance was the highest, reaching 80 times, and A happened to not follow Li Mu, then in User A's "Your Friends Are Following" list, Li Mu would be ranked first.