Chapter 1044

When the operation team of Makino Technology contacted several well-known film and television companies in Hollywood, the influence that Li Mu brought to American society continued to increase.

More and more female college students signed up, and the number of new users of Paradise Town was also increasing. The "million-dollar beauty" had completely become the biggest dream of American female college students, which made every American female college student crazy.

It was no exaggeration to say that the degree of desire these American college students had for the "million-dollar beauty" was like the extreme fanaticism of the American female college students for the position of stewardess offered by Leonardo in Cat and Mouse.

The American media had been crazy with jealousy about the two concepts of "the most beautiful girls in America" and "million-dollar beauty", especially "million-dollar-beauty", a slogan composed of three words. In the eyes of the American media, whether it was the concept, the title, or the appeal and temptation to the audience, it was simply a model of marketing and publicity.

Elite marketing talents all highly respected the influence of a slogan, because if a slogan was used to the extreme, it could have a strong psychological hint, or even a key factor of brainwashing. An awesome slogan could simply double the effect of all the supporting efforts. For example, Nike's "Just-Do-It", Adidas's "Impossible-Is nothing", or even "Diamonds last forever, one will last forever", "Beauty" was an excellent adjective for women, which was extremely common in American mainstream culture. Therefore, the combination of million-dollar and beauty was obvious, and it had a strong appeal to the target group. In the eyes of the American media, it could be called a model of marketing and publicity.

In addition, Super Girl's "Sing if you want to sing", Running Man's "Run, brother", and Extreme Challenge's "This is life" were also great slogans. Li Mu's "Million-Dollar-Beauty" was not any weaker than these classic slogans, because a million dollars was a very attractive word. The interpretation of money could be said to be simple and crude, and "beauty" itself was an excellent adjective for women, which was extremely common in mainstream American culture. Therefore, the combination of a million dollars and a beauty was obvious and had a strong appeal to the target group. In this era of American society, it could be said to be peerless.

However, the American media did not know that the idea of Li Mu's Million-Dollar-Beauty actually came from two American movies. One was the movie "Million-Dollar-Baby", which won the Oscars for Best Picture, Best Director, and other awards three years later, and the other was the Oscars for Best Picture, "American-Beauty", which had won the Oscars for Best Picture and Best Director a few years ago. The names of the two Oscars for Best Picture together formed the phrase "Million-Dollar-Beauty", which had become completely popular in American society.

Million-Dollar-Beauty caused a huge wave in American society, so much so that after the film and television companies learned of Li Mu's intention to cooperate, they showed great interest in Li Mu's cooperation plan.

Several film and television companies gave a clear reply to Makino Technology in the shortest time possible and fully accepted Li Mu's conditions. They would provide the first, second, and third place of the Campus Belle Rankings with three, two, and one opportunity to star in a movie, respectively. At the same time, they would pay no less than 500,000 US dollars.

The reason why they agreed so quickly was that every film and television company could see the huge benefits contained in this cooperation. They only needed to pay a few million US dollars for this cooperation at most, but they could be linked to the biggest current social hot spots. The advertising effect alone was not something that could be bought with a few million US dollars. More importantly, the social influence of this competition was so great that in the future, the first, second, and third place of the national competition would definitely receive the attention and attention of the whole society. A girl who could receive the attention of the whole country was a superstar. Even if she could not act, her appearance fee would be far more than 500,000 US dollars.

In general, this kind of cooperation was simply beneficial to the film and television companies. Naturally, all of them were very active.

At first, Li Mu was a little embarrassed. Several major Hollywood film companies were very well-known, but Li Mu was not sure who was more powerful. Just when he did not know who to cooperate with, Warner Brothers realized in advance the fierce competition, so they quickly made a new cooperation plan for Makino Technology.

In addition to recognizing all of Li Mu's conditions, Warner Brothers was willing to buy the film and television adaptation rights of this competition at a price of 10 million US dollars after the end of the competition. This price included the film and television adaptation rights of the competition, as well as Li Mu's phrase Million-Dollar-Beauty. What Warner Brothers meant was that they would use the name Million-Dollar-Beauty and this talent show as a blueprint to adapt and shoot a campus youth film.

At the same time, Warner Brothers also promised that this film would give Makino Technology a 20% share of the box office, and they would invite the final three national contestants of the competition to star in their own roles. The total remuneration would not be less than 3 million US dollars.

Warner Brothers saw things more thoroughly and looked further ahead than other film and television companies. They had already foreseen the information dissemination ability of Paradise Town and YY in the United States. A 20% share of the box office could prompt Makino Technology to invest a lot of resources in the promotion of this film. This competition would at least have the attention of tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of people. Based on an average of 8 US dollars for a movie ticket, if 20% of them would watch this movie, the box office could easily exceed 100 million US dollars.

Although it had not yet entered the era of big IPs, Hollywood's top film and television companies were already very sensitive to IP. In their eyes, Million-Dollar-Beauty was today's super big IP.

Warner Brothers suddenly took the initiative to offer so many favorable conditions, which immediately made Li Mu stop being in a dilemma. He slammed the table and said to Lin Ching-ah, "It's him. Sign the contract with them as soon as possible, then we can publicize it."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Then I'll contact them now and urge them to sign the contract."

After that, Lin Ching-ah said to Li Mu, "By the way, Li Zong, I've already replied to the few people you asked me to help with. Microsoft's Bill Gates is now in Australia, but he will rush back to meet you soon. Steve Jobs is in Florida inspecting the iMac-G4 OEM factory, but he also said that he is willing to meet you. When he comes back, he will arrange a specific time for you. Larry Page is in Silicon Valley, and he is free the night after tomorrow. If you want to meet him, you can make an appointment with him at this time."

Li Mu could not hide his excitement as he nodded and said, "That's great. These are all very influential big shots in the Internet industry. Being able to meet them, even if it's just chatting with them, is a huge gain."

As he said that, Li Mu thought of something and asked Lin Ching-ah, "Why are you calling me 'you' again? Didn't I say that we don't need to be so polite in private? I feel quite strange being called 'you' by you at my age."

Lin Qingya smiled and said, "Director Li, just like what you said, these three are all the top bosses of the internet industry. But they all want to meet you. This means that you are also one of the top bosses of the internet industry now. I have to be more respectful towards you." Lin Qingya smiled and said, "Director Li, just like you said, these three are the top bosses of the internet industry.

Li Mu asked her, "When did I become a top big shot in the Internet industry?"