Chapter 485

Right now, Teng Xun only had a few dozen core employees and tens of millions of operating funds on their books. Everyone did not have a specific job now. Everyone went into the conference room every day to brainstorm and discuss all kinds of possible product ideas.

The employees who had left had already begun to invest in the talent market again, but the problem they faced was also very obvious. Most of the enterprises in Shenzhen were electronic manufacturing, and there were not many Internet enterprises. The demand for talent in the field of software development was low. In this sector, it was completely different from Beijing. Moreover, Beijing would continue to have an advantage in the Internet field in the future and continue to pull away from other first-tier cities.

Hundreds of people rushed to the talent market, but most of them returned in failure again and again. They either could not find a suitable company or did not have a suitable position. A senior engineer who specialized in the development of instant messaging software could get a monthly salary of more than 10,000 during Teng Xun. However, after entering the talent market, it was still difficult to find a job with a salary of 3,000 even with many years of work experience.

At the moment, the average salary of the IT industry in Shenzhen had not even exceeded the 2,000 mark. These senior engineers used to be gold-collar workers in the eyes of others, but now it was extremely difficult for them to get the treatment of white-collar workers.

On one hand, there was no corresponding company in Shenzhen, so there was no suitable position for them. On the other hand, working experience in Teng Xun could no longer give them extra points. In fact, it could only reduce their points.

A month or two ago, Teng Xun was still a star company in Shenzhen. Not only did people in the same industry know, but even ordinary Shenzhen citizens knew that the popular QQ was developed and operated by this company based in Shenzhen. At that time, Teng Xun's employees had a strong halo. However, QQ had completely declined now, and they had even issued an announcement to stop maintenance. It was almost like a critically ill patient had given up treatment and was waiting for a natural death. Under such circumstances, as defeated generals, they were laid off by the company and entered the talent market. Not only could they not be looked up to, but they were also always looked down upon.

"You're so experienced, why can't you help QQ back to life?"

"Even Teng Xun gave up on instant messaging. How can we do instant messaging software? Besides, if you're really good in the field of instant messaging, why would Teng Xun give up on QQ?"

"We're currently only missing a system maintenance staff. The monthly salary during the probation period is 1,800. If you're interested, leave your resume here. If we think you're good after an internal review, we'll call you for an interview."

Conversations like this were repeated every day in this young city.

Before Chen Hui got off work, the administration had already booked plane tickets for him and Zhang Xiaodi for tomorrow morning. After returning home, Chen Hui began to pack his luggage and then called his former subordinates.

After calling and asking one by one, Chen Hui found that the original six subordinates of his team had all been fired. However, their team 'situation was still better. After all, they were in product maintenance. Any internet software would need maintenance staff, so half of them had found suitable companies in a short period. Although it did not seem to be, they were faced with a huge problem of of of of of employees: Of of of salary. When Chen Hui left, he would would would, he, of of employees.

His monthly salary was 8,000 yuan when he left Teng Xun. Most of his subordinates were between 2,000 to 5,000 yuan. Teng Xun's treatment at that time was still very good. Technical talents could basically get a monthly salary of more than 2,000 yuan when they entered the company. As their working years increased, the company's business improved, and their personal performance improved, they could still get 2-3 opportunities for salary increases every year. However, after they found a new job this time, they realized that the company they were looking for could offer a salary that was generally 30% or more lower than Teng Xun.

A technical staff with three years of work experience and a monthly salary of 5,000 yuan could only be offered 3,000 yuan by a new employer. There was also a two-month probation period, and the salary during the probation period was only 80%. After conversion, in the first two months, he could only get a monthly salary of 2,400 yuan, which was more than half of what he had been offered.

After Chen Hui learned about their situation, he felt very sorry for them. Under such circumstances, everyone had to lower their heads to life. They didn't even have the chance to stay where they were and directly returned to the standard of treatment one or two years ago. Chen Hui believed that if Makino Technology offered them a salary that was not lower than what they had received in Teng Xun, they would definitely be willing to come to Yanjing.

On the phone, Chen Hui didn't tell them the truth. He only told them that he had to go on a business trip to Shenzhen tomorrow and that they could get together if they had time.

When his former subordinates heard this, they were extremely excited. One by one, they rushed to welcome him. Chen Hui decided to use them as a breakthrough point. After convincing them, he would go and convince the others. He would be staying in Shenzhen for a week. During this week, he would meet with all the technical and operation staff that Teng Xun had laid off. Whether he could poach them or not would depend on how Zhang Xiaodi communicated with them.

After packing up his things, the YY information on his computer suddenly rang non-stop. Chen Hui went to the computer to take a look. It turned out that a former employee of Teng Xun who had been laid off had created a discussion group for former employees of Teng Xun on YY. A fellow villager from Teng Xun's development department had also added him in.

At the moment, there were more than forty people in the group. Basically, more than 80% of them were online. There were endless messages in the group. The leader of the group was a more popular big brother in the technical department. He kept calling on everyone in the group to try to pull in some former employees of Teng Xun who had also been laid off or employees who had already left Teng Xun. Everyone maintained communication in the group and exchanged information with each other. If there was any good opportunity, they could also share it with each other.

Chen Hui was overjoyed. He thought to himself, 'The YY group is indeed a heaven-defying product. It's extremely convenient. If there wasn't YY, how could there be such a free, casual, and completely isolated group chat with outsiders just by relying on the previous QQ?

Moreover, with this group, it'll be easier for me to complete my mission in Shenzhen this time. '

Chen Hui could not help but tap on the keyboard and ask, "How's everyone doing now?

Are there any good opportunities in Shenzhen? "

"How can there be any good opportunities?"

A colleague from the development department said, "I've been running around for the past two days. There are many companies that need software development, but the salary they give is too low. Moreover, they pick on me in all sorts of ways, saying that I've only been working in the field of instant messaging for the past few years. In other areas, I'm actually a complete newbie …"

"F * ck, today, there was a software development company that gave me a monthly salary of two thousand, and the probation period was actually half a year!

I really wanted to fall out with them on the spot. In the end, if it wasn't for Qiang Zai holding me back, I'm afraid I would have really quarreled with them! "

"You were also impulsive. You shouldn't have talked to them so much today. Just leave. Look at me, I can't even be bothered with those idiots!"

At this moment, the fellow who pulled Chen Hui into the group asked Chen Hui, "Ah Hui, how are you doing in Beijing?"

Chen Hui said, "It's pretty good. After coming here, I realized that Beijing is more suitable for me than Shenzhen."

That fellow asked him, "What's more suitable for you? Tell me."

Chen Hui said, "I feel that Beijing is friendlier than Shenzhen."

Someone in the group said, "Shenzhen feels friendlier and more open. Isn't there a saying that once you're here, you're a Shenzhen citizen."

Chen Hui laughed and said, "I used to think so too, but after coming to Beijing, I compared the registered population of the two cities and realized that it's actually not the case. In 2001, the registered population of Shenzhen was only 1.32 million, but the permanent population was more than 7 million. Everyone thinks that it's difficult to obtain a household registration in Beijing and that there are many restrictions on the outside, but the current permanent population of Beijing is only about 13 million, and the registered population is 11 million."

Someone in the group immediately said, "It's that ridiculous?

The proportion of registered population in Shenzhen is so small! "

Chen Hui said, "Yeah, I also thought that the data was wrong at the beginning. Logically speaking, with Shenzhen being so open, it should have absorbed a lot of new registered population, but the data won't lie. Among the permanent residents of Shenzhen, the registered population is less than 20%."

The fellow asked him again, "What's the environment like in Beijing?

I went there once with my parents when I was young, but I don't have much of an impression of it. "

Chen Hui said, "I quite like it. The layout of Beijing's city is very straight. Most of the roads go south, north, east, and west. When you go out, you won't be confused about north, south, east, and west anymore."

Someone asked Chen Hui, "How's A Hui's income in Beijing?"

Chen Hui said, "The probation period is 9000. After becoming a permanent employee, I should be able to get promoted one level. As for how much I can get, I'll have to discuss with HR. The salary for a promotion is 10000 to 13000."

Many people in the group sighed. "Not bad!

You're still smart to go to Beijing without hesitation. Otherwise, if you waited until QQ stopped being maintained before going out to find a job, I'm afraid you'll be looked down upon like us. "

Chen Hui said tentatively, "Actually, you guys can also consider coming to Beijing. There are quite a lot of opportunities here, and the salary shouldn't be lower than when you were in Tengjun."

Some people in the group said that they did not dare to be so confident anymore. Some people said that it was too troublesome to find a job in Beijing, and their future was uncertain. Some people felt that Beijing was too far away, and they were afraid that they would not be able to adapt if they blindly went there.

At that moment, another group of people joined the group one after another. One of them was the deputy technical director of the QQ project team, Liu Xuebin. As the CTO of Tengjun, Zhang Zhidong had personally groomed two skilled people in the past few years. These two people were the technical director and deputy director of the QQ project team. The director, Xu Wenhong, was Zhang Zhidong's confidant, so Zhang Zhidong kept him by his side. The deputy director, Liu Xuebin, was in direct competition with Xu Wenhong in terms of ability and expertise. Moreover, he did not have a good relationship with Xu Wenhong and Zhang Zhidong, so he became the highest-ranking employee to be fired by Tengjun.

As soon as Liu Xuebin came in, everyone took the initiative to greet him. He was very close to his employees when he was in Tengjun. On one hand, he was willing to fight for the interests of his employees, and on the other hand, he spared no effort to train his employees, so he was very popular.

After a round of greetings, Liu Xuebin sent a message. "Thank you, everyone!

The main reason I came into the group today is to share a piece of news with everyone. The HR director of Beijing Xin & Lang talked to me. They're making an instant messaging product now, and they want to poach our team. "