Chapter 1151

To Boss Ma, the only thing that made him despair more than the possibility of being held criminally liable was being restricted from doing internet work.

From the day he came into contact with the internet, he had decided to make this magical product his lifelong goal.

He had poured all his life's pursuits, dreams, and ambitions into the internet business. It didn't matter if he failed, as he could find an opportunity to climb back up. It didn't matter if his reputation was ruined, as he could look for another project to break through. If he succeeded, his reputation would naturally be restored. But if he was banned from this industry …

Boss Ma was in despair, but his mind was constantly analyzing what the lawyer had revealed to him. He subconsciously wanted to see if there were any loopholes that he could exploit.

Boss Ma didn't care about banning other internet companies from hiring him. Ever since the day he started his business, he had already made a decision in his heart. He would never work for another company in this lifetime.

Banning the registration of internet companies was easy. He could still borrow someone else's name or borrow someone else's name.

Banning the participation of internet companies was a little f * cked up. If he couldn't participate, that meant that even if he borrowed someone else's name, he couldn't directly hold the shares of the company. In that case, he had to find a truly trustworthy person to register the company and hold the shares on behalf of him. Perhaps only immediate family members could fulfill this requirement. However, immediate family members were too easy to be suspected, so it was relatively tricky to deal with.

Although it was tricky, there were still opportunities. As long as he could find someone he trusted enough and push him to the front of the stage, he could still continue to do business in the internet industry. It was just that he wouldn't be able to walk to the front of the stage during the period of prohibition.

Not being able to walk to the front of the stage was an extremely painful blow to people who liked to show off and show off.

Boss Ma was expressionless. The next moment, he remembered and blurted out, "At most, Le Tao's business license will be revoked. What about Alibaba?"

The lawyer said helplessly, "This is also another issue that the shareholders entrusted me to discuss with you. Once the Economic and Trade Commission believes that you have a clear responsibility for this incident, even if it's just a lack of control, they will use this method to punish you. At that time, you will have to withdraw your shares from Alibaba. The shareholders will give you a generous offer and collectively invest to buy the shares from you."

Boss Ma frowned. "If they are afraid of being implicated by me, I can transfer the shares to someone else. On the surface, I will have nothing to do with the company. That will be fine, right?

There's no need to buy all the shares from me. What do you think? "

The lawyer said awkwardly, "I can't say for sure, but I can convey your intentions to the shareholders. However, Boss Ma, you have to be mentally prepared. On the surface, it doesn't seem like a big problem, but in reality, it's very dangerous. If you let someone you trust hold the shares on your behalf, then you suddenly withdraw the shares and a new shareholder suddenly joins. This is very suspicious. Moreover, once the company is listed or financed, as long as you want to use the shares to cash out, the higher-ups should be monitoring the final flow of this income."

Speaking up to this point, the lawyer paused before continuing, "Let's make an example. Next year, the company will raise funds, and the shareholders will reach an agreement with the investors to cash out a certain percentage of the funds. You will have a profit of five million yuan, and this five million yuan can only be given to your proxy holder. However, if the relevant authorities monitor this profit, then the flow of the proxy holder's funds will definitely be included in the scope of monitoring. It's fine if the money is always in his account, but this money is ultimately your money. If he uses any means to give this money to you, and the relevant authorities believe that you still have a shareholding relationship with the company, and that the company is cooperating with you to deceive them, the consequences will be unimaginable …"

Boss Ma's expression turned ugly. "What do you mean?

Are you afraid that I'll implicate the company?

You have to know that I built this company with my own hands. No one has the right to kick me out of the company! "

The lawyer hurriedly explained, "Boss Ma, the company doesn't want to do this, but the management measures have already been released. We can't bypass the policy no matter what!

Moreover, this is for your own good. Otherwise, if it's exposed, you may be punished even more severely … "

"Enough!"

Boss Ma stretched out his hand and interrupted her. He said coldly, "No punishment has been announced for me yet. It's too early to talk about this now. It won't be too late to talk about it when the punishment is announced!"

Boss Ma's expression became extremely ugly. Seeing this, the lawyer didn't continue on this topic. Instead, she kindly reminded him, "Boss Ma, I'm afraid this case won't come to a conclusion in a short period of time. I'll apply for bail for you as soon as possible, but it should take some time. During this period, I'll have to trouble you to wait patiently. As for the previously discussed issue of who will handle this matter, I'll discuss it with the board of directors and strive to settle it as soon as possible."

"Alright!"

…

News about Le Tao was overwhelming. The progress of this case was also constantly being reported in major media. As Le Tao was shut down, its servers and computers were searched, and its personnel were taken away for investigation. More and more fake sellers were arrested. These news put Li Mu in an extremely good mood for the whole day.

At this moment, Li Mu felt a particularly strong sense of accomplishment. This was because he knew in his heart that he had eradicated a malignant tumor for Hua Xia E-Commerce. Moreover, it was a malignant tumor that had long become cancerous and could spread at any time.

For a long period of time in the future, a large number of C2C sellers sold fake goods and mixed real and fake goods. Even many B2C platforms were secretly involved in this kind of shady business and were frequently exposed for selling fake goods. The reason for this was that the entire e-commerce industry had been destroyed from the beginning.

The overturning of the car in front would give a deep warning to the people behind. However, the unimpeded speed of the car in front would also give the people behind a strong mentality of following the trend. As a result, it attracted thousands of people to imitate him. In his previous life, Boss Ma was the "car in front". Countless eyes were fixed on his footsteps. No matter how he walked, everyone followed. This phenomenon continued until Boss Ma walked far enough and fast enough. He didn't want others to imitate his shortcut to success, so he began to dismantle the old road that he had walked all the way, leaving others with no way to go.

Now, the car in front had finally overturned. He believed that countless people who were supposed to follow his footsteps would definitely stop, give up the shortcut to success, and take the right path.

Li Mu originally wanted to invite Liu Shixiong for a drink or two to celebrate. However, at noon, he heard that Spielberg, Anne Hathaway, and other senior executives of DreamWorks were preparing to leave for the United States the next day. So, Li Mu specially took the afternoon to accompany them around Qianhai, Shenzhen. In the evening, he invited them to a seafood restaurant as a farewell for these American partners.

At the dinner table, Li Mu learned that Spielberg's new movie, "Cat and Mouse," had been released in North America. On Christmas Day, the box office on the first day barely broke 10 million dollars. Although the result was not bad, it could only be ranked second in the face of the strong competition of "The Lord of the Rings 2."

Li Mu remembered the promise he had made to Spielberg, so he said, "Tonight, I will arrange for the American branch of Makino Technology to let YY send out a push to cover the entire United States tonight, at noon local time in the United States. Let's see if it can play a role in pulling up the box office of the movie."

When Spielberg heard this, he immediately said with joy, "If Mr. Lee is willing to help, with YY's influence in North America, it will definitely bring a great boost to the box office of the movie!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I seem to remember that I made a promise before. Steven, you can rest assured that I will fulfill my promise."

Spielberg was overjoyed and repeatedly thanked him. "Mr. Lee, thank you so much for your generous help!

This means a lot to me, to DreamWorks, and even to Leonardo and Tom Hanks! "

Li Mu smiled slightly. "We are already partners, so it is natural for us to share our resources. At present, the ticketing system for" Animal Husbandry "has not begun to be popularized in the United States. Otherwise, with YY's push and the ticketing system, the user conversion rate will be very high, and the effect of pulling up the box office will be very strong. Although it is a pity this time, I believe it will be realized soon."

Spielberg nodded. "After returning to the United States, we will immediately promote the ticketing system for" Animal Husbandry ". We must make it available in every cinema in the United States as soon as possible!"

"That's great."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I will arrange for the person in charge of Makino Technology in the United States to fully cooperate with you in promoting this matter."

As Li Mu spoke, he thought of the movie and could not help but remind Spielberg, "Steven, don't forget about the movie. I hope that our first movie together can start shooting as soon as possible."

Spielberg said very seriously, "Mr. Lee, don't worry. I have been thinking about the requirements you mentioned before. But to be honest, I am not very clear about the history of Hua Xia's World War II. Now there are two directions, and I will briefly explain them to you."

Li Mu nodded, put down his chopsticks, and looked at him, waiting for him to continue.

Spielberg took a sip of water and continued, "The first direction is that I will bring a Hollywood production team to shoot a war movie that completely revolves around Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese invasion. In this case, I will only use Hollywood's behind-the-scenes team in the movie, and all the actors will be selected from Hua Xia and Japan. But I have to tell you the truth. Although there should be a market for such a movie in Hua Xia, there will definitely be no market for it in Hollywood. Americans almost do not know the history of Hua Xia's World War II. If the overall plot of the movie has nothing to do with the United States, and there are no American actors involved, it will be difficult for them to spend money to watch the movie in the cinema."

Li Mu nodded slightly and asked, "What about the second direction?"

Spielberg said, "The second direction is to find a historical event that has a certain intersection with the United States in the history of Hua Xia's World War II. Then, around this historical event, I will bring a Hollywood behind-the-scenes team and a group of famous Hollywood actors. Then, I will choose a group of local actors from Hua Xia and Japan to cooperate in a movie. In this way, the American market will be taken care of, but it will also weaken the intensity of the movie around Hua Xia to a certain extent."

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Then choose the second direction. We have just started working together. We must open up a certain market space in Hua Xia and the American market. In the future, when the opportunity is ripe, I can invest in you to shoot a purely Hua Xia World War II movie."