Chapter 1343

Xie Yun had the unique charm of a woman in the south of the Yangtze River. Besides, she was born in a family of scholars, worked as a university professor for many years, and honed herself in the business circle for many years. She had seen all kinds of storms and waves. Therefore, she had gradually transformed into a powerful and all-rounded woman.

Li Ma only spent more than an hour with Xie Yun in the kitchen. She admired this woman, who was only one year younger than her, from the bottom of her heart.

Xie Yun was very beautiful. She was in her forties, but she looked like she was in her early thirties. Her appearance and temperament were indeed much better than Li Ma's. Besides, she was smart and good at chatting. Even cooking was very orderly. When ordinary housewives cooked, the kitchen was like a war. When Xie Yun cooked, everything was orderly. There would be no mess anywhere. It was clean and tidy. Obviously, she had done a lot of research on cooking. She knew how to deal with ingredients and how to control the heat. She had many operations that could not be used in ordinary home-cooked dishes.

Watching Xie Yun cooking, Li Ma imitated her to help her. They also chatted about some daily life. All aspects of Xie Yun made Li Ma admire Li Ma.

During the chat, Li Ma learned about Xie Yun's family background and life trajectory. She had been studying almost all the time before she was thirty. After she graduated from her master's, she got married and had a child. Then she got a doctorate and taught in a key university. Later, her husband's career needed her. She resigned from the university resolutely and came out to be his right-hand man. This made Li Ma not only admire her but also admire her.

In front of Xie Yun, Li Ma's heart was humble. Among all the women of the same age that she had met, no one had the educational background and knowledge like Xie Yun. In terms of family background, they were even more incomparable.

For Li Ma, both the Li Family and her mother's family, the Xiao Family, were just ordinary working-class families before Li Mu made his fortune. They didn't have enough background, so they didn't have enough confidence. Although Li Mu had completely made his fortune and his value would not be lower than that of any entrepreneur of Hua Xia, Li Ma hadn't built up enough self-confidence.

In fact, for Xie Yun, she didn't want to set up a perfect image in front of Li Ma. She even never thought about surpassing Li Ma in temperament and other aspects. She showed her advantages secretly just to give herself more confidence.

Just like how Nanny Li felt in front of Xie Yun, Xie Yun also had her own sense of inferiority. She knew that when it came to family business, no matter if it was in front of absolute power, all other advantages were basically negligible. In this day and age, the word "family business", if you put aside the political background, it was about the amount of assets. To put it bluntly, it was about who had more money.

When calculating family property, the size of your family, the number of generations of literati in your family, the number of doctorates and academicians, the depth of family background and cultural heritage were just the capital to brag to ordinary people. When it came to family property, it was about who had more money. It didn't make much sense for a family to have a top scholar in the Qing Dynasty, a great master in the Republic of China, or an academician after liberation. It could only be used as a secondary comparison standard, and it was only useful when the core standard was equal or equal.

A family with one billion yuan's assets compared with a family with nine hundred and fifty million yuan's assets. If the assets were equal, then the foundation would be compared. If the family with nine hundred and fifty million yuan's assets had a stronger cultural heritage, then it could slightly surpass the other in overall strength.

If a family with nine hundred and fifty million yuan's assets compared with a family with nine hundred and fifty million yuan's assets, it would be reduced to ashes in terms of assets. At this time, who would care about the so-called family heritage?

Even if the former's family was full of postdocs, it was useless. They would still be looked down upon by the latter and couldn't raise their heads in front of the latter, because they were not on the same level at all.

It was like a college student with a monthly salary of five thousand yuan going to compete with a person who had a car and a house in Yanjing but didn't graduate from high school. It was completely meaningless.

What Xie Yun was facing at this time was the pressure caused by the huge gap in the capital level of the two families. The gap between the two families' assets was not only ten or twenty times, but at least fifty times. In the future, this gap would get bigger and bigger. At this time, if she didn't find some confidence for herself, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to maintain a normal relationship with Li Ma.

Fortunately, Li Ma was indeed a very friendly person, and she didn't go through the long-term training of this so-called big family. In her heart, she never thought that her son's wealth was an advantage. Therefore, when she got along with Xie Yun, they both tacitly maintained a sense of modesty, and they were quite harmonious.

Li Ma praised Xie Yun's good craftsmanship and meticulous work, and Xie Yun praised Li Ma's good character and good parenting. Li Ma praised Zhao Ziqiu's beauty, which was inherited from Xie Yun's advantages. Xie Yun praised Li Mu's tall and handsome, which was inherited from Li Ma's genes. In this way, they both had a great impression of each other.

In the living room, in front of Papa Lee, Zhao Ziqiu also showed the full temperament that a lady from a big family should have. Her behavior, speech, image, and temperament were all perfect.

Papa Lee drank tea, and occasionally secretly looked at Zhao Ziqiu and his son. The more he looked at them, the more he felt that they were a good match. If Li Mu could bring home such a wife in the future, it would be really perfect.

Papa Lee was the kind of traditional man with a strong sense of inheritance. He never objected to his son's puppy love. Born in the countryside, he even thought that it was human nature for men to get married and have children after the age of 18. Moreover, the countryside paid special attention to the prosperity of the population. In the early years, families with many sons had a high status in the village. Even in the face of natural disasters and man-made disasters, such families had an easier time surviving. In the future, when the sons grew up, they would go their separate ways. In three generations, a big family could be born, which was really enviable.

When it was time to eat, Papa Lee and Li Ma kept giving each other looks at the dinner table, especially Li Ma. She always took the opportunity to stare at Zhao Ziqiu from left to right, and she liked her more and more.

Li Mu didn't tell Papa Lee and Li Ma too much about Zhao Ziqiu's situation, so Li Ma took the opportunity to inquire about her school, major, birthday, hobbies, whether she had a boyfriend or not … Basically, she asked everything that could be asked, even if it was not appropriate.

Zhao Ziqiu was very nervous when she was asked. She answered carefully and respectfully, but Xie Yun felt more and more relaxed. She could see that Li Ma really liked her daughter, which was an excellent sign.

Li Ma really liked Zhao Ziqiu. Although she didn't know the relationship between her and her son, she felt very happy when she thought that Zhao Ziqiu was her son's friend and their families lived so close.

Xie Yun woke up the red wine that Li Mu brought. The five of them drank a little, which became the catalyst for the atmosphere at the dinner table. Soon, the atmosphere at the dinner table became more active.

Li Ma began to ask how Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu got to know each other. Li Mu told her the truth: They knew each other because there was a couple from Yan Jing in their dormitory, so they played the matchmaker.

Li Ma nodded repeatedly after hearing that. A boy took his roommate to a party with his girlfriend and his girlfriend's roommate. Such a way of social interaction was really in line with the actual situation of college students. It was reasonable and very interesting.

Therefore, Li Ma asked deliberately, "Didn't they try to play a few more couples in your dormitory?"

Li Mu said, "They did. At first, there were two couples, and then one couple broke up. Now there is only one pair left."

Li Ma smiled and said, "It's normal for young people to break up and get back together occasionally when they are in love."

Then, Li Ma asked again, "They played the matchmaker for others, but not you two?"

Li Mu didn't expect his mother to suddenly ask such a direct question. Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly lowered her head and wanted to bury her face in the bowl.

Xie Yun watched with great interest. She wanted to see how Li Mu would explain it to his mother.

Li Mu had to bite the bullet and said, "I'm busy. I don't even go to class all day, so no one has taken care of my affairs."

Although it wasn't a brilliant move, it still solved Nanny Li's problem for a while.

At this time, Li Ma also felt that Li Mu was a little evasive. After all, she couldn't embarrass her son, so she said, "It's important to be busy with your career, but it's not impossible to consider some personal affairs."

Li Ma's words also stopped there, and then she didn't continue this topic.

At this time, when Xie Yun saw that Li Ma had already stopped there, she very appropriately changed the topic and asked Li Mu, "By the way, Xiaomu, your Makino Technology is cooperating with the Central Television, so the information must be more timely. How is the situation of SARS in Yan Jing now?

Is there any follow-up statement about the confirmed case that was found? "

Li Mu said, "So far, we haven't received any news of other cases of infection. Yan Jing Center for Disease Control has now entered the highest state of protection, and I believe that it will be very effective. However, the most dangerous thing now is the more than 200 passengers who have been in contact with this confirmed case. Next, the focus should be to pay close attention to their situation. Once someone is found to be infected, immediately quarantine them."

Xie Yun nodded and said, "The nature of infectious diseases spreading from one to ten, and from ten to a hundred really makes people feel insecure. It's okay in Ziyun Villa, but there are so many people coming and going in public every day, it's still a little unsafe."

After that, Xie Yun looked at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "I plan to tell Yan Jing University tomorrow and let Ziqiu study at home for the time being."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Mom, didn't you say that there's no hurry for the time being, and that we should see the development of SARS first?"

Xie Yun couldn't help but say, "That was just a stalling tactic. Did you really believe it?

From tomorrow onwards, you'll stay at home. I'll contact your principal. He has a good relationship with your grandfather, so he should be able to help you. "

In fact, Xie Yun didn't want to immediately suspend Zhao Ziqiu's classes. Although her news was not as timely as Li Mu's, at least she knew about the situation. At the moment, the epidemic had just begun to sprout in Yan Jing, and it had not yet spread to the universities. In addition, her husband had just donated five million yuan to Yan Jing University for epidemic prevention, which had greatly improved the level of disease control at Yan Jing University. Therefore, for the time being, Yan Jing University should be very safe, and she could let Zhao Ziqiu go to classes for a while.

However, just now, Xie Yun suddenly changed her mind. Li Ma's love for Zhao Ziqiu was an excellent signal. She had to help her daughter seize the opportunity.