Chapter 1584

To satisfy Li Mu?

Everyone fell silent as soon as this sentence came out.

That was right.

They could not come up with a punishment plan here and expect Li Mu to foot the bill.

To put it nicely, Li Mu was the richest man in the world and the number one person on the Internet. To put it bluntly, he was an international hooligan.

The reason why he was called an international hooligan was mainly because he did not follow the rules at all. If you did not say a word properly, he would throw a nuclear weapon at you directly. He was too lazy to give you a second chance to turn over a new leaf.

Just like this time, Manchester United had nothing more than stopped Li Mu's club from poaching people and then said some disrespectful words. Li Mu could have negotiated directly with the English Football Association first. It would be best if everyone could resolve it in private. If they could not resolve it in private, then they would think of other ways.

However, Li Mu did not do this. If the English Football Association or Manchester United pretended to be pretentious with him, he would directly throw a missile at Hua Xia and blow them to pieces. If they were unhappy, he would throw another one.

Therefore, if the English Football Association did not handle it well and satisfy Li Mu, then Li Mu was likely to fight to the death with him.

The entire conference room was silent. Everyone looked at each other. No one knew how to satisfy Li Mu.

The person in charge of the English Football Association pondered for a moment and said, "I think we should first analyze who Li Mu hates the most in this incident."

He paused and said, "I think the one he hates the most is George McMillan because of his racist remarks. I heard that Li Mu had already beaten him up in front of his face because of his racist remarks."

Everyone nodded. The matter of George McMillan being beaten up by Li Mu had long been spread in the upper class, and the circle of old bureaucrats had long heard of it.

Immediately, the person in charge said, "In Li Mu's heart, the second most annoying person after George McMillan should be Ferguson …"

At this point, he gritted his teeth. "God knows, I also hate him in my heart. He is too arrogant. It's fine if he is arrogant, but he also caused such a big mess for us!"

The person in charge nodded and looked at him. "Everyone, let me interrupt. The reason why I did not agree with the solution you proposed just now is that I think the punishment for George McMillan and Ferguson is far from what Li Mu expected. If such a punishment is announced, not only will we offend George McMillan and Ferguson, but we will also not satisfy Li Mu. In the end, we will be in trouble."

The person in charge nodded, looked at him and asked, "What do you think?"

The person in charge said, "I don't recommend sitting on the fence in this kind of matter. The more we sit on the fence, the worse it will be. Therefore, we must stand firmly on one side. As for who to stand on, if we stand on George McMillan and Ferguson, Li Mu will not let us go. The fans in Britain and even the world will not let us go either. Therefore, I think we should stand firmly on Li Mu's side. We would rather offend the McMillan family and Ferguson than let Li Mu be dissatisfied with us."

"That's right!"

The person in charge said in agreement, "I agree with your point of view. Our best choice now is to stand on Li Mu's side."

After saying that, he asked, "If we stand on Li Mu's side, what do you think we should do with George McMillan and Ferguson?"

The person in charge said without hesitation, "Deal with them to the best of our ability within the scope of our power."

At this point, he added, "We can't do anything to George McMillan, but we can ban him from any English football activities for life because we can't do anything to him, but we can do anything to English football."

The person in charge nodded gently and gave him a look to continue.

He continued, "As for Ferguson, I think the best way to punish him is to ban him from coaching in the English team for life!"

"My God …" Someone could not help but exclaim, "Ferguson is a knight, a knight personally conferred by the Queen, and he is very popular and supported in the country. We can't do this to him. It's not fair to him!"

"Fair?" The radical executive sneered, "Is there any fairness in Ferguson's eyes?

To be honest, he is an old fox who plays with the rules, just like those financial wolves on Wall Street. Such a person spends his life studying the rules, circumventing the rules, and even breaking the rules. There is no fairness in his eyes!

If there was, he would not have made such a farce! "

As he spoke, he could not hide his excitement and said, "It's just that no one exposed him in the past. Otherwise, he would have long been notorious. In other words, if all the managers in the English Premier League were exposed, none of them would be good. Now that Ferguson is being targeted by Li Mu, his popularity is bound to plummet after this incident. No one will feel that this is unfair to him."

Another official who held the same view said with great approval, "I think Bill is right. Let's not think that this is a trivial matter, or that this is just a common thing that often happens in gray areas. Since this matter has been exposed by Li Mu, it is a scandal. A scandal that, if handled improperly, could have a huge impact on the reputation of the entire English football. As managers, if we do not impose the most severe sanctions on the scandal, how can we convince the public in the future?

How can we ensure our prestige? "

Someone sighed and said, "But driving him out of England directly is too severe a punishment. It will ruin his career. If we don't help him and let him bear such a big scandal and such a serious punishment, he will never be able to coach in the five major leagues in the future …"

The person in charge slammed the table and said angrily, "I'll help him. Who the hell will help me?"

With that, the person in charge waved his hand and said, "Then let's raise our hands again to vote. Those in favor of banning George McMillan from participating in football-related activities in England for life and banning Ferguson from coaching in the English Premier League for life, please raise your hand."

Half of the nearly twenty people raised their hands directly without hesitation. A few seconds later, a few more people raised their hands one after another.

In the end, only two people refused to raise their hands, and the rest supported it.

The person in charge nodded and said, "All right, there is no need to calculate the support rate. Just announce it according to this!"

…

In Manchester.

Manchester United's Carrington Training Center.

A civilian helicopter of a local airline company landed in the open space in front of the office building.

An ashen-faced George McMillan quickly walked out of the building and hurriedly boarded the helicopter. Then the helicopter quickly climbed in altitude and flew in the direction of London.

A few minutes later, Ferguson also came out of the office building. He was a little dazed and his mind was a mess.

Until now, he regretted it so much that he wanted to slap himself directly in the mouth.

He could not figure out what was going on in his head. He had to go against Li Mu.

They were not on the same level at all. What was the point of a mantis trying to stop a chariot?

What was the point?

Just to prove that he had extraordinary strength and superior influence in the English Premier League?

But he was using it in the wrong place.

After all, he had been in a closed circle for too long. He always felt that he was like a fish in water in this circle. He could swim and eat wherever he went. Little did he know that no matter how big a fish in freshwater was, it was still a shrimp in the sea.

It was drizzling in Manchester today. Ferguson stood downstairs and looked up at the hazy streetlights. He scolded himself in his heart, "I'm getting old and confused!

I've inflated!

It's just Cristiano Ronaldo, isn't it?

If Li Mu wants it, why don't you just give it to him?

This is great. There's a big scandal. How do I clean it up?

Tomorrow at the latest, I have to give an explanation to the outside world, right? "

As he was thinking, the assistant manager quickly ran over and said to him, "Sir, the players are ready to go!"

Ferguson nodded.

Manchester United's first game of the season was at 8: 30 tonight.

He originally wanted to let Cristiano Ronaldo play in the starting lineup to send a signal to Li Mu that the English Premier League was his territory. If he was a dragon, he had to coil up. If he was a tiger, he had to crouch down.

But looking at it now, it was better to forget about the game.

Don't let Cristiano Ronaldo play. Don't even let him sit on the bench. Consider it a show of weakness to Li Mu. I hope he can receive this message. Let people go when possible!

With that thought in mind, Ferguson and the assistant manager stepped onto the team's bus together.

After getting on the bus, Ferguson found that Cristiano Ronaldo was looking at him. When he found that he was looking at him, he immediately turned his eyes to the side.

The other players were also secretly looking at him. Every time he looked at a person, that person would immediately look away.

Ferguson knew that the players should already know about the things that broke out on the Internet.

Ferguson was particularly irritable. He walked up to Cristiano Ronaldo and said to him dejectedly, "Cristiano, you don't have to go to the stadium with the team today. Go back and rest."

Cristiano Ronaldo looked at Ferguson with a puzzled expression, but he did not ask.

The other players were also a little surprised. Although the manager usually announced the starting lineup for the day after they arrived at the stadium, it was the first time that he had chased a person off the bus before setting off.

Ferguson gave a long sigh and said, "The Manchester City team came to talk about your contract today. They want to trigger the liquidated damages clause in your contract."

Cristiano Ronaldo said, "Sir Ferguson, I want to play once before the transfer. After all, I've joined Manchester United and put on the Manchester United jersey. It would be a pity if I don't even have a chance to play."

Ferguson shook his head and said, "Get off the bus. You won't be playing tonight."

Cristiano Ronaldo looked at Ferguson and nodded gently after a few seconds. He picked up his training bag and stepped off the bus.

When he got off the bus, it closed the door and slowly drove out of the training ground. Cristiano Ronaldo looked at the gradually disappearing bus and knew in his heart that he would soon be able to successfully transfer to another club.