Chapter 138

Kong Lingyu was in a bad mood recently.

There were too many things to deal with.

The matters of the Easy Listening Net, Tieba, the increasing traffic, the increasing pressure on the servers and bandwidth, and even the increasing technical support requirements, all of these matters made him feel immense pressure.

He admitted that he had never been so busy even when he was in Beijing and Yahoo.

However, as busy as he was, Kong Lingyu would still feel that he had been living a fulfilling life during this period of time!

He was a huge fan of the internet and a huge advocate of the internet era. He initially thought that after leaving Beijing and returning to Jinling, he would be far away from the center of the internet in Hua Xia. However, he did not expect that after following the right boss, he would be able to unleash such great potential.

Right now, there were so many things that he needed to maintain, deal with, and solve, but he was not annoyed at all. Instead, he enjoyed it.

His boss, who had just entered university, was really a genius among geniuses. Many of his ideas could take him a few days to digest with just one sentence.

Looking at the rapid development of the Easy Listening website and Tieba, and seeing that the financing was imminent, although Kong Lingyu did not expect to get stock options, he was still very proud to be one of the core members of such a business.

Especially in the past two days, Li Mu had given him a new idea.

3321！

This idea was simply a great thing for him. For this reason, he took the initiative to reduce his sleep time from six hours a day to four hours, but he was still full of energy.

Kong Lingyu had taken on so many things for him without any complaints. Li Mu had also been thinking that he had found the right person. Previously, his two websites were operated in his own name. Now, in order to raise funds, he was going to start turning them into a company. It was time to prepare for the option shares for the core backbone and team members.

There was no entrepreneurial company that did not reserve some stock options for their employees. These veterans who had been with the boss since the beginning of the company would be a great asset to the company in the future. If the company wanted to keep them and let them treat the company as their own business, not only did they have to be paid well, but they also had to have stock options.

Under normal circumstances, the company would have a certain binding agreement for the old employees. For example, the stock options would be held by the leader, and the company could cash out a certain percentage every year. If they resigned before the expiration, it would be considered as giving up all the options.

Li Mu was also planning to give three options to Kong Lingyu. However, he could only cash out 1% of these three options every year, and Li Mu had the priority to purchase them. In other words, the shares that Li Mu gave him would belong to him as long as he stayed here. If he did not stay here, the shares would be sold to him.

For people like Kong Lingyu, who only invested in technology, these three points were not a small number, and even a little too many. But he firmly believed that if he wanted to build a company and make a lot of money, he must not be frugal or tight on his employees. Instead, he must give them enough food and ammunition, so that they could boldly charge and break through the enemy lines outside.

Before the company was established, Li Mu received financing intentions from many companies. This time, Jack Zhou of Baidu gave a new offer. Baidu was willing to give Yiting and Tieba a valuation of 30 million yuan.

Li Mu looked at the email and did not reply. Instead, he took out his mobile phone and called him directly.

"Hello."

"Hello, is this Mr. Zhou?"

"Yes, it's me. Who are you?"

The person on the phone was obviously eating.

Li Mu smiled and said, "My surname is Li. I am the founder of Yiting and Tieba."

"Ahem …" Jack Zhou did not breathe well and sprayed the rice on his wife's face. Under his wife's reproachful eyes, he hurriedly ran to the bedroom with his mobile phone and said excitedly, "Mr. Li, I've been waiting for your call for a long time!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "In fact, I didn't want to call you because your offer has always been too insincere. However, I think it may have something to do with the current situation of your company. You must be under a lot of pressure from the capital side, right?"

"Yes."

Jack Zhou had long regarded Li Mu as a big shot in the Internet field. When he heard Li Mu's accurate words, he also sighed. "As for the intention to acquire Yiting and Tieba, our president and vice president are communicating with the capital side. They are really under a lot of pressure."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I can't tell you anything in the email or on the phone. I think we'd better make an appointment to meet and talk."

Jack Zhou immediately said excitedly, "You can tell me the time. I'll arrange it."

"Saturday. I'm fine with it all day on Saturday."

Jack Zhou hurriedly said, "Okay, I'll arrange the time with the leader when I get to the company tomorrow. I'll contact you after the arrangement. Can I reach you with this phone number?"

"Yes, this is my mobile phone number."

“OK！”

…

For the other five people in Dorm 606, Li Mu had been a little mysterious recently.

He never studied by himself and never went to the library. Every day, he disappeared after class at five o 'clock. One day, he didn't come back until 11 o' clock at night. There was even a day when he directly called and said that he wouldn't come back. No one knew what he was doing. When they asked him, he just gave vague answers. This made the five people in Dorm 606 guessing all day long.

As for the matter of not coming back at night, after Li Mu figured out the rules, he felt more at ease. The dormitory manager would occasionally check the dormitory randomly. If the dormitory manager didn't check the dormitory, there was no big problem. At most, the dormitory manager would deduct behavior points. If it was deducted too much, he wouldn't get the scholarship. Li Mu didn't care about this.

These two days, he spent almost all of his free time in Yucheng Garden. After a few days of hard work by himself and Kong Lingyu's team, the website 3321 had already developed a closed beta version.

The closed beta version of 3321 already had all the functions that Li Mu had envisioned. Other than the manager's background, there was also the student's background and the employer's background. Students could register their own accounts, upload their own identities, and other kinds of information. However, in order to prevent fake information, Li Mu set up a verification checkpoint. All personal information had to be manually verified. Although it was a little troublesome, Li Mu felt that it was necessary. No matter what, he had to ensure the authority and credibility of 3321 in the eyes of the employer.

Kong Lingyu said that 3321 could go online this week. The server and technical support could be placed in Jinling, and he would be responsible for the daily support.

Li Mu had no objections to this. The key issue was not where the server was located, nor was it where the technical support was. It was the promotion of 3321 in the eyes of the parents of high school students. For people of this age, the only choice Li Mu had was to directly promote it offline. For example, he could directly organize a marketing team to go to all the high schools and residential areas in Yan Jing.

When he thought about how he might need a marketing team of at least a dozen people to be scattered in every corner of Yan Jing, Li Mu was a little worried. He didn't have a registered company in Yan Jing, and he didn't have any connections. Where could he find suitable people?

Just as he was worrying about this, Sun Jian suddenly called Li Mu and asked him if something had happened recently. He also said that if he needed any help, he should definitely ask his roommates.

It turned out that the people in Dorm 606 had been worried that Li Mu had been acting mysteriously for the past few days. They couldn't guess what had happened, and they were even more worried. So, Sun Jian volunteered to give Li Mu a call.

Li Mu wanted to say that he was fine and reassure everyone, but on second thought, it seemed like there was no need for him to treat his roommates like an outsider for something as meaningful as 3321. He could totally tell them about this plan and then ask them to help with the offline promotion. When the time came, he could say that someone had invested in it and pay everyone a part-time salary. Wouldn't that be killing two birds with one stone?

This way, not only Dorm 606, he could also get Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls from Yan Jing University to participate. He could also call a few friends from the same hometown. From point to point, he believed that he would be able to gather a small team of a few dozen people. Moreover, all of them were top students from top universities. When he went out to promote it to the parents of high school students, it would be more persuasive.

After making up his mind, Li Mu said to Sun Jian, "I'm really busy with something, but don't worry, it's not any trouble. I'm just fiddling with something. It's just that the situation isn't completely clear yet, so I haven't told everyone yet. How about this, Boss? When I'm clear, let's have a good talk."

When Sun Jian heard what Li Mu said, he was no longer in a hurry to ask, "Alright, let's talk when you feel it's appropriate."

After confirming that Li Mu wasn't in trouble, Sun Jian and the other roommates were relieved. As for what Li Mu was fiddling with, they couldn't figure it out. However, everyone was well aware that although Li Mu was usually very low-key, some details could still tell that he was very well-off.

His laptop, which was worth more than 20,000 yuan, was left in the dorm as a shared computer. On a whim, he spent 3,000 yuan to buy a mobile phone, and even gave a brand new 8250 to Hu Zhengdao. He didn't even delay his fitness or swimming. It was obvious that he was someone who had money in his pocket. For a university student, the biggest problems in life should be a breakup and a lack of money. These two problems didn't seem to fit in with Li Mu.

There weren't any major problems found in the internal testing of 3321, but there were some small details that didn't satisfy Li Mu. At 10 pm, Li Mu wrote down the parts that he wasn't satisfied with and sent it to Kong Lingyu's email. Then, he called Kong Lingyu and asked him to organize the technical team to solve it as soon as possible.

Kong Lingyu agreed without hesitation. Li Mu suddenly remembered that he had an appointment with Baidu on Saturday to talk about financing, so he asked Kong Lingyu, "Old Kong, have you ever thought about coming back to Yanjing?"

Kong Lingyu was very surprised and asked, "What's wrong?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going to talk about Series A. Series A needs at least a few million yuan. By then, Easy Hearing and Tieba's technical team will have to double. Jinling still doesn't have enough talent, and it's not the forefront of the internet development. So, I think we should consider moving to Yanjing."

Kong Lingyu went silent for a moment and said, "You're right. If we want to expand, staying in Jinling is indeed not suitable. Jinling doesn't have the soil to nurture a large internet company …"

Kong Lingyu paused and asked, "Our team is working well now. What if they don't want to go to Yanjing?

If we build a team there at the last minute, it will definitely affect the progress. "

Li Mu said, "When I talk about the financing terms and when we become a company, I will give you and the others a certain amount of options. I will also adjust their salaries to ensure that if everyone comes to Yanjing, their salaries and future development will be much better than in Jinling."

Kong Lingyu thought for a moment and asked, "Boss, when will we talk about Series A?"

"9 am on Saturday. I feel that Baidu is still very anxious."

"Okay!

After you talk about Series A, I will announce it to everyone. I believe that everyone will accept going to Yanjing for the future and for the company. "

"Okay, wait for my news. Also, we have to settle the matter with 3321 as soon as possible. I'll go eat something first. I haven't eaten anything since last night."

"Okay, Boss, take care of your body. You're still young, don't work too hard."