Chapter 351

Although Wang Shaohua had far underestimated Li Mu's wealth and ability to make money, even after underestimating it, he was quite surprised by this boy who was less than 20 years old.

When Su Yuehua and Su Yingxue were chatting, she was also surprised when they talked about Alipay. She didn't hear it very clearly, but she heard the general idea. It seemed that Li Mu had provided something to Happy Farm for a fee. She couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li, do you still have cooperation with Happy Farm?"

Li Mu nodded. Wang Shaohua, who was beside him, said, "You forgot that I helped you get an Alipay account last time and bought a special bag from Happy Farm."

Su Yuehua said, "I remember. It's very cost-effective to buy a bunch of props for ten cents."

Wang Shaohua said, "That Alipay was developed by Li Mu. It was originally for 3321, but now it's cooperating with Happy Farm."

Su Yuehua nodded thoughtfully. Alipay was Li Mu's. This young man was just a freshman. How could he make this kind of Internet product that was linked to the bank?

After the meal, Li Mu called the waiter. As soon as he said that he wanted to pay the bill, Wang Shaohua, who was beside him, immediately took out his wallet and took out his bank card. He said to Li Mu and Su Yingxue, "I'll pay for this meal."

Li Mu just wanted to refuse, but the waiter said to Wang Shaohua, "Sir, this meal has been put on Mr. Xu's account."

Wang Shaohua asked curiously, "Who is Mr. Xu?"

"Mr. Hui Ka Ming, Mr. Xu."

Wang Shaohua frowned. He seemed to have heard the name before, but he couldn't remember who it was. But one thing was sure that he definitely didn't know such a person.

Li Mu had guessed that Hui Ka Ming would probably put the bill under his name behind his back, so he was prepared to insist on paying the bill no matter what. He didn't expect that Wang Shaohua would suddenly rush to pay the bill with his card. Li Mu was afraid that he would insist and fight with him over who would pay the bill, so he said to Wang Shaohua, "Uncle, Mr. Xu is a friend of mine. Since he has paid the bill so enthusiastically, we don't have to worry about it."

Wang Shaohua calculated in his heart that this meal would cost at least tens of thousands of yuan. At first, he secretly gritted his teeth in his heart. It was nothing more than a month's salary for himself and his wife. Although it was painful, it didn't matter. But he didn't expect that the bill had already been paid. Besides being surprised, Wang Shaohua couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Li Mu's social circle seemed to be a bit complicated.

Until the four people were ready to leave, Hui Ka Ming and Li Tong didn't show up. Li Mu sent a message to Hui Ka Ming, the content of which was two words: Thank you. As a result, Hui Ka Ming replied, "We are brothers. Don't be polite to me."

Li Mu understood in his heart that Hui Ka Ming now actually treated him like a savior. He didn't lack money, what he lacked was his own ability to make money. Now Makino Technology's valuation was rising like a rocket with the huge number of users and daily top-up revenue of Happy Farm. He probably would wake up laughing even in his dreams.

Out of the restaurant, Su Yuehua said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, why don't you go back with me tonight? Your sister is clamoring to see you."

Su Yingxue understood the meaning of her aunt's words. She guessed that her aunt had something to say to her. She secretly glanced at Li Mu and nodded in agreement.

So Li Mu watched Su Yingxue get into her uncle's car in the parking lot. After they left, Li Mu got into his car and drove back.

Su Yingxue sat in the back with her aunt. As soon as the car drove onto the main road, Su Yuehua couldn't help but ask her, "Yingxue, do you know Li Mu's real background?"

Su Yingxue said, "Didn't he tell you already? His parents are workers at Xiling Mine. He's the only child in his family."

"That's not what I'm asking."

Su Yuehua said, "What I mean is, do you know if his family has any unusual connections?"

Su Yingxue shook her head, "I don't know. Aunt, why are you asking this?"

Su Yuehua said, "If his family situation and background is really like what he said, how could he do so many things in Yanjing in such a short period of time? Even when he went to such a high-end restaurant, someone secretly helped him pay the bill. Your uncle was born and raised in Yanjing for thirty or forty years, but he didn't get this kind of treatment …"

Wang Shaohua, who was driving, said with some dissatisfaction, "Wife, you can't look down on people. Although my official position isn't high, there are a lot of people who rush to treat me to a meal all day, okay?"

Su Yuehua said, "Those who rush to treat you to a meal are all asking you to do things for them. Isn't it because your construction committee has been too popular these past few years? People are after the little privileges in your hands, and some confidential planning information of your construction committee. But Li Mu is just a university student. What do you think people are after?"

Wang Shaohua shrugged, "That I don't know."

Su Yuehua immediately said, "So I think this child Li Mu might have some background. Maybe he has a relatively powerful relative in Yanjing."

As she said this, Su Yuehua asked Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, haven't you heard him talk about it at all?"

Su Yingxue said awkwardly, "Li Mu really doesn't seem to have any relatives in Yanjing. Before we came to Yanjing, we talked about it when we were chatting. He said that at least I have relatives in Yanjing, and he doesn't know anyone in Yanjing …"

Su Yuehua frowned, "That's strange. Not to mention other things, just that Alipay alone is not simple. How can it be used to transfer money from the online banking of the four major banks?

Without the consent of the bank, can it work? "

Wang Shaohua said, "You're right. Alipay really can't be implemented without the consent of the bank."

Su Yuehua glanced at Su Yingxue and sighed in her heart. Her niece really had a good eye. Although she couldn't see through Li Mu's background, this young man was indeed quite outstanding and had unlimited potential.

When they arrived home, Su Yuehua told Su Yingxue, "Aunt doesn't object to the matter between you and Li Mu for the time being, but I have a few requirements."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Aunt, please speak."

"First, you have to grasp the situation well. In the face of a good man, a girl should not lose her modesty."

"Second, Aunt will temporarily help you hide it from your family, but you have to think of a way to find a time to explain it to your parents. You can't drag it out for too long. You must let them know before your second year."

Su Yingxue immediately agreed. Su Yuehua was relieved and held Su Yingxue's arm with a face full of love.

Li Mu didn't return to Yucheng Garden. He parked the car and went back to the dormitory. As soon as he arrived, he received a message from Su Yingxue asking, "Are you home?"

Li Mu replied, "I'm in the dormitory."

"Why are you back in the dormitory today?"

"You're not here. I'm too lonely in Yucheng Garden."

"You're glib. You've never said you were lonely in Yucheng Garden before."

Li Mu replied, "Let's go to Yucheng Garden tomorrow night. I'll make something delicious for you."

Su Yingxue replied, "I'm afraid my aunt will call the dormitory again to check on me …"

Li Mu replied, "What are you thinking? I didn't ask you to stay the night. It's just dinner."

"Then let's go to the supermarket near the school tomorrow after class to buy groceries."

Li Mu replied, "Okay. Just as he was about to send the message, he thought of today's meeting and couldn't help but ask," Aunt and uncle, what's their impression of me? "

Su Yingxue replied, "They're pretty good. They're willing to keep it a secret from my family for the time being, but they want me to come clean with them before my second year."

Li Mu replied, "Why don't you wait for the New Year and tell your parents? I'll buy some things to pay them a New Year's visit."

Su Yingxue replied, "Be careful or my dad will kick you out of the house."

Li Mu replied, "I won't. My future mother-in-law will definitely side with me."

"How shameless!"

…

The guys in the dormitory started to get busy. Although they were also the founding members of 3321, the school's tolerance for them was far less than that for Li Mu. Therefore, they still had to work hard when it was time for the exams. However, Hu Zhengdao wasn't in the dormitory. According to Xue Jianfeng, he was accompanying Wang Yanan and her mother.

Other than Hu Zhengdao, the other four were in the dormitory, reading books. Li Mu was bored sitting by the bed, and Su Yingxue went to take a shower. There was no one to chat with him, so he was bored to death.

There wasn't much to play with on a phone with only one function. He flipped through the phone in a few minutes. He either opened his messages to check his past messages or opened his contact list to see if there was anyone he hadn't contacted for a long time.

As a result, Li Mu suddenly found Zhao Ziqiu's name. Her name was at the bottom of the entire address book. Li Mu scrolled all the way through the address book, from letter A to letter Z. Only then did he see her name on the mobile phone screen.

After the incident with Feng Sier, he hadn't seen Zhao Ziqiu much. He didn't take the initiative to look for her, and she didn't contact him much either. Li Mu wanted to call or text her to ask how she was doing. However, he gave up on the idea. After giving up, he recalled what Zhao Ziqiu had said to him. She didn't accept deliberately distancing herself, but wasn't he deliberately distancing himself from her?

Although she said she didn't accept it, it seemed like she had accepted it.

Thinking of this, Li Mu's heart felt empty. At one point, he even naively felt that Zhao Ziqiu didn't keep her word. She clearly said she didn't accept deliberately distancing herself from him, but she never contacted him again. Even if she called to scold him, it would be fine. At least he knew that she was serious when she said those words.

Just as he was feeling melancholy, Hu Zhengdao pushed the door open and walked in. He glanced around the dormitory dejectedly and found that Li Mu was actually there. He was a little surprised, but he put on a smile and said jokingly, "Oh, you're finally willing to come back today."

Li Mu saw that he seemed to be smiling, so he couldn't help but ask, "What's wrong? You don't seem to be in a good mood."