Chapter 1485

After the two plates of cicadas were served on the table, Li Mu did not touch his chopsticks. Instead, he invited Peng Yuyan and Larry Page to have a taste first. Huang Lei and He Wan immediately understood. For the effect of the program, it was definitely to let people who did not dare to try to try to try. This was what the audience liked the most.

The cameras in several positions also zoomed in on Peng Yuyan, Larry Page, and the cicadas on the table. Peng Yuyan's expression was a little hesitant, but he quickly showed the unique temperament of a teenager. He shook his head and said to himself, "Hey, it's just cicadas. It's not a big deal. I'll go first!"

"Okay!"

Huang Lei deliberately clapped and laughed. "I think if Xiao Peng can accept fried cicadas today, he can try the silkworm chrysalis tomorrow."

Peng Yuyan was about to pick up the cicadas with his chopsticks when he heard this. He asked blankly, "Mr. Huang, what is silkworm chrysalis?"

Huang Lei smirked. "I don't know how to describe it, but it's also a very delicious thing."

Peng Yuyan asked, "Delicious?

What's the taste? "

Huang Lei said seriously, "The taste is hard to describe, but the texture is very unique. I don't know if you've eaten Pissing Beef Balls before."

"Of course I have."

Peng Yuyan said, "There are many Hong Kong snacks in Taiwan. To be honest, I quite like Pissing Beef Balls."

Huang Lei nodded and laughed. "That's good. The taste of silkworm chrysalis is similar to Pissing Beef Balls to a certain extent. Although it's not as chewy as Pissing Beef Balls, it also explodes like Pissing Beef Balls …"

Peng Yuyan quickly said, "Then I think I can do it. I like the taste of Pissing Beef Balls the most. It's great."

"That's good."

Huang Lei said, "Tomorrow, no matter what the new guests order, I'll make silkworm chrysalis for you to enjoy."

Li Mu laughed. "Mr. Huang, if you keep chatting with Yuyan, the cicadas will be cold."

"Oh, right!"

Huang Lei hurriedly said, "Come, come, Yuyan, try this Salt and Pepper Cicada."

Peng Yuyan pursed his lips, picked up a cicada and looked at it carefully for a moment. He swallowed a few mouthfuls of saliva and asked Huang Lei without confidence, "Mr. Huang, which part of it should I eat?

Is it the back, the middle, or … should I remove the head? "

Li Mu laughed and said, "This thing is full of treasures, of course it can be eaten. You just need to put it in your mouth and chew it."

"Ah …" Peng Yuyan looked a little flustered.

At this time, Li Mu spoke to Larry Page in English, "Larry, every part of the golden cicada can be eaten, so just put it in your mouth and taste it."

Larry Page waved his hand instinctively. "I think I'd better not come. I really can't accept this …"

Be it Peng Yuyan or Larry Page, when they saw the deep-fried golden cicada up close, they couldn't accept it.

Li Mu asked Larry Page, "Larry, do you usually eat shrimp?"

Larry Page nodded. "Yes."

Li Mu asked him with a smile, "If shrimps can be eaten, why can't golden cicadas?

Tell me, how are we worse than shrimps? "

"This …" Larry Page didn't know what to say.

Prawns are prettier than cicadas?

Actually, these two things looked quite ugly if one looked closely.

Seeing that Larry Page was speechless, Li Mu told him in a low voice, "The people of Hua Xia will instinctively have a better impression of foreigners who can accept the customs and food of Hua Xia. What is in front of you is a good opportunity to cater to the people of Hua Xia."

Li Mu wasn't talking nonsense. People of every nation and country had very high feelings for their own culture. Foreigners who could accept their own culture would have a better image in the eyes of their own people. The story of foreigners being conquered by Hua Xia's food was a story that every person of Hua Xia loved to hear.

As soon as Larry Page heard Li Mu's words, he immediately understood Li Mu's good intentions and felt a little grateful. So, without hesitation, he gritted his teeth, stamped his feet, picked up a piece, closed his eyes, and threw it into his mouth. Then, he forced himself to chew it quickly.

At first, Larry Page's eyebrows were tightly knitted, but when he started to eat, his eyebrows quickly relaxed.

Larry Page didn't expect that this thing looked so disgusting, but it tasted so good!

Crispy, fragrant, slightly salty, slightly spicy, and with the unique taste of cumin, it was indescribably delicious!

Peng Yuyan didn't expect Larry Page, a foreigner, to be faster than him. Driven by his unwillingness to be outdone, he directly picked up one and put it into his mouth.

"Kacha, kacha." Peng Yuyan's eyes were wide open. While eating, he said vaguely, "It's really delicious!

It's countless times more delicious than I imagined! "

Larry Page was also very engrossed in eating. After finishing one, he subconsciously picked up another, and then naturally put it into his mouth.

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. He also tasted one. The taste was indeed the same as his childhood memory. It was even more delicious than back then. After all, Huang Lei's cooking method was more particular. He pickled it and added salt and pepper. When Li Mu was a child, he didn't pay so much attention to it. He just washed it, fried it in the pan, and sprinkled some salt.

The five people in front of the camera were full of praise. The staff behind the camera also ate with great enthusiasm. Because of the large number of people, nearly a hundred cicadas were eaten up in a short time.

After Peng Yuyan ate a dozen, his hands didn't stop moving. He said while eating, "Teacher Huang, Teacher He, I think we can catch some more tomorrow night. This thing is so delicious, and it's so easy to catch. It's a pity not to catch some to eat."

"Sure." Huang Lei smiled and said, "Then we'll catch some more tomorrow night."

Li Mu suggested, "You can find some sticky tape tomorrow. In the evening, wrap it around the tree a few times. When it's past ten o 'clock, the cicadas will basically be stuck to the tape."

"That works?" Peng Yuyan asked in surprise.

"Why not?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "When these things break out of the soil, they start climbing up the tree. When they climb up to the branches, they start shedding their shells. We don't know how many of them will climb out one after another. If we go to catch them like we did today, many of them might not have come out yet, or they might have already climbed up and disappeared. If we wrap the tape in advance, all the cicadas that climb up the tree will be stuck. It's very efficient."

Huang Lei said, "That's a good idea. We can try it tomorrow."

The five people shared about a hundred cicadas. The one who ate the most was Peng Yuyan. Larry Page also ate a lot, eating at least ten cicadas.

Seeing that it was almost late at night, Li Mu asked Larry Page, "Larry, you're not going back to the city tonight?"

Larry Page nodded and said, "It's too late, I can't go back. The traffic here is not so convenient."

Li Mu asked, "Then where are you staying?"

Larry Page said, "The staff arranged a bed for me."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's good. You can come back to the city with me tomorrow."

"Okay, thank you, Li Zong," Larry Page said.

Larry Page continued, "I have already contacted the head office. Our legal department will draft up the merger agreement in the shortest time possible. I will send it to you for review. If there are no problems, we will sign the contract as soon as possible and complete the process as soon as possible."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and said, "But I have to clarify one thing first. Before Google acquires Muye & Baidu, I will first sign a technology statement agreement with Baidu. Muye & Baidu will give up all claims to Baidu's technology patents. Do you have any objections to this?"

Larry Page subconsciously wanted to say that of course he had objections, but after thinking about it carefully, he didn't say it.

Google acquiring Muye & Baidu was a very high price in itself. This was because Muye & Baidu, other than the 10 million USD investment by Li Mu, and a search engine model built entirely with Baidu's technology as the core, the other valuable things were Baidu's patented technologies. But now, Li Mu wanted to give up all claims to Baidu's technology. This also meant that after Google acquired Muye & Baidu, they would not get any of Baidu's core technologies.

As a result, the acquisition, which was already extremely inefficient, became even more inefficient. Li Mu basically used 10 million USD to create a shell and then sold it to Google at a premium of hundreds of times. If the calculation period was extended, the actual premium might be more than a thousand times.

However, the reason why Larry Page didn't voice out his objections was that he now realized that the main purpose of acquiring Muye & Baidu was to sign a peace agreement with Makino Technology. It was to get the support of Makino Technology's resources and rebuild the confidence of investors and capitalists in Google. In this case, whether Muye & Baidu had Baidu's patented technologies or not, in fact, it didn't matter.

Since it didn't matter, there was no need to protest to Li Mu. After all, Li Mu was also a shareholder of Baidu. He must also consider the interests of Baidu. If Larry Page still held on to Baidu's technology patents and refused to give up, it would be tantamount to causing trouble.

Instead of that, it was better to follow Larry's wishes and sign the contract as soon as possible.

Therefore, Larry Page made the decision himself and said, "Li Zong, I have no opinion on your decision."

"That's good," Li Mu nodded and took the initiative to extend his hand. He smiled and said, "It was a pleasure working with you."

Larry Page also extended his hand. Although his heart was bleeding, he still smiled and said, "It was a pleasure working with you!"

…

After the meal, Larry Page got up and left. He returned to the room that the program team arranged for him. The director also stopped the camera team and announced that the filming for the day was over.

Just as the staff were about to pack up and leave, Li Mu pulled the program director aside and said, "For today's episode, during the post-editing, you must be careful not to mention Larry Page's identity, not to mention the word 'Google' or the word 'Google'. When the program is edited, you just need to tell the audience that he is a friend of mine, understand?"

Even if Google agreed to his conditions and decided to acquire Muye & Baidu, Li Mu didn't want to do any promotions for Google in China. This was because it would have a considerable impact on Baidu's business. If the hundreds of millions of viewers of this show remembered Google, it would be a huge blow to Baidu. At the same time, it would be a huge boost to Google's development in China.

Li Mu couldn't let Google force Baidu into a corner in China. In his opinion, as a boss, he couldn't let his employees down; as a boss, he couldn't let his underlings down.