Chapter 1723

On behalf of DreamWorks, Spielberg signed a copyright agreement with Li Mu for Panda Bear. It was a strategic cooperation agreement for Kung Fu Panda.

The overall terms seemed fair, but if one really looked into it, DreamWorks was the one who suffered a loss.

Li Mu's approach was like a famous celebrity going to a famous restaurant to dine and dash and then forcefully buying shares. Although it brought its own traffic, DreamWorks had indeed lost more room for imagination in the long run.

However, Spielberg had no other choice. He did not want to offend Li Mu because of a movie. After all, no matter how good a movie was, there was still a limit to its imagination. But behind Li Mu, there were infinite possibilities.

After the contract was signed, Makino Image became one of the producers of Kung Fu Panda. In order to promote the movie in advance, YY and Weibo and Twitter jointly announced the news to the outside world.

Then, the news that Panda Bear was going to star in DreamWorks' animated movie Kung Fu Panda spread all over the world.

It was the first time in Hollywood that a crossover collaboration with a cartoon character had happened.

As the Kung Fu Panda project had only just begun in DreamWorks, the outside world had not heard anything about it at all. So, everyone thought that it was a movie specially made for Panda Bear by Li Mu.

The concept of customizing a Hollywood-level animated movie for a cartoon character shocked the whole world. It sounded like a university specially built for a child, but when they thought of the rich Makino Technology, the public could accept it.

As for those fans who liked Panda Bear, they were naturally very happy. Although they did not know the specific plot of the movie, just the name Kung Fu Panda was enough to make people look forward to it.

After the news that Panda Bear would be the main character of Kung Fu Panda came out, Li Mu and Spielberg immediately achieved a win-win situation. Spielberg also saw the strong fan effect of Panda Bear from social networks and the news media. With such a strong fan base as support, as long as Kung Fu Panda reached first-class production standards, it should not be a problem for the global box office to reach 1.5 billion US dollars.

As for the production cost of Kung Fu Panda, DreamWorks had estimated it to be around 100 million US dollars.

However, for almost all movies, the budget before filming started would be lower than the actual cost. Almost every director would increase their investment during the actual process. Therefore, after the production of "Kung Fu Panda" was completed, the cost should increase by another 20 million USD.

A box office of 1.5 billion USD compared to a production cost of 120 million USD was extremely optimistic.

Therefore, Spielberg immediately adjusted DreamWorks' current focus and raised "Kung Fu Panda" to the first priority. In other words, from now on, DreamWorks' main focus would be on producing "Kung Fu Panda".

DreamWorks was, after all, a top animation company with a lot of experience. They immediately made adjustments to their schedule. The selection team, which had originally planned to go to the provinces southwest of Hua Xia, immediately turned around and headed for Sichuan, especially Jiuzhaigou and Wolong Town.

Jiuzhaigou was recommended by Li Mu to Spielberg. The Peace Valley in Kung Fu Panda was also located in the mountains with a strong Hua Xia style. However, to the people of Hua Xia, that style was too common and not representative enough.

Therefore, Li Mu suggested that Spielberg refer to the scenery in Jiuzhai, especially the water there, when he was building the scene.

Other than Jiuzhaigou and Wolong Town, Li Mu also recommended Huang Shan to Spielberg. Li Mu had been to many mountains and rivers in his previous life. In his eyes, Huang Shan was the one with the most heavenly aura.

Therefore, Spielberg immediately instructed the selection team to send a small team to Huang Shan to take a look.

Therefore, Li Mu hoped that the future "Kung Fu Panda" would include the majestic mountains of Huang Shan and the magical lake of Jiuzhaigou. Then, it would incorporate the freehand brushwork of Hua Xia's landscape painting to deepen the artistic conception.

Spielberg completely accepted Li Mu's suggestion. This time, Hua Xia, who was in a hurry, made Spielberg understand a simple principle. No matter what, he had to make Li Mu satisfied.

Li Mu did not stay idle either. He immediately asked the team to shoot and produce a new panda bear emoji pack. This time, in order to highlight "Kung Fu Panda", the filming team specially built a martial arts studio setting and had Panda Bear shoot a series of "Kung Fu" related expressions. However, these expressions were also exaggerated. Moreover, they deliberately did not make Panda Bear into a Kung Fu master, but a Kung Fu wastrel.

For example, Panda Bear was practicing on the Plum Blossom Stump and fell down heavily. He was practicing his skills in front of the Wooden Dummy Stump, but because he was too clumsy, he was hit by the wooden dummy.

In addition to the Kung Fu related expressions, the team added some funny, cheap, mischievous, and cute expressions in order to avoid the monotonous style of the updated emoji pack.

After this set of expressions was released, the popularity of Panda Bear and "Kung Fu Panda" on the Internet increased.

… ….

Just when the news of "Kung Fu Panda" was at its peak, the leader of Xiangnan Satellite TV realized this powerful cultural IP.

Over the past year or so, Xiangnan Satellite TV has received a lot of help from Li Mu. The popularity of "Super Girl" has helped them open up a new world of talent shows, and the popularity of "Life Longing for" has allowed them to lead other domestic satellite TV stations by a large margin in the field of reality shows.

Now, with the approach of the Lunar New Year, the first season of "Life Longing for" is about to end. Xiangnan Satellite TV is ready to plan a new variety show, and they are focusing on the now popular Panda Bear.

Right now, in the international market, there was a reality show that was very popular. Its English name was "The Amazing Match". The general idea of the show was to select a few groups of guests and then bring them to travel around the world. Moreover, they would complete various tasks while traveling. There would be many competition-type units in the show. Every once in a while, one or two teams would be eliminated and a new team would be filled in.

Every season of "The Amazing Match" was like a football league. After a series of competitions and continuous eliminations, only one group of winners would be left. The show's production company would prepare generous bonuses for the winners to increase the show's attractiveness to them.

This program has been broadcast in Hong Kong and Taiwan, and Travel Satellite TV has been broadcasting it since last year. The ratings are very good. This program is different from ordinary variety shows. Most variety shows are indoor programs. Even "Life Longing for", the venue of each season is fixed. But "The Amazing Match" is different. Its characteristic is that it never repeats the scene. Both the contestants and the program are constantly changing the scene and moving forward at a high speed. Therefore, the rhythm of the program is very tight, tense and exciting.

After the success of "Life Longing for", Xiangnan Satellite TV wanted to continue to develop new variety shows to increase their advantage, so their leadership suddenly came up with a program concept. They wanted to move the model of "The Amazing Match" in, and then make a domestic version of "The Amazing Race".

Since it is a domestic version, it is naturally most appropriate to choose to shoot the first season in China. Now, Li Mu is using the panda bear to promote the domestic panda tourism route, which has given the leadership of Xiangnan Satellite TV a good inspiration. They feel that the best choice is to use the popularity of the panda tourism route to make a panda tourism route of "The Amazing Race".

In their vision, they plan to invite 12 guests to form six teams. The six teams will start from Yanjing, go through various programs arranged all the way, and set off from Yanjing to Sichuan.

In the first season, they want to be divided into 10 episodes, including one episode in Yanjing, two episodes in Hebei Province, two episodes in Jin Province, one episode across the Yellow River, and then two episodes in Shaanxi Province and two episodes in Sichuan Province.

They hope to use the elements of the panda bear in the whole program, and even hope to be able to co-produce with Makino Image, because they are very clear about the strength of Li Mu's production of TV programs, and they covet Li Mu's powerful resources in publicity and promotion. If the two sides cooperate, the future ratings of this program will surely explode.

So they immediately held a meeting to discuss the feasibility of the whole program. At the meeting, everyone raised their hands and passed the resolution. Then, after confirming the details, they looked for Chen Wan, who has become the number one sister of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

As soon as Chen Wan entered the conference room, the director said to her with a smile, "Chen Wan, I asked you to come here today because I have a major task to ask you."

Although she didn't know what the task would be, Chen Wan immediately nodded and said, "Director, please speak."

The director said, "We have planned a variety show. I'll ask director Wang to give a general introduction."

At this time, the senior executive called director Wang roughly introduced the overall idea of "The Amazing Race".

After he finished the introduction, the director said, "Chen Wan, you have the deepest relationship with Li Mu. I hope you can communicate with him on behalf of the station. There are three main demands. One is to use the image of the panda bear and the concept of the panda tour route. The second is to get Li Mu's support in promotion resources. The third is to be able to co-produce with Li Mu's Makino Image, mutually beneficial."

Chen Wan immediately nodded and said, "The idea of this program is great, and it can really promote with Li Mu's panda tour. I don't think Li Mu will refuse."

With that, Chen Wan added, "I'll call him later."

I'll ask director Wang and the main creative team to go with you to meet him and see if Li Mu has any good suggestions for us. I think his thinking model is very advanced. No one would have thought that a farmhouse program like "Longing for Life" could set a record for the ratings of domestic variety shows other than talent shows. Now, the two programs with the highest ratings in the country, Super Girl and "Longing for Life", are the creativity of Makino Image. I believe they have a way to make "The Amazing Race" more perfect and better! "

。

m.

Recommend Urban God Lao Shi Xinshu: