Chapter 779

Back home, Li Mu, who had been busy for a whole day, felt very tired. He always said that he would not work hard and take his time, but when things piled up in his mind, he could not throw away any of them and could not throw them away.

Li Mu finally understood why the boss of Wanda and the richest man had such a busy schedule in his previous life. He would wake up at six o 'clock every day, arrive at the company at seven o' clock, have a meeting in the morning, take a private jet to another city at noon, attend an event or hold a meeting in another city in the afternoon, and then the private jet would take him to a third city at night. He still had to continue working there, and it might be one or two o 'clock in the morning when he went to bed. Then, he would sleep for five or six hours, and it would be another busy day when he woke up.

Li Mu had not reached the level of the richest man, but he still had a lot of things to do. Any boss who wanted to expand their business into an industrial chain and an ecological chain was basically very busy. It was the same for Li Mu. Makino Technology was an industrial chain and an ecological chain; Taobao was an industrial chain and an ecological chain. These two industrial chains were two hundred billion US dollars supercarriers in his previous life. Now, he had to take the helm alone. Naturally, he was so tired that he wanted to vomit.

But he had no choice.

Li Mu finally understood why so many billionaires and even super billionaires with a net worth of tens of billions or even hundreds of billions of dollars still worked so hard even though they were so rich. Because the higher their level was, the more desperate they would be. The entire market was filled with enemies who regarded themselves as their biggest competitors. They were always circling around themselves and looking for weaknesses that they exposed. As generals who held their positions and expanded their territories, billionaires also had to constantly expand and improve their strength in order to make themselves invincible.

Business was like rowing a boat against the current. If one did not advance, one would fall back. If Teng Xun only had QQ, it would not be able to become big and strong.

Boss Ma must always maintain the highest strategic sensitivity and expand his strength to resist various enemies. That was why he did QQ Games, QQ Games, QQ Space, QQ Show, QQ Mail, Tencent TM, QQ Net, and WeChat. He would not invest in a lot of various companies, such as film and television companies, entertainment companies, ticketing companies, e-commerce companies, software companies, and even search companies.

All of this was not because of greed, but because it was necessary to have a strategic layout to maintain its position. It was precisely because of a strong strategic layout and a strong ecological closed-loop that it could become a giant.

Otherwise, why would Hua Xia's giant company not have 361?

A software could also achieve hundreds of millions of installations, but the ecosystem could not be compared to Teng Xun at all. Therefore, their valuation in the overseas capital market only reached about 10 billion USD in 2016, which was only one-twentieth of Teng Xun's. The biggest reason was that the ecosystem was on a completely different level.

The importance of ecology was not only in offense, but also in defense. Take a very marginal industry as an example: Why did Teng Xun make QQ Music?

Apart from occupying some music users, what else could QQ Music do?

In fact, it was very useful.

Teng Xun's entire ecosystem needed QQ Music's support as long as it was related to music.

Space background music, blog background music, personal talk about sharing music, sharing music on Teng Xun Weibo, or directly recommending a song to friends through QQ or WeChat, sharing it on WeChat Moments. These music-related user behaviors were all supported by QQ Music.

What if Teng Xun did not have a QQ Music business?

Then their users' needs for music would need to be met by other competitors' products. At that time, not only would Teng Xun's user experience be affected, but the key was that their own platform would become a channel for other platforms to support users. NetEase Cloud Music was here to encourage its users to share with each other. How could Teng Xun sit back and watch the sharing of music on WeChat Moments be supported by NetEase Cloud Music and Shrimp Music?

The real solution was to build their own music support within their own ecosystem, so that users could use their own music products in their own ecosystem, and even in other ecosystems.

Just a music service that did not have much profit margin was already so hard, let alone those areas with huge profit margins, such as: tourism, ticketing, group buying, e-commerce, O2O, and sharing economy?

For these big projects, Li Mu had to ensure that he was faster, more accurate, and more ruthless. Only then could he maintain his position as a giant.

There would never be a monopoly in the Internet industry, only a crisis. To avoid a crisis, he had to become a giant, and to become a giant, he had to take care of all aspects of the core direction.

After becoming a giant, he could not relax for even a moment. Once he found out that the opponent did something that he did not do, he had to do everything in this business to compete with the opponent. Even if he had to spend money like crazy, even if he had to spend so much money that he started to doubt his own life, he had to fight with the opponent. It was just like the epic money-burning war between Didi and Kuaidi in the past. It was completely a gamble.

Neither side could sit back and watch the other monopolize the market, so they had to keep throwing chips in, check and balance each other, and the more they threw, the fiercer they were. In the end, the chips on the table were too big, and no one was willing to stop. The only solution was for both sides to sit down and have a chat. Now that there were so many chips on the table, some of them were placed, some of them were placed, and there were also many people placing bets. It would not be good for anyone to continue throwing chips, so they might as well talk about a ratio and divide it.

It was the same for Didi Kuaidi, Youku Tudou, 58 Fair, and Ctrip.

If Li Mu did not work hard now, and did not immediately establish an absolute advantage and occupy the high ground alone, he would definitely encounter similar problems in some fields in the future.

If he threw money, someone else would throw money against him, biting and restraining each other. This feeling was too passive.

What Li Mu wanted to do was to directly establish a dominant position like QQ in instant messaging, and Taobao in e-commerce. He did not dare to say that he could completely block all his opponents, but he definitely had to ensure that he was at the top, and let the remaining companies eat at his bowl, and fight each other to the death.

…

While taking a shower, Li Mu sorted out the thoughts in his mind. Right now, he had four fields that he had to become a giant:

One was an Internet entertainment company with QQ as its core — Makino Technology;

One was an e-commerce company with Taobao as its core — Taobao Network;

One was an online payment company with Alipay as its core — Alipay;

The last was an offline logistics company with Taobao Logistics as its core — Taobao Logistics.

In his previous life, Teng Xun occupied the first point, and a part of the second and third points; Ali occupied most of the second and third points; these two companies together could occupy the first, second, and third points, which was just in line with Li Mu's current layout plan.

As for the fourth point, it was mostly occupied by SF Express in his previous life. Right now, his own Taobao Logistics was also starting up. It started early, and it had resources linked up. The rise of Taobao Logistics was just around the corner. Once it was established, the proportion of the domestic express delivery industry would definitely be higher than SF Express in his previous life. Therefore, his position as a giant was basically locked in.

After taking a shower, Li Mu lay on the bed. He was afraid that he would continue to think about the development of his career, so the first thing he did after lying down was to take out his phone and call Su Yingxue.

It was almost eleven o 'clock now, and Su Yingxue was still awake.

She also finished taking a shower early and lay on the bed waiting for Li Mu's call. Fortunately, Li Mu was not so busy that he forgot about the call.

After receiving Li Mu's call, Su Yingxue's mood instantly improved a lot. She asked Li Mu with concern as soon as she hung up, "Are you lying down?"

"Yes," Li Mu smiled and said, "I just came out of the shower and laid down immediately. I'm a little tired. How about you?"

"I'll lie down for a while."

Su Yingxue's voice was very low and gentle. She almost whispered, "You have to take care of your body. Don't work too hard."

Li Mu responded and said with a smile, "Okay, after this busy period, I can relax a little."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but say, "You always say that. You've been saying that since you were busy with 3321. In the end, there are one thing after another. I don't see you relax. Instead, you're getting busier and busier."

At present, most of Li Mu's industries had been made public nationwide, so he no longer avoided it. He directly said to Su Yingxue, "I invested 500 million yuan in logistics, but in my opinion, this amount of money is still inadequate. If it's done well, 500 million yuan can turn the plate of logistics first. If it's not done well, 500 million yuan may lead to a dead end. So I have to work hard."

Su Yingxue softly agreed, hesitated for a moment, and said in a questioning tone, "It's not easy for us to talk on the phone. Can you stop talking to me about work?"

Li Mu felt a burst of shame in his heart. He hurriedly said, "Okay, I won't talk about work."

Su Yingxue paused for a moment on the other end of the phone and asked him, "Have you missed me since I came back?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Yes, of course I have."

After saying that, Li Mu subconsciously wanted to add an explanation. Although he despised himself for always using being too busy as an excuse, it was indeed an objective fact that he was busy.

Unexpectedly, Su Yingxue didn't give him a chance to say a second sentence. For the first time, she asked with a tingling voice, "Then tell me, how do you usually think of me?"

Li Mu had known Su Yingxue for so long, and the two of them had been together for so long, but it was the first time that Su Yingxue spoke in such a tone. Li Mu only felt as if her voice could transmit a different kind of electric current through wireless signals, making his entire body from the inside out a little numb.

Then, Li Mu deliberately said in a teasing tone, "I have many ways to think of you. Which one do you want to hear?"