Chapter 418

When Chen Ze heard that Li Mu wanted to buy a G55, he could not help but remind him, "That car is not that comfortable. The suspension, tuning, and seats are not suitable for driving in the city."

Li Mu asked him, "A car that is worth two or three million yuan will not be worse than my GL8, right?"

Chen Ze laughed, "Of course it is not the same thing. What I mean is that the comfort level of the G55 is very average for its price. But it is much better than your GL8."

Li Mu said, "That's enough. I like that car very much. It's straight and square, and it's very imposing."

Chen Ze nodded, "That car is good for off-road driving. But you can buy it if you are interested. Anyway, the money is not a problem for you."

Li Mu asked him, "Can I buy it in China?

Or should I ask someone to buy it? "

Chen Ze said, "It is not easy to buy it in China. Ask Fatty Wang later. He has a way to buy it."

When they came to the private room, Fatty Wang had heard the news. Recently, the business of the bar was very good. His whole face was red. He came to deliver cigarettes and wine. Li Mu introduced Song Liang to Fatty Wang, but he did not go into details. He just said that Song Liang was a friend of his family.

Fatty Wang shook hands with Song Liang. At the same time, he did not forget to take out a business card and handed it to Song Liang. He said, "Brother Liang, next time you come to Beijing, I will give you a one-stop service of eating, drinking, and playing. I guarantee it will be more thoughtful than Li Mu."

Song Liang nodded and took the business card. Chen Ze said, "Oh, Li Mu wants to buy a G55. You have a lot of friends in this field. Can you help him?"

Fatty Wang said, "Aiya, you have to look for Lao Cai if you want to buy a car. He is the top car dealer in Beijing. As long as it is a civilian car, no matter the brand or model, he will be able to get it as long as you have enough money. If you look for a car like the G55 from a domestic dealer, you will not be able to get it. You will have to wait at least a few months. If you look for Lao Cai, you can get it within a month.

Li Mu asked curiously, "Who is Lao Cai?"

"Cai Zhengmao."

Fatty Wang said, "His family is in the import and export business. He loves cars, especially luxury sports cars, so he used his family's channels and connections to start the import car business. He mainly gets cars from North America and the Middle East, and then ships them to the Jinshi port. He can buy the car directly and declare it to the customs."

Li Mu felt that this name was very familiar. He couldn't help but say, "I feel like I've heard this person's name before."

Fatty Wang asked, "You two have met before?"

Li Mu shook his head. "No, I haven't."

Fatty Wang said, "Maybe he heard it from a friend in the circle. Jiaming's G55 was also helped by him. This kid has a lot of luxury cars in his hands. From Rolls-Royce to Ferrari, he has at least eight or nine of them."

"Ferrari!" Li Mu suddenly remembered!

Li Mu had called Lin Lin to inquire about Geng Yang, who had been pestering Chen Wan, after he beat up Zhao Kang. Lin Lin had mentioned this person's name at that time. It seemed that Geng Yang and he had both bought a red Ferrari, and Geng Yang had driven that Ferrari to beat up Zhao Kang at the hot spring hotel.

Geng Yang had been quiet recently, and he didn't know what this Cai Zhengmao had to do with him.

So, Li Mu asked him, "Have you heard of a person named Geng Yang?

How is his relationship with Cai Zhengmao? "

Fatty Wang suddenly thought of this matter and laughed. "If you didn't mention Geng Yang, I would have forgotten about him. That kid has been played by you badly!"

As he said that, Fatty Wang swallowed his saliva and continued, "After that kid came to Yanjing, he bought a Ferrari and spent money to treat people all day long. It wasn't easy for him to step into the circle. As a result, after the premiere of your 'Old Boys', he was scolded by his family and ran back to Yanjing from his hometown. But not long after, I heard that his family had cut off all his financial support. He didn't have any money on hand. Tang Quan, who used to hang out with him, ignored him. Even Tang Quan was too lazy to care about him. Cai Zhengmao didn't care about him at all. In the end, Geng Yang probably couldn't take it anymore and went back to his hometown in Jizhou."

Li Mu nodded gently. "That's good. Otherwise, if he was close to Geng Yang, I'm afraid he wouldn't be willing to sell the car to me."

Fatty Wang said with a smile, "You're really famous in Yanjing's circle now. The sales of God Ji's White Liquor have dropped by a lot. I heard that it's all because of you. Our local Erguotou and several liquor brands in the northeast saw that God Ji's White Liquor was going downhill, so they all chased after it. God Ji's White Liquor is now in a very difficult situation."

Li Mu knew that 'Old Boys' would definitely have a certain impact on God Ji's Baigan, but he didn't know how big the impact was. However, this was also the price of the other party's arrogance.

Fatty Wang asked again, "When do you want to order the car?

I can ask him to meet you. "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "There's no need to meet him. Since you are familiar with him, please help me ask him about the price. I want a silver G55. Let him give me a quote. Also, ask him how long it will take."

Fatty Wang immediately nodded and said, "I'll make a call and ask."

After that, Fatty Wang left the private room and came back in about five minutes later. He said to Li Mu, "I just asked him. He said he has a silver G55 custom-made from the Middle East. He is looking for a buyer. The price is 3.5 million. If you are interested, you can pay a deposit of 500,000 and it will be shipped next week."

Li Mu calculated in his heart. The G55 would be sold for more than 2 million including tax. A custom-made bulletproof G55 sounded so high-end and the price would at least double. However, the price of 3.5 million was a little too cheap.

Before Li Mu could ask the question in his heart, Fatty Wang explained, "Cai Zhengmao said that this was custom-made by a rich man in the Middle East. He didn't like it, so he went to custom-make a military version of the Hummer H1. This car was sold cheaply. It was said that it had never been driven before. How did it get transported from Germany to the Middle East? It's still resting in the Middle East.

If it were to be sold at the normal price, it would cost about 500. Li Mu nodded. At that moment, he was tempted. At the same time, he felt that 3.5 million was a little too much to buy a car. However, when he thought of the encounter on the road today, he made up his mind. No matter what, he had to have a car that was safe and had a certain status symbol. Otherwise, if something happened one day, 3 million would not be enough to make up for it.

Therefore, Li Mu made up his mind and said to Fatty Wang, "Please tell him that I want the car. Give me his account number and I will transfer 500,000 to his account tomorrow."

"Okay." Fatty Wang nodded. "I will contact him right now."

Fatty Wang conveyed Li Mu's intention to buy the car to Cai Zhengmao. Cai Zhengmao gave a rough time. The ship would be shipped next week and the voyage would take 20 days to reach Jinshi. Cai Zhengmao had special channels. Once the car landed, the procedures would be completed within three days. Cai Zhengmao would then arrange a car to transport the car to Yanjing. Li Mu would then pay the remaining 3 million to Cai Zhengmao.

…

Li Mu only realized that he hadn't contacted Chen Wan for the past two days after he had settled the cooperation related to real estate development with Song Liang and Chen Ze. The last time Chen Wan came back, she asked Zhao Kang to drive his car to the airport to pick her up. Since then, Li Mu didn't have time to look for her.

On the day Song Liang left Yanjing, Li Mu asked Chen Wan out for dinner. Only then did he know that she hadn't been able to complete the resignation procedures for the time being.

At the dinner table, Chen Wan pretended to be relaxed and said, "At present, it seems that I have to wait for more than 20 days. After a month, if I still haven't completed the resignation procedures for me, I will apply for arbitration. Anyway, it's only about 20 days. Xiangnan Satellite TV said that there's no problem and I can wait. I can also take this opportunity to rest for a while."

Li Mu said angrily, "Yanjing TV's approach is too disgusting. When I was there, I was suppressed by them and didn't even have the chance to appear on screen. Now that I'm going to resign, they can't even do the resignation procedures happily. It's simply harming others without benefiting themselves. They're specifically disgusting people."

Chen Wan smiled slightly and comforted Li Mu: "Don't be angry, it's okay. If they want to be dirty, let them be dirty. Let's not lower ourselves to their level."

Li Mu said, "I just feel wronged for you. Not to mention that you've been wronged for such a long time, you still have to be set up before you leave. The host of the special interview must have an unspeakable relationship with your station leader."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "I don't know about that. Don't guess blindly. After dinner, accompany me to Wangfujing for a shopping trip. It's getting warmer and warmer. I want to buy a thinner coat."

Li Mu nodded and did not continue to discuss the TV station with Chen Wan. Instead, he began to ponder in his heart.

When Chen Wan first entered Yanjing Satellite TV, she was assigned to the program team of "Special Interview" as an intern host. Ma Weiwei felt that Chen Wan was young, beautiful, and had a good temperament, so she kept preventing Chen Wan from appearing onscreen or going to other program teams. Her intention was obvious, she did not want Chen Wan to appear onscreen on any of Yanjing Satellite TV's programs. If Chen Wan was the only one doing this, she might have been able to suppress it at the beginning, but after Chen Wan became popular through "Old Boys," she would definitely be noticed by the station leaders. Even so, she still did not get the chance to appear onscreen. This meant that Ma Weiwei did not rely on her own ability to suppress Chen Wan.

Li Mu had heard too much about the shady business and gossip in the entertainment industry and broadcasting world, so he instinctively concluded that Ma Weiwei must have a close relationship with a higher-up in Yanjing Satellite TV. Therefore, Li Mu's thoughts were on Ma Weiwei the whole night. Although Chen Wan was happy to have peace and was willing to waste a month in exchange for a peaceful resignation, Li Mu really could not take this lying down. If Chen Wan still had to be tormented by this group of people before she left, then all the grievances she had suffered at Yanjing Satellite TV during this period must have been for nothing.

She might be magnanimous and open-minded, but Li Mu could not. He felt that he had to seek justice for Chen Wan.