Chapter 873

The comments about Li Mu were like a plague that spread in the global media.

Li Mu made the world's attention focus on the Internet market in Hua Xia. As the initiator, he did not expect that he would cause such a strong international reaction.

Late at night, Su Yingxue called Li Mu. The first thing she asked him was, "Are you lying down?"

It was past one o 'clock in the morning. She asked if he was lying down, not if he was asleep, because Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu was definitely not asleep. He might even be sitting in front of the computer.

Sure enough, she guessed right. Li Mu was not in the mood to sleep now. In his previous life, when his name was placed on Baidu, the first 100 pages of "Li Mu" had nothing to do with him.

But now, his name "Li Mu" had repeatedly appeared in the media reports of Hua Xia, Japan, Singapore, and other countries. This English translation of his name was also frequently mentioned in the media of all English-speaking countries. The attention was simply unimaginable.

Before calling Li Mu, Su Yingxue had been looking for relevant reports from overseas media on the Internet. After fully realizing the situation that Li Mu was facing, she did not care that it was past one o 'clock in the morning and called Li Mu.

After receiving her call, Li Mu smiled bitterly. "I haven't lied down yet. I'm sitting in front of the computer."

Su Yingxue asked him, "Is the pressure a lot?"

Li Mu hummed and said, "Yes, it's big, and it's not just big."

Su Yingxue said, "You have long become famous in front of the 1.3 billion people in Hua Xia. Now, at most, there are 1.3 billion more people."

Li Mu sighed softly and said, "I'm not afraid of being famous. Anyway, it's already like this. Even if people all over the world know me, I'm not that big of a deal."

As he said that, Li Mu said, "Actually, my pressure mainly comes from the unknown future."

Su Yingxue asked him, "What do you mean?"

Li Mu said, "I feel that the current Hua Xia Internet is like the Hua Xia before 1840. It has a large population and huge potential, but it's still lagging behind. Before I thought of ways to promote the development of the industry, the great powers didn't really pay attention to this place. But now, because of my actions, the great powers are looking at Hua Xia, a market with unlimited potential. If the great powers start an invasion in advance, I'm afraid that Hua Xia Internet will suffer a huge impact."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "This analogy is not appropriate."

Li Mu asked her, "What's inappropriate?"

Su Yingxue said, "You can't compare Hua Xia's Internet industry to Hua Xia before 1840. Otherwise, where do you think the country is?"

Li Mu was surprised. "I don't understand …"

Su Yingxue said, "You should compare the Hua Xia Internet market to Haizhou No.1 High School's Grade One, and the Internet market of other countries to the various Grade Three classes. You are the child in Grade One's Grade One who likes to cause trouble the most. If you accidentally attract the attention of Grade Three students, you are afraid that they will rush into the class and beat you up, or even beat up the other students in your class."

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh and said, "This analogy is quite appropriate."

Su Yingxue chuckled and said, "Your worry is reasonable, but do you know who you have overlooked?"

"Who?"

"Stupid!

The form teacher! "

Su Yingxue said, "The senior students are indeed more powerful and strong, but if they really rush into the class and beat up you and your classmates, will your form teacher not care?"

Su Yingxue's words instantly cleared the fog in Li Mu's heart!

Yes, there was also the form teacher.

Who was the form teacher?

Wasn't it just the country?

No matter how open a market was, there must be a regulator. The United States seemed to be open, but in order to protect local enterprises and markets, there were many sanctions against enterprises from other countries, and there were also various slanted policies to protect local enterprises. This situation would also happen in Hua Xia. Now, the country's attitude was very clear, which was to vigorously promote the development of the Internet industry. Under such circumstances, if overseas enterprises and capital rushed in on a large scale and tried to disrupt the situation, even if they didn't have the ability to deal with it, the country would definitely intervene.

At this time, Su Yingxue said again, "There is no turning back, so don't think too much. Actually, you are afraid of attracting people from the outside, but I think this is a good opportunity for you to lure the tiger away from the mountain."

"Huh?"

"Hasn't your Makino Technology been preparing to go global?

In other words, you are the one who wants to rush out. If the opponent's attention is attracted to the country, won't it be easier for you to develop overseas? "

Li Mu was shocked!

He didn't expect Su Yingxue to see things so clearly!

Too clearly, even more so than himself.

If Silicon Valley and Wall Street really focused their attention on Hua Xia, from an absolute point of view, once their attention was diverted, they would inevitably do subtraction. In other words, when they were watching Hua Xia, they would inevitably reduce their guard around them. If they took this opportunity to quickly promote YY to go global, it would definitely be easier!

Oh my god!

Li Mu was already beginning to marvel in his heart. He knew that Su Yingxue was a strong woman in his previous life, and she grew up step by step in Wall Street to become the core management of a multinational company. However, he didn't expect her to have such a deep insight and analysis of the business situation at this age. It really made Li Mu feel that he was inferior.

Li Mu could see through the aspects of Internet products and operations, but it was basically not as good outside of the Internet industry. In this aspect, even if he was reborn, he didn't seem to be as sensitive as Su Yingxue.

No wonder she wanted to study abroad in her previous life. With this kind of intuition, she could definitely become a top talent in the business field after a few years in the American capital market. If she went to Harvard Business School in the future, in two or three years, it should not be a problem for her to return to China and become the CEO of Makino Technology …

Because of Su Yingxue's advice, Li Mu suddenly became excited and said excitedly, "After being reminded by you, I can't wait to officially launch YY's global strategy. Thank you for reminding me!"

Su Yingxue breathed a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "I'm most happy that you can think it through. It's getting late, you must have a lot of things to do tomorrow. Since you've thought it through, quickly go wash up and rest early."

Li Mu asked, "Have you thought about when to return to Beijing?"

Su Yingxue said, "The plan is to go back on the 8th."

"Plane or train?

I'll pick you up then. "

Su Yingxue said, "We're going back by plane, but Xinran and I bought tickets to Beijing around the same time. My aunt and uncle will pick me up then."

Li Mu thought of her cousin, Wang Xinran, who should have been filming in Egret Island recently. After all, she was the second female lead in "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years" and had a lot of scenes.

So, Li Mu asked her, "When will Xinran's scenes be completed?"

"On the 7th."

Su Yingxue said, "She said that she'll be done on the evening of the 7th. She'll have a meal with the crew and go back on the 8th."

"What time will she arrive?"

"I'll be at 5: 30 pm, and she'll be at 5: 40 pm. It'll be hard to say if there's a delay."

Li Mu said, "In that case, I'll book a private room in a restaurant to welcome you and Xinran. Your aunt and uncle will go to the airport to pick you up and then go directly to the restaurant."

"That's good," Su Yingxue said with a smile. She hesitated for a moment and asked him, "It won't delay you from your work, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course not. In my heart, you'll always be the first priority."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Classmate Li Mu's mouth is getting sweeter and sweeter."

Li Mu said, "Whether it's really sweet or not, we'll have to wait until you taste it."

Su Yingxue said, "Okay, it's only a few days, but you have to rest well. I don't want you to kiss me with a pair of panda eyes …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I know, don't worry!"

After saying goodnight to each other, Li Mu hung up the phone. His mood was much calmer. Su Yingxue was right. There was no turning back. At this time, he could not back down. After all, everything he did, in his opinion, was necessary.

If he gave up on promoting the rapid development of this industry just because he was afraid of the huge impact that the overseas industry would have on the domestic market, then the eventual direction of the Hua Xia Internet industry would be the same as in his previous life.

What was the model of the Hua Xia Internet in his previous life?

To sum it up in one sentence: the products imported from overseas could survive, but the products exported from China could not survive!

Li Mu did not want to see such a situation a second time. Right now, the Hua Xia Internet market had opened its window to the world's Internet companies and related capital. It had also attracted their attention. This was the best time for him to start his overseas expansion!

It seemed that the globalization of YY would have to be brought forward. No matter what, he had to push the English version of "Happy Farm" out first!

With this thought in mind, Li Mu could finally sleep soundly.

That night, Li Mu dreamed that he was invincible in the Internet field of the future world. The feeling of being invincible made his blood boil.

…

The next morning, Kong Lingyu sent Li Mu a piece of good news!

After a night of fermenting public opinion in North America, the most direct result was the surge in the overseas downloads of YY!

From last night until now, in about fifteen hours, the overseas downloads of YY had reached 320,000. The number of registrations had reached 560,000, and it was still increasing!

According to the backend records, among the 320,000 downloads, nearly 210,000 were from the United States. This accounted for about 65% of the total number of downloads. The proportion of registered users was basically the same.

In other words, more than 210,000 Americans had downloaded and installed YY the day before because they saw the news about Li Mu and YY. On average, they had registered 1.75 accounts.

Li Mu was almost certain that more than 80% of the 210,000 American users were elites.

Among the American media, the Silicon Valley media was the one that praised YY. According to Li Mu's deduction, the people who would pay attention to the Silicon Valley media would first be Silicon Valley employees, followed by Internet enthusiasts. The former would definitely be elites, and the latter would definitely be of a higher quality than the entertainment gossip crowd.

Silicon Valley alone had nearly a million Internet workers. Although these people were engaged in different fields, from hardware to software to technical development, one thing was certain, and that was that they maintained an extremely high sensitivity to the development of the industry. Therefore, the majority of these 210,000 users were probably from America's Silicon Valley.