Chapter 1682

Felix was a typical white supremacist. In fact, such people were not uncommon in the upper class of the West, but most of them hid it very well.

The so-called concealment referred to not saying or showing racial discrimination directly, but the actions of such people always carried the shadow of racial discrimination.

For example, Felix had a great prejudice against Asian employees, African employees, Latino employees, and other colored people under him. Usually, when assigning work, he would assign more work to these people.

In the minds of such people, there was a deep-rooted illusion that white people were always the best at everything. So when he realized that Li Mu's strength was not just a bubble, and that Li Mu's strength was far more than what he could see, he felt a strong sense of defeat in the depths of his heart.

If the richest man in the world had always been Bill Gates, Felix would not have felt anything wrong. But once the richest man in the world might become Li Mu, his heart felt worse than if his mother had died.

But even though he felt bad, he still had to complete the work given by the higher-ups. So he could only summon the editorial department and give instructions to the higher-ups one by one.

So, when Li Mu was three years old, he spent five dollars to take a birthday photo with his parents at a photo studio, and it became the cover of the next issue of Time Magazine in the United States.

Felix looked at the sample and felt bad.

He felt that Li Mu using such a casual photo as the cover of Time Magazine was an insult to Time Magazine, and an insult to himself.

But he was powerless to resist.

He took the initiative to write the article himself. Originally, he wanted to write something sarcastic and sarcastic about Li Mu in the specific report, but when he thought of Li Mu's way of seeking revenge for the smallest grievance, he immediately backed down.

Even the chairman of the board of directors of Mars couldn't afford to offend Li Mu. If he was really targeted by Li Mu, wouldn't he be peeled off a layer of his skin?

So he could only settle for the next best thing. In the article, he detailed the history of Li Mu's family while making some sarcastic remarks.

In the article, Felix praised Li Mu and the miraculous development speed of Makino Technology on the surface, but he secretly wanted to remind the readers that the success of Makino Technology was not because of how powerful Makino Technology was, nor because of how powerful Li Mu was, but because of the negligence of American companies.

Microsoft's negligence, Google's negligence, Amazon's negligence, and eBay's negligence led to the rapid development of Li Mu's Makino Technology. If these American companies had not underestimated their enemies, Makino Technology would not have had the opportunity to rise globally. It might even have been suppressed by these American companies to the point that it would not have been able to survive in the US.

Felix didn't expect that after he had painstakingly buried some sour content in the manuscript, and just as he was about to arrange for it to be directly typeset, the higher-ups of Time Warner unexpectedly requested to review the manuscript.

In the past, as the editor-in-chief of Time Magazine, Felix had absolute power to decide the content of the entire magazine, and the company's senior management would not first review his content.

After all, a senior editor-in-chief like him had strong credibility. Generally speaking, the company's senior management would only communicate with him after he made a mistake and would never interfere in advance.

But this time, the company's senior management attached great importance to this report because Time Warner had long seen Li Mu's huge resources in the media and entertainment field. They wanted to take advantage of Time Magazine's report on Li Mu to leave a good impression on Li Mu and prepare for future cooperation.

After the senior management read the article written by Felix himself, they immediately saw through his intentions. In a rage, they immediately announced a personnel decision to terminate the contract between Time Magazine and Felix. Deputy Editor Anglo would temporarily take over as editor-in-chief and be responsible for writing a new article.

Felix didn't expect that his little action would cause such a sensitive and extreme reaction from the company. He originally wanted to protest and at the same time fight for more severance compensation, but Time Warner's higher-ups only replied with one sentence, and he completely gave up.

Time Warner's senior management told him to pack up and leave. Otherwise, they would send the article he wrote to Makino Technology and inform all his peers about it.

Felix wanted to use Time Magazine to pass on his own ideological leanings and smuggle in his personal views. This in itself was not a big problem. After all, content workers were more subjective, and every editor-in-chief would smuggle in their personal views in the publications they were responsible for.

However, Felix wanted to smuggle in white supremacist ideas in his report on Li Mu. This was simply risking Time Magazine and even Time Warner.

The risk of ridiculing and ridiculing Li Mu was much greater than ridiculing and ridiculing the president of the United States. Due to his status, it was basically impossible for the president to retaliate against a company, but Li Mu was not subject to this restriction. Moreover, he had such powerful online resources. Once he was angered, the consequences would not be much better than Mars.

If this report ultimately angered Li Mu, it was very likely to cause huge losses and threats to Time Warner. If other companies in the industry learned of Felix's actions, no company would dare to use him.

Only then did Felix realize the seriousness of the problem, but it was too late. Faced with the disguised threat of the senior management, he could only dejectedly accept the other party's conditions and terminate the contract with Time Warner.

…

When the latest issue of Time Magazine was published, Li Mu was preparing to leave for the United States.

Before he left, he heard that many A-list North American stars had been invited to Schwarzenegger's celebration party, including not only celebrities in the film and television industry, but also many super idols in the pop music industry, including top stars such as Madonna, Celine Dion, and Michael Jackson. Therefore, he selfishly wanted to bring Du Wei with him, so that she would have a chance to get in touch with these big names in the North American music industry.

Coincidentally, Du Wei's favorite singer was Celine Dion. Not only did she like her songs, but she had also been learning to imitate her voice, singing style, and many other subtle techniques.

Due to the maturity and systematization of Western music, on the whole, Western music, especially contemporary pop music, was much more advanced than other countries and regions. At this stage, basically the whole world was walking the path of imitating Western music.

It was said that Wang Fei also borrowed a lot from the singing style of Dorothy, the lead singer of the Cranberries, to gradually form her own distinctive voice and singing style.

When Du Wei heard that Li Mu wanted to take her to meet Celine Dion, Madonna, and Michael Jackson, she was so excited that she couldn't speak. She immediately communicated with her family, and after getting their consent and support, she asked for a few days' leave from her school teacher. Then, she packed her luggage and went to the airport with Li Mu, ready to take the plane to the United States.

On the way to the airport, Du Wei was very excited. She kept telling Li Mu that when she saw Celine Dion, she must take a photo with her and ask her for an autograph.

Li Mu said with a smile, "Xiaowei, you have to remember that you are not going to the United States to chase after stars."

"Ah?" Du Wei asked in confusion, "Why?

I'm going to chase after stars … "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "You are going to make friends, understand?"

"Make friends?"

Du Wei was simple, and with the support of an excellent family background, she had actually been doing one thing for 20 years — "doing what she wanted to do." Her parents, sister, and relatives had always protected her very well, so she was almost unsophisticated. She didn't understand what Li Mu meant by making friends.

Li Mu said seriously, "At the celebration party of Schwarzenegger's inauguration, you don't need to be anyone's fan. Don't put yourself on a completely different level from those stars, but put yourself on the same level as them. No matter how high they are, just remember that you are not inferior to any of them."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and said, "Then how can I tell Celine Dion that I admire her very much?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Hide your admiration in your heart. After you meet her, you can say that you like her music very much and want to make friends with her."

Du Wei gently pursed her lower lip and hesitated for a moment before saying, "She is a world-renowned diva. How can she make friends with me?"

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "Don't worry. At that time, these world-renowned diva stars will take the initiative to make friends with you."

Although Li Mu had never been in the entertainment circle, he was very familiar with the nature of the circle. It was not a superb artistic level that could really become the center of the entertainment circle, but strong resources and strength.

Boss Ma was a businessman, surrounded by many stars in Hua Xia's entertainment circle. What really mattered was resources and strength.

In terms of resources and strength, Li Mu was much higher than Boss Ma at his peak, so he was definitely the most attractive person in the world to the entertainment circle.

Li Mu was also very clear that this time he gave face to Schwarzenegger and attended his inauguration and celebration party. He was definitely the one with the highest status at the scene. Naturally, Du Wei, who he brought with him, would also have a high status.

With his endorsement, Du Wei could definitely be on an equal footing with any top star in North America. It was also natural for her to make friends with big names like Celine Dion and Michael Jackson.

Du Wei did not understand what Li Mu said. She just felt that it was an extremely happy thing to have the opportunity to meet the biggest idol in her heart. So much so that she could not help but imagine in her mind what she should say to Celine Dion when she met her.

Thinking up to here, she was even a little nervous, for fear that she would be rude at that time.

Seeing her nervous look, Li Mu smiled helplessly. He took out his mobile phone and sent a text message to Li Ziwei, who was sitting in the front passenger seat. The content of the text message was: "After getting on the plane, send an email to Schwarzenegger and tell him that I will take my sister to his inauguration and celebration party. Tell him that my sister likes Celine Dion very much and wants to get to know her. Ask him to help arrange it."