Chapter 18

Two hundred thousand downloads …

Sun Peng swallowed his saliva helplessly. He looked at the time. It was three in the afternoon. Only fifteen hours had passed, and there were already two hundred thousand downloads …

His legs felt weak. The highest number of concurrent users in the Stone Age was only about two hundred thousand, and the total number of registered users was estimated to be in the millions. In less than a week, this plug-in would probably be universally available …

After all, Ah Bei's plug-in was a paid plug-in. It was impossible for it to cover more than half of the players, but it was possible for something that was free and easy to use to cover 100% of the players!

A young technician saw that everyone was very depressed and comforted them. "They'll still have to charge for it sooner or later. When that time comes, the number of paying users will definitely decrease …"

Sun Peng glanced at him and said, "So what if the number of paying users decreases?

As long as the price doesn't exceed fifteen yuan, they can snatch all our users away! "

"Then we'll reduce the price!

Ten yuan! "

The one who spoke was the person in charge of Ah Bei's team, Jia Bei, also known as Ah Bei.

"What if they also reduce the price?"

Sun Peng said coldly, "Didn't you think about this when you went against us with free plug-ins?"

Jia Bei was speechless.

That's right, the other party directly offered it for free. Why would they be afraid of a price war?

What a joke!

At the same time, on the second floor of the Big Spiderweb Bar in Haizhou City.

Zhao Kang looked as if his soul had been sucked out of him. He slumped in front of the computer and mumbled to Li Mu, "If this plug-in charges for it, how many people do you think will pay for it?"

"I'm afraid tens of thousands at most."

Li Mu analyzed the current situation in the Stone Age. Tens of thousands of people across the country spent money to buy plug-ins. It should be a more reliable figure.

"Oh my god," Zhao Kang was completely dumbfounded. "If there are thirty thousand people, that's five hundred thousand a month!

This … "

Li Mu looked indifferent. "Don't calculate it like that. That's not how it's calculated."

As he spoke, Li Mu roughly explained the situation he had to face in terms of sales. The monthly sales had to start from zero, and it was not possible to reach the monthly consumption of tens of thousands of copies overnight. Moreover, there were all kinds of channel costs and various levels of distribution profits. If he sold 300,000 to 500,000 copies per month, he would be very optimistic if he could earn more than 100,000 copies.

"Even if it's 100,000, it's still amazing!"

Zhao Kang felt dizzy. "My parents don't even make 20,000 a year. It would take them six to seven years to earn 100,000. If they were to do the plug-in business for 10 to 20 years, they would become billionaires."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "This business won't last long. At most, it can prosper for another two or three years."

"Why?" Zhao Kang was puzzled.

"Have you been to a disco?"

Zhao Kang nodded. "I've been there a few times. It was fun."

"Have you heard of pills that shake your head?"

Zhao Kang also nodded repeatedly. "I have."

Li Mu smiled and said, "A game company is equivalent to a disco. They invest in the venue, equipment, and manpower not only to earn ticket money, but also to sell drinks, fruit platters, and other goods. That's what they earn, right?"

"That's right."

Li Mu continued, "What's a pill that shake your head?

It's a type of drug that can make the customers in the disco even more excited. So, our cheat is like the Ecstasy Pill that is sold by the disco. It makes the customers in the disco even more excited, but for the disco itself, there's no benefit. Because the disco doesn't get any money from selling the pill. Moreover, not all customers will take the Ecstasy Pill. Once someone takes it and gets too high, it will inevitably affect the customers who don't take the Ecstasy Pill. In the long run, the customers who don't take the Ecstasy Pill will not be willing to come here to play, and the disco's business will plummet. Do you think they'll let you go? "

"F * ck."

When Zhao Kang realized the twists and turns, he immediately exclaimed, "We're lucky they didn't kill us!"

"That's right."

Li Mu smiled. "Therefore, a plug-in is equivalent to a pill that shakes your head. The business cannot last long. If it's attached to a disco for too long, the disco will think of ways to stop our pills from entering. At the same time, they will think of ways to attack us. At that time, we can only change to another disco for a while."

Li Mu continued, "It's just that there's a loophole in the current laws, and it doesn't cover this. But in the future, a plug-in will have to face attacks from both the government and the game company. If it's not done well, they might even be convicted. Therefore, this thing is suitable for taking advantage of the situation, but it's not suitable for a long time."

Zhao Kang finally understood and nodded. "Then what do you plan to do?"

Li Mu said, "I can't do it for a long time, but I can still do it for two years. But 'Stone Age' doesn't have a future. The best way to deal with 'Stone Age Overlord' is to find someone to take it over. After we get the money, we can do other games in September or October."

…

After Sun Peng calmed down, he carefully thought about his current situation. Indeed, he wanted to get in touch with the developer of the Stoneware Overlord and ask what the other party wanted. If they could cooperate, that would be the best. If the other party rushed into this domain with the intention to kill without mercy, then Sun Peng would really be helpless.

Therefore, Sun Peng used his QQ to add Li Mu's contact information on 'Stone Age Overlord'.

At the bottom right corner of Li Mu's computer, an icon popped up with a loudspeaker message.

Li Mu hurriedly opened it. He took a look and snapped his fingers. "It's here!"

The friend request was from a person with the username 'Da Peng'. The verification message said, "Ah Bei, the person in charge of the plug-in."

Li Mu was waiting for him. Even the online name of this sockpuppet was created for him.

"Fight to the Death."

"What kind of person's username is' Fight to the Death '? Damn it …" Sun Peng cursed in front of the computer. These four words made him feel an extraordinary sense of oppression. Could it be that the other party was using such a username to fight to the death in the field of cheats?

"Looks like he's not easy to deal with!" A few programmers behind him exclaimed.

As they spoke, Sun Peng received a reply.

"Fight to the Death refused to add you as a friend."

Zhao Kang asked curiously, "Aren't we waiting for him?

Why did you reject him when he came looking for you? "

Li Mu smiled, a hint of slyness on his face. "It hasn't even been 24 hours. If I add him as a friend now and talk to him about selling the game, wouldn't it be too embarrassing?"

Zhao Kang's eyes widened. "You mean, you want to continue hanging on for a few more days?"

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Anyway, the trial version of the Stoneware Overlord has a 15-day trial period. It's still early. Let Ah Bei's people continue to suffer. The more they suffer, the better it will be for us."

"We'll do whatever you say."

Zhao Kang didn't just admire Li Mu, so he made up his mind to follow his orders.

It was six o 'clock in the evening. Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, "Let's go home. There's nothing important in the next few days. You can take the time to continue promoting."

"What about the computers?" Zhao Kang asked, "Do we still have to continue to rent these two computers?"

"I haven't thought about it yet."

Li Mu sighed. It was really inconvenient to do anything these days. Real portable hard drives hadn't appeared yet, and USB hadn't appeared yet. Floppy disk storage was extremely low. Internet cafes didn't have floppy drives. Even optical drives weren't standard for every machine. They often only had one or two optical drives to install the system on the machines.

Without portable hard drives, ordinary computer hard drives didn't have power supply and circuit solutions. They couldn't really be used for portable storage. There was a burner, but the price wouldn't be cheap. He couldn't buy a burner for less than 6MB of software and a bunch of source code, right?

What the f * ck!

Li Mu decided to think of another way. If it didn't work out, he would borrow some money from his family and rent these two computers for a long time.

Walking to the counter downstairs, Li Mu said to Er Bin, "Brother Er Bin, is my three-day rental up?

How much did I exceed today? Calculate the money. "

Er Bin waved his hand. "Go home. Anyway, it's not like business is full every day."

Li Mu smiled. "Brother Er Bin, you're a good friend."

Then, Li Mu said, "How about this, I'll rent for another day tomorrow. I'll pay you tomorrow."

"Okay, then we'll calculate it when you come tomorrow. I won't let anyone go to your room tonight. Don't worry."

Li Mu nodded. It seemed that he had to find a way to solve the data storage problem tomorrow. Otherwise, it would be too wasteful and unsafe to always use the computer to store things.

Suddenly thinking about Ah Bei's plug-in, Li Mu asked Er Bin, "Oh yeah, Brother Er Bin, do you also sell plug-ins here?"

"Yes." Er Bin said, "Ah Bei's plug-in. I picked it up from the provincial representative."

"Provincial representative?"

Li Mu frowned. "So troublesome. Layer by layer."

"Who knows?" Er Bin smiled. "Anyway, it's the people from the provincial capital. They are responsible for the Internet cafes in each city. I'm also the one who came to talk to me."

Then, Er Bin said, "But this Ah Bei's plug-in seems to be falling. Last night, a Stoneware Overlord appeared and killed it instantly."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Then you have a loss, right?"

"It doesn't matter." Er Bin smiled. "It's less than a hundred copies a month. It's nothing."

Li Mu leaned on the counter and hesitated for a moment. He asked tentatively, "Oh yeah, Brother Er Bin, do you have a burner machine here?"

"I don't have one. That thing is more than a thousand yuan. It's useless to buy it. Why? Do you need it?"

"En." Li Mu nodded. "I want to engrave something."

"I'll lend you one tomorrow."

Er Bin said straightforwardly, "I saw one at my support company. They have an HP one."

Li Mu's eyes lit up. He knew that Internet cafes in this era were not proficient in hardware and software. Every city had a so-called support company. In fact, it was a small company that specialized in providing computer installation, software installation, and maintenance services for Internet cafes. A burner machine should be a very necessary thing for them.

"Then I'll leave this matter to you, Brother Er Bin."