Chapter 1222

Li Mu did not expect that he would be recognized by an American policeman. When the policeman called out his name in surprise, Li Mu could only roll down the window and say hello to the policeman out of politeness.

When the policeman saw Li Mu's face and confirmed that it was him, he said excitedly, "I can't believe it's really you, Mr. Li!

My son has always regarded you as his idol, and I have always taught him to regard you as a role model and to be an outstanding talent who contributes to society like you in the future. I didn't expect to have the opportunity to meet you face to face. If I tell him that I met you when I go home, he won't believe it … "

Li Mu asked with a smile, "How old is your son?"

"Ten years old!"

The policeman said, "He is now learning computer science in his spare time. His dream is to become an outstanding Internet worker like you."

Li Mu nodded humbly and said, "Please tell him that if he can persist, the door of Makino Technology will be open for him. I hope that one day in the future, he can become a member of Makino Technology."

"Great!"

The policeman was so excited that he clenched his fists and cheered like a child. Then he asked tentatively, "I have a law enforcement camera in my car. Can I take a picture with you?

Don't worry, after the photo is developed, I will only show it to the child and not show it to others. "

“OK。”

Li Mu nodded readily, and then said, "Sorry, our car just had a little problem, so we had to stop temporarily. Do you think we can …"

The policeman immediately waved his hand and said readily, "It's nothing, as long as the driver is more careful when driving."

After that, the policeman looked at Wei Jun and said with a serious face, "Hey, buddy, you have to know that the person sitting in your car is the most outstanding young man in the world. For his safety, you must practice your driving skills. Do you understand?"

Wei Jun hurriedly nodded and said, "Don't worry, officer. There won't be a next time."

The policeman nodded and handed the ID back to Wei Jun through the window. He smiled and said, "But you have to stop for a while. I will take the camera and escort you all the way to the city."

Before Wei Jun had time to speak, the policeman had already run back to his police car. Then he took a digital camera from the police car and ran back quickly.

Li Mu got out of the car as promised and asked Wei Lan to help him take a photo with the policeman. After the photo was taken, the policeman immediately said to Li Mu, "Thank you, Mr. Li. You can leave now."

Li Mu nodded slightly and then got in the car with Wei Lan. Wei Jun also breathed a sigh of relief and started the car to drive away.

When they were on the road again, Wei Jun sighed and said, "Sometimes the police in the United States are really helpless. They have a lot of power to enforce the law, and many things can be big or small. In the United States, if you meet someone who is serious, anything can happen. Accidentally speeding or accidentally running a red light. If you meet a policeman who is easy to talk to, you may be detained for a day, fined a few hundred dollars, and then have to pay a few hundred dollars of bail. After a period of time, the court will sentence you to 72 hours of community service. These are all very common."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Can traffic violations have such serious consequences?"

"Yes!"

Wei Jun nodded and asked with a smile, "Guess what will happen if you illegally park your car in the United States?"

Wei Lan asked, "He won't be sued too, right?"

Wei Jun nodded and smiled. "If it's serious, you will be sued, and you will really have to go to court for a trial. But most of the time, you will be sentenced to a fine and a period of community service."

As he spoke, Wei Jun sighed, "Truth be told, Americans really love going to court. Over here, anyone who doesn't go to court a few times a year would be embarrassed to say that they live in the United States. They go to court for big matters, small matters, and even small matters. Otherwise, the most profitable industry in this country would be lawyers."

Wei Lan smiled. "In the past, I thought that our family would live in the United States in the future. But from what you said, you seem to dislike this place …"

Wei Jun sighed and said, "Everyone thinks that the United States is good, but the more I get used to it, the more I feel uncomfortable. In fact, the United States isn't as good as it looks from the outside. Most of the Hua Xia people living here aren't that happy, especially when it comes to racial discrimination. Although everyone is resisting and opposing it on the surface, this kind of thinking still exists in American society. People of color in the United States will more or less be treated differently in life. This might not be because of the law or the government, but because of the grassroots of society."

"Let's take the police as an example. Some police officers have serious racial discrimination. Some time ago, a young black man refused to be inspected by the police and was shot dead by the police on duty. The officer who shot him said in court that he felt his life was in danger, so he opened fire. But the young man didn't have any weapons on him. But the court still accepted his explanation and released him on the spot. I heard that after he was released, he went back to work at the police station. Although many black people protested, it didn't have any substantial effect."

Wei Lan exclaimed, "That's too much?!"

Wei Jun smiled helplessly and said, "It's quite too much, but there's nothing we can do about it."

Li Mu was quite emotional when he heard this. He had been reborn in 2016. At that time, the global information exchange was already very convenient and smooth, so he knew many cases of racial discrimination that happened in the United States. Just the number of cases of police officers shooting and killing people of color had happened countless times. It was not easy for the Chinese to get the respect and approval of the whole society here.

At this time, Wei Jun said, "Take the incident just now for example. If it had been a police officer who had a problem with yellow people, and there wasn't a celebrity like Mr. Lee in the car, the other party probably wouldn't have let us leave so easily. At the very least, they would have given me a ticket without hesitation. At the very least, they might have arrested me and detained me for 24 hours before charging me."

"Charging?" Wei Lan said in confusion, "Is there a need to charge such a small matter?"

Wei Jun nodded and said, "There are two sets of very different standards for social security in the United States. One is to handle things as small as possible, and the other is to develop things as big as possible. This kind of law enforcement is mostly in the hands of white people, so sometimes it will be used by people with colored glasses. Although extreme cases like the one I just mentioned are rare, it is still very common for people to be treated differently."

After a pause, Wei Jun said, "This kind of thing is actually quite common in the United States. Black people and yellow people are more or less treated differently here. Every Chinese living here has more or less received this kind of malice stemming from racial discrimination, including me."

"Sometimes when I buy things at the supermarket, a white guy cuts in line to pay the bill. I remind him, but the other party swears and calls me a damn Hua Xia guy. He keeps saying things like 'get out of my country'. Do you think this is a big deal?

No, but how can we feel comfortable when we hear it?

Sometimes it makes my heart uncomfortable and I really want to fight with those little b * stards. But with my body, I can't even beat my peers in the United States, let alone fight with young Americans. Americans grow up eating beef. To be honest, their physical fitness is much better than ours, and they love to exercise. Under normal circumstances, I really can't beat them … "

Wei Jun seemed to have opened a chatterbox as he said with emotion, "I've talked about this with many Hua Xia people who have immigrated to the United States. The United States is indeed very good. Its economy, technology, and culture are all very developed, but it's not perfect. On the contrary, there are many drawbacks hidden under the halo. In fact, a considerable number of people are not so happy in the United States. Everyone has their own sorrow. They also want to go back, but their relatives and friends in China think that it's a very happy and honorable thing for them to migrate to the United States, so they have cultivated the vanity that they are superior to others after immigrating to the United States. Asking them to go back now is equivalent to asking them to step down from their pedestal. It's embarrassing for them."

As he spoke, Wei Jun suddenly thought of something and said to Li Mu, "By the way, Mr. Li, now many top Hua Xia students in the United States seem to be ready to return to China under your influence. I heard that there are many people who have joined Makino Technology. One of my friends' children immigrated to the United States with his parents when he was a teenager. He is also a naturalized citizen and is studying for a doctorate in Yale. When I met him last time, he said that his son has been hired by Makino Technology and is preparing to go to Yan Jing."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Makino Technology has a plan to bring back overseas talents to promote and speed up the return of overseas talents for development. In the future, more and more efforts will be invested in this aspect."

Wei Jun asked curiously, "Is it also part of your plan for people like my friend's son who has become an American citizen?

It seems that it's very difficult for people who have already changed their nationality to return to Hua Xia, right? "

Li Mu shook his head and said with a smile, "This plan is not supported by the government, so it's not restricted by nationality. Besides, I don't care about nationality. What I care about is race."

As he spoke, Li Mu explained, "To be honest, I'm not a racist person. I've always thought that all races in the world are equal. However, although I'm not racist, it doesn't mean that I don't have racial consciousness. On the contrary, I'm a person with a strong racial consciousness."