Chapter 1156

Li Mu didn't mean to scare Supervisor Zou. One was a Hollywood star, the other was a famous Hollywood director, and there were many executives and shareholders of DreamWorks. If word of this got out, Supervisor Zou wouldn't be able to handle it.

Seeing that Supervisor Zou was really nervous because of his words, Li Mu then changed his tone and said sincerely, "Supervisor Zou, if you want to calm Spielberg and the other Americans down, you have to let me know what Anne Hathaway's illness is and how her condition is. If you let me know, I'll think of a way to calm them down. Otherwise, I really can't do anything."

Supervisor Zou looked very conflicted. He frowned and bit his lip for a long time before saying with a troubled expression, "Mr. Li, to be honest, I can't make the decision on this!

The higher-ups have made it clear that I can't just … "

Li Mu narrowed his eyes and said in a slightly angry tone, "Supervisor Zou, if you really can't make the decision, then hurry up and report it!

This is such an important matter, and you're still playing Tai Chi with me?

You're not the only one wasting my time! "

Supervisor Zou saw that Li Mu was angry, and he became even more nervous. He could only clench his teeth and say, "Then wait for me here, I'll make a call …"

Supervisor Zou took out his phone and walked out of the office. Supervisor Zou called the director of the Third People's Hospital. Recently, the director and a few deputy directors of the Third People's Hospital had been working day and night. Everyone basically had to spend most of their time in the hospital. The director himself didn't get off work until midnight. He had just gotten some rest when he received Supervisor Zou's call in a daze. He instantly sat up from his bed and asked, "Xiao Zou, what happened?!"

From the director's perspective, Supervisor Zou was the most important person in the hospital. Problems could happen anywhere in the hospital except for him, and it couldn't be anything good for him to call him so late at night.

Supervisor Zou hid at the corner of the stairs and said in a low voice, "Director, I have two things to tell you. You have to be mentally prepared, don't be scared."

Hearing that, the director's heart skipped a beat. He hurriedly said, "What happened? Hurry up and tell me, I can handle it!"

Department Director Zou then told him about Anne Hathaway's fever and how Spielberg and Li Mu had gone to the hospital together.

When the dean heard this, he felt like his head was about to explode.

Of all people, it had to be Li Mu, who was the focus of the whole country and even the whole world!

There was also a world-class director, Spielberg. This was simply asking for their lives!

Seeing that the president wasn't speaking for a long time, Supervisor Zou couldn't help asking, "President, what should we do? Please give us an instruction!"

The dean came back to his senses and blurted out, "I'll go over now. Help me keep Li Mu in check. Don't let him run around. If anything happens to him … Bah, bah, bah, just you wait, I'm coming!"

…

Hearing that the hospital director was coming, Li Mu's burning anxiety eased a little. He patiently waited for the hospital director to come over and personally communicate with him. At the hospital director's level, if he still tried to play Tai Chi with him and caused any negative impact, then the hospital would have to take the blame.

The director, who had a Mediterranean hairstyle, rushed to the hospital in less than 20 minutes.

The director, who was in a hurry all the way, didn't even have time to wear a mask. When he saw Li Mu, the first thing he said was, "Oh, Mr. Li, why don't you wear a mask? It's too dangerous, Xiao Zou!

Hurry up and prepare a mask for Mr. Li! "

Department Director Zou immediately nodded and was about to go out. Li Mu hurriedly stopped him and took out his own mask from his pocket. He said, "Don't worry about me. I have a mask."

The director hurriedly said, "Then put it on. Put it on. It won't affect our conversation."

Seeing that the director was nervous, Li Mu put on the mask first and then asked him, "Director, can you tell me the details now?"

The director nodded and said, "On the way here, I called Deputy Mayor Xu, who is in charge of the medical and health affairs of the municipal party committee. He has already allowed me to give you a comprehensive report of the situation. He is also on his way here, but he might be a little late because he was doing some inspection work in the district and county."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Hurry up and tell me what's going on."

Only then did the director say, "Mr. Li, to tell you the truth, we have discovered a very infectious respiratory disease in Guangdong Province. This disease has not been clearly defined yet, but it is very threatening to people, so we have now entered an emergency state of disease prevention and control."

As he spoke, the director further explained, "The initial symptom of this disease is a high fever that won't subside. That Miss Annie from Hollywood also had a high fever, so under such circumstances, we have to isolate her for observation. Only after confirming that she has not contracted this disease can we lift the quarantine. If we confirm that she has contracted this disease, we will immediately isolate her for treatment."

Li Mu knew that the director had already told him the truth, so he asked him, "Is there any confirmed case in your hospital?"

The director hesitated for a moment, then sighed and said, "There are three, and they have also been quarantined."

Saying that, the director added, "But don't worry, Mr. Li. We only isolate patients who have not been diagnosed. Only after they have been diagnosed will they be quarantined together. So if Miss Annie has not contracted the disease, then we will definitely ensure her personal safety!"

At this moment, Li Mu's mood was really mixed.

He was glad that with the conversation with the hospital director, he could start purchasing and stockpiling the corresponding supplies from all over the world tomorrow. In the future, if someone questioned his foresight, he could use the hospital director and chief physician as a scapegoat. Although they might suffer a lot of pressure at that time, in the face of the stability of the entire society, as well as the safety of patients, medical staff, and ordinary people, it was not a big deal to let them take the blame.

As for the worried part, it was naturally Annie Hathaway's condition. Li Mu hoped that she was just having a normal fever, but it would still take a few days for a final conclusion.

Therefore, Li Mu said to the director, "Then I'll leave Annie Hathaway in your hands. If anything happens, you must get in touch with me in time."

The director nodded repeatedly. "Of course, of course!

Please rest assured, Mr. Lee, we will definitely give Miss Annie the best treatment! "

After saying that, the director pleaded, "Mr. Li, I'll have to trouble you to communicate with Spielberg. No matter what, you can't let him leak this news. Otherwise, once it causes social panic, it will be a big problem!"

Social panic was indeed a very serious problem.

Li Mu had heard a lot of unimaginable rumors since he was a child, many of which had caused different degrees of social panic.

When Li Mu was young, he had heard a rumor that a lot of zombies had appeared near Haizhou, and many people had died an unnatural death. These zombies were the work of Americans. At that time, not only children, but adults were also frightened.

When he grew up, Li Mu had personally experienced SARS. At that time, it was really scary. More than a billion people were terrified. Many small cities had not found a single case of SARS, but a large number of people were still frantically buying Isatis indigotica, disinfectant, and some incredible oral Chinese medicine preparations out of fear. Those who bought these supplies could feel a lot of comfort, while those who couldn't would feel extremely anxious and insecure.

Therefore, Li Mu didn't want the public to know the true situation of SARS too early. The best way to solve this kind of thing was for the state to completely solve the problem without the people knowing, and then announce it to the public after it was solved.

At present, although Li Mu didn't know whether the local governments would make any mistakes in dealing with this problem, in his opinion, the best choice at present was to block the news.

Therefore, Li Mu said to the director, "Don't worry, I will find a way to calm them down and stop them from talking nonsense."

"That's great!" The director breathed a sigh of relief. Just as he was about to say something, there was suddenly a knock on the door.

Although it was Director Zou's office, he didn't immediately ask the person who knocked on the door to come in. Instead, he looked at the director with a pleading look. When the director nodded slightly, he said, "Please come in!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the office door was opened from the outside. The gap was getting wider and wider, and a middle-aged man in his forties stepped in. As soon as he saw Li Mu, he hurriedly and enthusiastically stepped forward to shake hands with him, saying, "Hello, Mr. Li!

I'm Xu Xin from the municipal party committee, and my work includes health care. "

Li Mu shook hands with Xu Xin. He didn't even know that Xu Xin was one of the deputy mayors of Shenzhen.

Xu Xin chatted with Li Mu for a while. After talking about the matter, Li Mu asked him, "Mayor Xu, about this new disease, do the higher-ups have a further solution?"

Xu Xin said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, to tell you the truth, now we have reported the matter to the provincial center for disease control and prevention. The follow-up needs to be evaluated by the provincial center for disease control and prevention. After the evaluation, the provincial center for disease control and prevention will decide whether to report it to the ministry. At that time, it will be up to the ministry to decide whether to make it public. Things are one step at a time, and it will inevitably take a certain amount of time to deal with it."

Li Mu nodded slightly. What Xu Xin said was not wrong. A lot of things were reported level by level, and then passed to the ears of the higher-ups. Then, the higher-ups would formulate a solution and pass it down level by level, and the person in charge of each level would be responsible for implementing it.

This process was the basic logic under normal circumstances. It was like a user accessing the Internet. The instructions were first passed to the computer through the software that had network requirements, and then the computer passed the requirements to the hardware responsible for the network, such as the network card. The network card was responsible for passing the requirements to the network operator through the network cable and WiFi, and then the operator passed the requirements to the designated server. After the corresponding feedback data was obtained from the designated server, it would be returned level by level along the path it came from, and finally presented to the user.

Under normal circumstances, there was no problem with this operation, but he was afraid that someone would deliberately block the information in the process of going up, or someone would deliberately suppress the information in the process of going down. This was like losing packets in network access. Once such a problem occurred, it would inevitably have a huge impact on the most fundamental need to connect to the Internet.

However, Li Mu was very clear in his heart that he was just a businessman, not an official, nor an executor in the officialdom. So whether there would be a phenomenon of losing packets in the process of going up and down, Li Mu couldn't guarantee, and he couldn't interfere. All he could think about now was hoarding supplies!