Chapter 1248

Li Mu didn't expect that Li Tong would also know Liu Xinying, who Chen Ze had introduced to him. But after thinking about it carefully, he realized that although Yan Jing was a big city, the circle for the second and third generations was very small. They mingled in all kinds of circles all day long, so there must be a lot of overlap in their social circle, so it was not surprising.

When it came to Liu Xinying, Li Tong spoke with fervor and assurance, "Liu Xinying has been with me for a year, but she is only a few months older than me. She has been very independent since she was a child and often does some unimaginable things. So when we were teenagers, a group of boys especially admired her. Before she graduated from high school, she went to Canada. As a result, she was admitted to Wharton in the United States. However, she quit after two years and insisted on returning to China to work in the fashion industry. In less than two years, she became famous in the domestic fashion industry."

"She's very popular to begin with, and with her extraordinary family background, everyone in the fashion industry has to give her face. You can think of all the magazines, celebrities, and models that she's very familiar with. The first-tier brands overseas will always send her a copy of any of their latest designs. She'll also be invited to attend any major fashion show. She has so many clothes at home that it takes three cloakrooms to barely fit all of them. Many first-tier domestic celebrities go to her to attend important events or shoot magazine covers to borrow clothes from her. The design directors of first-tier brands are also on good terms with her."

Hearing this, Li Mu couldn't help sighing, "That's really amazing."

Li Tong said with a smile, "It's just a piece of cake. The most important thing is that Liu Xinying is also very popular in the upper class of North America. Whether in Canada or the United States, whether in the Chinese circle or the Caucasian circle, it is her home field. To be honest, she is a super socialite in North America, the three regions on both sides of the Taiwan Strait and North America. I don't know how many rich and powerful girls in Yan Jing regard her as their life idol. If she goes back to Yan Jing, those girls in the Yan Jing circle will break the door of her house."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Is it that exaggerated?"

Li Tong said seriously, "It's not exaggerated at all. Even if she is not in Yan Jing most of the time, as long as she goes back, she will be the core of any circle."

Li Mu said, "Lao Chen didn't tell me about this. He just said that this girl used to participate in a lot of large-scale activities in the fashion circle, and then she went out to travel some time ago. She just came back last month."

"That's right."

Li Tong nodded and said with a smile, "This girl is too amazing. She's been to more places than I've heard of. The last time I met her, she just came back from Africa. I asked her which country she went to, and she said she went to six countries. Then I asked her which six countries she went to, but I only heard of two of them. The most important thing is that there's a country with a f * cking name called 'Sao Tome and Principe'. Doesn't it sound like the names of two countries? Sao Tome and Principe?" Li Tong nodded and said with a smile, "This girl is too amazing.

Li Mu nodded blankly. "This is the first time I've heard of it, but it does sound like the names of two different countries."

Li Tong sighed and said, "It was the first time I heard about it, but after I heard it, I asked, 'That's not right. Aren't there seven countries?

Then, with a look of disdain, she told me that Sao Tome and Principe are the names of the same fucking country. Don't you think that's f * cking ridiculous? "

Li Mu was speechless. After a while, he smiled helplessly and asked him, "Then why doesn't she stay in the fashion circle?"

"I don't know."

Li Tong said, "You have to ask her yourself when she comes. I haven't seen her for a long time. I heard a lot of things about her from others. She's the kind of person that 'sister is not in Jianghu, but Jianghu is full of sister'."

After listening to Li Tong's introduction, Li Mu was very curious about Liu Xinying. The word "socialite" referred to those women with identity, status, strength and social skills, but a maverick "socialite" like her was really rare.

Liu Xinying arrived at the French Yue Restaurant on time at nine o 'clock. When he heard from the waiter that Miss Liu was coming to meet a friend who had made an appointment, Li Tong immediately stood up and said to Li Mu, "It should be her. I'll go down to meet her."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I won't go down. I'll wait here."

"Okay."

Li Tong responded and hurried downstairs.

Downstairs, a young woman dressed in casual American clothes was waiting at the door. Li Tong recognized her at a glance. He went forward and greeted her with a smile, "Xinying, you're here."

Liu Xinying looked at Li Tong and said in a somewhat commanding tone, "Call me sister. We haven't seen each other for a long time. How can you be so rude?"

Li Tong laughed and said, "Your temper hasn't changed at all, but it's a little darker. You're not as white as before."

Liu Xinying shrugged and said, "Although it's freezing here, it's summer in Africa. The problem is that the ultraviolet rays in the polar region are too strong."

Li Tong asked in surprise, "What? You went to the polar region?

Antarctica or the North Pole? "

"All of them."

Liu Xinying looked at him and asked, "By the way, has the friend that Chen Ze wanted to introduce me arrived?"

Li Tong nodded and said, "Yes, she's waiting upstairs."

"Who is it?

I asked Chen Ze several times, but he insisted on keeping me in suspense and refused to tell me. "

Li Tong was stunned and then said with a smile, "Since Chen Ze won't tell you, I won't say anything. Anyway, you can see it when you go up."

Liu Xinying shook her head helplessly and said, "You two are really in the same boat. Well, I'll go up and see what Chen Ze is up to."

Li Tong hurriedly said, "Let's go. I'll take you up."

After hearing Li Tong's introduction of Liu Xinying, Li Mu had thought that he would see a fashionable woman dressed in fancy clothes. However, he didn't expect that the girl who followed Li Tong up was dressed in casual clothes. What surprised him most was that the woman didn't wear any makeup. In his impression, a girl in the fashion circle shouldn't look like this.

In addition, Liu Xinying herself was not very beautiful. She could only be considered not bad. Based on her facial features and figure, she was basically above average. If she put on a little makeup, there should be a lot of room for improvement. It was just that she did not put on any makeup at all and was dressed very casually, so she did not look that eye-catching.

Liu Xinying looked tired. She was a little mentally and physically exhausted from running around recently. She almost forced herself to sit down at today's charity auction. In order to show her support for the charity event, she also bid for a few modern art works that she didn't like at all. She didn't like any of the items in the auction, which made her feel even more tired.

If it weren't for Chen Ze's matchmaking, Liu Xinying really wanted to throw a tantrum and go back to rest. However, for Chen Ze's sake, she had to drag her tired body to the Bund to meet the "friend" that Chen Ze had mentioned.

When Li Tong took Liu Xinying to Li Mu, he introduced her, "Xinying, this is the friend that Old Chen introduced you to. He's the chairman of Makino Technology, Li Mu."

Liu Xinying didn't expect that Chen Ze would introduce such a big shot to her.

The moment she saw Li Mu, Liu Xinying, a socialite who had experienced countless big events, was too shocked. She didn't come to her senses until Li Mu stood up to greet her and stretched out his right hand.

Seeing Liu Xinying's stunned look, Li Tong couldn't help laughing. He had known her for a long time, but she rarely behaved like this. He patted Liu Xinying's shoulder with a smile and asked her, "Xinying, what's wrong with you?"

"Ah?"

Liu Xinying came to her senses and realized her impoliteness. She smiled awkwardly and gently shook hands with Li Mu. She said with a smile, "I'm sorry, Mr. Li. I didn't expect that the person I'm going to meet tonight is you. It's really surprising."

Li Tong did not expect that Liu Xinying should address Li Mu as "you". Although it was a language habit of Yan Jing people to address others as "you", people in the circle were very particular about this word. Naturally, they would not say "you" to their friends or ordinary people, nor would they address strangers and people in the service industry as "you" like other Yan Jing people. They would only address those who must be respected or those who deserved their respect as "you".

It had to be known that Li Mu was younger than Liu Xinying by a few years. This surprised Li Tong even more.

Li Mu didn't expect Liu Xinying to be so polite. He hurriedly said, "We're about the same age. You don't have to be so polite with me. If I was as polite as you, then we wouldn't be able to chat today."

Liu Xinying smiled and nodded. She used her fingers to tidy up her bangs and said, "I've heard a lot about Mr. Li. To be honest, I do see you as my idol. To be honest, I've done charity for a few years, but compared to your 3321, it pales in comparison. I personally feel that 3321 is the best charity project I've ever seen."

At this point, Liu Xinying looked at Li Mu with some excitement in her eyes and asked, "Mr. Li, Chen Ze told me that a friend wants to talk to me about a charity project. You're not thinking of inviting me to join 3321, are you?"

If it was in the past, with Liu Xinying's personality, she would rarely be so excited. However, she had always admired 3321. When she found out that the project was going out of the country and taking root in the United States, she was also very excited about it.

What was more coincidental was that after she left the fashion industry for personal reasons, she had thought about whether she should put her main energy into the field of charity. She was also planning in this area. Because of this, when Chen Ze said that a friend wanted to talk to her about a charity project, she agreed without hesitation.