Chapter 89

Some netizens with "insider information" appeared on major forums and websites. They vowed on the Internet that a music demo website would be officially launched at midnight tonight. They had a simple plan to release the official recorded version of two songs, and they would first release the simple plan of "Li Bai" at midnight.

The netizens' response was surprisingly unanimous: they didn't believe it.

Then, the group of "netizens" who had insider information released a bunch of photos that no one had seen before.

One of the photos was of the four members of "Simple Plan" holding a banner together. On it was written: "The official recorded version of" Simple Plan's "single" Li Bai "will be officially released at midnight today. Stay tuned."

In addition, Zhang Kexuan and the other members of the band also held a sign with the same handwriting and took a few cool photos.

In order to prevent people from saying that the photos were doctored, the photographer cleverly blended the sign with the ambient light, so that people would know that it was a real photo at a glance.

At this time, although the website had not been officially launched, visitors could still see a welcome page when they opened it.

There was only a very artistic picture on the welcome page. In the picture was a man with a guitar on his back, standing under the sunset. The surrounding environment looked like a classical Nordic town, giving it a unique atmosphere and flavor.

Directly below the man's back, there were three lines of words.

The first line: "Tonight at midnight, start a new musical journey"

The second line: "There are X hours and XX minutes until the official launch of the website."

The third line: "The official recorded version of" Simple Plan's "single" Li Bai "will be released at the same time."

In this way, the netizens who came because of its fame immediately believed it.

Since Zhao Kang's water army began to move, Li Mu had asked Kong Lingyu to monitor the number of visitors to the website. In just half an hour, the number of unique IP visitors had reached 3,000.

At 9 o 'clock, the number of unique IP visitors had reached 10,000.

At 9: 10, "Simple Plan" finally started on Nansu Satellite TV, and the live video of "Sunflower" was played for the first time on TV.

The version played on TV had much better sound than the version recorded by the live audience, and the charm of "Sunflower" began to show.

At 9: 30, the number of visitors to the website reached its peak, with more than 20,000 unique IP visitors.

Kong Lingyu and the other technicians were speechless. They had never seen a website that could attract so many users' attention before it was launched.

One had to know that countless websites nowadays were built from scratch. Users were also accumulated bit by bit after going online. But now, where did these 20,000 users come from? Could it be that Li Mu did some promotion on the Internet?

Kong Lingyu didn't know that Li Mu had an online water army. It might even be the earliest water army in the world. Those water armies were promoting Easy Listening on the internet. They used the gimmick of a simple plan to attract a large number of users.

Li Mu had always felt that 'Simple Plan' would be Easy Listening's trump card. This was because their popularity was high, and the music for 'Simple Plan' could only be found by Easy Listening. It was true now, and it would also be true in the future.

For Easy Listening, the simple task of the plan was to attract the first batch of users. The rest was to rely on Easy Listening's simple and smooth user experience and eye-catching visual effects to retain these users.

In addition, Easy Listening's Cloud Song List function had been developed. Every registered user's song list would be uploaded to the cloud server. The next time they logged in, it would be automatically loaded.

Although this function was common in the future, most websites did not have this function.

Easy Listening was so much better than other similar websites. There was no reason for it not to crush them.

After Nansu Satellite Channel played all the videos of the semi-finals, Zhao Kang's water army changed their identities and began to move again.

This time, they did not promote the website. Instead, they set off a wave of discussion about 'Simple Plan' everywhere. They praised the song "Sunflower" as inspirational and touching. Many 'fans' who were in the dark of their lives were aroused by the song and their fighting spirit was rekindled. Then, they went online to share their chicken soup for the soul.

Although the second wave of publicity did not deliberately put Easy Listening on display, Easy Listening still benefited a lot from it.

At 11: 55 am, Easy Listening's unique IP addresses had reached 100,000. Li Mu knew that most of these users were from Nansu Province. Once the simple plan was to sing "Old Boys" in the first round of the finals, the number of fans would definitely soar.

The technical staff, including Kong Lingyu, were also stunned. They had never seen a website that could attract such a large number of users before it was launched. From the looks of it, would the server and bandwidth not be able to withstand it?

But Li Mu didn't care. He said calmly, "We counted the visitors in the past four hours from 8 o 'clock to now. It's impossible for all these users to wait until 12 o' clock. There's a big gap between daily visitors and peak concurrent visitors."

At midnight, Easy Listening officially went online.

When the website's homepage was finally displayed in front of the netizens, almost everyone's first impression was that the website was too beautiful.

There had never been a website with such a beautiful and technology-filled page. Li Mu used the aesthetics of the future generations and the application field's attention to color and graphics. Therefore, when the users swarmed in, the first feeling was visual enjoyment.

However, they did not pay much attention to the visual. After all, they were here to listen to the song.

The first default banner on the home page was a poster with a simple plan. It also came with a demo icon of "Li Bai". Users clicked on it and were surprised to find that when listening to the song on the Easy Listening Network, there would not be a jump page or a pop-up page. It would generate a beautiful playback window at the bottom, and it even had its own floating words function. This was really awesome.

The official recorded version of "Li Bai" was finally released on Easy Listening.

The data showed that at 0: 02 am, almost 100,000 people were listening to Li Bai online at the same time.

At 0: 10 am, the number of plays of "Li Bai" had exceeded 200,000 and the number of downloads had just exceeded 5,000.

Personal computers and MP3 hardware were not really popular yet, so it was normal for the number of downloads to be low.

The peak of the traffic lasted until about 1 am, but the peak did not set a higher record. Li Mu was already very satisfied. To be honest, it was quite amazing that Easy Listening could achieve such a result at the beginning.

Before leaving, Li Mu told Kong Lingyu to monitor the traffic data and set the traffic threshold. Once it was close to 80% of the threshold, he would immediately increase the server and bandwidth to ensure that the users' listening and downloading speed would not be affected. He could not save money in this regard.

Li Mu returned to Haizhou the next day. When he took a taxi home from the train station, he was surprised to find that "Li Bai" had begun to appear on the car radio.

These days, radio stations were the same as listening websites. There was no concept of copyright. What songs were played was all based on the personal preferences of the DJ.

The local traffic music station in Haizhou played songs more than 30% of the time every day. At the same time, it also opened a song ordering hotline. Although a large number of songs were played every day, in this era, the audience of the radio station was still very large, and its influence was also very wide.

He vaguely remembered that the music radio stations in Yanjing and Shanghai even published a song popularity chart all year round, and it was quite authoritative.

An idea came to Li Mu's mind, and he called Zhang Kexuan.

"Does anyone know from Jinling Music Radio Station?"

"I don't know, but I can ask around. What's wrong?"

"Find someone to play" Li Bai "during rush hours, and find someone to specifically call the song ordering hotline of the radio station. Try to play it twice a day on the radio station. The radio station can quickly cover the people who don't know about the competition and have never heard of this song."

For the radio station, it was not outrageous to play a song twice a day. In the future, "Mice Loves Rice", "Two Butterflies", and even brainwashing songs like Legend of Phoenix would not be satisfied even if they played it six times a day.

Zhang Kexuan thought about it and understood the importance of this.

All taxis and buses would basically play radio stations, especially music stations. Many students would secretly listen to the radio at night, and popular songs spread very fast on the radio station.

"I'll do it now, and try to play it today!"

Li Mu reminded again, "It's best to ask the DJ to mention the Easy Listening website. By the way, in five days, your" Sunflower "will be released on the Easy Listening website."

"Okay, I'll find someone to do it!"

"I'll think of a way in Haizhou. If you can find connections in other cities, try to use it. The cost will definitely be very low, but the effect will definitely be very good."

-----