Chapter 1115

After a long time, Li Mu finally opened his mouth to ask Wei Lan, who was leaning against his chest and listening to his heartbeat.

"You obviously don't have any experience, so why are you pretending to be very experienced?"

Wei Lan didn't dare look at Li Mu's eyes, and said in a voice that was almost inaudible, "If I don't say that, what if you hesitate?"

Li Mu was momentarily speechless. If he looked at Wei Lan now, every side and every part of her that she presented to him was perfect, but if time went back to that moment, he didn't know what kind of decision he would make.

After thinking about it, Li Mu could only hug her even tighter. His heart was moved, but his mouth started to calculate. He said, "You lied to me again."

Wei Lan moved closer and looked at Li Mu. Her eyes were filled with love as she said, "From now on, I won't lie to you anymore."

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "Are you still leaving tomorrow?"

Wei Lan said with a bit of shyness, "I'll leave whenever you want me to."

Li Mu said, "Then you might as well take a few more days off."

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "No, no, I said I have to go back to work on Monday. I almost forgot. Then I'll leave the night after tomorrow, okay?"

Li Mu complained, "Didn't you just say that I have the final say?"

Wei Lan coaxed Li Mu and said, "But I'm still an employee of Wan Ying Real Estate, and Wan Ying Real Estate is also your business. You don't have time to manage it, so I can't just throw it all away."

Wei Lan was a woman with a very strong working ability, and her attitude towards work was especially dedicated. Ever since she joined Wan Ying Real Estate, she basically did her best to do things to the best of her ability. Moreover, at this moment, she was even more attentive towards Wan Ying Real Estate. In her heart, she only wanted to redouble her efforts and not be a flower vase by Li Mu's side.

For Li Mu, Wei Lan's charm was the most special. Although she was several years older than him, in terms of mental age, she was the age that most conformed to his aesthetic standards. Whether it was doing things or communicating with her, it was more worry-free.

As an IT man in his thirties, Li Mu had entered the workplace from the age of 22 to the age of 34. In these ten years, he had seen many mature and beautiful career women like Wei Lan, but each of them left Li Mu in the dust. If a woman like Wei Lan was in his previous life, Li Mu would have been even more unreachable. Suddenly having such a woman by his side in this life, Li Mu's heart felt extraordinary satisfaction.

The next day, Wei Lan changed her ticket and stayed in Shenzhen to accompany Li Mu for another day.

On Sunday evening, Li Mu sent Wei Lan to the airport and hugged and kissed her in the car. After being intimate for a long time, he disguised himself and sent Wei Lan to the security check.

When Wei Lan left, she made a small request to Li Mu. She didn't ask Li Mu to return to Yan Jing to see her as soon as possible. She just hoped that he could tell her in advance when he went to the United States again. She also wanted to go to the United States to see her parents, but the busy work and the loneliness of sitting alone for more than ten hours made her hesitate.

Li Mu knew that he would go to the United States frequently in the future, so he agreed without hesitation.

…

A few days after Wei Lan left, it was December.

The 3.3 billion US dollars of Sequoia, which had been pressing on the end of 2002, finally arrived.

According to the contract, 3 billion US dollars of funds were directly injected into the account of Makino Technology, and the remaining 300 million US dollars were cashed out by all shareholders in proportion to taxes.

According to the current exchange rate, 300 million US dollars was almost 2.5 billion RMB. And according to the share structure before the capital came in, Li Mu had about 70% of the shares, and calculated according to the individual income tax of 20%, he would get almost 1.4 billion RMB in cash.

Other shareholders also received the additional cash in proportion. Even a small shareholder like Lin Ching-ah, who had only 1% shares before, got 20 million yuan in cash after tax this time, and this was only the cash compensation for diluting one-tenth of their shares. In addition, Lin Ching-ah still had 0.9% shares, which was worth at least 300 million US dollars based on the current market value.

This sum of money was of great significance to every shareholder of Muye Technology, including Li Mu. Not only was it a generous income, but it was also a huge incentive to the entire core level of the company, greatly boosting the morale of the entire company.

As soon as the money arrived, Li Mu immediately asked his team in the United States to immediately start building large data processing centers in various countries. At the same time, he continued to look for high-end talents in the field of server and data processing in the United States. Not only did he have to solve all of Makino Technology's recent and future data processing needs in the shortest time possible, but more importantly, he had to prepare for future business development.

In the past, Li Mu didn't have enough funds on hand. It was already very difficult to meet the current needs, and it was even more impossible to expand. Right now, Li Mu had a few businesses that needed to be built before he could vigorously develop them. Not only was the magically modified Plants vs Zombies, but there was also the online video business.

At this stage, there wasn't a single online video website that catered to the world. The biggest difficulty was the streaming media transmission technology, as well as the cost of bandwidth. Many small video websites could only accommodate a few thousand people watching at the same time. If there were more people, the server would collapse.

When websites stayed in the era of large amounts of text and few pictures, the need for bandwidth resources wasn't very obvious. However, once they entered the era of video, the demand for bandwidth simply increased by leaps and bounds. If they had their own data processing center, not only would this business be better developed, it would also mean that the cost of bandwidth usage would be far lower than their competitors in the same industry. Just like a country's railway and road transportation network, it was extremely significant to the economic development and strategic layout of the entire country.

When Makino Technology decided to build data processing centers in various countries around the world, Lin Ching-ah, who was also in the United States, had just finished the Thanksgiving Day competition for Paradise Town. This global competition with generous prize money attracted a large number of users for Paradise Town. The real promotion effect was far greater than the cost.

At present, all the winners of the competition had been announced, and a grand press conference would be held in the United States in the near future. At that time, they would also use the media resources to continue to promote Paradise Town.

At the same time, the promotion for The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years had reached a climax. YY, YY, Tieba, blogs, and Taobao were all promoting this campus youth movie. Since Li Mu had a very good relationship with the media, the movie also frequently appeared on TV in the form of news.

Through the exceptionally wonderful editing of the trailer, the movie had already garnered a lot of attention from fans in advance. There were a total of three points that caught the attention of the audience:

First, the image of Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan as a couple on the screen was particularly eye-catching. Both of them were very good-looking, and most importantly, their voices were very good. Both of them were professional singers, so people were looking forward to their performance in the movie.

Second, through the edited trailer, it could be seen that this was a youth movie with beautiful pictures, wonderful plot, and a local atmosphere. There were many New Year's movies these days, and there were also many martial arts movies and all kinds of strange emotional movies. However, there was no real youth movie in the true sense, so many young people were particularly looking forward to this movie.

Third, the movie's trailer used some of the theme songs, such as Zhang Kexuan's "Those Years" and Du Wei's "The First Day". When parts of these two songs appeared in the promotional trailer, many people thought that they were particularly good. However, the full version of these two songs could not be found anywhere, which further increased people's anticipation.

It was Li Mu's idea not to release the theme song in advance. This was slightly different from the way other movies operated. Most movies would release the theme song first. For example, this movie had Teacher Liu Huan as the lead singer, so it was necessary to promote the song in advance to motivate the audience. However, Li Mu felt that it was necessary to ensure that there was enough mystery. Therefore, the audience could only see bits of the plot through the trailer and hear a little bit of the theme song. Most of them would have to go to the cinema to watch the movie.

Of course, Li Mu also had a deep understanding of the current situation of piracy. Most movies did not have a box office of more than ten million yuan. It was rare for a movie to have a box office of more than ten million yuan. The speed at which pirated movies were released was also unimaginably fast.

Sometimes, a pirated movie would be released just a few days after a movie was released. Although the quality of the pirated movies was very poor, they were cheap. A pirated movie would only cost a few yuan, but watching a movie would cost at least twenty to thirty yuan.

Moreover, to many audiences, buying a pirated movie for five yuan was like buying a real product. They could watch it once, twice, or countless times. They could also watch it with their friends and family, or even lend it to their friends. However, if they spent thirty yuan to watch it in the cinema, there would be nothing left after watching it.

This time, Li Mu wanted to promote the movie through various fields and channels so that the audience would have enough expectations for "Those Years". However, he knew very well that there was not much room to rely on promotion to directly increase the box office. Therefore, the real trump card was his online ticketing system!

Li Mu wanted to take the opportunity to promote his online ticketing system when "Those Years" was released. If the audience was satisfied, the system would definitely make them look forward to it.

If the online ticketing system could bring better revenue to the cinema and increase their attendance, then the system would definitely improve the current conversion ability to a new level. This was extremely important to the cinema chain. When other cinemas and cinema chain businesses saw the great potential in this area, they would definitely think of all ways to introduce this system into their own cinemas.