Chapter 1507

"Will the US invade Canada?"

If one were to judge purely from the perspective of wartime geography, geopolitics, and politics, it would be easy for the US to annex Canada, and there would be many benefits. However, if one were to judge from the world pattern after World War II, the US would never invade Canada.

The reason why it was impossible for the US to invade Canada was very simple. The main reason was that Canada was on the right track and was wholeheartedly leaning towards the US.

Under the influence of the US's global domination strategy, the only thing Canada wanted was to be a good neighbor to this hegemon. They even handed over their own national security to the US, and they only cared about their own peaceful days. In this way, there was no need for the US to go to war with Canada. A country that was thousands of miles away from the US did not defend itself at all, and cooperated with the US in various fields. There was no need for the US to attack Canada even if it went all over the world.

However, if Canada also wanted to learn from the US and take the global domination strategy, the US would definitely not allow such a competitor to exist under its nose. The first thing it would do would be to eliminate this competitor first.

Because of this, everyone could hear the underlying meaning of Li Mu's words. If Google could focus on its own search engine and not actively compete with Makino Technology in other fields, then there would be no need for Makino Technology to snatch Google's search engine market five years later.

If it was a month ago, Larry Page would have been full of dissatisfaction with Li Mu's remarks. But now, Larry Page was completely indifferent. He had adjusted his mentality and treated Google as Canada. The ancient philosophy of Hua Xia made him realize an eternal truth: It is always cool under a big tree.

The entrepreneur who asked the question nodded gently and politely said to Li Mu, "Thank you for your answer, Li Zong. The metaphor is very vivid, I understand what you mean."

Li Mu did not speak, he just nodded slightly.

Then, the host said, "Next, Baidu's Robin will answer your questions."

The number of people in the audience who raised their hands was obviously not as many as when Larry Page answered the question. On one hand, it had to do with Robin's lack of influence, and on the other hand, it had to do with Baidu's position in this merger.

Out of politeness, Robin chose an overseas media reporter to ask. After the reporter stood up, he asked, "Hello, Mr. Robin, we know that Baidu owns 10% of Muye & Baidu's shares, which means that after Google's acquisition, Baidu will own 3.33% of Google's shares. Currently, the value of these shares is over 400 million USD in the capital market. As far as I know, Baidu did not invest any funds in Muye & Baidu. Just by participating in the acquisition, they can receive hundreds of millions of USD in dividends. So, what do you think of Baidu's huge profits?"

Robin paused for a moment, then smiled and said, "What do you think?

Of course, it's a very successful cooperation with Makino Technology. What else can I say? "

The reporter asked, "Do you think that Baidu's investment and return are not equal throughout the whole process?"

Robin smiled indifferently and said, "If the investment and return are completely equal, then there is no way to do business. How can there be completely equal business in the capital market?

There is only one kind of business that is completely equal, and that is the change business in the bank. You give them a 100 yuan bill, and they give you 10 10 yuan bills. This is equal. "

The reporter asked again, "Don't you think that compared to Baidu's investment, Baidu's profits are a little too high?"

Robin's expression was a little unhappy, but she suppressed her anger and said, "Investment is full of opportunities and risks. Baidu only got 10% of the project's profits in accordance with the cooperation agreement with Makino Technology. This 10% has nothing to do with how much money, manpower, and resources Baidu invested. If you are not satisfied with Baidu's profits from this cooperation, then you can ask Li Zong later and see if he has any opinions on this."

The reporter did not know how to respond to Robin's words. At this time, Li Mu picked up the microphone and said with a smile, "Let me clarify one point first. Makino Technology and myself are very committed. Since I have reached a cooperation agreement with Robin and let Baidu take 10% of Muye & Baidu's profits, I will definitely honor this 10%. Whether this 10% represents 40 million, 400 million, or 4 billion, this is the basic quality that a qualified entrepreneur must have. Therefore, I think that every cent of profits that Baidu earns from this cooperation is what they deserve."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "But I'm very curious. According to the agreement signed by both parties, this is a simple, direct, and transparent cooperation. Why do you think that Baidu's profits are too high?

In your way of thinking, do you have any opinions when you see a partner making money?

If this is how you think, then I'm afraid that no one will be willing to work with you in the future. "

The audience burst into laughter. The reporter blushed and said, "Sorry, my point of view was wrong. I have no other questions, thank you!"

The reporter was from a Silicon Valley media company. They were quite indignant about Makino Technology taking 33.3% of Google's shares. They always had a sense of justice and wanted to express their unique views on this matter. This reporter did not dare to offend Li Mu, so he wanted to subtly ridicule Robin. However, he did not expect that he would shoot himself in the foot.

After that, Robin learned his lesson. For the next question, he chose a local media reporter.

The Chinese media reporter was obviously not as angry as the previous reporter. After he got the microphone, he asked Robin, "Hello, Robin, I would like to ask you something. Baidu and Google are both search engine companies, and you can be said to be the most direct competitors. But now, Baidu directly holds shares of Google, and both parties have a very deep cooperation relationship with Makino Technology. So, how will Baidu and Google deal with each other in the future, as well as business conflicts?"

Robin explained, "Baidu holds shares of Google, which benefits from our cooperation with Makino Technology. But this is only a matter of capital, and the development direction of Baidu and Google will not be affected by this. That is to say, Google and Baidu are actually deep competitors. But I think this is normal, so when the time comes, both parties should follow the normal business development process."

"Thank you!"

For the third question, Robin still chose a reporter, Hua Xia. She stood up and asked, "Hello, Robin, I would like to ask you this question: Will Baidu consider expanding into the overseas market in the future?

If so, which areas will it focus on? "

Robin smiled and said, "We have always been looking forward to the overseas market. When it comes to the focus, it's actually very simple. We will definitely first expand into the overseas Chinese search market. After all, Chinese search is our strength, and the overseas Chinese user base is very large. Strictly speaking, it belongs to the 'overseas local market', and it will be easier for Baidu to expand into it."

"Thank you, Robin, that's all."

The host smiled and said, "Next, it's time for Li Mu and Li Zong to answer questions. I believe many people have a lot of questions for Li Zong. So, next, we will hand over the time to Li Zong and let him choose the questioner."

As soon as the host finished speaking, most of the people in the audience raised their hands.

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then chose a guest with Hua Xia's face to ask a question.

The chosen guest stood up excitedly and stammered, "Hello, Li Zong, I am the person in charge of an online novel startup team. I would like to ask you a question. What do you think of online novels?

Why hasn't Makino Technology made an impact in the field of novel reading? And are you willing to open your future open platform to novel teams? "

Li Mu asked him curiously, "May I know the name of your product first?"

“。”

"Qidian …" Li Mu suddenly laughed and said, "To be honest, I have read novels on your website."

As soon as he finished speaking, the guest who asked the question had a look of disbelief on his face. The media reporters and guests around them were also stunned. Li Mu was already so busy, and he still had time to read online novels?

And this website named Qidian, after Li Mu mentioned it, it would probably become popular, wouldn't it?

At this time, before the questioner could react, Li Mu continued, "I will answer your questions one by one. First of all, what do I think of online novels? I think this is a very good product. Your online paid reading model is also an excellent and very advanced innovation. Although paid reading is still an industry with a low ARPU value, I am still very optimistic about the future of online novels."

The so-called low ARPU value meant that the average income of users in this industry was relatively low. Nowadays, reading was very cheap, only two or three cents per thousand words. Moreover, each book had two or three hundred thousand words of free chapters. Therefore, a user might only need to pay a few cents to read a novel for a day. This kind of user's average income was indeed very low.

In contrast, the ARPU value of online games was much higher. Players would spend at least one yuan per day just by using the card, and this did not include other investments such as game topping up, equipment purchase, and so on. The average ARPU value of a well-made game was at least a few times or even a dozen times higher than that of a novel.

E-commerce had a higher ARPU value. Currently, on Taobao, the average amount of each order had reached more than 30 yuan, which was much higher than that of a novel.

After drinking some water, Li Mu continued, "As for your second question, why hasn't Makino Technology made an effort in the field of novels? The reason is that we don't have the energy to operate such a content industry project for the time being. This is because content work, especially long-length content work, requires a large number of authors and editors. The focus of Makino Technology's content is still around news, information, and short and medium-length content created by users. We don't have enough energy to build a novel industry from scratch.