Chapter 1552

Schwarzenegger quickly regarded Makino Technology as his most important media partner in his campaign and after he was elected.

The unique advantages of Internet media had been vividly reflected in products such as YY, YY Net, and Twitter. Together, these three products constructed a set of three-in-one publicity solutions. The coverage and effective delivery rate of information were very high, especially in a country with a highly developed Internet such as the United States.

With Makino Technology as his company, Schwarzenegger did not need to worry about media resources for the next eight years.

Schwarzenegger, who was extremely excited, took the initiative to extend his hand to Lin Ching-ah and said solemnly, "Miss Lin, I wish us a happy cooperation in the next eight years!"

Lin Ching-ah nodded with a smile and reached out to shake Schwarzenegger's hand gently. Then, she gestured to Lu Xue beside her and said to Schwarzenegger and Thomas, "Our Li Zong hopes that both of us can achieve a seamless information connection. So, if you have no objections, we hope that Lu Xue can become a member of your campaign team. From now until the end of the campaign, she will be by your side as a campaign staff member. In this way, if you have any needs for Makino Technology, you can directly pass it to Lu Xue."

Schwarzenegger nodded without hesitation and reached out to Lu Xue again. He said seriously, "Miss Lu, welcome to my campaign team!"

Lu Xue shook hands with Schwarzenegger and smiled generously. "It's my honor."

Schwarzenegger then said to Thomas, "Thomas, you are responsible for arranging a suitable address for Miss Lu in Sacramento. Do it as soon as possible."

Thomas hurriedly nodded and agreed. However, Lin Ching-ah said, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, you and your team don't need to worry about Lu Xue's accommodation and travel. We, Makino Technology, have already made comprehensive arrangements for her. You just need to inform her of the place of work."

Schwarzenegger sighed in his heart. It seemed that Makino Technology was really sincere and had considered everything. In this way, Lu Xue could immediately participate in his campaign.

After some polite greetings, Lin Ching-ah made some suggestions to Schwarzenegger and Thomas. "Mr. Schwarzenegger, after Lu Xue joins your campaign team, you need to inform Lu Xue of your campaign itinerary in advance. Lu Xue will communicate with the staff of Makino Technology in advance to prepare for your publicity in advance. In theory, no matter what campaign you have in the future, Makino Technology will follow up on our website. Our reports will generally be divided into two types: one is a preview before the event, and the other is a summary after the event.

The preview before the event is where you are going and what kind of event you are going to participate in. We will publish it on the website in advance and do basic exposure. For this kind of basic exposure, we will not mix in any opinions and will only make a simple report on the matter. Therefore, there is no need for your campaign team to provide a press release. We will compile and publish it in the form of a short message.

The summary after the event is more important. Not only do we have to report the event itself, but we also need to integrate your political stance and views. This kind of report will have a more obvious bias, so we need your campaign team to provide a prepared press release. In addition, we will also need some photos and video materials of the event site. This will also require your campaign team to provide us after selecting them. "

Thomas nodded and said, "Of course, there is no problem with these. We will cooperate with Miss Lu and strive to achieve a seamless connection."

Lin Ching-ah said, "In addition, it is best for Mr. Schwarzenegger to maintain a relatively frequent frequency of posting on Twitter. However, the content of the posting must be discussed by the campaign team. Every tweet must be carefully analyzed to see if there is any major point of view loopholes, or if there is any racial or sexist views. Even if there is only a small possibility, it must be completely eliminated. At the same time, we will continue to import traffic to Mr. Schwarzenegger's Twitter to increase his influence on the Internet."

Regardless of whether it was Schwarzenegger or Thomas, both of them were extremely satisfied with Lin Qingya's arrangement. In their eyes, this was the best type of cooperative partner. Because the best cooperative partner did not need you to tell them what to do. Instead, they would be able to think of what was best for the cooperative partner.

It was easy to talk about a partner who could think on his own, but the probability of meeting such a partner in reality was too small.

After the two sides reached an intention of in-depth cooperation, they quickly set up the follow-up cooperation process. Lu Xue would complete the work handover in Silicon Valley today and tomorrow, and prepare to leave for Sacramento. In the morning of the day after tomorrow, Makino Technology's car would send her to the hotel where she was staying in Sacramento. If she was fast, she could go to Schwarzenegger's campaign headquarters in the morning and officially start working.

However, when Lu Xue worked in Schwarzenegger's campaign team, she would avoid appearing in public as much as possible and participate in the whole process as a behind-the-scenes worker.

The communication between the two sides was smooth and pleasant. When they parted, Schwarzenegger said very sincerely, "Miss Lin, please thank Mr. Li Mu for me. Tell him that if he comes to the United States, I will definitely visit him."

Lin Ching-ah readily agreed and said with a smile, "Sir, please rest assured. I will tell our Li Zong."

Then, Schwarzenegger said to Lu Xue, "Miss Lu, I will wait for you in Sacramento."

Lu Xue nodded and said with a smile, "See you in Sacramento, Mr. Schwarzenegger."

“OK。

See you in Sacramento! "

…

Li Mu increasingly felt that accepting the Goldberg family's invitation was not a wise thing to do. The main reason was that he originally wanted to experience the social circle and life of the world's top class, but when he came here, he found that their way of life was not suitable for him at all.

Take the Goldberg family's manor for example. It was indeed very large and imposing. An ancient building complex of the same size and history could probably be rated as a five-star scenic spot in China. However, Li Mu did not feel that living in such a place was a pleasure at all.

In his opinion, living here felt no different from living in the Forbidden City. It was grand enough, luxurious enough, and historical enough, but it still made people feel uncomfortable. He always felt that this kind of environment was not suitable for modern life.

Moreover, the local tycoons who lived in the Goldberg Manor were indeed from a different world from Li Mu. It was even difficult for them to find common topics and hobbies. Although there were always people who invited Li Mu to dinner or parties, Li Mu basically refused all of them.

These Old-Money and Middle Eastern royal families all had one very significant thing in common: they were unwilling to let go of anything that could make money. Even if they did not understand the industry at all, as long as they heard that it could make money, they would still swarm in. Their utilitarian nature was unmatched.

Even if they only met by chance, these people would still surround Li Mu and ask for advice on investing in the Internet. Some Middle Eastern royal families even directly proposed to invest in Makino Technology, but these people were directly rejected by Li Mu.

If these people wanted to invest in Makino Technology, the only window was the stock market. After Makino Technology went public in the future, they could invest in a part of Makino Technology's shares. After all, the issued shares after the listing were freely traded, and Li Mu could not interfere. However, apart from this window, Li Mu would not give these people any other way.

Li Mu originally wanted to leave early like Bill Gates, but he still had the Manchester City Football Club on his mind. He hoped to take over the ownership of the club before setting off to leave England.

To his relief, on the second day after Lin Ching-ah settled the cooperation with Schwarzenegger, Davidson Gao Bai invited Li Mu to his study for tea. As soon as Li Mu arrived in his study, he told Li Mu with a smile, "Mr. Li, I have good news for you. The Goldberg family has taken over the Manchester City Club!"

"Oh?" Li Mu raised his eyebrows and asked with a smile, "How did the contract be signed?"

Davidson said, "All the shareholders transferred all their shares to the Goldberg family, and then all the contracts of the club's management, staff, coaching staff, and team members were transferred to us. We also promised everyone that there would be no reduction in their salaries. We also added a clause to the acquisition contract, that is, the original members of the club cannot change by more than 10%. So, in order to facilitate the transaction, the original shareholders promised to take out a part of the funds to reward these club members so that they could stay in the club. In this way, it is equivalent to the club only changing the boss, but the actual operation will not be affected."

Li Mu immediately nodded and said, "You are really thoughtful. By the way, how much did the acquisition cost?

I will add 10% of the labor fee on the basis of this amount. "

Davidson waved his hand and poured a cup of black tea for Li Mu. He said, "Mr. Lee, the cost of the club is not much. It is only a small amount for both you and me, so you don't have to take it to heart."

As he spoke, Davidson said, "In fact, the main reason why I asked Steve Johnson to invite you to the UK, Mr. Lee, is to be able to carry out in-depth cooperation with you. I know that Makino Technology is about to IPO, and I also know that Makino Technology is likely to set a record for the IPO of an Internet company. We are very eager to complete this record-setting feat with Makino Technology. So, I am willing to give you the Manchester City Club in my personal capacity. My only hope is that you can agree to let HSBC Holdings be the lead underwriter for the IPO of Makino Technology."

The corners of Li Mu's mouth rose slightly. He smiled and said, "Davidson, a club is at least 70 to 80 million pounds, or even more. You paid so much just to get the lead underwriter qualification for the IPO of Makino Technology. Do you think it's worth it?"

"It's very worth it!"

Davidson said with great certainty, "I firmly believe that the market value of Makino Technology at the time of the IPO will be more than 200 billion US dollars. If Twitter's strong performance can be sustained, this market value will continue to rise. If Google and Baidu perform well after the listing on NASDAQ, the market value of Makino Technology as a shareholder will rise further. In short, I am full of confidence in the future of Makino Technology, and I am also full of confidence in the ability and resources of HSBC Holdings."

Speaking up to this point, Davidson continued to explain, "Mr. Li, if the market value of Makino Technology's IPO is more than 200 billion US dollars, then the proposed 10% of the shares for the IPO will be more than 20 billion US dollars. Such a large sum of money, ordinary underwriters can't afford it at all. But look at the people who came to the Goldberg Manor salon this time. These traditional rich, nobles, and royal families are all high-end clients of HSBC Holdings. Let alone 20 billion US dollars, even if it's 30 billion or 40 billion US dollars, these people can afford it!"

Davidson's words made Li Mu's heart skip a beat. These old tycoons indeed had a lot of cash in their hands. The largest had hundreds of millions of US dollars, while the smallest had at least tens of millions of US dollars. The most important thing in the IPO stage was that the underwriter could sell the shares at a set price in advance. If the price was too low, the company would suffer losses. If the price was too high, the underwriter would not be able to sell the shares. Even a company like Makino Technology that was highly favored by the market did not mean that the share price could be set at a sky-high price during the IPO. This was because everything had a balance point. If the balance point was missed, the whole situation would be out of balance to a certain extent. Only by finding that balance point was the best choice for the company.

Li Mu was not familiar with overseas banks. This was mainly because Makino Technology had never taken a loan overseas, let alone financed from overseas banks. The only money it had received was from Sequoia, and Sequoia had a very close relationship with HSBC Holdings. Therefore, in essence, because of Sequoia's capital, which was focused on high-tech venture capital, HSBC Holdings' valuation of Makino Technology should be the highest.

Moreover, Davidson's intention to cooperate was indeed very strong, and his sincerity was sufficient. As long as he could find the balance point with Zhang Heng and push forward the entire IPO according to that balance point, then Zhang Heng would not reject in-depth cooperation with them. The role of the lead underwriter could be handed over to them.

What's more, HSBC Holdings was strong enough. The Goldberg family had also greatly expanded their potential customer base through this salon. This also meant that these people who came to the salon party were likely to become high-end customers of HSBC Holdings in the future. They were likely to buy a large number of shares of Makino Technology from HSBC Holdings during the IPO stage.

The trend of the stock price of Makino Technology after the listing basically depended on the enthusiasm of these high-end customers for Makino Technology shares during the IPO stage. If they snapped up all the issued shares of Makino Technology during the IPO stage, then after the official listing, the stock price of Makino Technology would inevitably usher in a big boom.

On the contrary, if the stock was not optimistic during the IPO stage and the pressure on the underwriters was too great, then the rise after the listing would naturally not be too optimistic. It might even fall below the issue price.