Chapter 263

In Li Mu's mind, from 2000 to 2016, when he was reborn, the best comedy film on the mainland was "Crazy Stone". This film came out of nowhere in 2006 and created a landmark comedy film with an investment of two to three million yuan. Li Mu couldn't even count how many people became famous because of this film.

After this film, Huang Bo, who was an absolute loser, became one of the most popular Best Actors in the country, and people gave him the nickname of "Six Billion Movie King". Guo Tao and Xu Zheng, who were already past their prime, also found the spring of their careers after this film. Brother Dao and Wang Xun also became famous because of this film. Although they didn't become A-list actors, they also became famous among the B-list actors.

Although this film borrowed elements from the foreign director Geric, the screenplay was really ingenious. Coupled with the wonderful performances of various actors, it presented a true comedy with no flaws and laughter from beginning to end. Li Mu had watched this film more than ten times and could almost memorize every line.

From then on, the director of the film was truly known to the world. In the future, he made movies with more than a hundred million yuan in the box office, and successfully became one of the A-list directors in the country.

The director of this film was Ning Hao, who had just recommended himself to him on QQ.

Because Li Mu liked watching his movies, he specially found his earliest DV film to watch. The quality of that film was terrible, and the cinematography was terrible, but the plot was more ingenious. The title of the film was "Thursday, Wednesday".

Calculating the time, it could be imagined that Ning Hao was still in school. Although it was a bit of a coincidence that he saw his post and found him, it was to some extent not a coincidence.

There were many students who were not famous in the current Yanjing Film Academy, but if Li Mu went around, he would at least find dozens of familiar faces, because the students from 98 to 01 were still in school.

There were too many famous people, not only actors, but also directors, cinematographers, and screenwriters.

It was normal to attract a few future big shots. As a person who was reborn in the future, he would probably think it was a coincidence to meet any future big shot.

In any case, Li Mu was still excited. He hurriedly packed up and went downstairs to the barbecue stall to wait for Ning Hao's appearance.

The Yanjing Film Academy was not far from the National People's Congress, and the bus was only a few stops away. Li Mu sat by the window of the Sheep Scorpion Hot Pot Restaurant and waited for more than ten minutes before a familiar face appeared in his field of vision.

Although Ning Hao was still a student at Yanjing Film Academy, his actual age was already 25 years old. He looked older, and now he looked almost the same as when he was filming Crazy Stone. His body was slightly chubby, and his hairline had receded a long time ago.

After getting off the bus, Ning Hao looked around. When he saw the Lamb Scorpion Hot Pot that Li Mu mentioned, he strode toward the restaurant.

He pushed the door open and entered on his tiptoes to look inside. Li Mu wanted to take the initiative to greet him, but he thought that he was still unknown. It would be strange if he recognized him first, so he pretended to be calm and sat on the chair, waiting for him to see him.

Ning Hao repeated in a low voice, "Gray sports pants, blue sweater …"

He glanced around and his eyes fell on Li Mu. He was wearing a blue sweater, but he couldn't see the pants.

Ning Hao took a few steps forward. When he passed by Li Mu, he deliberately glanced at him and found that Li Mu was wearing gray sports pants. He was immediately shocked.

He thought to himself, "Why is this kid so young?

Is he the one who just told me on QQ that he wanted to use two million to shoot a 40-minute micro movie?

Is he bullsh * tting? "

Ning Hao instinctively wanted to walk out because he was afraid that Li Mu was a scammer. He wasn't afraid that Li Mu would scam him, but he was afraid that Li Mu would scam him out of a meal.

It wasn't that he hadn't heard that some people used the excuse of introducing jobs to others.

If this kid really posted on the Yanjing Film Academy's forum to scam people, what would he do?

His living expenses were already a problem. He only had about fifty yuan in his pocket, which was all he had. It was almost the end of the year, and there were no new film crews shooting. He couldn't even find a job. If Li Mu's matter still didn't work out, he would have to work as a waiter in a restaurant.

It was also because of his financial situation that Ning Hao was in a dilemma. On the one hand, he was afraid that Li Mu was a scammer, and on the other hand, he was afraid that he had made the wrong judgment.

Ning Hao deliberately walked past Li Mu and hesitated a few meters behind him. After struggling for a minute, he gritted his teeth and decided to give it a try. What was there to be afraid of?

If he found out that the other party was really a scammer, he would keep quiet and stare at him until he was full. If he wanted to escape in advance, he would get up and leave in front of him.

After making the decision, Ning Hao came to Li Mu's side, looked down at him, and asked tentatively, "Hello, are you Mr. Li?"

Li Mu nodded and asked with a smile, "You're Ning Hao, right?"

Ning Hao said, "Yes, it's me."

Li Mu said enthusiastically, "Come, come, come, sit down."

Ning Hao sat opposite Li Mu with a little uneasiness. In front of them, a big pot of sheep scorpion was already boiling. Li Mu said, "Eat first, we'll talk while eating."

Ning Hao nodded and thanked him. He was really hungry. After drifting in Yan Jing for so long, he rarely had the luxury to eat this kind of food. He hadn't had time to eat tonight.

Li Mu really wanted to eat first and then talk. But soon after they started eating, he soon found that Ning Hao kept glancing at him from the corner of his eyes while eating. It seemed that Ning Hao was very vigilant.

Li Mu could be considered a smart person for his age. He could guess what Ning Hao was worried about. Thinking that Ning Hao was an old smoker in the director circle, Li Mu waved to the waiter and said, "Excuse me, give me two packs of soft Chunghwa."

The waiter deliberately picked up the cigarettes that were not available in the store. He looked at Li Mu and said awkwardly, "Hello, our best cigarettes are Yuxi."

Li Mu took out 200 yuan from his pocket and handed it to her. "Go out and buy two packs for me. The rest of the money is for your errand."

Ning Hao immediately breathed a sigh of relief.

200 yuan was definitely enough for this meal. In this day and age, a big pot of sheep scorpion would cost less than 100 yuan.

It seemed that the other party was indeed a rich man. He wouldn't lie to him for a meal.

Li Mu saw Ning Hao's reaction. He felt it was funny, but he also expressed his understanding. Whether it was in the film industry or the music industry, most people were poor before they became famous. The reason was that they needed money to support their artistic career. Li Mu had a deep understanding of this when he was in a band in college. Sometimes, he was poor for half a semester just to buy a piece of equipment. In order to buy a guitar effector called Line6, he sang in a small bar outside the university for five months.

The waiter bought the cigarettes and gave them to Li Mu and Li Mu. Li Mu took the cigarettes and said, "You keep the money. Get me an ashtray."

Now the restaurant had not banned smoking, so almost all the guests in the hall were smoking. The waiter happily took the money, turned around and took an ashtray for Li Mu, and specially gave him a lighter.

Li Mu opened a pack of cigarettes, handed one to Ning Hao, and lit one himself. Ning Hao also took out a lighter and lit it. He took a puff and said in a slightly hoarse voice, "Good cigarettes are good, soft and pure."

Li Mu smiled and handed him the unopened pack. "Take it and smoke it."

Ning Hao hurriedly pushed his hand and said, "How can I …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't smoke much. You don't have to be so polite. Don't we still have a cooperation to discuss?"

After taking a puff, Li Mu said, "Let me introduce myself. My name is Li Mu."

Ning Hao nodded and said his name.

Li Mu said, "You said on QQ that you want to be the executive producer of my movie. I'm more curious about how you will help me organize the resources I need."

Ning Hao suddenly became interested. He flicked the ash off his cigarette and said with some excitement, "I've been in this industry for a long time. I've worked with a lot of crews and know some people. It's the end of the year now. Many people have nothing to do and are idle. I have all their phone numbers. I can guarantee that I can get them with just one phone call. In addition, our Yanjing Film Academy also has a lot of student resources, from actors to stage managers. I'm quite popular in the school, so I can help you when the time comes!"

Li Mu asked him, "Can you coordinate a few good actors from the Film Academy for me?

I still have a few vacancies here. "

Li Mu hadn't decided on the leading male villain yet. In addition, there were still a few roles with lines. Li Mu hoped to find some professional actors. Otherwise, if the whole movie was played by amateurs, he was afraid that everyone's acting would be out of tune and people would think that it was fake at first glance.

Ning Hao patted his chest and said, "It's a small matter. Tell me the script, or show it to me, and then tell me your requirements for each role. I'll help you with the rest."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In that case, I'll officially hire you as the executive producer of my movie."

Ning Hao was stunned. He put down the half-eaten lamb bone and stared at Li Mu with wide eyes. He asked, "It's settled?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Yes, it's settled."

Ning Hao stammered, "Isn't it a little rash?"

Li Mu found it funny and asked, "Do you want me to go back on my word?"

Ning Hao hurriedly said, "Of course not. It's just that about the payment, how will you decide …"

Li Mu said, "As you said, 3,000 yuan. I'll give you 1,000 yuan in advance."

Ning Hao shivered obviously. 3,000 yuan was just a casual offer. In fact, 2,000 yuan was a little high. He didn't expect that Li Mu would agree directly.

He asked Li Mu, "Do you trust me that much?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's nothing more than giving you 1,000 yuan in advance. I believe in my own judgment. You won't lie to me for 1,000 yuan."