Chapter 11

When Zhao Kang saw Chen Wan, he was so shocked that his jaw almost fell to the ground.

These days, Haizhou's fashion taste was terrible. There were not many specialty shops on the streets. In the eyes of the students, Li Ning was a sports brand, while the casual brands were dominated by Benny Road. Metersbonwe, which had been popular for a long time, had yet to open in Haizhou. Most young people still had to go to the old pedestrian streets to pick out clothes from the various stalls and small shops. Therefore, it was rare to see a western-style beauty like Chen Wan.

Unlike the future when Taobao became popular and popular clothes were sold all over the country, there were few opportunities for people to come in contact with new products.

Zhao Kang, who had always been talkative, suddenly stuttered in front of Chen Wan. He couldn't even say a complete sentence except "Hello, sister." He was as shy as a girl.

Because he brought Chen Wan, Li Mu wanted to treat himself for lunch, but he couldn't persuade Zhao Kang. In the end, he paid for three hamburger sets.

After lunch, the three ate ice cream cones and walked to the Big Spider Web Bar not far from the city center.

The Big Spider Web Bar was the bar that Li Mu and Zhao Kang frequented the most. The fat boss, known as Er Bin, was twenty-six or twenty-seven years old and had a good way of dealing with people. After getting familiar with him, they could enjoy the membership price here. Occasionally, when they didn't have money, they could put it on the bill. It was almost like a home field.

The price in Haizhou Internet Bar ranged from 1.50 to 3 yuan per hour, but the average price for most was 2 yuan. There were more than 50 computers on the first floor of the Big Spider Web Bar, and only the small rooms upstairs were 3 yuan.

There were double, triple, and quadruple rooms. There was nothing special except for the partition. After entering the door, Li Mu found dozens of men of all ages staring at Chen Wan. He directly said to the boss behind the counter, "Brother Er Bin, is there a three-person room upstairs?"

"Hey, Xiao Mu, Kang Zi."

Er Bin greeted the two familiarly, then glanced at Chen Wan, who was next to Li Mu, and said, "Room 303 upstairs, you guys go directly."

They arrived at Room 303 with ease. Li Mu asked Chen Wan to sit in the innermost seat. He sat in the middle, and Zhao Kang sat on the outermost seat.

Zhao Kang had been itching to play Counter Strike recently. Before the machine was turned on, he said to Li Mu, "Let's go into Counter Strike later and find an Internet cafe's LAN. We'll challenge them."

"Boring. You can play by yourself. I'll check something first."

Li Mu wasn't here to play games today. He was here to study "Stone Age" and Abbe's cheat.

As the main force of online games, "Stone Age" had been in commercial operation for a certain period of time. Commercial cheats already had a user base. Since Abbe's cheats could reach tens of millions of users, it meant that "Stone Age" had enough user demand.

Li Mu's thinking was very simple. He would study Abbe's cheat and then create an enhanced version of it that was better than it in all aspects. The cheat market had always been determined by technical strength. He believed that with his own ability, he could leave Abbe's cheat in the dust.

"Damn!" Zhao Kang said with some disappointment, "It's boring for me to play alone. I don't even have someone to take care of me."

Chen Wan said straightforwardly, "I'll play with you."

"Really, Sister Wan …"

Zhao Kang instantly forgot about Li Mu and happily played Counter Strike with Chen Wan.

After Li Mu turned on the computer, he saw the game "Stone Age" on the desktop. He directly went to search for Abbe's cheat.

From the analysis of the search results, Abbe's cheat had already reached a considerable scale. Many netizens were discussing this cheat on BBS. It had a very good reputation.

In this era, there wasn't really a large-scale online water army. Therefore, such a good reputation couldn't have been created by doing nothing. Li Mu immediately downloaded a trial version of Abbe's cheat and registered an account for "Stone Age". He began to familiarize himself with the game and the effects of this cheat.

Li Mu didn't play "Stone Age" in his previous life. Before his third year of high school, he didn't dare to indulge in online games. He only occasionally played Counter Strike, Red Alert, and StarCraft. It wasn't until he entered university that he started playing "Legend of Mir 2" under the encouragement of his roommates. Therefore, he had to explore "Stone Age" from the beginning.

Fortunately, the world structure, mission system, character balance, and skill and equipment routes were very simple. It was very easy for a veteran technician to familiarize himself with it.

Li Mu concentrated on studying the game and the cheat. Chen Wan and Zhao Kang played Counter Strike for a while. After an hour or so, she received a call. She apologized to the two and left first.

Li Mu walked her out of the internet cafe and watched her get into a taxi. Then, he returned to the private room upstairs and continued to study the game.

After returning, Zhao Kang asked Li Mu curiously, "Where did you get such a beautiful girl as your sister?

She's not worse than Su Yingxue in your class. In fact, she's even more fashionable than you! "

"Nonsense. How old is Su Yingxue? How can an 18-year-old girl be the same as a 21-year-old girl?"

Li Mu rolled his eyes at him. Thinking about this kid's mysterious and unknown fate in his previous life, he asked tentatively, "Oh right, how did you feel about the college entrance exam?"

Zhao Kang stared at him intently and said, "Sigh, it's alright. My grades have always been average, but I feel that it shouldn't be a problem to pass the college entrance exam."

Li Mu frowned and said, "Sigh, it's alright. My grades have always been average, but I feel that it shouldn't be a problem to pass the college entrance exam."

"About seventy to eighty percent."

Zhao Kang smiled. "I'm going to apply for a mechanical and electrical engineering college under the Provincial University of Technology. I'm going to apply for a junior college in the province as a backup. What about you?"

Li Mu didn't answer his question immediately. Instead, he was thinking about how Zhao Kang lived in his previous life. However, he had left home for many years and almost cut off contact with his parents. Li Mu hadn't seen him for more than ten years, and this was something that Li Mu didn't want to happen again.

However, Zhao Kang's parents were famous for their discipline of Zhao Kang in the neighborhood. In fact, it couldn't even be considered discipline. It was more like total domination. As far as Li Mu knew, before the college entrance exam, Zhao Kang didn't even have the right to buy any clothes for himself. Zhao Kang's mother would only pay for the clothes she wanted to buy for Zhao Kang.

In Li Mu's memory, Zhao Kang had a pair of cropped pants that he liked very much. He had borrowed money from Li Mu to buy it secretly. If he wanted to wear that pair of pants, he would have to put it in his school bag first, find a place to change into it before going to school, and then put it back in his bag after school. It could be seen how unhealthy the relationship between his family was.

After the college entrance exam, Zhao Kang's parents also forced Zhao Kang to repeat his studies, which led to him leaving home in a fit of pique. From the looks of it, Li Mu had to think of a way to help him resolve the conflict between him and his family in advance.

Immediately, Li Mu asked, "If you don't pass the college entrance exam, will Uncle Zhao and Aunt Liu be willing to let you go to a junior college?"

"I'm willing, but they definitely won't."

Zhao Kang blurted out, "My parents have long said that I must take the college entrance exam. If I can't pass, I'll repeat until I pass."

"Then what will you think about it?"

"Me?"

Zhao Kang shrugged. "I definitely won't come back. Who can take another year of high school? I'll be tortured until I go crazy."

Li Mu nodded slightly and didn't speak again.

Zhao Kang's problem seemed to be unsolvable for the time being. His scores didn't pass the college entrance exam, and his parents insisted that he repeat his studies. Even if he wanted to go to a junior college, it was impossible. He was afraid that his parents would force him to repeat his studies.

However, Li Mu thought about it again. If Zhao Kang had the ability to pay for a junior college, then his parents wouldn't be able to stop him. Instead of letting him repeat for half a year and then disappear from the world for more than ten years, it was better to find a way to let him go to a junior college. Even if there would be some conflict between him and his parents, at least he wouldn't disappear from the world again.

After making up his mind, Li Mu suddenly felt that the burden was heavier. It seemed that he not only had to earn his own tuition and computer, but he also had to find a way to help Zhao Kang earn his tuition.

"Stone Age", this summer, it seems that I can only rely on you!

With his three years of savings of more than 500 RMB, Li Mu directly found the owner of the internet cafe, Er Bin, and booked a two-person room upstairs for three days. He didn't allow anyone else to enter during the three days. The price of the room was high.

From 7 o 'clock to 10 o' clock at night, these 15 hours were 3 RMB per hour. The night was 3 RMB more expensive than downstairs, and 8 RMB per night. Calculating, one computer per day cost 53 RMB, and two computers cost 106 RMB. However, Er Bin was a righteous person, and Li Mu could enjoy the membership price, so he gave him a discount of 200 RMB for three days.

Li Mu didn't have a computer. If he wanted to make a plug-in, he could only do it here. Fortunately, the technical content of this plug-in was too low. Li Mu was confident that three days was enough.

Zhao Kang didn't know why Li Mu would spend money to book a room for three days. Although the adults at home allowed them to indulge themselves after the college entrance examination, three days and three nights in an internet cafe, even if his parents didn't mind, he couldn't stand it.

However, Li Mu said to him, "I've been studying programming for a long time, and I want to try making a plug-in myself."

"Plug-In?

What plug-in?

What is a plug-in? "Zhao Kang had only come into contact with single player games. He hadn't started playing online games yet.

Li Mu explained in the simplest terms, "It's just like when you're fighting the Red Alert with someone online. The plug-in allows you to enjoy the full screen view in advance before the full screen and the map is opened. Moreover, even if the other party has built a black screen, you can still see through the situation inside. It even allows your troops of the same kind to move and attack faster than the other party. You can dig ordinary gold mines, but you can get the price of diamond mines, and you can even earn money directly."

"F * ck …" Zhao Kang was stunned for a while, and then he said, "Everyone is calling the Red Alert in an internet cafe. Aren't you afraid of being beaten up for cheating like this?"

Li Mu was speechless. It seemed that Zhao Kang hadn't come into contact with online games. Although he understood that a plug-in was a cheating tool to a certain extent, he didn't understand the economic value. This was not for local area network games, but for online games.