Chapter 1462

Li Mu got the transfer agreement from Apple's shareholders and the non-compete agreement from Jobs, which made him feel relieved.

Next, as long as Makino Technology paid 90% of the purchase price to Apple's shareholders, these agreements would officially take effect. In addition, more than 90% of Apple's employees would sign new labor agreements with Makino Technology. At that time, Apple would be completely digested by Makino Technology.

After digesting Apple, Li Mu's next strategic goal for the mobile Internet era was the mobile microprocessor. Whether it was ARM, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments, or TSMC, the future Makino Technology had to find a breakthrough in microprocessor chips. In the PC era, it was difficult for Hua Xia's enterprises to reverse and catch up, but in the mobile Internet era, it was an excellent opportunity for Li Mu to catch up.

After a busy day, when Li Mu arrived at the hotel, it was already ten o 'clock in the evening. Su Yingxue opened the door for Li Mu. Seeing that he looked a little tired, she hurriedly asked him with concern, "You've been busy until now. Have you had dinner?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I've had a working meal. What about you?

What did you do today? "

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I didn't go out today. After breakfast, I read for a while. After lunch, I basked in the sun for a while and swam for a while. I also read before and after dinner."

After that, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "You must be exhausted today, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Although I'm tired, I'm very happy."

Su Yingxue said, "Then you must have done something amazing. Do you want to tell me?"

Li Mu pulled her to sit on the sofa and said excitedly, "The senior management of Apple just signed an agreement with me. Now I have more than 80% of Apple's shares. In the near future, this amount will expand to 100%."

Su Yingxue was pleasantly surprised. "That's great. Your most important goal in Silicon Valley has basically been achieved."

Li Mu said, "This goal is considered achieved, but there is still one more goal that has not been confirmed yet. That is, Makino Technology's investment in Google. After the Apple issue is over, I will follow up on this matter. There should be no problem."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Will there be a new wave of Makino Technology's investment or acquisition in Silicon Valley?"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "This is very likely. There are too many start-ups in Silicon Valley. They need money and resources to accelerate the development of their projects. The investors can only provide money, but I can provide money and resources. Makino Technology has a strong user base around the world, and it will become the entrepreneurial resource for countless start-ups. Maybe in the near future, I will become the biggest angel investor in Silicon Valley, and Makino Technology will also become the company with the widest coverage in Silicon Valley and even in the entire Internet industry. In the future, with our subsidiaries and the companies we invest in, it might be possible."

Su Yingxue held her chin and listened very attentively to Li Mu's plan for the future of the company. After Li Mu finished speaking confidently, she couldn't help but sigh to Li Mu. "You know, I've been thinking about a question, but I haven't figured out the answer until now."

Li Mu asked her, "What is it?"

Su Yingxue said, "I'm thinking about what made you undergo such a drastic change. Many times when I think of you, it's as if you were that introverted boy who didn't like to talk much and didn't really focus on his studies just a second ago. The next second, you suddenly became a genius entrepreneur that caught the attention of the entire world. The contrast between before and after is simply too great. Most people can't achieve such a huge contrast in their entire lives, but you achieved it in such a short period of time. How did you do it?"

Li Mu guessed that Su Yingxue would ask such a question. He smiled and said indifferently, "There is a story about Archimedes. You study economics, so you must have heard of it. This story says that Archimedes played chess with the king, and the king lost. The king asked Archimedes, 'What kind of reward do you want?'

Archimedes said, 'I just need to put one wheat grain on the first square, two on the second square, four on the third square, and eight on the fourth square. The number of wheat grains on the last square will always be twice as many as the number on the previous square.'

At first, the king thought that it was very easy, but after asking someone to do the calculations, he realized that even if he included all the wheat in the whole country, it would still be far from enough. "

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "This story is mainly using another way to promote mathematics, but the version I know is slightly different from yours. In the version I saw, Archimedes asked the king for rice and not wheat."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let's not look into the authenticity of the story first. Analyzing it purely from the history of ancient Greece, rice is also not appropriate. The staple food of ancient Greece should be mainly wheat."

"Alright …" Su Yingxue stuck out her tongue and observed Li Mu with her big eyes. She smiled and asked, "Then do you have an answer in this story?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, of course there is. Think of each square on the chessboard as an adult's every step forward. Every step is a mathematical problem. It could be multiplication, division, addition, or even subtraction. If you choose to start a business, then it is equivalent to choosing to multiply and divide in the future. If you choose a stable job, then it is equivalent to choosing to add and subtract in the future.

"If you want to be stable from the beginning, like our parents, you only want to add steadily for the rest of your life. Then after going through hundreds and thousands of squares, you might be able to go from 1 to 1000. But since you used so many squares in the middle, no one will be surprised by such a trajectory.

"If you want to make a big gamble from the beginning, then you may be like many entrepreneurs, doing multiplication and division from the beginning. Maybe after ten grids, you will go from 1 to 100 million or more, but maybe at the eleventh grid, you will multiply it by 0, and you will have nothing. No matter which one it is, the huge contrast between before and after will be surprising. Therefore, the story of an entrepreneur who becomes rich overnight or goes back to zero overnight is always the most popular one among the people."

"If you choose to start a business, and you have good foresight and happen to be very lucky, then every step you take will be like Archimedes' chessboard, constantly multiplying. One step, ten steps, dozens of steps. Even if each step is only multiplied by two, by the fortieth step, it will have accumulated to more than 500 billion. If it is multiplied by three, by the fortieth step, it will be in the trillions. Every successful tycoon we see is carrying out such rapid capital growth, and I am no exception."

At this point, Li Mu paused and said, "During the summer vacation after I graduated from high school, I tentatively took the first step of my business, which was tantamount to stepping on the first square of the chessboard of life. Fortunately, my first choice was relatively successful. It gave me the courage and confidence to continue moving forward, and also gave me the capital to continue moving forward. So from then on, every step I took was multiplication.

What was even more fortunate was that every step I took was considered very successful. I just walked forward one square after another with my head down. After walking through dozens of such squares, I looked back and realized that I had accumulated so many gains along the way. Just like Archimedes' chessboard, when you start from the first square, no one will care about that grain of wheat, but when you successfully walk all the way to the tenth square, people will be surprised to find that you have already pulled a huge distance from the first square. You will be surprised because of this distance, but if you look carefully at the multiplication I did on each square, you will find that everything is actually traceable. "

Su Yingxue was silent for a long time before she nodded gently and said, "I understand now. It is not some kind of change that made you walk all the way to where you are today, but you have been constantly changing on the road to where you are today."

"Yes."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "I can't believe that I can walk to where I am today. If my first step had failed, maybe everything that followed would not have happened. Today, we might still be living an ordinary university life on the campus of the National People's Congress. There would be no 3321, and there would be no Makino Technology or Taobao."

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "If that were the case, what do you think would happen to us now?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said with a smile, "We should be a campus couple that people in the National People's Congress would envy, and then we would decide to take our relationship to the next step. I would work hard to earn some money during the summer after the end of my sophomore year, and then come back after my junior year, I would rent a small house near the National People's Congress and live together like other university couples do."

Li Mu's words were not nonsense. Most campus couples would consider living together in the middle and later years of university. On the one hand, it was because of emotional and physical needs, and on the other hand, it was because of the cost-performance ratio. When the cost of renting a house was much higher than renting a house, many young people would involuntarily start to consider renting a house.

After two years of university life, Su Yingxue also knew that this kind of thing was almost normal. Some couples in the National People's Congress had already rented a cheap small house outside during their sophomore year and quietly lived together.

Therefore, it was rare for Su Yingxue to not be shy. Instead, she involuntarily sighed and said, "That kind of life seems to be quite interesting. It's just that your current situation can never return to that state again."

Li Mu said casually, "Actually, we had a chance in the past. Do you still remember Yucheng Garden?

The house I rented near the National People's Congress. "

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and nodded gently.

How could she not remember that place? She and Li Mu had a few opportunities to take a step further, and they all happened there. It was just that they went in the wrong direction by accident, just like Li Mu's chessboard theory. In the multiplication grid, he suddenly chose to multiply by 1 …

Thinking of this, Su Yingxue secretly made a decision in her heart. Then she asked Li Mu, "You've been tired for a day. Do you want to take a bath and rest early?"

Li Mu thought that Su Yingxue didn't want to discuss this topic. In order to avoid unnecessary embarrassment, he nodded and said, "I'm really tired today. Then I'll go take a bath first."

Su Yingxue said, "Go ahead. I'll go back to rest too."

…

Li Mu took a hot bath. The hot water made him feel a lot more relaxed, but it also made him feel more tired. Therefore, he lay on the bed for almost five minutes before falling asleep.

He didn't know how long he had slept. Suddenly, Li Mu felt something strange. When he opened his eyes, Su Yingxue was already lying in his arms. What made Li Mu stunned was that there was no barrier between the two of them. He could clearly feel that her body was obviously much hotter than his.

In a daze, Li Mu thought that she was sick, so he hurriedly asked her, "Yingxue, do you have a fever?"

In the darkness, Su Yingxue's big eyes flickered with a different kind of expression. She leaned into Li Mu's arms and said, "If only the two of us were in Yucheng Garden right now …"

Li Mu hugged her tightly and said softly, "If you want to go, I'll take you there when we return."

Su Yingxue asked him, "You haven't checked out of that house yet?"

Li Mu said, "I'll buy it."

Su Yingxue nodded. After hesitating for a moment, she looked up at Li Mu and said, "But I don't want to wait any longer."