Chapter 491

Chen Wan is not good at cooking. She has only a few cooking experiences in her life. Not only does she have little experience, but every time she cooks, the results are not very good. But even so, she still hopes to be able to cook at home to entertain Li Mu personally, not for anything else, but to let this "younger brother" know her gratitude and care for him.

Before meeting Li Mu, Chen Wan never thought that she could become the host of a first-class variety show in China so early. Her family's original plan for her was to return to Jinling after graduation, and then her family would find a way to get her into Nansu Satellite TV or Jinling TV Station. After a few years, her family would pay some money to find some people. Maybe she could get her own show, which was very ideal.

However, this year, Chen Wan is only 22 years old. At the age of 22, she was chosen by Xiangnan Satellite TV. Before she got her graduation certificate, she had already become the official host of "Happy Camp", which was almost unprecedented in the whole Hua Xia's hosting world. All of this was like a dream. It was almost the best career start that a host could have. Chen Wan knew in her heart that all this was not because she really had the strength, nor because she really had the opportunity, but because Li Mu spared no effort to promote all of this behind her.

When someone blocked the way, Li Mu rushed out in time to clear the obstacle; when she retreated, Li Mu lifted and dragged her to push herself up; in order to make herself stand more stable in this high position, Li Mu even mobilized all the resources he could mobilize to support herself.

The family, who were originally ready to find all kinds of relationships for Chen Wan, have now completely regarded Chen Wan as the pride of the family, just like Zhang Kexuan after he became famous. In this business-oriented family, they have never thought that there would be a star, but now there are two of them. Although Chen Wan is not as famous as Zhang Kexuan now, once she becomes famous in "Happy Camp", her popularity will not be under Zhang Kexuan's. Chen Wan's classmates of the same year and the same major are now all envious of her.

Chen Wan's classmates from the same year and the same major were now all envious of her. Every TV station had its unspoken rules. Even in small TV stations in fifth-tier cities, there were often cases of seniors suppressing newcomers and not letting them shine. Currently, there were so many students who had signed contracts with major TV stations, but only a small number of them had the opportunity to appear on screen. Moreover, they were the very inconspicuous kind. They were either frontline reporters for some news or assistants in some programs who appeared for no more than two minutes an hour. Even so, they all felt that they had developed very well. Most of the remaining people were still bitterly waiting for the opportunity to appear on screen.

But who would have thought that Chen Wan, who had no news since she went to Yanjing TV, and had no chance to appear on screen, would sign a contract with Xiangnan Satellite TV all of a sudden, and directly go to "Happy Camp" to be an official host. Among the three hosts she partnered with, two are first-line hosts in China, and although the other is not yet a first-line host, she has long been a household name. Generally speaking, a host who can get to Chen Wan's level in ten years is a success, not to mention that she only officially graduated in July this year.

Since the news that Chen Wan joined "Happy Camp" came out, many students have been actively contacting Chen Wan. Even some of the most arrogant students in the school have put down their attitude and come to get close to Chen Wan, and even specially went to Xiangdu to see her, just in order to be able to get a relationship with her. They don't want to be able to enter the top variety show "Happy Camp" like her, they just want to be able to get a position in Xiangnan Satellite TV through her relationship.

For Chen Wan, Li Mu is almost a guardian angel sent by God. She never dreamed that after her accidental mistake and bumping into Li Mu, who was rushing to the examination room, she would bump into so many blessings. It is precisely because of this that she particularly believes that there is a kind of destiny between herself and Li Mu.

Chen Wan was in a hurry in the kitchen. Li Mu wanted to help many times, but without exception, he was pushed out of the kitchen by Chen Wan. Li Mu had no choice but to wait in the living room.

Chen Wan decorated her house very warmly. The sofa in the living room was matched with Japanese tatami and tea table. The red wine and candlesticks that Chen Wan specially bought were placed on the tea table at the moment. It seems that dinner will be eaten on the tea table.

Li Mu sat down cross-legged in front of the tea table, picked up the remote control on the tea table and turned on the TV. At this moment, the news was broadcasting on the TV. Li Mu turned the channel to Xiangnan Satellite TV, waiting for the start of "Happy Camp" at 8: 15.

At eight o 'clock, Chen Wan, who had been busy in the kitchen for more than an hour, finally opened the kitchen door and came out with a dish in each hand. She put the dish on the tea table and said to Li Mu, "Wait for me, there are two more dishes."

Li Mu nodded and looked at the two dishes that had just been served on the tea table, a vegetable salad and a stir-fry with lotus pond. The vegetable salad looked pretty good. As for the stir-fry with lotus pond, it seemed that the oil was too hot, so the vegetables were a little black.

Then, Chen Wan brought out two more dishes, braised ribs and cola chicken wings.

Li Mu found that whether it was a woman now or a woman ten years later, it only needed one point to judge how good her cooking skills were. If she made cola chicken wings, she was basically a super rookie in cooking.

So Li Mu began to feel sorry for his stomach, and at the same time, he warned himself in his heart that no matter what, he should pretend to be delicious.

Chen Wan finally took off her apron and came to the living room with a plate and chopsticks in her hands. She said to Li Mu with a bit of embarrassment, "If it doesn't taste good, or if you're not used to it, we can go out to eat."

Li Mu said, "How can I go out to eat? No matter what, I can't let your kind intentions go to waste."

Chen Wan nodded repeatedly and said, "I snuck a taste, it's not that bad."

Li Mu said seriously, "I like it even if it tastes bad." He then rubbed his hands and asked, "Can we eat now? I'm about to die from anxiety."

Chen Wan said, "Let's start, I'll pour you wine."

Soon, the two of them each had a glass of red wine in their hands. Chen Wan and Li Mu sat side by side facing the TV. She raised the wine glass in her hand and said to Li Mu, "Come, Big Sister gives you a toast to thank you for everything you've done for me."

Li Mu said seriously, "Big Sister, if you don't regard me as an outsider, then don't keep saying thank you all the time."

Chen Wan nodded and said with a smile, "Okay, you're so nosy. I won't say thank you, but I'll give you a toast, right?"

Li Mu smiled and took the initiative to lightly touch his glass with hers. "Come, have a sip. Let's start."

Chen Wan said, "'Happy Camp' is about to start!"

Then, the two of them each took a sip of red wine. Chen Wan looked nervously at Li Mu, who had already picked up his chopsticks.

Li Mu picked up a piece of blackened Dutch beans and put it in his mouth to chew. It was a bit bitter and hard to chew. Compared to the original crispy texture of the Dutch beans, it was indeed a lot worse. Fortunately, the saltiness was just right, so it could be eaten.

Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "Is it bad?"

Li Mu said with a straight face, "Not at all, it's pretty good. I'll have another chicken wing."

"Okay, try it. This is a new way I learned."

Li Mu nodded, picked up a piece of chicken wing and took a bite. The thick syrup on the outer layer made Li Mu feel hopeless. He didn't know how much cola she put in, and finally, there was so much sugar in the juice. It seemed that there was no other taste except sweetness.

But Chen Wan's eyes were full of expectation, and Li Mu could only bite the bullet and eat up the whole chicken wing. Then he couldn't wait to raise his glass and drink with Chen Wan: "This tastes good too. Sister, let's have another drink."

Li Mu needed red wine to buffer and correct his taste buds.

At this time, the last advertisement of Xiangnan Satellite TV ended, and the title of "Happy Camp" began to appear on the TV screen.

Li Mu hurriedly put down his chopsticks, sat up straight, pointed to the TV and said excitedly, "It's on!"

The nervousness in Chen Wan's heart instantly changed from nervousness about the dishes to nervousness about the program.

Although she has seen the final version of the program in advance, and her performance should be impeccable, she is still worried about whether she has not performed well enough in some details and will be discovered by Li Mu.

Li Mu's attention was indeed focused on the TV at this time. This episode is Chen Wan's debut show in "Happy Camp". He has helped Xiangnan Satellite TV to promote it in all aspects for so long, in order to make Chen Wan a hit in this program.

At this moment, in the Xiangnan Satellite TV building, Zhou Sheng is also closely watching the ratings of this episode.

The previous ratings of "Happy Camp" have been hovering around 3% -4%, and there are few opportunities to break through 4%. However, this time, before the program started at 8 o 'clock, the ratings have reached 6.8%, almost double the average ratings.

At 8: 15, when the opening of "Happy Camp" began to be broadcast, the ratings rose further, reaching 8%. When the opening was finished and the four hosts appeared together, the ratings reached 8.3%.

He Wan said, "Hello, everyone in front of the TV, welcome to the latest episode of" Happy Camp ". I am the host, He Wan."

The camera then turned to Li Xiang. Li Xiang smiled and waved to the camera: "Hello, everyone, I am Li Xiang."

Then it was Li Weijia, who has been on the second line for ten thousand years.

Following that, the close-up shot finally shifted to Chen Wan. Chen Wan was wearing a sapphire blue dress and a pair of silver high heels. Her hair was casually and naturally let down. Her dressing was extremely simple, but her temperament was very grand. Coupled with her faint and charming smile, she looked like a goddess without the slightest hint of arrogance.

In the TV, Chen Wan held the microphone and waved it gently with one hand. Her voice was sweet and clear: "Hello, everyone, I am the new host of" Happy Camp ", Chen Wan."