Chapter 1473

Li Mu's attention and generosity towards cultural heritage made the leaders present appreciate it very much.

In this day and age, there were indeed very few entrepreneurs who would attach so much importance to cultural heritage, and he could be so generous towards education. Every year, he would unconditionally give the education department 300,000 free visiting places. Just this alone was very scary. On average, just this scenic spot alone would receive nearly a thousand free visiting students every day, and the ticket income would definitely be in the tens of millions.

For Li Mu, the ticket income of tens of millions was nothing, but for the education department, it was indeed a very good educational resource. After all, the total number of students who received nine-year compulsory education in Yan Jing was less than a million. 300,000 tickets could at least guarantee that more than 30% of the students could come here to receive different extracurricular education.

The person in charge of the education department only did a little calculation, and said happily, "In this case, when the ancient town project is officially opened to the public, our education department can fix three grades of primary school and junior high school to organize a historical and cultural experience of the water town every year. For example, starting from that year, we can organize that year's third grade, fifth grade, and second grade of junior high school to visit the water town every year. This is a very good promotion for our quality education work!"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Thank you for your recognition. We are also very honored to be able to contribute to the quality education of primary and middle school students in Yan Jing."

The person in charge of the culture department said, "Li Zong, in the future, the performance team of your water town project should also have a very large lineup, right?

What I'm interested in is, how are you going to recruit this group of actors, and what kind of treatment are you going to give them?

I heard from your introduction that there should at least be a variety of opera troupes, drama, stage performance teams, and instrumental performance teams, right? "

Li Mu said seriously, "We hope to find actors and groups who really love folk arts, so our initial idea is to cooperate with some domestic opera troupes, opera academies, and performance academies. At present, the commercial development prospects of folk culture in China are relatively poor, and many folk artists even face the problem of not being able to support their families. In the future, we hope to subsidize our precious folk artists through the overall tourism income of Gubeishui Town, so that they can inherit folk arts here and have a good income at the same time."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said again, "There is one more thing that needs to be added. That is, not only will we support a large number of folk performing artists, but we will also find some artists who have inherited folk arts from all over the country and invite them to the water town. We will pay them a salary to support them in promoting our folk arts, such as the dough figurines, sugar figurines, egg carvings, shadow puppets, woodcuts, etc.

These folk arts used to be everywhere in the streets and alleys, but now they are extremely rare. I have heard people say that our folk arts are lost every year. If possible, I am willing to preserve a piece of soil for them to take root in. In the future, I will let these folk arts be everywhere in the water town, and they will no longer have to worry about their skills not being able to support their families, and they will no longer have to worry about not having a place to show their skills.

If in the future, our tourists can regain their interest in these arts, we can even invest a sum of money near the water town and open a folk arts school. We will pay for the construction, we will pay for the teachers, and it will be open to the public for free. Anyone who wants to learn can sign up. For Wanying Real Estate, such a school may not require more than ten million a year, but the role it can play in passing down and perpetuating folk arts is not something that money can buy! "

There was a warm applause in the conference room. What Li Mu said also touched the hearts of everyone present. The loss of folk culture was serious. If we didn't protect and promote it, after a decade or two, we could only tell a lot of things to our children and grandchildren, and they would never have the chance to see them again. Nowadays, society could create a lot of value, and the productivity was beyond imagination. Why couldn't we leave a place for these folk handicrafts to survive?

After the applause, a leader asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, if this is the case, the overall operating cost of the water town will be much higher, right?

For a developer like you and the other shareholders of the project, isn't this a little too much of a burden? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't think these expenses will become our 'burden'. On the contrary, I think these will become our wealth, our rich cultural wealth. As the old saying goes, business is business. Many businessmen regard these four words as their motto, but I don't think businessmen should always flaunt these four words. These four words completely abandon all the responsibilities that businessmen should bear.

Those entrepreneurs who violate the regulations and pollute the environment do not fulfill their obligation to filter and purify the emissions precisely because they are talking business. Those shoddy construction workers also pursue profits and skimp on the quality of the project because they are talking business. Therefore, I think that in business, we should not only talk business, but also be responsible. We must have enough social responsibility, even if this responsibility will cause us to lose some money. Therefore, since we are doing cultural tourism projects, it is absolutely not a burden to take some money to subsidize the culture itself. "

With Li Mu's current net worth, he did not care whether an ancient city project could earn 200 million or 50 million. All he wanted was to do some different real estate projects, to do some real estate projects that were beneficial to society and had positive energy. The water town project was a very good entry point.

Since he wanted to be the first to start a large-scale cultural tourism project, he naturally had to fulfill his due responsibility for this industry.

For any kind of industry, the initial form of the industry would play a crucial role in the subsequent development of the entire industry.

In his previous life, Boss Ma's e-commerce empire started with selling fake goods. In the following ten years, the e-commerce industry in Hua Xia couldn't get rid of the gene of selling fake goods. Small sellers sold fake goods, three-party enterprises sold fake goods, vertical e-commerce companies sold fake goods, and even the official flagship store sold fake goods. This was the far-reaching impact that this abnormal start brought to the entire industry. Therefore, every time someone stepped into e-commerce, he would think of a question. Those who sold fake goods in the early years had already made a lot of money. Why can't I be like them and sell fake goods to accumulate wealth?

Such a negative role model would at least trouble the e-commerce industry in Hua Xia for at least 30 years. It would only be stopped to a large extent when the law came into effect, both online and offline.

This was the first time that Li Mu stepped into a cultural tourism real estate project. It could be foreseen that if the Gubei water town project was successful in his hands, it would definitely be copied by the whole country. Countless local governments, real estate companies, and tourism groups would turn their attention to this field. It was very likely that in the next few years, ancient cities and towns would blossom all over the country.

This was a good thing in itself. After all, tourism was a very healthy industry. It could create large-scale income, provide jobs, and boost the local economy. It was green and environmentally friendly, and the income cycle was long.

However, if the cultural tourism project was too commercialized, it would easily cause the cultural tourism project to lose the "cultural" element and become a commercial tourism project with the signboard of culture. If an ancient city was filled with small goods produced by Yiwu, full of expensive hotels, restaurants, and bars, and it was filled with debauchery, singing, and dancing, and people flocking here just to find a romantic encounter, then what did it have to do with "culture"?

From another perspective, if Wanying Real Estate could build Gubei water town into a tourism project with a real cultural heritage, when the government, tourism, and real estate companies all over the country saw this project, they would subconsciously think that Wanying Real Estate's "tourism + culture" operation model was the standard of this industry. If he wanted to start a similar project, he would also need to do a good job in the cultural industry and play the cultural card well.

As long as he could build up this awareness for the later generations, then Li Mu believed that in the future, the ancient cities that emerged in Hua Xia could effectively protect and promote traditional and folk culture. After such projects increased, it might be able to make the people of Hua Xia who were gradually influenced by Japanese, Korean, and Western culture fall in love with their own traditional culture again. Li Mu didn't want to make a distinction between Hua Xia culture, Japanese, Korean, and Western culture. He just simply felt that Japanese, Korean, and Western culture could be popular in Hua Xia, and that was no problem. However, at least Hua Xia culture couldn't be driven to a corner in Hua Xia's own land.

After listening to Li Mu's report, the municipal leaders truly understood Li Mu's real intention of doing a cultural tourism project. Many similar projects said that "culture plays the stage while the economy plays the opera". However, during the implementation of many projects, as soon as the economy started to suffer, they couldn't wait to get off the stage and hug the audience, leaving the stage behind. Culture laid the foundation for economic development, but after economic development, it didn't help culture.

Now, Wanying Real Estate's Water Town Project was determined to do a deep bundling of culture and economy together. It was a very important example for the development of the entire domestic cultural tourism economy. Therefore, the municipal leaders attached more importance to the Water Town Project.

The municipal leader said, "Since Wanying Real Estate's Water Town Project wants to carry the banner of cultural tourism, as the local government, we naturally have to give all the support we can. Next, the municipal government will take the lead in contacting the key universities in the Yan Jing area. We will form a research group with outstanding professors from the relevant majors in each university to do a cultural rearrangement and reprocessing. We will screen the historical stories and cultural works that are familiar to us in the history of Hua Xia and select a batch of content that is suitable for reprocessing and creation. We will sort them out, supplement them with processing, and then compile them into a book specifically for this project."

"In addition, the importance of quality education is very important. The municipal government will specially allocate a sum of money to support the extracurricular education of primary and secondary school students in the Water Town Project. On one hand, it will subsidize the Water Town Project, and on the other hand, it will subsidize the education department and various schools. Since Wanying Real Estate has solved the problem of providing 300,000 students and teachers with free sightseeing every year, we will bear the cost of transportation for 300,000 people to and from the scenic spot every year, as well as at least one meal subsidy. We will set up a special fund for this, and it will be in place before the scenic spot opens."