Chapter 1559

When she heard that Li Mu's biggest demand for the whole of Britain turned out to be to run a football club and introduce some Huaxia football players to the English Premier League market, the Queen agreed almost without thinking and said, "Mr. Li, the issue of the work permit is just a trivial matter. Charles will help you solve it when the time comes. Although the Windsor family does not have much contact with politics, these problems can still be solved very easily."

With that, the Queen added, "In addition, from today onwards, the members of the Windsor family will be the fans of the Manchester City Football Club. After you officially accept the Manchester City Football Club, the members of the Windsor family will take turns to go to the Manchester City Football Club to cheer for this team as the fans of Manchester City. If it's convenient, I will also go to the stadium to cheer for your team."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Thank you so much. If even the royal family becomes a fan of Manchester City, then I think Manchester City will become the most popular team in Britain."

Although the words were somewhat complimentary, Li Mu's words were not exaggerated. After all, the British people loved the royal family from the bottom of their hearts, so they would pay special attention to the love and marriage of the royal family members. Even the birth of the royal family was watched by the whole country. This kind of mentality could easily lead to the mentality of loving the house and its crow. If the members of the royal family publicly stated that they were fans of the Manchester City Football Club, it would naturally bring a large number of fans to Manchester City. Even if they could not become fans, it would produce a certain degree of affection.

The Queen promised to bring in the entire royal family, which was a very satisfactory return for Li Mu. The Queen was very satisfied with the promise he made to William, and Li Mu was also very satisfied with the Queen's promise to himself. Both sides were satisfied with each other, which was the best tone for cooperation.

Subsequently, Li Mu, like a packaging master, developed a perfect Internet packaging route for William in front of the entire Windsor family.

He told William in front of all the members of the Windsor family, "What I can do for you next is generally divided into two aspects. The first is online publicity and promotion on the Internet, and the second is to combine with 3321 packaging."

Then, Li Mu added, "I started my career in the Internet industry, so I know more about the Internet. The route I've worked out for you is mainly based on the Internet. So, the first thing I've done for you is to increase the exposure of your Twitter account and increase the number of fans and audience."

Facing the Windsor family, Li Mu told them about his cooperation with Schwarzenegger. Although this was a kind of strategic secret of Li Mu and Makino Technology, the confidentiality level was not high. The Windsor family and Schwarzenegger were strategic partners, and this information could be disclosed equally.

When the members of the Windsor family understood the fan increasing algorithm formulated by Li Mu for Schwarzenegger, everyone's face was full of amazement. They never thought that the Internet could be played so exquisitely on the invisible and intangible backstage algorithm.

Every member of the Windsor family could be said to have received a very good education. They basically all studied at the top universities in the United Kingdom and all had high degrees. However, this did not mean that they really knew about the Internet.

In fact, the Internet was still a very new thing for these old aristocrats. They were still familiar with the logic that the Internet showed to users, but they had not come into contact with the set of algorithms that operated behind the Internet. Therefore, when they heard that everything could be manipulated so subtly, they really felt that a window to a new world had been opened in their hearts.

Li Mu went on to say, "Twitter will use the method of guiding Schwarzenegger to increase his fans. Through the algorithm, William's Twitter fans will be increased so that the number of William's fans will exceed the 10 million mark as soon as possible and continue to grow. The next breakthrough will be the 15 million mark, the 20 million mark, or even the 30 million mark."

Thirty million followers was almost half of the total number of British citizens. This number meant a lot to the Windsor family. They had already seen the information dissemination ability of Twitter. The more followers they had, the more influence they had. What they wanted most at the moment was influence.

Although the Queen was old, her mind was unusually clear. Although she did not know much about the Internet or Twitter, she still saw a problem more keenly than others. She asked Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, the base number of 30 million fans is too high. It is said that it is difficult to appeal to the public. What content should William post to cater to his fans?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and explained, "We have set a tone for William before. He wants to be an opinion leader in the field of education. Therefore, at least 40% to 50% of his Twitter content in the future should be related to education. Therefore, I hope that William can be on Twitter for a long time in the future to express some views and opinions on education issues in Britain that can cater to the public. He can point out that the cost of higher education in Britain is too high, that the enthusiasm of British young people for higher education is gradually cooling, or that he can oppose school bullying and oppose the over-centralization or over-decentralization of education resources. In short, as long as he can speak for the public and speak their minds, there will be no problem."

Speaking of this, Li Mu continued, "Since we want to make William an opinion leader, then we must make him an idol. Idols are generally divided into two levels, one is the main profession level, and the other is the lifestyle level. For example, a star in the entertainment industry. His main profession is films and TV series and singing, while his lifestyle level is his daily life, personal hobbies, family, emotional experience, and even where he goes, who he meets, what he eats, what he plays, and so on. Therefore, William's Twitter needs to show some of his personal life when he posts opinions on education."

"Personal life?"

William's father, Charles, asked curiously, "Does Mr. Li mean that William should also post a part of his life on Twitter every day?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Adding some elements of his daily life can shorten the distance between him and his fans and audience. It will make him appear more down to earth. Therefore, it is very necessary to post something in his life on Twitter every day. However, he must remember a high-voltage line that absolutely cannot be touched."

Everyone hurriedly asked, "What high-voltage line?"

Li Mu explained, "He must not flaunt his wealth online, let alone show off his aristocratic style online. In short, he must not take the initiative to distance himself from the people. For example, what he ate tonight can theoretically be shared with everyone. However, if it is a delicacy, then he must not post it. If it is an ordinary hamburger, a cheap steak, or a beer, then he must share it to make the people feel closer to William.

"Other than that, he can also share some music. However, he must not share any high-end symphonies. It must be popular music that is deeply loved by the people.

"He can also share some sports moments, but try not to share things like equestrian or golf. Instead, he can share sports that are for the masses like football, tennis, badminton, or even table tennis.

"It's also not a problem to share some travel notes, reading insights, and life insights. However, the principle remains the same. He must not distance himself from the people. You must share whatever the majority of people like."

William kept nodding as he listened. To him, these were things that he must pay attention to in order to increase his influence on the Internet in the future. He was more serious than anyone else, even wishing that he could record every word that Li Mu said.

Li Mu saw that he was especially serious and said to him, "I'll get Ziwei to sort it out later and send it to you in text form."

After saying that, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei in Mandarin in a low voice, "Did you remember everything I said just now?"

Li Ziwei nodded lightly. "Yes, I did."

Li Ziwei had a very good memory. This was also one of the main reasons why Lin Ching-ah had arranged for her to be her personal assistant. Usually, she would remember all ten things verbally. This was a very valuable ability of a personal assistant. Sometimes, when Li Mu was improvising, he might not remember what he said after he said it. However, as long as he had Li Ziwei by his side, he did not have to worry at all.

After that, Li Mu said to William and the other members of the royal family, "YY website will publish a news article later today, focusing on William's initiative to introduce 3321 to the United Kingdom. When the time comes, we will add a link to William's Twitter. Before that, William needs to start warming up on Twitter. It's best if you start warming up now."

"Start warming up now?" William hurriedly asked, "Mr. Lee, how should I do that?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You can first express your feelings about the heavy burden of university tuition fees in the United Kingdom. Try to be as colloquial as possible. Then ask your fans: What do you think, if 3321 were to be introduced in the United Kingdom, would it be able to alleviate the burden of university students to a certain extent?"

William nodded repeatedly and immediately said to a middle-aged man who looked like a butler, "James, please help me publish a Twitter post now."

The middle-aged man called James immediately took out a mini notebook and pen from his pocket and said in an especially serious tone, "Please speak, Prince William."

William said, "The more I think about it, the more I feel that the burden of university tuition fees in the United Kingdom is too heavy. Many young people are already carrying tens of thousands of pounds in student loans while they are still in university. Some even have to work multiple jobs in convenience stores or restaurants during their free time to maintain their studies. This reminds me of the 3321 that Mr. Li Mu founded in Hua Xia. What do you guys think, if 3321 were to be introduced in the United Kingdom, would it be able to effectively alleviate the burden of university students?"

After saying that, William asked Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, is that okay?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "There is a voting function on Twitter. When you publish this Twitter post, remember to add a voting option. There are only two options, YES or NO."

William was not very familiar with Twitter. Ever since his Twitter account was handed over to him by Makino Technology, James had been in charge of it. So he asked James, "Can you handle what Mr. Lee said?"