Chapter 1237

Wei Lan's suggestion made Li Mu suddenly see the light.

According to his own temper, since the White House wanted to stop him from meeting Kerry, then he would insist on meeting him and let his wishful thinking fall through. For no other reason, Li Mu did not want to let himself become a chess piece that others could control at will.

But just as Wei Lan had analyzed, if he really went against the White House, it might not be good for him. After all, even if he reached an agreement with Kerry, Kerry might not be 100% elected. Even if he could, from the time he was preparing for the election to the time he actually took office, the White House was still the manager of the country.

He was digging on someone else's territory. Even if he wasn't polite to the other party, it wouldn't be good for him. After all, the arm couldn't twist the thigh.

What's more, playing both sides was the ancient wisdom of Hua Xia's ancestors. For him now, it was the best choice.

According to Wei Lan, on the one hand, he could stabilize Kerry in private and give him hope. On the other hand, he could give the White House a push on the surface. If you want me to leave early, then I'll leave early. If you're satisfied, I'll be happy.

After making up his mind, Li Mu immediately found Li Ziwei and said to her, "Ziwei, go talk to the captain now. We'll take off at seven o 'clock on time. Also, get someone to my and Wei Lan's room to help us pack our luggage and send it to the airport for security. Then, talk to Kerry's contact person and say that I'll visit him directly in five minutes."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Then I'll do it now."

Li Mu looked at his watch and said to Wei Lan, "It's 4: 50 now. We'll go up together in five minutes and talk to him for fifteen minutes. Then we'll leave for the airport."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "A fifteen-minute chat … Chris must be very depressed. He came all the way here just to have a long talk with you, and in the end, you only gave him a break for exercises."

Li Mu said, "Isn't this your idea? I was impulsive and really wanted to talk to him all night."

Wei Lan said, "If you really annoy the White House, it won't be a good thing for you. If the White House says that your YY is suspected of stealing US user information and sends a bunch of people to investigate your YY, what will you do?"

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "I know, you're right. You're right."

…

Chris knew that Li Mu probably didn't really want to see him, otherwise he wouldn't have given him only an hour to see him. It should be known that he had flown over a distance of more than 3000 kilometers, and just the one-way flight time was about four and a half hours.

However, even if Li Mu didn't want to meet him, he had to give it a try. Even if he was snubbed, he had to try. After all, Li Mu's influence was too great. If he could get Li Mu's support, it would be of great help to his campaign next year. With such a powerful marketing resource like YY, he could save a lot of money on campaign expenses. If he could subtly influence the judgment of the American people, his chances of winning would definitely increase.

Based on this mentality, Kerry was prepared to be snubbed in front of Li Mu. Even if he was to meet with Li Mu later, he would subconsciously wait for Li Mu's call and then go to Li Mu's room to meet him.

Just as he was thinking about this, a staff member responsible for contacting Li Ziwei knocked on the door and came in. He said to Kerry excitedly, "Mr. Kerry, Li Mu said he'll see you in five minutes."

Kerry was stunned. When he recovered, he asked, "Li Mu is coming over?"

"Yes."

The staff member nodded and said, "He'll be here in five minutes. If it's not convenient for you at the moment, I can ask them to postpone it."

"No need!" Kerry hurriedly stood up and said, "Hurry up and reply that I'll be waiting for him at any time."

After the staff member left, Kerry's mood suddenly became excited. Li Mu took the initiative to visit his room. This was a very favorable sign!

Three minutes later, Li Mu and Wei Lan arrived at the door of Kerry's room. When Li Mu rang the doorbell, he thought it would be Kerry's accompanying staff member who opened the door. He didn't expect it to be Kerry himself.

The moment Kerry saw Li Mu, he extended his hand in a very gentlemanly manner and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr. Li Mu, it's nice to meet you!"

Li Mu had seen Kerry on TV many times before, but he didn't expect him to be so much more photogenic than on TV. He also had a great bearing and was much more handsome than the current president.

Li Mu shook hands with him and smiled politely, "It's my honor."

After that, Li Mu turned to introduce Wei Lan to him and said, "This is Wei Lan, my girlfriend."

Wei Lan didn't expect Li Mu to introduce her as his girlfriend so straightforwardly. She was a little flustered. She originally thought that Li Mu would never introduce her like this to others. She didn't expect him to introduce her like this to a presidential candidate. This was really unexpected.

Moreover, Wei Lan was instinctively a little worried. After all, her relationship with Li Mu couldn't be made public. Would Li Mu's words affect him?

Li Mu didn't have this worry. If Kerry was like an ordinary person who gossiped everywhere, then he wouldn't have reached his current position. Even if he didn't become the president in his previous life, he at least became the Secretary of State. Such a person had a very precise grasp of how to deal with the information he received.

Before coming here, Kerry had learned some information about Li Mu. In the party he was in, there was a detailed introduction about Li Mu. This included the girlfriend Su Yingxue, who Li Mu had publicly announced in Hua Xia. Kerry had also seen her photo and knew that she wasn't the same person as Wei Lan.

However, Kerry didn't feel too surprised about this. For a person like Li Mu, it was simply too easy for him to understand how many girlfriends he had, so there was nothing to fuss about. However, this released some positive signals: at least Li Mu was very honest with him.

So Kerry hurriedly invited the two of them into the room and sat down in the living room of the room. His staff had already prepared black tea. Kerry invited the two of them to sit down and personally poured tea for them.

After Li Mu sat down, he first said in a very apologetic tone and sincerely said, "Mr. Kerry, I'm really sorry. There's just news from the airport. Our plane is facing flow control, so we must take off at 7 o 'clock. Otherwise, it will be delayed for more than 24 hours. I'm also in a hurry to return to Hua Xia to deal with some important matters, so our original one-hour meeting time may be compressed to fifteen minutes."

As soon as Li Mu said this, Kerry immediately sensed the abnormality in it.

Li Mu might not understand the UA, but Kerry really knew it too well.

It was rare for the UA's civil aviation to have flow control. Now the weather in Los Angeles was sunny. There was no rain, snow, fog, and even the wind was very mild. The visibility was extremely high. What kind of flow control was there in such weather?

Moreover, the flow control was for 24 hours. This was even more impossible. If there was such a big thing, this kind of thing would have been on the news long ago.

Therefore, Kerry almost instantly guessed that this must be controlled by the White House.

Although he was very cautious when he came today, it seemed that he still couldn't hide it from the White House.

Kerry was a little annoyed. If the White House also came in to compete with him for Li Mu's resources, then it would be difficult for him to have a chance to persuade Li Mu to cooperate with him.

Moreover, from now on, Li Mu only had fifteen minutes. What can I explain in fifteen minutes?

I can't explain anything.

If I want Li Mu to support my campaign and use his resources to help me run, first of all, I have to explain my political position to Li Mu. Then, I have to tell Li Mu about my current campaign preparations, which states I have innate advantages in, and the approximate winning rate of my campaign. Then, I have to analyze the shortcomings of this White House with Li Mu, as well as my mode of operation and governing philosophy if I can enter the White House. If Li Mu is interested, I will give him a little more promises. If he agrees to help, I will give him what kind of returns after I succeed in the campaign.

This was an extremely informative job. It was impossible to achieve in fifteen minutes.

Kerry was also very clear that he definitely couldn't keep Li Mu. Since the White House had already made a move, and the airport said that it would be controlled for 24 hours, then it would be too difficult for him to control such a long time. If Li Mu talked to him for an hour, and the White House's people rushed over to talk to Li Mu tomorrow, what would happen?

Wouldn't I be making a wedding dress for others?

Kerry's expression couldn't help but be a little disappointed. It seemed that his wish to win by surprise this time had failed again.

However, the only thing that made Kerry feel a little relieved was Li Mu's apologetic attitude. Li Mu's current expression and tone were very sincere. It could be seen that he was really embarrassed. This also proved that he could still get some attention from Li Mu.

At this moment, Li Mu opened his mouth again and said, "Mr. Kerry, although the time for this interview has been shortened a lot, we can leave each other a contact number. A lot of things don't necessarily have to be discussed in person. Phone, email, or YY are all fine."

As he said this, Li Mu also intentionally or unintentionally added, "The security of phone and email is not very high. I will leave you a YY number. If there is anything more important, you can contact me on YY at any time. Text, voice, or video are all fine."

Kerry, who was originally full of disappointment, suddenly became spirited. With his political sensitivity, when he heard Li Mu's words, he instantly felt that the meaning expressed in these words was very ambiguous. Li Mu said that the security of phone and email is not high. Could it be that he knows what I want to talk to him about?

And he also indicated that I can contact him through YY. Does this mean that he really wants to have an in-depth discussion with me on this topic?

At this time, Li Mu struck while the iron was hot. "If Mr. Kerry has YY, it's best that you register a new number and add me with it."

This sentence was even more clear. Kerry suddenly came to a realization, and the haze from before was swept away. He nodded excitedly and said with a smile, "I understand, Mr. Li. Don't worry, I will definitely add you!"

Li Mu smiled profoundly and said, "Mr. Kerry, Hua Xia has a saying, 'the walls have ears'. To avoid unnecessary trouble, I think I shouldn't stay here for too long. Let's talk about all the serious matters on YY!"

Kerry nodded with understanding and said with a smile, "Alright, let's talk on YY."

Li Mu smiled slightly and looked at the time. He had just sat down for five minutes. If he ended his meeting with Kerry now, the White House would definitely be at ease.

Thus, Li Mu stood up and said to Kerry, "Mr. Kerry, I'm really sorry this time. I have to catch a flight, so I'll be leaving first!"