Chapter 1011

Li Mu did not expect that Boss Ma would not be satisfied even after digging out more than two hundred "tumors" that he had deliberately removed.

Li Mu had to admit that Boss Ma was indeed an extraordinary hero.

Such a person would never admit defeat, and his desire for success had exceeded the limits that ordinary people could imagine. Even if he was quenching his thirst with poison, he would drink until his stomach was full and his waist round.

Faced with more than two hundred Taobao sellers who had their shops shut down, Li Mu almost gave his own solution without hesitation. In fact, there was only one word: unblock them!

Unblocking them was an inevitable choice. Although it seemed that he was in the wrong and compromised with these more than two hundred sellers, in fact, Li Mu could not wait for these fake sellers to sell more. However, Li Mu was not ready to compromise so easily. The more straightforward the compromise, the less the other party would cherish it. Therefore, he must make the other party realize that success was not easy to come by, so they would pay more attention to it.

Soon, Makino Technology came forward and made the first statement to the more than two hundred Taobao sellers: Seller Taobao YY is a customized version of YY in cooperation between Makino Technology and Taobao. Since this customized version of YY is customized for Taobao, its actual management should also be in the hands of Taobao, and Makino Technology has no right to intervene.

Immediately after, Taobao also released a statement, the core content of which was the same as Makino Technology's statement. They believed that they had the absolute management of Seller Taobao YY, so they had the absolute right to ban these fake Taobao sellers.

More than two hundred Taobao sellers were blocked by Taobao and Makino Technology, and their arrogance was immediately suppressed. These sellers themselves were a vulnerable group, and they were not clear about the definition of the law. If the official clearly told them that Taobao had the right to ban their YY, they would suddenly become headless flies and lose the direction to continue to attack.

Lei Jianguo knew that Li Mu's original intention was to make it a little more difficult for these sellers to get back their YY numbers. However, he did not expect that after Li Mu and the two companies issued two statements one after the other, the sellers were directly silenced.

Lei Jianguo asked Li Mu, "Are our two statements a little too strong?

In this case, I am afraid it will be difficult for these sellers to find a new theoretical basis to ask us to unblock them. What if they give up?

We can't take the initiative to give in at that time, can we? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't know Boss Ma. These sellers can't find any flaws, but it doesn't mean that Boss Ma can't. Since he wants to improve the performance of Le Tao and let these more than two hundred sellers play a greater role, he will definitely find a way to help these more than two hundred people fight against us to the end."

As he said this, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "Why did the ancients say that a wife is not as good as a concubine, and a concubine is not as good as a mistress?

In fact, it is a kind of psychology. The easier it is to get something, the less one cherishes it. On the contrary, the harder it is to get it, the more one cherishes it. "

Cult Master Lei smiled and asked, "Then, what you mean is that we should let Boss Ma spend more effort. When he spends more effort and helps these two hundred sellers get the seller's YY, he will definitely try his best to let these sellers squeeze the value out of their seller's YY?"

"Yes."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Look at the methods of these sellers now. A joint appeal, a joint protest. Isn't this child's play?

Just from their way of doing things, we can see that they are just giving these sellers a suggestion. Le Tao and Boss Ma haven't really played a direct role yet. When Boss Ma secretly takes action, then we will announce the lifting of the ban. This way, Boss Ma can also be proud of himself. "

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "Then let's wait for their next move after this joint appeal fails."

Li Mu smiled and said, "With Boss Ma's character, he will definitely use more direct and professional methods to solve the problem. Let's wait and see. When these sellers take up legal weapons to defend their rights, it will prove that Boss Ma must have secretly taken action."

Lei Jianguo suddenly came to a realization and said with a smile, "That makes sense!

Although our statement is very strong, the legal support behind it is not clear. In fact, Makino Technology did not sign an online agreement with Taobao, which means that Taobao has already authorized all the management rights of the customized YY to Taobao. Even if we forge a letter of authorization, the legal theory is not clear enough, because YY is actually still operated by Makino Technology. This is even more unreasonable from a legal point of view. These ordinary sellers should not be aware of this layer, but Boss Ma must be able to see it. "

Li Mu snapped his fingers and said with a smile, "So we just have to wait patiently. When the other party's method of playing is upgraded, then we will take a step back and let Boss Ma find some joy in winning through us. This is what I owe him for so long …"

As he said this, Li Mu added, "Boss Lei, Liu Shixiong has been busy with logistics recently. A lot of the operations will depend on you, and you will have to do some of the dirty and tiring work yourself."

Lei Jianguo knew that Li Mu must have some hidden tricks, so he immediately nodded and said seriously, "Li Zong, just tell me."

Li Mu said, "I have a brother who has a very large and very controllable water army. When we unblock these sellers' YY accounts and these sellers start to operate in Le Tao, we will give them a wave of orders and let them enjoy the spring of e-commerce in advance."

"Buy orders?" Lei Jianguo asked in surprise, "Buy fake goods?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, buy fake goods. Increase the volume of fake goods in Le Tao. Boss Ma wants to drink poison to quench his thirst, right?

Then let him drink to his heart's content! "

Lei Jianguo shook his head and sighed. "If he knew that everything was a trap you dug for him, I'm afraid he would never want to touch the Internet again. He would never want to be your opponent again."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. "I'm doing this to help him. Boss Ma's ambition is actually not in the Internet."

"Really?" Lei Jianguo asked in surprise, "Are you familiar with him?"

Li Mu shook his head.

Lei Jianguo asked again, "Then how do you know that his ambition is not in the Internet?"

"I heard."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I heard that Boss Ma once told others that the happiest time in his life was when he was a teacher. Since that's the case, he might as well go back to being a teacher."

…

The two announcements from Makino Technology and Taobao really made these 200 sellers feel helpless. It was like ordinary people facing the government. Once the government blocked them in terms of rules, the former had no chance of breaking through.

Lu Zhaoxi immediately reported the failure of the "seller protest group" to Boss Ma. When Boss Ma saw the two announcements from Makino Technology and Taobao, he immediately saw the huge loophole.

Boss Ma sneered and said, "Li Mu's trick might be able to trick ordinary self-employed people, but it's impossible to trick me!

His explanation seems to be balanced, but in fact, it's bullsh * t!

YY is a product of Makino Technology. Makino Technology is actually operating and providing user services. It also uses Makino Technology's servers. How can it be actually operated by Taobao?

He actually dares to say it! "

Lu Zhaoxi nodded and said, "Li Mu has set up a dead end for the sellers. However, after careful consideration, it is indeed a bit irresponsible." Lu Zhaoxi said, "Boss Ma, what do you think we should do next?

Should we give these sellers a heads up? "

Boss Ma said, "It's useless to just remind them. If we want to solve this matter, we must first deprive Li Mu of the situation where he has the final say. Therefore, we must find a way to escalate the matter to the point where we need a strong third party to solve it. We must first get out of Li Mu's control."

Lu Zhaoxi asked, "Are we going to fight a lawsuit with Makino Technology?"

"Yes!"

Boss Ma said, "If we want to solve this problem, we must get the law enforcement agencies involved. However, this lawsuit cannot be fought by us. We must let these 200 sellers unite to fight against Makino Technology. We can give them directions, gather them together, and even find a lawyer to represent them, but we cannot do it."

Lu Zhaoxi immediately nodded and said, "I understand."

Boss Ma said again, "Actually, this problem is very easy to solve. Didn't Li Mu say that the actual management of Taobao seller YY is in the hands of Taobao?

Okay, after more than 200 sellers jointly sue in court, we must ask Makino Technology to produce actual evidence. Is there really such an authorization agreement, which clearly states that all the management rights of Taobao seller YY are in the hands of Taobao? In addition, an authorization agreement is far from enough. We must investigate and collect evidence to see who has actually been operating and managing Taobao seller YY for such a long time. If all the actual operations are still in the hands of Makino Technology, then his words will fall apart. Even if he falsifies an authorization agreement, it will be meaningless. "

Lu Zhaoxi smiled and said, "If more than 200 sellers really jointly sue Makino Technology, I believe that Li Mu will immediately admit defeat and reconcile. Because his Makino Technology is now at a critical stage of expanding overseas. If he suddenly becomes the target of more than 200 people, then the impact of this negative news can be big or small. It's not something he can control."

"That's right."

Boss Ma nodded slightly and said, "Let's take this opportunity to force him to compromise for the sake of the overall situation. As long as Makino Technology compromises, it will be easier for us to poach similar sellers in the future. It will also be easier for us to convert the previous customers of these sellers to our Le Tao!"