Chapter 1147

Before Lu Zhaoxi knocked on the door, Boss Ma was still in high spirits.

Boss Ma's heart was beating like a drum when Le Tao chose the Christmas event. He didn't know if Li Mu would jump out and attack Le Tao with an even more influential event like last time. Therefore, he had been watching Taobao's every move since midnight.

At midnight, Taobao didn't move.

At four o 'clock in the morning, Taobao didn't move.

At eight o 'clock in the morning, Taobao didn't move.

At noon, Taobao still didn't move.

At six o 'clock in the afternoon, the working day was almost over. Boss Ma still didn't see any Christmas promotion on Taobao.

Although Christmas was not a traditional festival in Hua Xia, it had become a holiday that all young people paid attention to, and it was also a good opportunity for many businesses to offer discounts and promotions. After Boss Ma chose this time, he was most worried that he would clash with Taobao. However, he didn't expect that Taobao wouldn't do anything even though his Christmas event had been online for almost a day.

Boss Ma finally heaved a sigh of relief. He had made the right move!

Just before Lu Zhaoxi entered, Boss Ma checked Le Tao's backend data. Today's transactions reached more than three hundred thousand. This result was beyond imagination. Moreover, it was only six o 'clock in the afternoon. There were still six hours left. If he worked hard tonight, he might be able to exceed five hundred thousand orders!

Boss Ma was so excited that he planned to get off work early and wait until 12 o 'clock to see the final results. He didn't expect Lu Zhaoxi to give him a head-on blow just as he was about to leave!

Why did the higher-ups suddenly announce the management rules for e-commerce?

Why was it so clear that they wanted to carry out a special campaign against online counterfeit sales?

Boss Ma had put in a lot of effort to save Le Tao from the brink of death. He had just gotten on the right track, and now the higher-ups wanted to take action?

Weren't they trying to force Le Tao to his death?

The furious Boss Ma roared with a livid face, "Fake goods are everywhere offline. Even if the higher-ups want to crack down on fake goods, they should at least start offline, right?!

Offline is the real production and sales chain. Online is just a sales channel. Why should they start online?

Wasn't that putting the cart before the horse?

Don't tell me that the offline counterfeiting factory will stop working after the online counterfeiting platform was established?! "

Seeing that Boss Ma was extremely angry, Lu Zhaoxi hurriedly reminded him, "Boss, I think this special rectification operation is a bit too obvious!"

Lu Zhaoxi deliberately emphasized the word "expert", and his expression was especially solemn.

"What do you mean?" Boss Ma frowned.

"I'm afraid that this crackdown is aimed at us …"

Boss Ma's heart sank!

What he was thinking just now was that he encountered policy intervention just as he was getting better. This was really a little too unlucky, but he never thought that the policy would be directed at him!

If it was the former, he would only be slightly affected at most. He would have to lay low for a period of time to get over the limelight, but if it was the latter …

Boss Ma stood up abruptly and said urgently, "Hurry up!

The website was shut down!

Clear the server! "

Dumbfounded, Lu Zhaoxi looked at Boss Ma and blurted out, "Boss, we'll suffer a great loss if we do this!

Don't forget that our campaign just started today. Isn't it a little too much to shut down the website and clear the server? "

Boss Ma said impatiently, "Don't think about it!

This matter must have something to do with Li Mu!

Otherwise, how could it be such a coincidence that Li Mu is holding a press conference with Spielberg in Shenzhen today, and as soon as our campaign went online today, the higher-ups immediately issued a document?

Li Mu is highly valued by the higher-ups. Now I'm wondering if we've gone a little too far! "

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma walked out from behind the desk and pulled Lu Zhaoxi out. "Hurry up, listen to me. Shut down the website first, then clear the relevant data in the server. More than 90% of our orders have problems. Hurry up and clear the server. Backup the relevant information and important data to the hard disk and take it away from the company for safekeeping!"

Lu Zhaoxi couldn't help but ask, "What about our follow-up campaign?!"

Boss Ma said, "Don't even think about the campaign. If nothing happens, we'll have wasted a sum of promotion fees. As long as the people are fine, it doesn't matter. However, if the higher-ups really pursue this matter, we might get into a lawsuit. Such a large amount of money is not a joke!"

Lu Zhaoxi had always felt that the boss was overreacting. At this time, seeing that the boss didn't seem to be joking at all, he couldn't help but feel a little nervous. If Boss Ma's worries came true, then Le Tao would probably be in a critical situation of life and death!

Moreover, the most important thing was that no one knew how serious the consequences of this matter would be. If they really stirred up a hornet's nest, what they had to worry about was not how much money they would lose, but whether the platform would survive, and whether everyone would be safe and sound!

Therefore, Lu Zhaoxi and Boss Ma quickly ordered the company's technical staff and key employees to shut down the website first, then clean up and transfer the key information, and get ready to deal with it.

Just as everyone was preparing to deal with this big problem, the company's door was suddenly pushed open. More than a dozen police officers in public security uniforms walked in first, followed by more than a dozen people in casual clothes. This scene shocked everyone in the room.

The sudden appearance of a large number of police officers made Boss Ma's heart sink. He never dreamed that his nest would be raided by more than a dozen police officers when the rectification operation had just started. More importantly, the other party came so quickly, and their motive was very obvious. They wanted to get rid of him, and he didn't even have a chance to delete the relevant server records.

The other employees were also dumbfounded. They didn't expect so many police officers and industrial and commercial officials to suddenly come to the company, and even a group of urban management. For an Internet company, this scene was indeed a little scary.

As soon as the police officers and industrial and commercial officials entered the room, the person in police uniform immediately ordered with a cold face, "I am Chen Dongyang, the director of the Economic Crime Investigation Department of the Hangzhou City Public Security Bureau. I am now following orders from the higher-ups to carry out investigation work. Everyone, please leave your computers immediately and stand still by one meter!

If you move too slowly or intentionally delay time, you will bear legal responsibility! "

Chen Dongyang's strict order made all the employees of Le Tao tremble in fear. When they saw the police officers, they felt a little guilty. Now that the police officers directly ordered them to leave their computers, or they would bear legal responsibility, these people didn't dare to delay anymore. They hurriedly stood up from their seats, retreated about one meter, and didn't dare to move anymore.

Seeing this scene, Boss Ma's heart sank. He knew that he must have made a big mistake this time. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the director of the Economic Investigation Department of the Municipal Public Security Bureau to personally lead the team.

Moreover, what made Boss Ma even more flustered was that the special rectification operation to crack down on e-commerce sales was ordered by the Yan Jing Economic and Trade Commission. However, as soon as the order was issued, the Hangzhou City Public Security Bureau responded so quickly and even came directly to him. Such high efficiency was enough to prove that either the Economic and Trade Commission had directly informed the Hangzhou City Public Security Bureau, or the Economic Investigation Department of the Municipal Public Security Bureau had been paying attention to him for a long time!

Boss Ma, who was extremely flustered, braced himself and walked in front of Chen Dongyang. He tentatively asked, "Director Chen, is there any misunderstanding about what happened today?"

"Misunderstanding?"

Chen Dongyang frowned and said, "We have been closely watching every move of Le Tao for a long time. Don't you know whether there is a misunderstanding or not?"

Boss Ma hurriedly said, "We have always adhered to the principle of fairness, justice, and legality. It is impossible for there to be any violation of the law. Even if there is, I promise that I will solve the problem as soon as possible."

Chen Dongyang looked at the nervous Boss Ma with great interest. He playfully smiled and said, "Boss Ma, right?

Save your breath, we're not three-year-old kids. We've already figured everything out before we came here. Our colleagues have already rushed to seal off your computer room. You can't hide what you're doing now from us. I'm here today mainly to sort out your employees who are responsible. Also, I need you to come with us to assist in the investigation! "

At the mention of closing down the computer room, Boss Ma's heart suddenly sank to the bottom. Generally speaking, the incident that could make the police close down the computer room must be very influential or the case itself was very big. This was not an ordinary warning. They were trying to catch all of them in one fell swoop!

At this time, Chen Dongyang called a young man who was less than 30 years old from behind and whispered to him, "Find the person in charge of the technical department and find out all their recent transaction data."

The young man immediately nodded and said to Chen Dongyang, "Don't worry, Director Chen. I understand!"

Then, the young man immediately led a few technicians and began to familiarize and monitor Taobao's server.

After Chen Dongyang gave the order, he looked at Boss Ma and said, "Today, I'm afraid your company's employees will have to make a trip to our municipal bureau. But you don't have to worry. Most of the employees will just cooperate with our investigation. If it is confirmed that no one participated in illegal activities, then everyone will soon regain their freedom. If it is confirmed that everyone has committed certain illegal activities, then we will also divide the responsibility according to the degree of participation. At that time, only a small number of employees may be held responsible."

Chen Dongyang's words were like a bolt from the blue, bringing an unimaginable huge blow to Boss Ma. At this moment, Boss Ma was extremely regretful. He never dreamed that the higher-ups would immediately do it without giving him any leeway. Now that his server was closed down, the police would soon find the relevant person in charge and ask for the server and the account password of the management platform. At that time, all the problems would be completely exposed in front of the police, including the fact that he encouraged the platform to sell fake goods, and even took the initiative to cooperate with those counterfeiters to increase the turnover efficiency of those counterfeiters …