Chapter 32

Li Mu knew that since this fight had caused a classmate to be injured and hospitalized in his previous life, it meant that he could not stop these drunk bastards behind him if they went crazy.

Moreover, Li Mu did not intend to stop the fight. He had already removed the knife from the other party, so he had a crushing advantage. In this case, he might as well teach these gangsters a good lesson and fight to his heart's content!

As for Li Mu saying that whoever fought back would break his arm, it was also for the gangsters to hear. After hearing this sentence, they probably did not dare to fight back.

As long as adrenaline was properly guided, it could explode with extraordinary lethality. The fighting spirit of the 20 to 30 boys was aroused by Li Mu's words, and they rushed up at once. It was almost four or five against one. The other party was only in his early twenties, so it was impossible for him to fight one against five. Soon, they were all beaten to the ground by the chaotic punches and kicks.

Several girls in the class were frightened. The scene of students from Haizhou High School fighting was rarer than a meteor shower. For a moment, the girls were at a loss and looked at Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue was the most assertive and had a maturity that surpassed her peers. If she had not refused, she would have been the class monitor for three years in high school.

"Yingxue, what should we do now?" The deputy class monitor was so flustered that he could not even speak properly.

Su Yingxue looked at the chaotic fighting crowd and found Li Mu's figure. The bad boy was holding a toilet mop and taking turns to poke the gangsters who had been beaten to the ground.

Su Yingxue, who did not know whether to laugh or cry, suddenly relaxed. In any case, the situation was completely under the control of Li Mu and the boys in the class. In this case, it was not her turn to be anxious.

"Let's wait and see." Su Yingxue's tone was calm, which surprised the girls around her.

However, the other girls quickly came to their senses. In this one-sided situation, there was really no need to worry too much.

Twenty to thirty gangsters against five. The gangsters were beaten black and blue, wailing and covered with handprints and footprints. Li Mu mixed in the crowd and kicked them, but he still felt that it was not enough. He shouted in the crowd, "Tear off the clothes of these bastards!"

Gangsters all loved face. Even if they couldn't earn a dime, they still wanted to save face. They could be beaten, but they couldn't admit defeat. Therefore, these guys had guts. They didn't beg for mercy even when they were injured all over. But when a group of drunk high school students suddenly wanted to tear their clothes, they couldn't bear it anymore.

They didn't wear much in the summer, so Li Mu's classmates swarmed up and tore at their clothes. Soon, their T-shirts and pants were torn into rags. Soon, they were left with only a pair of underwear. But the classmates still didn't feel satisfied, and they all wanted to tear off their underwear as well!

"Big brothers …"

The gangster who was holding the butterfly knife in his hand was completely terrified. He covered his crotch and shouted, "I was wrong, I was wrong, please don't tear it!"

Sure enough, Hu Ling's eyes were red. He pointed at the boy's underwear and shouted to the students around him, "Damn it, he's so small. I want to see how many balls grow in his crotch. Tear him!"

Like tigers and wolves, the youths swarmed over. Only a series of ripping sounds could be heard, and the underpants of these fellows were actually ripped off.

It was not shameful for hooligans to be beaten when they went out, but to be stripped of their clothes and even their underwear was really shameful. These guys had been in the underworld for a long time, but it was the first time they had encountered such beastly high school students. The physical pain and psychological humiliation quickly destroyed their willpower. It was unknown who was the first to sob, but then the guys who were like naked pigs all began to cry.

At this time, the person in charge of the KTV rushed over with a group of security guards. When he saw the situation getting out of control, he immediately could not sit still. He came forward with the security guards to stop the fight. However, there were only seven or eight people in charge of the KTV and the security guards. It was really not easy to pull these dozens of crazy guys away.

"All of you, stop fighting. If you keep fighting, we will call the police!" A young National People's Congress member in a cheap suit shouted.

He was the lobby manager of this KTV. Although he was called the lobby manager, he was actually in charge of the place. He was also a typical young man from the underworld.

Li Mu was a little angry when he saw this guy's attitude. Just now, these gangsters had beaten up his classmates, but these people did not come to stop them. His classmates ran back to call for help, and then they came with everyone. The people in the KTV did not show up either. Now that they came to stop the fight, they probably knew these gangsters.

Sure enough, the guy with the butterfly knife covered his crotch with both hands and cried, "Brother Jun, hurry up and pull them away!"

Li Mu once again guided his group of classmates, "Don't worry about this guy. Continue fighting. If he has the guts, come over here!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu kicked the gangster with the knife in his crotch and used his heel to smash his front teeth. Immediately, the sound of teeth breaking was heard.

When the person in charge of the KTV saw that no one was paying attention to him, he quickly sent someone to call the police. With so many guests watching, he could not bring people to fight. Otherwise, the boss would fight with him.

Generally, this kind of place was inextricably linked to the police system, so within a few minutes, more than a dozen policemen and defense officers rushed in.

The KTV was located in the center of Haizhou, under the jurisdiction of the Jianshe Road Police Station. This time, the team was led by the deputy director of the Jianshe Road Police Station, Geng Biao, who was on night duty.

The entire police station, from the director to the policemen and defense officers, had benefited from the KTV boss. So when Geng Biao heard that something happened here, he immediately led the team over.

"Director Geng."

When the KTV lobby manager saw Geng Biao, he hurried forward and said, "These high school students drank too much and are causing trouble here …"

Geng Biao sneered, "Causing trouble, good!

Take them back to the station and call their parents to come and pay the fine! "

In this day and age, the police station usually dealt with fights like this. If it was not a big deal, they would arrest them all and wait for the other party to find someone to pay the fine.

Then, Geng Biao said to the policemen and defense officers who were holding rubber rods, "Hurry up and handcuff them!"

"Yes!"

A group of people were about to rush toward Li Mu, but Su Yingxue suddenly walked in front of Geng Biao and said with a blank expression, "Uncle Geng, these are my classmates. The other party hit me first and even used a knife. My classmates were just defending themselves. So many of us can testify."

When the lobby manager saw Su Yingxue, a girl, running out to speak, he immediately sneered and said, "Little girl, you need evidence to speak. It's clear at a glance who hit who, you …"

"Shut up!"

The lobby manager looked at Geng Biao, stunned. He didn't know why he suddenly got angry at him.

It was impossible for Geng Biao not to know Su Yingxue. He knew that this girl was the apple of the eyes of Su Weimin, the deputy director of the municipal bureau. Although he was no longer in the municipal bureau, he also enjoyed the benefits of housing allocation. He lived in the same community as Su Weimin and could often see Su Yingxue.

Su Weimin was one of the three deputy directors of the municipal bureau and also a member of the bureau's party committee. His position in the municipal bureau was second only to the director and the deputy director who was also the deputy secretary of the party committee.

At the end of this year, the director of the municipal bureau would be working in the provincial bureau. As the third in command, Su Weimin and the second in command, Li Jiawei, were wrestling. It was certain that one of them would be promoted to the director. Although Su Weimin was not the first in line to be the director, he was nearly ten years younger than Li Jiawei and had a bright political future.

For Geng Biao, Su Weimin was a person he couldn't curry favor with even if he wanted to. How could he dare to side with the KTV people in front of his daughter?

The little girl said it casually when she went home, and he had enough.

Therefore, Geng Biao immediately changed his attitude, "First, pull them away, ask what's going on, and arrest the gangsters who are causing trouble!

They dare to use a knife in a public place. I think they don't want to live! "

The lobby manager of the KTV was also a smart person. When he saw Geng Biao's change of attitude, he immediately realized that the girl's identity might not be ordinary. He hid to the side and no longer intervened.