Chapter 1805

The song "Set the Fire To The Rain" itself was an extremely high-quality song. Even if Du Wei's voice conditions were not as high as Adele's, she had enough strength to make this song reach about 90% of the original song.

When these big shots in the music field in the recording studio heard this song for the first time and learned that this song turned out to be "composed" by Li Mu, each and every one of them was in awe.

Sometimes, this thing called talent would really make many people in the art industry sigh endlessly.

Some people in Europe and the United States could create several albums by themselves in their twenties. The highest album sales were tens of millions, the cumulative sales exceeded 100 million, and they won Grammy's many times, such as Adele;

There were also people in East Asia who could win Asian music awards in their twenties and steadily sell more than a million albums, such as Jay Chou.

But some people worked diligently for a lifetime, writing many songs and releasing many albums, but they could not win a single award, and it was even difficult for their album sales to exceed 100,000 copies.

And Li Mu's main business was a billionaire, holding a guitar as a hobby, but he could actually write such a song that professionals would worship. It was really shocking and shameful at the same time.

At the same time, these big shots in the domestic music industry were also extremely envious of Du Wei.

In Hua Xia's music industry, where the speed of innovation was relatively slow, a good song could be popular for several years, even more than ten years, or even decades.

And not long after Du Wei debuted, every song could be called a classic.

Until now, she had only sung one Cantonese song, "Next Stop Heavenly Queen". After such a long time, this song was still in the top five of Hong Kong's pop music chart.

Now, "21 Guns" won many countries and regions in Europe and the United States.

This was really an unprecedented height for Chinese singers.

Even Coco and Li Wen did not achieve such an impressive result on the charts.

Just these few songs alone were enough for Du Wei to eat for a long time.

There was even a negative case. There was a singer in Taiwan who had a very good voice, named Lin Zhixuan. This guy was very famous on both sides of the Taiwan Strait, but the number of really good songs could be counted with one hand.

Why was it so bad?

There were no good resources.

If big shots in the Chinese music industry like Lin Xi, Woo Lecheng, and Huang Zhan wrote a few good songs for him, his status in the music industry would rise a lot.

Therefore, it could be seen that as long as a singer had a good song, there was no need to worry about not becoming popular.

Compared to Lin Zhixuan, there was another teaching material that was completely opposite to him. Back then, Zhao Chuan's physical conditions were so poor, but with Li Gongsheng feeding him with good songs, he was once popular all over the country. When it came to truly good songs, Zhao Chuan was miles ahead of Lin Zhixuan.

There was no need to mention singers like Zhang Xueyou, Chen Yixun, and Wang Fei, who had an explosive amount of good songs. They could practically stay popular for ten or twenty years.

However, this kind of popularity could only cover the Chinese market and a small part of the overseas Asian market. It was almost impossible to cover the European and American markets.

European and American pop music had a crushing advantage over the entire Asia and even the entire world. Coupled with the natural language barrier, it was difficult for music from other continents to really penetrate Europe and the United States.

However, Du Wei only used one song to break into the European and American markets.

The popularity of 21 Guns had not subsided in the slightest, and Du Wei had obtained another godly song. If it was paired with the movie Flying Tigers for publicity, 21 Guns would probably be pushed out of the first place by this song.

Without this movie, without Li Mu adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes, without these two songs, no matter how good a Chinese singer's resources were, it would be impossible to achieve such brilliant results in Europe and the United States.

At the end of the day, the resources of these two good songs were the most important.

Du Wei was also amazed by this song.

She even felt that this was the best song that Li Mu had given her.

The style of the song was beautiful and majestic. It was completely different from the stylized chord routine of most pop music. It could be said to be shocking!

Therefore, in the recording studio, in order to sing this song well, she also tried her best.

When Du Wei sang the song in its entirety for the first time, everyone, including Li Mu, was completely shocked by her.

It was already shocking enough to be able to reach%. After all, in so many years of pop music, there was only one Adele.

After Du Wei finished singing, she came out of the recording studio. There were so many teachers and staff outside, but she only had eyes for Li Mu. She went straight to Li Mu and asked nervously, "Big Brother Li Mu, was what I sang just now okay?"

Li Mu couldn't help but give a thumbs up. "Very good!

As expected of a professional background, your singing is impeccable! "

It was not that Li Mu could praise her, but that she was really good!

After the Chinese music industry began to become popular, it fell into a strange circle.

The more popular the singer, the less professional he was; the more professional he was, the less popular he was.

There were even many actors who could casually sing a few lines and leave professional singers behind on the major charts.

Li Mu also analyzed this reason. He felt that it should be because people who were trained in a professional class were more arrogant. First, they were unwilling to compromise too much for the market, and second, they were unwilling to compromise too much for resources.

If they compromised for the market, they would sing a salient song. A song "Mice Love Rice" could become the Mount Everest of Chinese music.

If they compromised for resources, they would go to a rich man. Even if they sang a song that no one could remember the name of, they could still get a grand slam and get great exposure.

However, most of the people who were trained in a professional class and had really studied music for a few years or even more than a decade and loved music respected music, so they were not willing to trample on music itself for fame and fortune. In the end, it was difficult for them to become popular.

Du Wei was an excellent singer who was trained in a professional class, but Li Mu had never heard of such a person in the Chinese music industry in his previous life.

It was highly likely that Du Wei had not entered this circle at all after graduating from college.

When Du Wei heard Li Mu's praise, she was very happy. She blinked and smiled, "I'll take a break for a while and try again later to see if I can sing better."

Li Mu nodded and said, "You performed so steadily. Today is only the second day. I think this song should be recorded today."

Du Wei said, "Thank you for giving me such a good song. I really never dreamed that I could have the opportunity to sing such a magnificent song."

Li Mu asked her, "So you mean that the songs I gave you before were not magnificent enough?"

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and hurriedly explained, "It's not that they were not magnificent enough, but they were not as magnificent as this one."

"Extraordinary magnificent …" Li Mu could not help but smile. "I learned a new rhetoric today."

Du Wei's index fingers pulled down her eyelids and made a face. Then she said, "Then I'll change my rhetoric. I think this song is already a pop song. It's the Mount Everest of the magnificent."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Mount Everest definitely can't compare."

As he said this, Li Mu said again, "By the way, I have another song. Do you want to try it?"

Du Wei asked in surprise, "Now?"

"Yes." Li Mu said, "I'll bring the guitar over and sing it for you."

As he said this, Li Mu found the guitarist in the recording studio and asked for an acoustic guitar.

Then, he picked up the guitar and scratched the strings with a hard pick. With the slight control of his palm, he played the simplest and most classic prelude.

This song was Adele's Mount Everest level song, "Rolling In The Deep".

Ten years later, at least half of the world's population had heard this song.

The album with this song as the main lead sold 32 million copies worldwide and was the highest-selling recording artist album of the 21st century.

This song was number one on the music charts all over the world for several weeks in a row, and it even won several annual championships.

This song was not only Adele's Mount Everest, but also the Mount Everest of pop music in the 21st century.

Li Mu's voice was relatively deep, so when he sang this song, he did not have Adele's aura, but the melody was very accurate.

When he sang this song, everyone's attention was attracted by his voice and the guitar he was holding.

In the first verse, Du Wei was completely immersed.

The big shots were also a little confused. What was going on? This song seemed to be very powerful.

They continued to listen.

In the second verse, well, the more they listened, the more they felt that it was really awesome.

Then, they suddenly entered the chorus.

The explosive feeling instantly skyrocketed several times, even dozens of times.

"Wecouldhavehadit in the deep …"

Zhang Yadong, who was in charge of the production of many heavenly kings and queens' albums, pulled the guitarist Li Yanliang over and leaned half of his body on him. He said in a low voice, "Liangzi, let me lean on you. This song is a little heady …"

Li Yanliang did not dare to say that he was the most skilled guitarist in the country, but he was definitely the best recording guitarist. Looking closely at the albums and concerts of the top singers in the country, he was basically the lead guitarist.

This old gun rubbed his temples at this time and said, "You're the one who's a little heady?

I'm almost f * cking getting alcohol poisoning … "

Li Mu did not finish the song. He only sang the main song and the chorus once, then put down the guitar and asked Du Wei, "What do you think?"

Du Wei's eyes were full of worship. She looked at him without blinking and said, "I think it's great … It's reached an unprecedented height …"

Li Yanliang, who was outside, said to Zhang Yadong, "Yadong, this song is too f * cking awesome. It's just a guitar, how can it feel so awesome?

The last time I recorded an album for a female singer, there were four guitarists, four wind musicians, eight string musicians, and three percussionists. Do you know who they were?

Teacher Liu Xiaosong, Teacher Mo Jigue, and an African drummer who settled in Yanjing. That lineup was really awesome, but the effect was really not flattering. Plus, the song was average, and the singer's singing was average. It gave me a feeling that it was neither fish nor fowl. Look at her, she really can take on an entire army … "

Zhang Yadong patted him, his eyes full of envy and said, "This is talent, there's no other way …"

Li Yanliang said, "If this song had a more detailed arrangement, with Du Wei's voice, it would definitely have exploded!

When it came to the chorus, the recording studio could be overturned! "

Zhang Yadong said seriously, "Remember this moment, Liangzi. This song is probably the peak of our career!"