Chapter 411

The prelude of the orchestral music sounded. Before Du Wei even started singing, it had already set a majestic tone for the song.

The string music gradually entered, and in just a few seconds, it set off an undulating climax. Then, it immediately quieted down. Following that, Du Wei's ethereal and sweet voice could be heard.

"When the petals leave the flower

The fragrance remains

The fragrance fades after the wind and rain

No one comes to smell …

If love tells me to go on

I will fight to the end of love

If my heart dies in brilliance

Love will be reborn in the ashes

Unforgettable, lingering whispers

Use your smile to mourn for me

Let my heart die in brilliance

Let love be reborn in the ashes

Fire burns the green grass

Look, it's another year of spring … "

The lyrics were concise, grand, and a little sad, but more about the determination of love. Coupled with Du Wei's voice, it was easy to resonate with people.

Su Yingxue had read the lyrics in advance and liked it very much. Although the lyrics had already amazed her, she was amazed again after hearing the song for the first time.

At the end of the song, Su Yingxue's eyes were a little red. She always felt that the song carried some kind of touching emotion, and as the song was sung, the emotion became deeper and deeper.

After listening to this version, Li Mu was also quite touched. After carefully listening to it for a long time, he said to Chen Yadi, "Old Chen, in my opinion, this version is fine. There's no need to do post-production. This version is too real, and it feels very good."

Chen Yadi nodded, "I think so too. This makes it more real. What do you think, Miss Du?"

Du Wei smiled shyly and said, "I don't have any objections. I'm very satisfied with this!"

Li Mu asked Su Yingxue, "What do you think?"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I don't understand these things, but this song is really very good. I think it's already impeccable."

Li Mu said, "Okay, this is it!

Old Chen, help me send this version to Xiaowei's sister first. "

Dufy had been clamoring to listen to the song as soon as possible, so Li Mu asked Chen Yadi to send the song to her as soon as possible.

After Chen Yadi sent the email and copied the source files onto a CD, Li Mu treated everyone to a meal. Since the car had been given to Zhao Kang, he and Su Yingxue took a taxi after the meal and sent Du Wei home first. Then, he and Su Yingxue returned to school together.

Before sending Su Yingxue back to her dorm, the two of them held hands and walked around the campus for nearly half an hour. Like other couples, they hugged and kissed in a secluded place to increase the intimacy between them.

Seeing that the dorm was about to close, Li Mu watched Su Yingxue enter the dorm building. Then, he turned around and walked back to his dorm building. On the way, he received an overseas call from Dufy, who was far away in America.

The first thing she said was, "Li Mu, you're really too awesome!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Are you talking about 'Hidden Fragrance'?"

"Yes!" Dufy said excitedly, "I almost cried after listening to it!"

Li Mu looked at the time and said, "It should be around ten in the morning in New York. You should be working now, right?"

"Yes." Dufy said, "I just came out of the meeting and secretly listened to it. It was really great!

Thank you! "

Li Mu said, "Big sister, if you really want to thank me, then hurry up and help me register the company."

Dufy said, "Don't worry about this. I have already asked a friend to help me do it. The procedures for doing a field operation are slightly more complicated, but it won't take too long. I have asked him to help you hire a professional to help you with the registration. It will definitely be done in April."

Li Mu was relieved and said, "When the time comes, help me find a suitable part-time manager. I have a use for him."

"No problem."

Dufy agreed very readily and said, "I will definitely help you with this matter properly."

After successfully registering the company in America, Li Mu prepared to buy the Facebook domain name. Facebook-related domain names, such as the facebook, that facebook, facebooks, and so on, had already been registered by Li Mu through the World Wide Web in China. After he bought the Facebook domain name, most of the possibilities of this phrase in the domain name would basically be monopolized by him. At that time, that Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg would definitely look for him. This was the footsteps of history. There was no doubt about it.

…

Du Wei's "Hidden Fragrance" had become popular.

Previously, the moment Du Wei's voice was played on the monitor speaker in the recording studio, everyone present firmly believed that this song would definitely become popular.

There were no surprises. As soon as this song was released on the Yi Ting website, it quickly climbed to the first place on the Yi Ting hot list. The index was more than five times higher than the second place.

The netizens were not stingy with their comments about this song.

Someone said, "Du Wei has shown me a different side of her. Her voice is really great. Three songs, three different feelings, but she sang them all with her own flavor. It's really amazing!"

Someone said, "A girl like Du Wei's age, who is so beautiful and has such a good voice, I think she is the only one in the country!

If she officially debuts, she will definitely become a top female singer! "

Someone else said, "It's best for Du Wei not to rush to debut now. Just like now, it's good to release a song occasionally!

She is one of the few academic singers in the domestic music industry. Her professionalism is much better than those singers who come from an unorthodox background. If she can patiently finish her studies at the Music Academy, I believe that by then, her strength will be even greater! "

As the lyricist of this song was still named Mu Zi, the "stage name" Li Mu was also sought after by many netizens.

"Teacher Mu Zi is really amazing and too mysterious. Although he doesn't write many songs, every one of them can be called a classic!"

"Teacher Mu Zi's debut is actually very short. 'Zebra Zebra', 'When You're Old', 'In My Voice', 'Hidden Fragrance', these five songs are actually very good. This kind of stable and high-quality lyricist is definitely top-notch!"

"You guys have forgotten, Teacher Mu Zi's voice is also very good!

His own 'Zebra Zebra' and 'When You're Old' are songs that I can't bear to delete from my MP3 player. You have to know that my MP3 player can only store about ten songs!

Now there's another song by Du Wei, 'Hidden Fragrance'. It seems that I have to save money to buy a 64 megabyte MP3 player. It's best if I can buy a 128 megabyte MP3 player in one go. In that case, I can store at least thirty to forty songs … "

After the song 'Hidden Fragrance' was released, not only did it have a good reputation, but its data feedback was also very much in line with Li Mu's previous judgment of the industry.

The speed of the growth of the number of downloads set a new record. The increase in the number of downloads indicated that the number of terminals that could play MP3 was also constantly increasing. At present, the popular MP3 player equipment was either a computer or an MP3 player. Obviously, the latter cost was lower, and the speed of popularization would be faster.

Li Mu went online to check, but he did not find the recent sales data of MP3 players. However, on Zhongguancun Online, the types of MP3 players had increased significantly.

At present, the prices of the big brands like Samsung, JNC, and MSC were more expensive than Li Mu expected. The cheaper ones now were the 32 megabyte MP3 players, and the price was within 300 to 400 yuan. The 64 megabyte ones cost at least 500 yuan, and the 128 megabyte ones cost almost 1,000 yuan. If it was an MP3 player with an LCD screen that could display Chinese song information, the price would be higher.

However, now that Huaqi, Haier, Lenovo, Fangzheng, and Adele had started to release related products, the price of MP3 players should not be far away.

Li Mu felt that he could start preparing to disrupt the MP3 player market. This would not only be the driving force for the rise of Easy Listening website, but it would also be a magic weapon for Taobao. This was very important to his next plan.

With the rise of Easy Listening website, he could start to cash out his Easy Listening shares in batches and exchange them for a large amount of cash. If Taobao could start selling Easy Listening MP3 players in large quantities, it would definitely attract the attention of countless manufacturers, distributors, and even small merchants. This platform could quickly attract a large number of sellers. Only with a large number of shops, users could really develop the habit of shopping online.

Therefore, the small MP3 player carried the rapid rise of the e-commerce empire planned by Li Mu. It was extremely important.

If Feng Yu wants to be the first in this era's hardware market, he must focus on two factors. Industrial design and price.

If Feng Yu invested tens of millions of funds and customized 100,000 units, his OEM cost should not be much higher than other manufacturers. Also, Feng Yu will be selling his MP3 players on Taobao in the future. This way, he can save a lot of money compared to the current hardware manufacturers. For manufacturers like Lenovo, the channel cost is very high in this era, and there are too many middlemen. This is also the reason why hardware prices are so high.

China's MP3 player market is divided into three tiers. The highest tier is almost completely monopolized by Korean brands. The middle tier is dominated by a few well-known brands in China. The low tier is dominated by some counterfeit OEM players, and the brands do not have much influence.

Li Mu has the ability to compete with these three tiers in price. But if he wants to shake the position of Korean brands, he must have a strong industrial design to win.

Not all consumers only care about money. They also care about a product's exterior design and user experience.

Li Mu felt he must find a design company to design his MP3 player's exterior and functions. After that, he will look for a reliable OEM. He does not need to wait for Taobao to launch his MP3 player, and he can start customizing it before Taobao goes online.

So, Li Mu starts to think about his MP3 player's exterior design.

The first thing he thought of is the Moonlight Jewel Box series, which is not in the market yet. This series is considered a classic product in China's early MP3 market. But when he thought about it, it is a little ugly. Some of the designs look like mini massagers from 2016's perspective.

The second thing he thought of is the more traditional cuboid machine. Many brands of these machines had appeared before, and it is difficult to make it unique.

Li Mu also thought of Sony's S700. That classic button controller had been popular for a period of time in the past.

However, after thinking about it, Li Mu realized what he really likes is the iPod. But the iPod is already out of its first generation, and Li Mu is more inclined to use the iPod Nano design.

The Nano was a slender and thin strip with a flat oval cross-section design. It looked good and felt good. Due to cost considerations, there was no way to install a color LCD screen at the moment. However, it did not matter. They could use the most common monochrome screen and enlarge the screen so that they could display more content, song lists, and even lyrics. Then, they could design a disc-shaped control button at the bottom, an MP3 jack at the top, a data jack at the bottom, and a cable hole at the upper right corner. Basically, it would be OK.

However, Li Mu can only think of a rough idea in his mind. He still needs a professional designer to come up with a solution.

Li Mu called Fang Xudong, and Fang Xudong confirmed that he will be leaving in early April, and he will be back in China in late April. Fang Xudong has started to write the backend structure of Taobao, and according to him, it is going smoothly.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to look for Liu Shixiong to register the company first, and then let him build an operations team as soon as possible. As for the backend of Taobao, Li Mu can hand it over to his R&D center to develop it. This should not be a problem.

Ever since Liu Shixiong made an appointment with Li Mu to start an e-commerce business together, he has been waiting for Li Mu's news. Not long after the New Year, he sold all his storefronts, and now he is reading e-commerce related books at home every day.

Ever since he sold all his storefronts and left the Zhongguancun Electronics Building, the relationship between Liu Shixiong and his girlfriend, Gong Xiaojing, had improved a lot. In the past, Gong Xiaojing and her family looked down on his status as a peddler. Now, although he squatted at home all day and did not have a job, Gong Xiaojing was still full of hope for him. This is because she witnessed the agreement between Li Mu and Liu Shixiong. Li Mu's Makino Technology is now so strong that even Gong Xiaojing's family was shocked. When they learned that Liu Shixiong wanted to cooperate with him, her family's attitude towards Liu Shixiong immediately changed dramatically.

Gong Xiaojing's family even said this in private. If Liu Shixiong really opened a company with Li Mu, and as Li Mu said, Liu Shixiong would invest 10% and hold 20% of the shares, then Gong Xiaojing and Liu Shixiong could prepare for marriage.

Gong Xiaojing conveyed her family's message to Liu Shixiong. Because of this, Liu Shixiong had been waiting for Li Mu's call during this period of time. It could be said that the flowers had withered.

However, Liu Shixiong was also very patient. He knew that Li Mu was a busy person, and it was meaningless to urge him. Instead, it might backfire. Therefore, he had been suppressing his anxiety, waiting for Li Mu to contact him.

When Li Mu's name appeared on his mobile phone screen, Liu Shixiong grabbed the phone excitedly and quickly pressed the answer button.

"Hello, Li Mu."

Liu Shixiong tried to keep his voice calm.

Li Mu smiled and said on the phone, "Senior Brother, what have you been busy with recently?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I haven't been busy with anything. The store has been transferred. I've been reading at home every day, looking at e-commerce related books."