Chapter 143

After the meal, Li Mu and Dong Ai bade farewell to Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah and took a taxi back to school. On the way, Li Mu received a message from Kong Lingyu: "Boss, about the options, how should I tell Lin Ching-ah?"

Li Mu thought for a while. He hadn't told Kong Lingyu about the 3% options he was going to give to him, so he might as well tell him today.

Kong Lingyu took a taxi to send Lin Ching-ah home first. Just as he sent Lin Ching-ah to her place, he received a message from Li Mu.

"After the company is incorporated, you will have 3% of the company's options. You can cash it out after the B series. You are allowed to cash it out every year. If Lin Ching-ah joins the company this month and meets her salary requirement of 7K, she can get 1% of the options. She will receive the same treatment as you when she cashes it out."

Kong Lingyu stared at his phone, trembling with excitement.

3% of the options was more than three times his expectation. The current valuation had already reached 1.5 million RMB. Although Li Mu requested to cash it out after the B series, he knew clearly in his heart that he had to stick to this 3% of the shares no matter what. Because he was too optimistic about Li Mu, he believed that if he followed Li Mu well, these 3% of the shares would be his greatest wealth in the future.

In his excitement, Kong Lingyu immediately called Lin Ching-ah. The moment the call went through, he asked Lin Ching-ah, "Miss Lin, can you join the company this month?"

Lin Ching-ah, who had just separated from Kong Lingyu, asked in surprise, "Mr. Kong, are you in such a hurry?"

"Yes!"

Kong Lingyu desperately suppressed his excited voice and said word by word, "I have already asked the major shareholders. If you can join the company this month, your monthly salary of 7K will not change, and you can get 1% of the company's options."

Lin Ching-ah did not expect him to be so generous!

Although 1% of the company's shares was only 1%, it had only taken two to three months for the company to go from zero to 50 million yuan. 1% of the company's shares was worth 500,000 yuan. According to the development trajectory of an Internet company, the valuation would at least increase by more than five times during the B series.

For Lin Ching-ah, who had just entered the workplace three years ago, this was something she didn't even dare to dream about.

Almost instantly, Lin Ching-ah agreed. She said, "Then I'll go through the resignation procedures immediately. It can be done in two weeks at the earliest!"

…

In mid-October, Yan Jing had begun to feel cold. After the enthusiasm of the freshmen was exhausted, it became a lot quieter. The enthusiasm and curiosity of the seniors toward the freshmen gradually cooled along with the weather. The campus of the National People's Congress was much quieter than it was in September and the first few days after the National Day holiday.

Li Mu had not been idle these days. While Makino Technology was still in the process of registering, he was already preparing to go online with 3321.

After Makino Technology was successfully registered, Yi Ting and Tieba would naturally be changed to Makino Technology's name and become a corporate website. However, 3321 was registered under Li Mu's own name. He did not plan to use 3321 to attract investments, so he planned to invest in the operation after going online.

Li Mu already had a rough idea of the initial promotion plan. The initial promotion model would definitely be on the ground, and the specific method would be to imitate Didi Taxi and Hungry Man in the future.

In the initial stage of the ground promotion, Didi Taxi would directly send the ground promotion team to places like airports and train stations where there were many taxis, starting from the taxi drivers. Hungry Man's ground promotion team would directly go to restaurants of all sizes on the streets and at the end of alleys, attracting them as merchants to the platform. Then, they would move to the food courts near the office buildings and directly promote the product to the users.

With reference to these two cases, Li Mu decided to start with the students of the universities and form a ground promotion team. Then, he would go deep into the universities and gather students who had the intention of doing part-time tutoring on 3321. When the platform had gathered more than one to two thousand students, he would then move to the various high schools and districts in Yan Jing and start promoting the product to the parents.

As for how to form this ground promotion team, Li Mu had a clear idea in his mind. He would first start with his roommates and fellow townsmen, as well as the girls from Yan Jing University's Zhao Ziqiu and Han Xiaoxiao's dorm. That way, he would be able to gather ten to twenty people. He would first lead them to carry out a few rounds of ground promotion so that they could grasp the essentials of ground promotion. Then, he would ask them to mobilize their classmates and friends to form their own ground promotion team and disperse them to various universities.

Of course, Li Mu wouldn't make everyone volunteer to help out. He set a standard salary of five yuan per hour. For every student that successfully registered, he would get a commission of three yuan. Furthermore, every student that successfully registered and passed the identity verification would get a subsidy of twenty yuan. However, this subsidy would first be deposited into 3321's account. After they successfully completed their first tutoring order, it would then be reflected along with their salary.

Li Mu did a rough calculation. Using this method of promotion, the cost of developing to one thousand students would only be a base salary and a commission of a few thousand yuan. As for the subsidy of twenty yuan for each student, he didn't need to include that for the time being. This was because once a student completed an order on 3321, 3321 would also get a commission of five percent from the student and the student's parents. Therefore, the financial pressure wasn't that great.

Li Mu decided to start the ground promotion within the universities on Saturday. Therefore, he informed his roommates, as well as Zhao Ziqiu and her roommates, that he would treat them to dinner on Friday night. He had something important to discuss with them. As for what it was, Li Mu intentionally kept it a secret.

…

At noon on Wednesday, Li Mu took the advertising drawings made by the art designer and went to an advertising shop outside the school gate. He ordered a few sets of posters, banners, and a large number of leaflets. According to his plan, he would first prepare these things by himself, and when the two dormitories had dinner together on Friday night, he would tell everyone about it. If no one had any objections, he could start work on Saturday morning with these things.

On Thursday afternoon, Li Mu received a call from the shop. All the things that he had ordered were ready and he could pick them up.

Looking at the timetable, the last class in the afternoon was a public class. There was no roll call, so Li Mu decided to skip class and bring the things back to Yucheng Garden.

However, coincidentally, during this public class in the afternoon, Li Mu's class was arranged together with Su Yingxue's class.

Sometimes, there would be seven or eight classes with hundreds of students attending a public class. This kind of class was usually held in a large lecture hall, and there was no roll call. Students could come if they wanted to, and no one would stop them if they didn't want to. Also, during the class, the back door was always open for students to enter and exit.

Li Mu didn't know that Su Yingxue's class was also scheduled for this public class. After the first class, as soon as he left the building, Su Yingxue sent him a message. "I saw the schedule for the next public class. It seems like our classes are in the same classroom."

"Is that so?"

"Yep, 201A, Deng Lun."

Li Mu asked, "Do you want to skip class?"

Su Yingxue replied, "I don't think that's a good idea.

I'm the class monitor in our class … "

"When did you become the class monitor …"

"The class monitor asked everyone to vote for me, and I somehow got elected …"

"Alright, a pretty girl has an advantage."

"I don't want to be the class monitor at all. Are you coming to the next class?

If you do, I'll reserve a seat for you. "

"Okay, reserve a seat for me. I'll go with you."

"Okay, thank you!"

"Try to sit back."

“OK！”

Li Mu, who had already run out of the building, could only run out of the school gate. He grabbed a bunch of things and rushed back to his dorm before heading to the education building.

There were four large lecture halls in the audio-visual building. Each of them could accommodate at least five hundred people. Generally, public classes were arranged here. When Li Mu slowly arrived at 201A, the large lecture hall was as noisy as a vegetable market. Hundreds of people were chatting in twos and threes. The scene was even a little chaotic.

After entering the door, Li Mu looked directly at the back seat. He stared for a long time but didn't see Su Yingxue. It wasn't until Su Yingxue saw Li Mu and waved at him.

Li Mu walked over and found that Su Yingxue was sitting in the second seat near the aisle. A man was sitting next to her and turned his head to talk to her. When Li Mu arrived, he found that the person sitting next to her was the president of the Southern Su Alumni Association, Wu Shuai.

Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu was in front of her and said to Wu Shuai with a cold face, "Sorry, my friend is here. This seat is reserved for him."

Wu Shuai raised his head and saw that Li Mu was in front of him. He was furious.

As a third-year senior, he came to listen to a first-year public class because he had nothing better to do. When he came, he directly found Su Yingxue and shamelessly insisted on sitting with her. Even though Su Yingxue kept emphasizing that the seat was reserved for other people, he still didn't budge. He acted shamelessly in front of so many people. The hundreds of first-year students could easily see his intentions.

Now that Li Mu was here, Su Yingxue once again coldly asked him to give up his seat. Wu Shuai couldn't keep his face and was quite angry in his heart.

Li Mu saw that this guy was sitting next to Su Yingxue and didn't move. He couldn't help but say with a smile, "Senior Wu, you seem to be in a good mood. You're a third-year and you still came to attend a first-year public class. Are you going to repeat a year because you failed too many subjects?"

Li Mu's words attracted the attention of many students. Wu Shuai felt the mocking gazes around him and braced himself to stand up. He pretended to be relaxed and said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, our Southern Su Alumni Association is going to organize an autumn outing this weekend. We're going to climb the Great Wall. Are you interested in joining us?

I'll help you sign up. "

Su Yingxue shook her head, "I'm busy this weekend."

Wu Shuai didn't give up and continued, "If you're busy this weekend, why don't we change it to next weekend?"

Su Yingxue was a little annoyed and said with a bit of disgust in her tone, "I have plans every weekend. In the future, please don't come looking for me for these kinds of things."

The surrounding men and women saw that Wu Shuai kept being ruthlessly rejected by Su Yingxue, but when they saw Su Yingxue's attitude of rejecting him to the end, they couldn't help but laugh. This made Wu Shuai really have no face to continue being stubborn.

"Alright then. In the future, no matter what, I'll send you a message in advance to let you know."