Chapter 1554

In the document in front of Li Mu, there were only three Chinese characters in the densely packed English letters, which was the name "Sun Jihai."

Li Mu was also a veteran football fan. In his previous life, when the Hua Xia men's football team made it to the World Cup, Li Mu was so excited that he could not sleep well for a few days. He dreamed of the Hua Xia team overcoming all obstacles in the World Cup. The only regret was that the Hua Xia team did not win a single goal in the World Cup and lost all three games.

But even so, until Li Mu was reborn, he firmly believed that the strongest and the best spirit of the Hua Xia national team was the team that competed in the 2002 World Cup. Hao Haidong, Yang Chen, Fan Zhiyi, Li Weifeng, Sun Jihai, these well-known players were basically the representatives of the pinnacle of Hua Xia football in that era. He dared not say anything else, but at least their achievements could not be surpassed by anyone in Hua Xia football for the next decade or so.

As for Sun Jihai, Li Mu quickly recalled some of his memories. Sun Jihai's position on the field was mainly as a defender and defensive midfielder. At the end of the 20th century, he once competed in the English Premier League with Fan Zhiyi, and later played in the English Premier League for many years. It was just that Li Mu did not expect that the team Sun Jihai played for in the English Premier League was the Manchester City Football Club, which was already under his name.

This was so interesting. He had always wanted to buy a Premier League club to provide a better stage for the future outstanding Hua Xia players. He did not expect there to be a Hua Xia player in the team now.

After roughly flipping through Sun Jihai's information, Li Mu said to Davidson with a smile, "It seems that buying the Manchester City Football Club was really the right choice."

Davidson said, "The McMillan family has always been the major shareholder of Manchester United and the actual controller of Manchester United. Your Manchester City is in the same city as them. I think they will definitely target your club everywhere in the future."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Manchester City may be a lot weaker than Manchester United this year, but I believe that next season, Manchester City will beat Manchester United to the ground."

After saying that, Li Mu said to Davidson, "Please help me arrange something. I want to go to Manchester in the next two days."

"Go to Manchester?" Davidson hurriedly waved his hand and said, "It's not a good idea to go to Manchester at this time, right?

Ever since you beat up George McMillan's family, the McMillan family has been gnashing their teeth at you. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Do you think they will assassinate me if I go to Manchester?"

Davidson said with a serious face, "You have to be careful in everything. The McMillan family won't dare to do anything to you here, but if you go to Manchester, it's really hard to say. Even if the McMillan family doesn't dare to do anything to you, that son of a b * tch George may find an opportunity to do something bad to you."

Seeing that Li Mu did not seem to take his words seriously, Davidson added, "George may look like a decent person, but he is actually a very sinister and ruthless villain. Although there are not many good people among the British aristocrats, George is really the worst of them all."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll pay more attention. Since I'm now the owner of the Manchester City team, I have to go to my own club to take a look."

Davidson had to say, "In that case, I'll go with you when the time comes. We can drive directly from here. It's not far."

Li Mu said, "No problem. I'll bring my assistant and a few bodyguards. I'm not familiar with the people and the place in England. It's more troublesome to toss and turn. The best time is tomorrow or the day after. You can arrange the details."

Davidson immediately agreed and said, "Then let's leave early the day after tomorrow. I'll have someone inform the general manager of Manchester City that their new boss will meet everyone the day after tomorrow."

Li Mu shook the contract in his hand and asked him, "Now no one outside knows that you gave the Manchester City club to me, right?"

"Of course."

Davidson said, "Apart from you, only a few core members of the Goldberg family know about this. The outside world thinks that the Goldberg family bought the Manchester City club to enter the football sports market. After all, the Goldberg family has always had a golf branch in their business. It's not surprising to buy a football club."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "What does the outside world think of the Goldberg family's acquisition of the Manchester City club?"

Davidson shrugged his shoulders and said, "Most of them are pessimistic. They think the Goldberg family has no vision to buy the Manchester City club. At this stage, the Premier League's Manchester City team is really difficult to see the hope of a rise, especially after Roman Abramovich took over Chelsea. Now the Chelsea manager is buying players everywhere with 100 million pounds. They also want to add more fresh blood at the end of this month before the summer transfer window closes."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Roman Abramovich can invest, and so can I. Chelsea can buy players everywhere, and so can Manchester City."

…

After talking to Davidson, Li Mu began to prepare for his trip to Manchester City.

Since he did not know much about the current Premier League in his memory, he locked himself in his room and studied the Premier League news all day.

He did not pay attention to Manchester City's current manager and player lineup, nor did he pay attention to other teams' changes in the new season. What he cared about was which big players could be brought in at this stage.

Messi was definitely out of the picture. He had joined the Barcelona club in 2000 and had already shown his temperament as a football king. Barcelona was unlikely to sell Messi at this time;

Ronaldinho had also just joined Barcelona last month and signed a five-year contract. More importantly, Ronaldinho's state would decline rapidly in a few years, so it was not wise to buy him at this time;

Most of the superstar lineup for the 2002 World Cup was now roped in by Real Madrid. A large number of top players were gathered at Real Madrid, and Real Madrid was about to start his galactico career;

Overall, Li Mu did not want to invest 100 million pounds on the top players who had already become famous. Beckham's transfer to Real Madrid in June cost 35 million euros. If Li Mu had a choice, he would certainly not want to spend that money on Beckham. After all, Ronaldo's current value was only a little more than 10 million pounds, and the man had just turned 18 this year.

At the thought of Ronaldo, Li Mu began to worry, because the news about him on Google showed that Manchester United was now actively communicating with the young player with the intention of signing Ronaldo this summer.

There would be many superstars in the future football world, but there were only two football players who could maintain a high level of play for more than ten years in a row. One was Messi, and the other was Ronaldo.

If he wanted to sign Messi now, the price was too high. It was not only a question of price, but also whether Messi was willing to leave Barcelona. Messi participated in Barcelona's youth training at the age of 13 until Li Mu was reborn. If he really wanted to poach him, even if the money was in place, it might not be useful.

On the contrary, Ronaldo was now the most cost-effective player. He did not become famous as early as Messi, and was still a relatively good rookie. The price of more than 10 million pounds was a bargain.

Whether it was Ronaldo or Messi, top players like them needed a second-in-command on the field who was strong enough and had enough cooperation awareness. Looking back at Ronaldo's time at Manchester United, the most impressive thing to the fans was the Manchester United Twin Stars at the time, which was the forward combination of Ronaldo and Rooney.

Li Mu remembered that Rooney joined Manchester United after Ronaldo. It seemed that it should be next year, so he checked on Rooney's recent situation. The later English football genius was not yet 18 years old and was playing for the Everton Football Club.

Everton's overall strength was currently about the same as the Manchester City team. They were both mediocre teams in the Premier League. If Rooney were to be brought in at a premium now, the price should not be too high. It was estimated that more than 10 million pounds would be about right.

As long as he got these two young players, not only was Manchester City's future promising, but it could also invisibly hinder Manchester United's development speed, because it was equivalent to directly poaching Manchester United's Twin Stars. When the time came for the Premier League derby, it was estimated that Manchester City's Twin Stars could beat Manchester United to tears.

Moreover, Li Mu always felt that it was not enough to rely on the Twin Stars alone. It was best to have another player with superior speed to directly form a forward trident with the Twin Stars. Like Bale, he could pass the ball to himself after a few seconds. His speed was so fast that he was almost unparalleled in the football world.

But Bale was very young. He was probably still in middle school and would need at least four or five years to slowly grow.

Thinking of this, another person suddenly came to Li Mu's mind.

That person was the Dutch Peter Pan, Robben.

Robben was also very famous in the football world for his speed and strong breakthrough ability. His only weakness was that his physical fitness was slightly poor, so he had been plagued by injuries. Although Li Mu did not know much about football, he could probably imagine that if a player like Robben was placed as the first point of scoring, he was bound to be strictly guarded by the opponent. Moreover, his speed was so fast that it was unsolvable. Therefore, when the opposing players defended against him, they could only choose to foul at critical moments. Robben's physical fitness was slightly poor, and he was often fouled, so the chances of his injury were much higher.

If Robben was brought in and combined with Ronaldo and Rooney, but Robben was positioned as the second or third point of scoring, he could use his advantage in speed, his unsolvable ability to cut inside from the flank, and his excellent passing ability to provide support for Ronaldo. Then, his time in possession of the ball on the field and the attention he received would be greatly reduced. This was also a form of protection for him, because the extent of the opponent's attention would be reduced, and the chances of his injury would also be reduced.

Regarding Ronaldo as the absolute core, it was necessary to watch Ronaldo like a baby. Apart from scoring, there must be someone to serve Ronaldo. There must be someone to organize for him, someone to dispatch for him, someone to pass the ball for him, someone to control the ball for him, and someone to defend for him. Therefore, it was not enough to only have Rooney and Robben to cooperate with Ronaldo.

With such a "trident" in the front field, it was also necessary to pair it with a strong midfield to basically stabilize the team's offensive ability.

Li Mu looked at the Manchester City club's current main player list. Among the current midfielders, he was more familiar with Wright- Phillips. The midfielder was once a flash in the pan in the English Premier League. After moving to Chelsea for 21 million pounds, he was reduced to a substitute and had not been able to develop again.

Therefore, introducing a strong midfielder to Manchester City became the top priority for Li Mu to consider next.

He thought of Ronaldo's career and the Ronaldo during his time at Real Madrid. He thought of a player who had worked with Ronaldo for a long time and was known as the world's top midfielder — Modric.

Li Mu searched for Modric on Google, but the search results were very few. He only saw a news flash in a very inconspicuous small website: Dinamo Zagreb Football Club has loaned Luka Modric to the Bosnia-Herzegovina Premier League …

Playing on loan in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Modric's current value should be very low. A few million pounds would probably be enough to get him.

Ronaldo, Rooney, and Modric were all players born in 1985 and had just turned 18 this year. Robben was born in 1984 and was 19 this year. Their current value was far lower than their value at their peak. They were no longer buried gold, but diamonds wrapped in a layer of mud. If the four of them could be bought and nurtured carefully, it would not take long for them to burst into a strong fighting force.

If the team's coaching staff and defensive team were appropriately optimized, then the Manchester City club could become one of the top powerhouses in the Premier League and even in Europe.