Chapter 969

Li Mu rushed to Taobao. About 80% of the employees were on holiday, and the rest were mainly technical staff. This was to ensure that Taobao could access and place orders normally during the National Day holiday.

Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong were both workaholics. Their dedication to work was no less than Li Mu's. Therefore, the first day of the National Day holiday was like a normal working day. They did not slack off at all. It was precisely because of their high degree of seriousness and responsibility that they were able to understand Le Tao's every move.

When Li Mu arrived at the company, the two immediately went to Li Mu's office. After the two spent more than ten minutes explaining the situation, Li Mu frowned.

The situation was indeed a bit difficult to deal with. C2C sellers were originally countless sellers all over the country. To put it bluntly, every online shop owner was an ordinary individual user. As a company, Taobao's communication and interaction with these individual users were very unequal. It seemed like the platform was in an absolute dominant position, but Li Mu knew that when it came to actual operations, the platform could not be too forceful. Otherwise, it would be very easy to cause users to revolt.

Therefore, first of all, a solution was denied. Taobao sellers could not be forced to operate across the platform. The platform wanted to create a good atmosphere for these individual sellers to operate freely. Once the platform imposed the principle of coercion on the basis of free operation, it would definitely be rejected by the users. If it was said that it was to crack down on counterfeits, Li Mu was willing to let the platform show its power, but this situation could not be handled forcefully.

What's more, individual sellers were free individuals. Even if you explicitly restricted them from opening a shop in LeTao, it would be useless. They could just change the name of their shop and still open a thriving shop in LeTao. This kind of thing could not be forcibly restricted.

The only thing that Li Mu was happy about was that Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong had the same opinion as him on this point. No one was willing to ruin their platform's atmosphere and break the balance between the platform and the sellers just because of a little threat from Le Tao.

But there was another problem.

Le Tao's conditions were indeed very generous to these small and medium-sized sellers who opened their online stores without any cost. If there were no restrictions, then in the future, there would definitely be a large number of Taobao sellers opening stores in Le Tao at the same time. If they tried to lure users from Taobao to Le Tao to place orders, it was very likely to bury a huge time bomb for Taobao.

The three of them did not have a good solution at the moment.

Senior Brother Liu frowned and said worriedly, "This is obviously Le Tao's last fight. If they seize the opportunity to gain a foothold, it is very likely that they will find a way to survive. Now we feel that we have no place to exert our strength. It's like a heavy punch hitting cotton. I'm so angry!"

Lei Jianguo smacked his lips and said, "I think the most important thing is that if we let Tao turn the situation around, the Taobao of the trap, we set for them, I'm afraid that will be useless."

Luo Lei Jianguo said.

Li Mu suddenly came to his senses and said, "Yes!

Our ultimate goal is to lock down Le Tao in all aspects, leaving only the fake goods for them to use. If we let them revitalize the entire C2C market, then all our plans will be meaningless. "

Li Mu knew very well that if they wanted to rely on the e-commerce law to kill Le Tao, then they had to force Le Tao to sell fake goods. They had to make the platform aware of the fake goods and actively encourage the sale of fake goods. Otherwise, if they let him go, he would go back to the old path of Taobao. Even if there was a law to sell fake goods, he would at most make some changes, but it would not hurt them at the root.

The three of them looked at each other, no one had a better idea.

Lei Jianguo sighed and said, "We have tens of thousands of sellers, it is too difficult to control them."

Liu Shixiong said, "Why don't we fight a subsidy war like Le Tao? Isn't it only 5%?

We can subsidize 8%, or even 10%. "

"There is no point."

Li Mu immediately waved his hand. "The subsidy is only one aspect. If we come up with a higher subsidy, we can only ensure that our sellers do not poach our users, but we cannot stop our sellers from opening shops in Le Tao. Sellers are not obliged to only operate on one platform."

If everyone was competing to burn money to subsidize their users, then Li Mu was willing to lead the way, just like the money-burning war between Didi and Kuaidi. After all, for any product, users were the most important, and users were exclusive. The reason why Didi and Kuaidi kept burning money was because no one dared to slack off. Once one party slacked off and could not keep up, then the users would all rush into the opponent's product.

However, if they were competing to burn money to subsidize the sellers, Li Mu felt that it was meaningless. This was because the sellers were the same as the taxi drivers who took orders from Didi and Kuaidi. They always pursued the greatest benefit, so there was no exclusivity at all. When the two companies were burning money crazily, most taxi drivers took orders from Didi and Kuaidi at the same time. In this case, competing to subsidize the drivers would not have any effect.

Li Mu held his chin and pondered for a long time before saying, "I think what we need to do now is to pull the focus of the competition from the sellers to the users."

The two looked at Li Mu. "What do you mean?"

Li Mu said, "It's very simple. First, we don't need to think about how to stop the sellers from opening a shop in Taobao. Instead, we need to let our sellers realize the huge user traffic of Taobao, as well as the huge profit margin. We need to let them understand the importance of the platform's users and the importance of the platform's credibility. To put it bluntly, we need to let the sellers realize the extraordinary potential of Taobao and attract all their attention to how to manage their Taobao shop well."

As he said that, Li Mu further explained, "First, from today onwards, we will be placing advertisements all over the internet. Moreover, we will be placing advertisements directly to the products. This batch of advertisements will not promote the products of our partner companies, but only the products of ordinary sellers. This will let the users see the product advertisements directly and directly click on the product details page. We will use this method to increase the volume of the 2C business, and let all the small and medium-sized sellers see the huge strength of Taobao in the 2C business."

Lei Jianguo said, "That means we will start to use C2C now?"

"That's right."

Li Mu said, "We need to send a signal to all the small and medium-sized sellers through large-scale advertising: 'Taobao is going to use C2C. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for every small and medium-sized seller.'"

Liu Shixiong asked Li Mu, "Just now, you said that we will be placing vertical advertisements. How are you going to do this?"

Li Mu said, "For vertical advertisements, we will be discussing with all the websites in the country that have a certain amount of traffic. We will buy out a floating window advertisement for a long period of time. This floating window advertisement will simultaneously show the users the pictures and information of four to eight different products. After the users see it, they can directly click on any of the products' information, and they will directly jump to the product details page."

Liu Shixiong sighed. "That's too much promotion. Also, you said that we will only distribute it to small and medium-sized sellers. With so many small and medium-sized sellers, how are we going to distribute it reasonably?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is another important point I mentioned just now. From now on, we need to let our small and medium-sized sellers constantly realize the huge profit potential of Taobao. We need to let them focus all their energy on how to manage their own Taobao stores. This way, they will naturally not have the energy to manage other platforms. When that time comes, even if they open stores on other platforms, they will not put in the energy to manage them, because all their energy will be focused on Taobao."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "Regarding this, I have two ideas. One is vertical advertisements. How are we going to distribute our vertical advertisements? It's very simple.

We will distribute it to stores with high levels, high recent activity, high number of visitors, high turnover, and even high number of user inquiries. We will develop a set of algorithms and come up with a weighting calculation system. Whose store has the highest weighting indicators recently, our algorithm will automatically push the products with the highest sales volume in their store to our vertical advertisements, and directly give them a strong flow of traffic. "

"For example, if Wang XX has a store selling women's clothing in our Taobao recently, he has been operating his store diligently. Recently, he has put a lot of new products on the shelves, attracted a lot of users' attention, inquiries, and even made deals. Moreover, the users generally have a high rating and the complaint rate is low. Then, his overall weight will be at a relatively high level, and he will be a potential target for our support."

"It just so happens that there is a women's knitted sweater in his store that is selling the most. This also proves that this knitted sweater has the highest conversion rate in his store. Then, we will directly direct traffic to the page of this knitted sweater, and the conversion rate will naturally be guaranteed. As for Wang XX, if we direct traffic to the whole network, it is very likely that we will bring him tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of visits, tens of thousands of inquiries, and thousands of deals in a day. If one item is 50 yuan, we can bring him more than 100,000 yuan in a day. In this way, he will naturally regard the Taobao store as his most important business target, and the temptation of other platforms will naturally be much weaker."

"Once we start using resources to promote our products on the whole network, I'm afraid that our daily exposure will reach more than 10 million times, and we will be able to benefit a large number of Taobao sellers every day. At that time, we will tell the sellers a few key points that will affect the weight. As long as we don't tell them the specific algorithm, it will be fine. As more and more Taobao sellers are benefited, other sellers will naturally scramble to increase their weight. At that time, they will naturally have no time to care about Le Tao."

The two of them were silent for a moment. After figuring out a few key points, they nodded and said, "This is a very good idea. If we make all the Taobao sellers realize the huge revenue potential of our platform, they will definitely work hard on our platform."

"Support is only one of the points," Li Mu said. "There is another more important point."

The two of them asked at the same time, "What is it?"

Li Mu said, "Traffic support is a temporary benefit, but it is not a long-term solution. Therefore, we have to give our small and medium-sized sellers a clear promotion ladder, a long-term promotion ladder."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "In the future, whether it is the external traffic of Taobao or the internal traffic, we will give more resources to the high-level sellers. We will let the sellers clearly know that the higher the level of the seller on Taobao, the more resources they can get, and the more money they can make. In this way, they will naturally think of all ways to continuously increase their level. The higher their level, the more importance they will attach to Taobao stores."

Lei Jianguo said happily, "I understand what you mean. We will use a multi-pronged approach to make the sellers unable to leave Taobao, and we will put Taobao in the most important position, fundamentally weakening the influence of other platforms on them."

Li Mu nodded. "It is meaningless to use regulations and restrictions to tie them down. Only money and benefits can firmly tie them to our platform."

Lei Jianguo immediately said, "I have a suggestion. In the future, our search function will default to the seller's credit rating. The higher the seller's credit rating, the higher their products will be."

Li Mu said, "This is too absolute, and it will make the low-level sellers lose confidence. How about this, in the future, the first three products in the search results will be the products of the high-level sellers, and the rest will still follow our default comprehensive algorithm."

Lei Jianguo thought for a while and felt that Li Mu's consideration was obviously more thorough, so he nodded and said, "Okay, I will instruct the technical department later to adjust as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Although we can't force our sellers to open stores in Taobao, we can still give them a little trouble."

As soon as the two saw Li Mu's smirk, they immediately became happy and hurriedly asked, "What's the good idea?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Isn't Taobao collecting information for them and automatically putting their products on the shelves?

Then we should quickly ask our technical department to immediately develop a watermark function before they start, and add the watermark of Taobao's logo to all the product display pictures on our website. In the future, when the sellers put their new products on the shelves, they will also automatically add the watermark logo to the pictures. Just this point alone will make their automatic collection useless. "

Liu Shixiong clapped his hands and said excitedly, "Good idea!

If all the pictures have our Taobao's watermark, then Taobao won't be able to do the automatic collection for the sellers. They won't allow their pictures to be filled with our watermark logo!

If we do it manually one by one, I'm afraid we will die of exhaustion. If we need our sellers to upload the pictures one by one on Taobao, then … "

Lei Jianguo also said excitedly, "This is a great idea!

It's best to set more places to add the logo, up and down, left and right, top left and top right, bottom left and bottom right randomly, so that they won't use technical methods to block it in bulk! "