Chapter 1169

On the second day after Li Mu arrived in Shenzhen, a female doctor assigned to Li Mu by the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen took a car driven by Wang Yuanlang and went to Li Mu's home in Shenzhen alone.

The young female doctor named Du Chunxiao was the best candidate carefully selected by Director Zou in the hospital. She was not a nurse, but a real licensed doctor. She just got her master's degree from Peking Union Medical College last year. Not only was her professional quality excellent, but her image and temperament were also among the best in the medical team of the Third People's Hospital.

Originally, when Du Chunxiao knew that the hospital leaders wanted her to be a one-to-one health care doctor for an important person, she was extremely dissatisfied. She was young and impetuous. Not only did she hate the privileged class, but her dream and ambition in medicine was to treat patients and save people, so she was extremely repulsed by this kind of thing.

Left with no choice, the hospital leaders had to tell her the truth in advance. When she knew that she was actually arranged to be Li Mu's health care doctor, she almost agreed without hesitation.

The 25-year-old Du Chunxiao admired Li Mu the most in this era.

Being able to be Li Mu's health care doctor, Du Chunxiao was so excited that she couldn't sleep well for a few days. It should be known that Du Chunxiao used to watch Li Mu's speech at Harvard repeatedly in front of the computer. She admired Li Mu so much, but she never thought that she would have the opportunity to have any contact with Li Mu in real life. But now, she was about to become his personal health care doctor …

In order to prevent herself from carrying the SARS virus and infecting Li Mu, Du Chunxiao had been self-isolation at home for the past few days. In addition to sleeping time, she needed to report her temperature and blood pressure to Director Zou every half an hour. She also thoroughly disinfected her rented house and all her clothes. After confirming that there was no danger, she contacted Li Mu and was ready to visit.

Coincidentally, Li Mu was rushing back to Shenzhen from Hangzhou, so he made an appointment with her to have Wang Yuanlang pick her up the next morning.

Seeing Du Chunxiao for the first time, Li Mu had a very good impression of her. She looked very quiet. With her short hair, she looked particularly refreshing and capable, giving people a very comfortable feeling.

It was Du Chunxiao's first time seeing Li Mu. She was so nervous that her heart almost jumped out of her throat.

Although she was a few years older than Li Mu, it did not prevent her from being his "little fangirl" deep down in her heart. Moreover, for a woman like Du Chunxiao, from school to work, the most important thing to recognize the opposite sex was ability. Among the young people under 30, Li Mu's ability could almost break through the sky.

Therefore, when they first met, she was much more excited than the average fan meeting their idol.

Maybe it was because she had seen a lot of Li Mu's speeches and read a lot of Li Mu's deeds, so in Du Chunxiao's eyes, Li Mu was indeed like what she saw on TV. He was young, handsome, and sunny. While giving people a high degree of affinity, there was also a different kind of personality charm everywhere.

In the living room of Li Mu's house, Du Chunxiao very nervously introduced herself to Li Mu. Only then did Li Mu know that this girl was not an ordinary nurse, but a postgraduate student at Peking Union Medical College. She studied epidemiology and health statistics. She had just signed to the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen in July 2002.

Li Mu was very curious why Du Chunxiao didn't stay in Yan Jing, which was more familiar with her work. Du Chunxiao answered that she was from Xiangnan Province, which was adjacent to Guangdong Province. The reason why she came to work in Shenzhen was that Shenzhen was closer to her home. On the other hand, it was because Shenzhen's current talent introduction policy was more in line with her needs. Not only could it solve the household registration problem, but it could also enjoy housing and many other preferential policies. Therefore, she decided to directly sign to Shenzhen after graduation.

After Du Chunxiao introduced her general situation to Li Mu, she immediately started her job this time. First, she measured Li Mu's temperature and blood pressure. Then, she asked Li Mu a lot of details about his body. After confirming that he was currently in good health, Du Chunxiao took out a lot of bottles and cans from her backpack and placed them one by one on the coffee table. She said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, these are alcohol-based hand sanitizer, alcohol-based cotton pads, and 3M N95 grade protective mask. If you go out, you must wear a mask in public. It's best to wash your hands with hand sanitizer every once in a while. It's also best to frequently use alcohol-based cotton pads to disinfect your mobile phone and other items. If you do these well, the chances of contracting any infectious diseases will be many times lower."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Thank you for your reminder. I will pay more attention in the future."

Du Chunxiao smiled and said, "From today onwards, I will come to your house to do a physical examination for you every day. I will communicate with you in advance about the specific time. If you have any physical discomfort, you can call me 24 hours."

"Alright."

Li Mu thanked her and couldn't help but ask, "That's right, Chunxiao, how is my friend Annie doing?"

Du Chunxiao said, "Miss Annie's condition is basically stable. However, the results of the blood culture are not out yet. It should be within these two days."

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "Have you ruled out the possibility of her contracting that infectious disease?"

Du Chunxiao said, "We can't rule it out yet. Blood infection can cause fever, and that new infectious disease can also cause fever. We have to rule it out twice before we can confirm it."

Li Mu continued to ask, "Then her life shouldn't be in any danger, right?"

Du Chunxiao nodded and said seriously, "Mr. Li, you don't have to worry too much. Miss Annie's condition is still under control. Once the results of the blood culture are out and the medicine is administered according to the results, the effect will be seen very quickly."

Hearing that Annie Hathaway's condition was still under control, Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief. He then asked, "Then has your hospital made any new progress regarding this new infectious disease?"

Du Chunxiao hesitated for a moment and said, "The situation isn't too optimistic. The hospital has received another three suspected cases in the past two days. There are also new suspected cases in the surrounding areas. However, there isn't a very effective treatment method at the moment."

As she said that, Du Chunxiao took out a bottle of disinfectant and a few new rags from her backpack. She said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, do you have a mop here?

I will help you disinfect the room. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "There's no need to trouble yourself. I can do it myself."

Du Chunxiao said, "This is an order from our director. He asked me to help you disinfect the room every day. This way, we can ensure your safety."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can do these things myself. There's no need to trouble you."

Du Chunxiao pursed her lips and said seriously, "Mr. Li, this is also one of my jobs. All my work now is to ensure your health. Of course, disinfecting the room is also part of my job. The workload is already very small. If you don't let me do it, I will be embarrassed …"

For Du Chunxiao, because she was now working full-time as Li Mu's personal doctor, her work in the hospital had been completely separated. Every day, she came over to check on Li Mu's body. It took her less than an hour to finish. Other colleagues were working overtime in the hospital, but she was so idle. This made Du Chunxiao feel very guilty.

…

Not only did Li Mu care about Annie Hathaway in the hospital, but Spielberg was also the same.

However, Spielberg's mood was a little complicated these two days. On the one hand, he was worried about Annie Hathaway's condition, but on the other hand, he was instinctively excited because of the good news from North America.

The North American box office of "Game of Cat and Mouse" had reached 80 million US dollars in just a few days. Ever since Li Mu used YY to promote "Game of Cat and Mouse" in North America, the box office of "Game of Cat and Mouse" had surpassed the blockbuster "Lord of the Rings 2" that was currently in theaters. From that day until now, "Lord of the Rings 2" had been suppressed by "Game of Cat and Mouse" and could only settle for second place in the North American box office.

"Game of Cat and Mouse" could stage such a classic comeback and achieve such results. Not only Spielberg and the executives of DreamWorks knew that this was all thanks to Li Mu, but the whole of Hollywood knew this.

Now, although Li Mu was not in the United States, Hollywood's discussion and pursuit of him had reached an unprecedented level.

Before this, no one could believe that a software could have such a strong role in promoting the box office of a movie. Now, the example of "Game of Cat and Mouse" was in front of them. Suddenly, Li Mu's YY had become a resource line that the whole of Hollywood dreamed of.

This also made Spielberg feel very lucky in his heart. In the whole of Hollywood, he was the first and the only one who really had Li Mu's resources. Other actors such as Anne Hathaway and Leonardo, although they also knew Li Mu, were limited by their identities, so they had no way to get such rich resources from Li Mu.

At this time, when the whole of Hollywood wanted to ride on Li Mu's coattails, he had already reached a number of cooperation with Li Mu, not only to promote the Mu Mu ticketing system in North America, but also to cooperate with the two sides on the film and television works. This kind of mutual binding had formed, and the possibility of other people wanting to cooperate with Li Mu would be greatly reduced.

Because of this, Spielberg attached more importance to his cooperation with Li Mu on the film and television works, especially the "Flying Tigers" that Li Mu had decided to shoot.

In order to improve the efficiency of the "Flying Tigers" film, Spielberg stayed in the hotel for a few days and sorted out the complete script of "Flying Tigers". Then he sent the script to Tom Hanks and Leonardo, the two male leads chosen by Li Mu, by email.

In the email, Spielberg gave a very detailed description of Li Mu's investment plan for the film and the importance he attached to the film. At the same time, he also persuaded the two to join the film as a good friend. Spielberg even said in the email that if they were interested in the film, they should communicate with their agents as soon as possible and give him a clear reply. At the same time, they should also give him a quote.