Chapter 1585

The McMillan family did not bow their heads and apologize, the English Football Association did not come out to apologize, Ferguson was not dealt with by the English Football Association, and he did not get Cristiano Ronaldo's contract. Li Mu was still adding fuel to the fire with his two Twitter posts and related news on the Internet.

YY started a new wave of push, and the editor of YY even started a news feature and began to describe the whole incident in more detail.

The British people, and even people around the world who followed the Premier League closely, were paying close attention to the matter. Even a large number of people in the United Kingdom had gathered at Manchester United and the English Football Association headquarters to protest.

The Premier League was the pride of British fans, but they did not expect such unsightly filth to be hidden behind this pride.

The media all over Europe were paying attention. Except for the BBC, which did not dare to make an obvious biased report, the other media were almost uniformly attacking the ugly inside story of the Premier League and the corruption of the English Football Association.

The reputation of the English Football Association fell to an all-time low.

The constant criticism from the outside world made the senior officials of the English Football Association frantically anxious. They could not wait until tomorrow to announce their latest handling plan because it was a long night. They did not know how much more Li Mu would escalate the matter.

When Ferguson led the team to the Old Trafford stadium, the home fans who had been waiting at the entrance of the bus for a long time uncharacteristically raised protest signs and then shouted in unison outside the bus, "Ferguson, Shame-on-you!"

"Ferguson, I'm ashamed of you!"

Ferguson had been crazily sought after by all the Manchester United players and British fans over the years, and he did feel a little smug deep down. The title of Sir gave him a sense of transcendental superiority. After all, he was the only manager in the football circle who could get a KBE.

However, everything was reversed today.

His fans and supporters could make him feel detached, and naturally, they could also make him feel the humbleness of having to tuck his tail between his legs.

Now, in the bus, Ferguson's expression was particularly ugly. There was no anger in his heart. It was all regret and panic.

After all, he had stayed at that extreme height for too long. He suddenly felt like he was about to be overturned, and Ferguson was particularly panicked.

To be honest, Ferguson's coaching level and understanding of football were definitely among the best in the world. This was in terms of professional ability. However, it was also easy for people with strong professional ability to make a mistake, and that was to be arrogant.

They felt that they were strong in their business and had a high status in the industry, so they began to play as the overlord of the industry. They began to provoke the rules, play with the rules, and even override the rules. There were many such geniuses in the history of Hua Xia who couldn't tell what they should and shouldn't do. Almost all of them were killed without exception.

Ferguson was thinking that if he could turn back time, he would be willing to bring Cristiano Ronaldo and personally send him to the hands of Manchester City.

The team's bus finally drove slowly into the stadium through the crowd. When the bus finally stopped in front of the players' entrance, Ferguson was the first to get off the bus and walk into the home players' lounge with a blank expression.

Ferguson became the manager of Manchester United in 1986. He had been in charge of the Old Trafford stadium for nearly 20 years and was as familiar with it as home.

The players followed behind Ferguson into the stadium. Everyone came to the familiar players' lounge in silence. They opened their personal wardrobes to get changed while waiting to listen to the manager's lineup and tactical arrangements for today.

Although Ferguson's thoughts were in a mess, he forced himself to calm down. Then he pulled the blackboard over and began to make tactical arrangements on the framework of the football field.

The only thing Ferguson was glad about was that tonight's opponent, Bolton Wanderers, was only a team at the bottom of the Premier League. Manchester United could basically win easily against such an opponent.

The assistant manager came over at this time and read the starting list that Ferguson had just changed. Originally, he wanted to start Cristiano Ronaldo as a response to Manchester City. However, the talented player who replaced David Beckham had now been removed from the starting list, and he would not even be on the substitutes' bench.

After the assistant manager finished reading the starting list, Ferguson had already drawn the formation on the blackboard. He said, "We don't have David Beckham or Cristiano Ronaldo tonight, so we'll play a 4-2-3-1 formation. Scholes, your position has to be in the front …"

As he spoke, Manchester United's CEO, David Gill, suddenly pushed open the door and came in with a panicked face.

"David?" Ferguson's heart skipped a beat when he saw David Gill.

Under normal circumstances, even if the CEO came to the stadium to watch the game, he would mainly be in the box with shareholders or important guests. He would not come to the locker room. Moreover, his expression at the moment was full of nervousness and helplessness. It did not look good at first glance.

David Gill looked at Ferguson with sympathy and pity and whispered, "Sir, can I talk to you privately for a moment?"

Ferguson put down the marker and apologized to the players before he walked out.

At the door, David Gill faced Ferguson with a surprised look and did not know what to say for a moment.

What should he say?

Should he just tell him: Sir, we have received a penalty notice from the Football Association. You have been banned from coaching the England team for life?

Oh my god!

David Gill dared not imagine what kind of blow this would be to Ferguson.

A man who had poured his life into Manchester United not only had to leave Manchester United, but also England in order to find a place for himself. This punishment was too cruel.

However, as a CEO, David Gill was also well aware that there was nothing wrong with the punishment decision made by the Football Association. They found the crux of the problem, which was: to punish others heavily and protect themselves.

In the face of an international hooligan like Li Mu, the Football Association could only beat the servant to death to make an example to Li Mu. They pointed to the body of the servant and said to Li Mu: You see, I really did not discipline him badly, and I really did not cover up for the servant.

Behind this, the Football Association must be feeling very sad. David Gill could also imagine that their decision meant that they had fully chosen to surrender to Li Mu. No one could save Ferguson.

Ferguson looked at David Gill's hesitant look and frowned and asked, "David, what's the matter?"

David Gill looked at Ferguson and hesitated. He gritted his teeth and said, "Sir, we have just received a penalty notice from the Football Association …"

"Penalty?"

Ferguson's heart tightened, but he pretended to be calm and asked, "How many games are they going to ban me for?

Four games?

Eight games?

Or half a season? "

A ban for half a season was already the maximum punishment in Ferguson's mind. He was ready to not be able to coach the team for half a season.

Unexpectedly, at this time, David Gill let out a long sigh and said, "Sir, the Football Association's document says that because you have provoked and trampled on the basic principles of fairness and justice in football, it has a very bad impact on the reputation of English football. Therefore, the Football Association has decided to ban you from coaching the England team and serving in the English football system for life."

"What?!"

Ferguson almost lost his footing and fell to the ground. It was David Gill's quick reflexes that saved him from falling.

Ferguson seemed to have aged more than ten years in an instant. Even his voice was trembling as he said in grief and indignation, "They have gone too far!

When has the Football Association ever given such a severe punishment to a manager?! "

David Gill nodded and said sympathetically, "They have indeed gone too far …"

At the same time, David Gill could not help but sigh in his heart, "Ferguson, oh Ferguson, the Football Association has never given such a severe punishment to any manager. But out of so many managers in the Football Association, no one has ever offended a person like Li Mu!

Not only is he the richest man in the world, he is also the tycoon of the world's largest internet platform. He controls a huge amount of traffic from the world's netizens and has the ability to deliver information that surpasses any media in the world. It's fine that you have provoked him, but you have also dragged your friends in the Football Association down with you and made the Football Association look bad. Now you still expect the Football Association to protect you?

Ferguson said in a panic and hurriedly, "No, I have to call Jimmy and ask him what is going on!"

"Jimmy?" David Gill raised his eyebrows, "Jimmy from the Football Association?"

Ferguson nodded and said, "That's right!

He is a core member of the Football Association. He must have a way to mediate … "

David Gill sighed and said, full of pity, "Sir, Jimmy Goodman has been dismissed from his post. It happened an hour ago. He should be doing the handover now, so he did not have time to inform you."

"What?!" Ferguson was stunned. "Jimmy was removed from his position?

You're not kidding, are you?

He is the number three person in the Football Association. How can he be dismissed just like that? "

David Gill said helplessly, "I can only say that the impact of this matter is too big. The Football Association is now under a very strong public pressure."

Ferguson stayed in the training base all day. He did not have a clear understanding of how big a commotion this matter had caused in the outside world. It was like hiding in a safe room and feeling the storm. All he could hear was the sound of the wind and rain. Only when he was in the middle of it did he know how terrible the power of this storm was.

Seeing that it was almost ready, David Gill took a deep breath and said to Ferguson, "Sir, I came here mainly to inform you that a club has just received the punishment from the Football Association."

Ferguson looked at David Gill and his heart unconsciously became more and more flustered. He seemed to have already felt the arrival of fate. He even suspected that he might not be able to resist it at all.

At this time, David Gill said with a regretful and apologetic face, "Sir, the Football Association's punishment for you is that you will never be able to coach in the England football team for life …"

"What did you say …"

The feeling of being struck by lightning was nothing more than this. Ferguson could not stand for a moment and held on to the door frame to slightly stabilize his body.