Chapter 219

When he received Hui Ka Ming's call, Li Mu was a little surprised. Moreover, Hui Ka Ming wanted to treat him to dinner, which confused Li Mu even more.

Yesterday, he and Xu Jiaming just nodded at each other and exchanged phone numbers out of politeness and politeness. But today, he suddenly called to treat him to a meal, which was a little confusing.

Hui Ka Ming also felt that it was a little abrupt for him to suddenly invite him to dinner, so he made an excuse, "My brother admires what you've done very much, but it was a little chaotic yesterday, so I didn't have a chance to have a good chat with you, so I'd like to arrange a time for dinner privately."

Li Mu felt that Hui Ka Ming's words were a little exaggerated. He had met his brother yesterday, his name was Xu Jiahui, but the two of them barely talked, as if they had never paid attention to each other. Now that Hui Ka Ming called to say that his brother admired him, it was obviously unreasonable.

However, Li Mu was too lazy to care about whether it was reasonable or not, because he had no time at night.

Hearing that Li Mu had something to do tonight, Hui Ka Ming's pride felt a little hurt. Although he indeed felt that Li Mu's Makino Technology was amazing, he still felt that he was the third generation of the Xu family, and he was taking the initiative to invite him to dinner. Even if he had something to do, he should return it to his own side.

Therefore, Hui Ka Ming felt a little resentful, so he braced himself and asked, "Then when are you free?"

Li Mu had a lot of things to do now, so he couldn't tell when he would be free to have dinner with them, so he said, "I can't be sure for now, why don't we arrange another time?"

Hui Ka Ming's pride could no longer support him to continue asking, so he replied, "Then let's arrange another time." Then he said goodbye.

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu threw this matter to the back of his mind. On the other hand, Hui Ka Ming was slightly frustrated.

He still had 50 million yuan on hand, and there was still about a year and a half left. If he had the chance to invest this 50 million yuan in a good project, it would double after a year and a half. Even then, he would barely be able to break even.

When the time came, all the third-generation heirs would make a summary report in front of the old man. Everyone else would talk about how much profit they made, but only they would break even. Needless to say, they would be stupid.

Fake?

It was even more impossible. By then, everyone's accounts would be audited by a professional audit firm, which was personally trained by the old master. Hui Ka Ming had long heard of the capability of this group of people. Therefore, those who dared to falsify the accounts must be the dumbest of the dumbest.

Xu Jiaming knew in his heart that the only way to turn defeat into victory was to find an excellent project and stake everything on it.

His gaze focused on Li Mu again. After some hesitation, Hui Ka Ming gave Chen Ze a call and asked him to invite Li Mu out for dinner.

Chen Ze said calmly, "Since he already has a dinner date, don't try to change his plans for you. How about this, after dinner, I'll give him a call and see if I can invite him out for a game."

…

Li Mu drove out at five in the afternoon. According to the address provided by Su Yingxue, he parked his car at the entrance of her aunt's neighborhood.

A few minutes later, Su Yingxue walked out of the neighborhood wearing a camel-colored woolen windbreaker. After sitting in Li Mu's car, Li Mu said to her, "Let's go for western food tonight, do you have any objections?"

Su Yingxue nodded. She blinked and said, "I have no objections. You can decide what to eat, but can I have a look at the photos first?"

Li Mu reached for a thick photo album from the back seat. All the developed photos were placed in a big envelope, sandwiched in the middle of the album.

Su Yingxue took the album, opened it, and was stunned at first glance.

In the photo, she was holding her head up at a 45-degree angle, looking at the yellow leaves on the tree in surprise. Li Mu took the photo from a 90-degree angle. Her excited and focused expression was captured perfectly by him. Even Su Yingxue couldn't help but be surprised. Was she really that excited that day?

So much so that the curve of her mouth was so natural, and her expression and eyes were so happy.

Flipping to the back, Su Yingxue was even more surprised. Li Mu's photo was really on point, and when he took the photo, he was also very meticulous about the composition. When he looked back and smiled, he deliberately took the photo vertically and placed himself in the center of the photo. The distance and angle were also just right. The photo's focus was on her face, and the background was the naturally blurred Ginkgo Avenue. Although the blurred effect was a bit blurry, the golden and dazzling scene extended backward, and the depth of the scene was immediately highlighted. The mood was excellent.

Looking at each photo like this, Su Yingxue's heart also became softer and softer. When she looked at the last photo, it was almost about to melt.

Professional photographers could also take beautiful photos of people, but they often had their own solutions. When taking photos, they required the person to be photographed to completely follow their requirements, and then they would use post-production to optimize it. Although the person photographed was beautiful, it seriously lacked reality. But these photos taken by Li Mu were almost all the shots that he carefully captured from Su Yingxue's body. So when Su Yingxue saw these photos, she felt an enormous surprise in her heart.

When she finished looking at all the photos, Li Mu had already driven the car to the ring road. Su Yingxue carefully put the photos back into the envelope, and then placed them in the album, saying in a low voice: "This is the best gift I've ever received."

Li Mu tilted his head and smiled: "It's good that you like it."

More than like, she simply liked it too much.

What she liked was not her perfect self in the photo, but the person who discovered and recorded this moment of her, Li Mu.

Outsiders didn't have much of an idea of Sanlitun in 2001, but the locals in Beijing knew that this was the embassy district. There were individual courtyards everywhere, and the courtyards were surrounded by barbed wire. There were also armed police standing guard, and there were all kinds of national flags. The frequency of seeing foreigners on the streets was much higher than in other places in Beijing, especially the surrounding restaurants, which were almost all specially opened for foreigners.

Li Mu didn't expect Sanlitun to be so lively in 2001. In the evening, there were many young handsome men and beautiful women, as well as tall and burly westerners. There were many exotic restaurants on the streets, including French, Italian, Thai, and Iranian restaurants.

Other than the restaurants, there were also many small bars. Because it was the weekend, the bar business was very good.

Li Mu brought Su Yingxue around Sanlitun to see the bustling scene, and then they went to the French restaurant that Li Mu had booked in advance. It had to be said that although Fatty Wang didn't see the future of the automobile market, he still had a pretty accurate view of the entertainment market. Sanlitun indeed had a sufficient entertainment market now. There were many small bars, but there was a lack of real large-scale clubs. Li Mu saw that the future famous MIX was still under renovation, and judging from the looks of it, it would probably open in February or February next year.

There were still many empty spaces and buildings in the Workers' Sports Complex. In the future, this place would become a gathering place for several large-scale clubs. On both sides of the street in front of the gate, there would be all kinds of imported luxury cars parked at night. They would drive the luxury cars with their girls and friends, and spend a lot of money in this extravagant place. A powerful large-scale club could easily make more than a million on a weekend. Those rich kids who would become internet celebrities in the future could even spend tens or even millions in a night.

In short, the nightclub business was really good. Fatty Wang, Chen Ze, and the others all had enough connections in the local area, so it was easy to earn this money. It was just that 10% of the shares was a little awkward. Li Mu also knew that it was destined that he wouldn't earn this money himself. In the future, if he really started this business, he might as well leave the 10% of the shares for his friends to sign.

When they were ordering, a white waiter in a formal suit came over and handed over a menu in Chinese and French. Li Mu casually ordered a steak, but in the end, he encountered communication difficulties on the question of how well it was done. The waiter seemed to have rarely served people like Hua Xia. When he asked Li Mu how well he wanted the steak, Li Mu couldn't understand him no matter how hard he tried.

Su Yingxue understood the waiter's intention. As soon as she opened her mouth, she asked a question in a language that Li Mu couldn't understand. When the waiter heard what Su Yingxue said, he hurriedly nodded happily, and his attitude suddenly became a little better. Only then did Su Yingxue say to the confused Li Mu, "He asked you how well you want the steak. He said he just started working here."

Li Mu was a little stunned. He stretched out a hand and said, "50%."

This time, the waiter understood. He asked Su Yingxue a few more words, and then left politely with the menu.

After the waiter left, Li Mu asked Su Yingxue curiously, "You can speak French?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "A little."

Li Mu was even more surprised. "We haven't had French classes. Where did you learn it?"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "My mom taught me some techniques in the past. She taught me some from a young age."

Li Mu nodded gently. In fact, he had never known much about Su Yingxue's family. He only knew that Su Yingxue's father was the deputy director of the Hai Zhou Municipal Public Security Bureau when he was in high school. As for the other members of her family, Li Mu didn't know much about them. Later, at a classmate gathering, someone talked about Su Yingxue's mother, who was born in the 50s and 60s, was born in a scholarly family. It was very rare for a person to study abroad.

At the dinner table, they talked about 3321 going back to Hai Zhou in two weeks to study. Li Mu said that he was going to take the opportunity to go home for a few days and asked Su Yingxue if she wanted to go back with him. Su Yingxue calculated the time. The biggest problem of going back to Hai Zhou was time. The train would take about 12 hours, and it would take a whole day to go back and forth. There were only two days on the weekend, so the schedule was a bit rushed.

Li Mu's plan was to fly to Jinling on Friday afternoon, and then go straight back to Hai Zhou. He should be home around 10 o 'clock. He would go home for the weekend, go to the countryside on Monday morning to study, and then not go home. In the afternoon, he would go straight to Jinling from school, and then take a plane back. He would arrive at school on Monday evening, but he would miss a day of classes.