Chapter 508

Liu Yidong had long known that Li Mu was bent on poaching Chen Tong.

Although he didn't know why Li Mu was interested in Chen Tong, a senior of the National People's Congress who was at least a dozen years older than him, he felt that since he was Li Mu's business partner, he should do his best to solve his problems, even if this matter had nothing to do with the Taobao website that he and Li Mu had set up together.

Therefore, when he received a call from the middleman, saying that Chen Tong wanted to invite him to drink with him, he agreed without hesitation.

Chen Tong chose a restaurant with an elegant environment and a strong literary atmosphere. After the three of them met in the restaurant, Chen Tong quickly ordered a bunch of good dishes to go with the wine and a catty of white wine. As soon as the dishes and wine were served, Chen Tong personally poured three glasses of wine. He said to Liu Yidong and another old schoolmate, Xiao Zheng, "Thank you for coming all the way here. I'll give you a toast first."

As the middleman who brought the two of them together, Xiao Zheng glanced at Chen Tong and asked him, "What's wrong, Old Chen? What's bothering you?"

Chen Tong waved his hand. "Today, I mainly want to drink with you guys. Let's not talk about it."

Xiao Zheng nodded slightly, raised his glass and said, "Don't say it if you don't want to. It's all in the wine. Come on, let's drink first."

Liu Yidong guessed that Chen Tong must have encountered something at work. Otherwise, he wouldn't have asked him out for a drink as soon as he got off work. He didn't say much at first, but accompanied Chen Tong to drink three rounds. When Chen Tong was a little tipsy, he said, "Brother Chen, the e-commerce website that I set up with a partner will be launched next week. If you're free at that time, why don't you come over and give our team a training?"

Chen Tong laughed at himself and said, "I'm just a website owner. What do I know about e-commerce? I'd better not go and mislead people."

Liu Yidong hurriedly said, "Big Brother Chen, in the end, e-commerce relies on content to win. You've been working in the Internet content field for so many years and have rich experience. If the people in my team can grasp 30% of your understanding of the Internet and users, I'll wake up laughing even in my dreams."

Xiao Zheng also said at the right time, "That's right, Old Chen. You are quite experienced in the Internet industry. Go and give a lecture to the young people in Fengdong Company and deepen their understanding of the Internet. It can also be considered as helping Fengdong improve the level of the team."

Chen Tong sighed softly, "Fine, as long as you're not afraid that I'll mislead the students, I'll go ahead and embarrass myself."

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "Then I'll arrange it. The time is set for next Friday afternoon. I wonder if Brother Chen will have time then?"

Chen Tong didn't think too much about it. He nodded and said, "Okay, I don't have any other plans for now. Let's set it for next Friday."

The whole night, Chen Tong did not talk to Liu Yidong and Xiao Zheng about his troubles at work. But Liu Yidong could feel that Chen Tong's resentment is quite strong. He should have some conflicts with Sina, and this should be good news for Li Mu, who had been trying to poach him.

The two of them accompanied Chen Tong to drink until 11 o 'clock in the evening. All three of them drank a lot, but they were all good at drinking, so no one really drank too much. After they went home, Liu Yidong called Li Mu and told him about what had happened today.

Li Mu heard Liu Yidong talking about drinking with Chen Tong, and Chen Tong's condition is not right. He asked Liu Yidong, "What do you think he's facing now?"

Liu Yidong said, "I think it's most likely related to work. He had put too much effort into his work, and it's normal for him to be like this when he's facing some troubles at work."

Li Mu said, "Sina is doing well now. What's there for him to be troubled about?"

Liu Yidong said, "He might have some conflicts with other people. I heard that he doesn't support Sina to recruit QQ's team to continue developing UC."

Li Mu said, "Maybe. If I were him, I will also not support Sina to develop UC."

Liu Yidong said, "No matter what the reason is, this is a good sign for Makino Technology. If they want to poach Chen Tong, they must make him disappointed with Sina. If not, it's too difficult to poach him with money and benefits. Now, he is starting to relax a little."

Li Mu nodded and couldn't help but ask him, "By the way, you asked him to give a lecture on Taobao next Friday?

Our Taobao website will be online next Thursday. What evil tricks are you hiding in your stomach? "

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "I'm not harboring any evil intentions. I just want to find a chance to give Chen Geliang some foundation and let him know the gap between Sina and Muye Technology. I've always told him that I'm doing an e-commerce website, but I never told him what kind of website it is. Next Thursday, we'll go online with the first batch of custom-made MP3 players on Easy Listening. He will definitely hear about it. At that time, if he asks me, I'll tell him directly. If he doesn't, I'll keep him guessing. But no matter what, he can't go back on his promise to me. So, he will definitely come to Taobao's headquarters on Friday. You can come too. I'll let him feel defeated first, and you can use your best psychological attack to completely destroy his confidence and feelings for Sina."

Li Mu smacked his lips. "This is a good idea, but isn't it a little mean?"

Liu Yidong replied seriously. "Forget it. I don't think this is mean. After interacting with him for a few times, I feel that I like Brother Chen. You also want to poach Makino Technology from him. That's why I would rather help you destroy his pride and make him submit to you than let him bring his pride and career down like QQ. I am doing this to give him a better future. If not, if you destroy Sina one day, he will have a hard time in the future."

… …

Before Taobao went offline, YY123 continued to be strong.

In the past few days since it went live, YY had given YY123 a pop-up window to all users every day, causing YY123's traffic to continue to rise in a short period of time. This daily pop-up window made Li Xingping very anxious.

In just one weekend, his traffic in Hao123 dropped by 40%. The lethality of YY was so great that it was almost unacceptable.

Li Mu's current plan was to continue using YY to guide YY123's traffic and continue to nibble away at Hao123's share. He would first make Li Xingping feel anxious, then use the offline advertisement endorsed by Du Wei to give him the final blow. After that, he could proceed with the acquisition of Hao123.

The navigation website had fallen into Li Mu's rhythm. Li Xingping could not avoid Li Mu's tricks at all. It was only a matter of time. However, the problem of portals made Li Mu anxious. If he could not find a suitable person to manage the overall situation, it would be very difficult for him to compete with veteran portals like Sina and NetEase. This was because Li Mu knew that portals did not rely on traffic, but on content.

After 2012, the netizens collectively criticized portals. They felt that portals, the PC side, and the web side had all gone downhill, even entering their twilight years. However, Li Mu believed that portals were the indispensable aircraft carrier of the web.

If Sina did not rely on its own powerful portals, it would not have been able to develop its blog and Weibo. Especially Weibo, a product with a market value of over 10 billion USD, which became the final weapon to save Sina. NetEase's foundation was also in portals, or else it would not have been able to develop its gaming industry. A good portal was like a good product, it represented traffic and users.

With a strong portal in hand, there were too many directions for development in the future. In the future, many new product models would first appear in the form of the web and take shape on the PCweb side. After the arrival of smartphones and the 3G era, they would gradually shift to the mobile Internet. Video websites and e-commerce websites were all born from the web side, including YouTube, Facebook, Youku, wikis, blogs, Weibo, matchmaking, dating, and so on. In Li Mu's opinion, Tengxun's portal had always been too bad. They focused too much on QQ and focused all their energy on QQ. With QQ's strength, if they really focused on portals from the beginning, how would they have given Youku a chance to rise? How would they not be able to catch up to Taobao and Sina Weibo?

In order to catch up to Sina Weibo, Tengxun Weibo did everything possible, but in the end, it had to give up this product line. The reason it could not beat Sina Weibo was not because it did not have traffic, nor was it because it did not have this gene. The most important thing was that it had not really done a solid job since the portal era. Almost all the traffic of QQ portal came from QQ, which was equivalent to a portal built on QQ. However, if one really looked at the problem from the content itself, the content of QQ portal itself was not professional enough. News was not as good as Sina and NetEase, videos were not as good as Youku and Tudou, sports were not as good as Sina and LeTV, and cars were not as good as Home of Cars. If it did not go through QQ's pop-up window recommendations, very few users would choose QQ portal.

How could users really rely on it if they did not put in the effort to do the content and did not do the content well?

This was the key reason why Tengxun could not make Weibo and videos popular.

It was precisely because Li Mu realized the crux of the problem that he had an extremely urgent desire for Chen Tong to build the portal and provide more possibilities for future development. With the continuous increase in bandwidth, there were too many business lines that could be derived from the back-end of the web. Moreover, there were some business lines that YY could not handle. In the era of the mobile Internet, hardware and network did not allow it to support the mobile Internet, so they needed to rely on portals to fill in the gaps in the scope of YY's capabilities.

Li Mu had a lot of plans. He also wanted to do everything like Tengxun in his previous life. Tengxun in his previous life had done almost all the industries in the Internet field, including instant messaging, mobile Internet, online games, WeChat, websites, videos, blogs, Weibo, email, alumni, O2O, C2C, B2C, etc. Tengxun tried to do almost all the industries by himself. If he succeeded, he succeeded. If he did not succeed, he did not give up. Instead, he took a roundabout way to save the country. He invested in other related enterprises to achieve his goal of occupying a certain share in the industry. Even if it was a product that could not be made, he did not give up. At worst, he would just leave it there and let it run its course.

Li Mu's goal was to be the Tengxun of the new era. He wanted to be like Tengxun in his previous life, planning for the overall situation. However, he wanted to do the best in every aspect from the beginning …