Chapter 428

The countdown to YY's launch began. The entire team was like a rocket development team before launch. Not only were they nervous, but they were also highly excited.

They had been developing YY software for a long time. This product was born in their hands and constantly polished. To them, it was not just a simple product, but also their blood, sweat, and hope. Every technical and product staff who participated in the development of YY sincerely believed that YY would be an epoch-making product in the history of the Chinese Internet. It would push the Chinese netizens to unprecedented heights of social and entertainment on the Internet.

In their eyes, with the user base of Tieba and Happy Farm, just the YY group function of YY was enough to become a trump card to kill QQ. As for the other functions of YY that were comparable to QQ, they would also become YY's second, third, or even fourth trump card to kill QQ.

Moreover, this time, Li Mu wasn't just leading the YY team into battle. Once YY was launched, Storm Entertainment would also make use of the current super popularity of Miracle Mu to provide full support for YY. At that time, the entire game, from the client to the game itself, would make a system announcement, using group chat as an entry point to attract players to register. Moreover, Miracle Mu would also gift YY players a registration gift bag, which contained a certain amount of in-game gold coins and game items.

The user base of Miracle Mu became another powerful trump card for YY. All these trump cards would be thrown out in one go the moment YY was launched.

Li Mu had been preparing for this "battle to seize the base" for a long time. The reason why he brought out so many trump cards in one go was because he wanted to fight a quick and thorough annihilation battle. Launch with lightning speed, attack with full force, kill quickly, and eliminate all future troubles.

He didn't want to be caught up in a long pursuit of product functions with his opponents. He wanted to use his absolute advantage to change the habits of users in the shortest time possible, migrate their connections, and become the only overlord in the field of instant messaging.

That night, Li Mu tossed and turned in his bed in Yucheng Garden, unable to sleep. Since his rebirth, he had made so many products, but none of them made him so excited that he couldn't sleep like YY. Makino Technology was finally going to reveal its true fangs to the entire internet industry. This was definitely a milestone in the development of the domestic internet industry. Only when YY was launched and replaced QQ could a huge internet empire be born. At that time, Li Mu himself would be the master of this future empire. With such a huge imagination, how could he not be excited?

At three in the morning, Li Mu was still not sleepy. He groped his way out of bed in the dark, wanting to light a cigarette. Just as he lit the lighter, his phone rang.

It was Zhao Ziqiu who called. When Li Mu answered the phone, he heard her voice, which was so nervous that she asked in a tearful tone, "Li Mu, where are you?"

Li Mu said, "I'm in Yucheng Garden. What happened?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Can you come to the hospital?

Yanan's mother is dying! "

Li Mu stood up with a start and blurted out, "Wait for me, I'll be there soon!"

He put on his clothes as fast as he could, went downstairs as fast as he could, and drove as fast as he could. In less than twenty minutes, Li Mu arrived at the hospital where Wang Yanan's mother was. At the entrance of the emergency room, he saw Wang Yanan, who was crying so hard that she had no strength left. She leaned on Zhao Ziqiu's shoulder with a look of despair.

There were only the two of them in the hospital. As soon as Li Mu arrived, he asked the two of them, "How's the situation?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Auntie was fine when she was sleeping. At two in the morning, Yanan noticed that something was wrong with her, so she called the doctor. The doctor said that it was a cardiac arrest caused by hyperkalemia, and they're trying to resuscitate her."

Li Mu didn't quite understand what hyperkalemia was, but when he heard that it was a cardiac arrest, he realized that the disease must be very serious. Yanan's mother was a patient with severe uremia, so she was threatened by all kinds of complications. Hyperkalemia should be one of the complications.

Li Mu saw that Wang Yanan's expression was sorrowful and her eyes were empty, as if she had lost her mind. He sat next to Zhao Ziqiu and asked her in a low voice, "Where's Zhengdao?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Zhengdao just left yesterday. It happened too suddenly, so he won't be able to make it in time. That's why I didn't ask Yanan to call him. But the two of us don't feel safe staying here, so I called you to come over …"

Li Mu nodded. Hu Zhengdao often went out to promote the Legendary Overlord and to open a channel for the Legendary Overlord. Now, he was going further and further away. Li Mu still didn't know where he was.

Li Mu said some words of comfort to Wang Yanan, but it was obvious that it didn't have much effect on her. The three of them waited at the door of the emergency room all the way until 6: 30 in the morning. The red light in the emergency room with the words "Resuscitating" written on it finally went off.

The three of them stared at the light for a few hours, but none of them felt sleepy at all. The moment the light went off, Wang Yanan, Zhao Ziqiu, and Li Mu all stood up at the same time and immediately walked to the door of the emergency room.

Just as they reached the door, the emergency room door opened, and a few doctors and nurses walked out. One of them came to the three of them and said to the extremely nervous Wang Yanan, "The patient has been resuscitated, but her condition is still very critical. Once she stabilizes, she will immediately be transferred to the ICU."

After saying that, the doctor saw the three of them let out a sigh of relief. He hesitated for a moment and couldn't help but take off his mask. He looked at Wang Yanan and sighed, "Yanan, you and your mother have been treated in our hospital for a long time, and I know your situation very well. There are some things that I can't hide from you. Your mother's condition is very serious, and even if she stays in the ICU, she probably won't last long. Moreover, the cost of the ICU is too high. On average, it costs around 6000 yuan a day. I think you should consider whether …"

Before the doctor finished speaking, Li Mu rudely interrupted him, "Doctor, you don't have to worry about the cost. If the patient needs to stay in the ICU, then we will do as you say. We will choose the most aggressive treatment. As for the problem of money, you don't have to worry about it."

This doctor knew the situation of Wang Yanan and her mother very well. On one hand, he sympathized with the mother and daughter's situation, and on the other hand, he was touched by the mother and daughter's feelings, as well as Hu Zhengdao's sense of responsibility. However, the truth was the truth. Wang Yanan's mother had been sick for so long, and they had already spent two to three hundred thousand yuan on her treatment. If she still couldn't recover, it would be a bottomless pit. As long as she was still alive, it would cost a lot of money, especially when her condition was critical and she needed to be sent to the ICU. Most families couldn't afford the treatment that cost thousands of yuan a day, let alone these two university students.

Li Mu knew that the doctor just wanted to ask if Wang Yanan wanted to give up the active treatment. He also knew that the doctor had good intentions, but the reason why he rudely interrupted him was that he didn't want him to say those words to persuade people to give up. Although it was out of good intentions, it was indeed cruel.

When the doctor heard Li Mu's words, he glanced at Li Mu, nodded slightly, and said, "Well, the patient will be transferred to the ICU later. You have to top up the patient's treatment card before tonight. The ICU's fees will be paid every day, so it's better to top up as much as possible just in case."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, we got it. Thank you, doctor."

The doctor gently waved his hand and said, "You can't go in to see the patient now. When she is transferred to the ICU later, you can't get too close, let alone try to talk to her."

After the doctor left, Li Mu said to Wang Yanan, "Yanan, don't worry about the money. I'll pay for Auntie's treatment fees. I'll call Zhengdao later and ask him to come back as soon as possible to accompany you. Don't worry too much, don't ruin your body."

Wang Yanan's tears streamed down her face. She wanted to say something in her chest but didn't dare to. She knew that she and Hu Zhengdao already owed Li Mu too much. If she asked him to pay at this time, she didn't know how to face him. However, she had no other way at the moment. No matter what, her mother's life was the most important.

So, she bit her lip and nodded heavily. She wanted to say thank you, but she couldn't say it in the end.

At seven o 'clock in the morning, Wang Yanan's mother, who was still in a coma, was pushed out of the emergency room. The nurses and doctors quickly transferred her to the ICU on the same floor. Wang Yanan just looked at her mother while she was being transferred. When she was in the ICU, she was completely isolated. Not only could she not go in to visit her, but even the blinds of the curtains were all closed. She couldn't see anything inside.

Zhao Ziqiu originally wanted to take Wang Yanan back to her rented house to rest, but Wang Yanan didn't want to leave for a while. Zhao Ziqiu accompanied her silently at the door of the ICU. Li Mu went to the side and called Hu Zhengdao.

"Hello, Third Brother." Hu Zhengdao's voice was a little tired. He asked him, "Why did you think of calling me?"

Li Mu asked him, "Where have you been?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "I'm in your province."

Li Mu asked, "Why did you go there?

To open a canal? "

Hu Zhengdao hesitated for a moment and said hesitantly, "I'm not opening a canal. I'm busy with something else."

Li Mu's tone was a little reproachful. "How important is it that you have to go to your province?

You left Yanan here alone. What will she do if something happens to her mother? "

Hu Zhengdao explained, "I'm going to go back after finishing my business tomorrow …"

Li Mu said, "Auntie is in critical condition. She was just saved after a night of rescue, but her condition is very unstable. She has been sent to the ICU. You should come back as soon as possible."

Hearing this, Hu Zhengdao hurriedly asked Li Mu for details. Li Mu roughly told him the situation, but Hu Zhengdao didn't speak for a long time.

After a long time, Hu Zhengdao said, "Third Brother, to tell you the truth, I came out this time to find a prostitute for Auntie."

Li Mu asked him in surprise, "Where did you go to find a prostitute?"

At first, Hu Zhengdao hesitated and didn't want to tell the truth. After Li Mu asked several times, he found out that Hu Zhengdao was actually meeting a special person in another city.

Hu Zhengdao had already lined up for Wang Yanan's mother in the hospital, but there had been no news. Some time ago, a family member of Wang Yanan's mother found a prostitute outside and completed the kidney transplant. Hu Zhengdao inquired about it in private and found out that the prostitute's background was a bit shady.

The other party introduced Hu Zhengdao to a man nicknamed Lao Hei. This man was in his forties and worked as an organ transplant agent. There were many people who did this kind of business among the people. These people were active all year round in places with poor economic conditions in the Southwest and Northwest, looking for brain-dead patients lying on hospital beds or patients with severe illnesses who were dying of other diseases. Once they found them, they would persuade their families to donate their organs for a fee. On the surface, it was a donation, but in fact, it was a resale. Once the family members were persuaded, the agent would help these dying patients match and build their own matching database. Once a patient waiting for an organ transplant was successfully matched with a dying patient, Lao Hei would negotiate the price with the patient's family. Once the price was settled, they would wait for the patient to die and immediately use the designated donation method to extract the organs for transplant.

Hu Zhengdao was, after all, a college student. He knew that although this thing was in the name of "donation" and the donor's family agreed, the actual nature was illegal organ resale. However, Hu Zhengdao wanted to help Wang Yanan's mother completely solve her uremia problem. Otherwise, with her current state, she wouldn't last long. Therefore, Hu Zhengdao didn't care whether it was legal or not. After communicating with Lao Hei on the phone two or three times, he learned that Lao Hei was a very cautious person. He requested to meet first and see the patient's information before considering whether to accept it or not. Therefore, he went to your province alone to talk to Lao Hei.

Li Mu was also stunned. After all, he had never come into contact with this kind of thing, so he asked Hu Zhengdao, "How confident are you?"

"It's hard to say."

Hu Zhengdao said, "I just met him last night and gave him Auntie's information. He said that he has more than forty organs that have been checked. If his organ doesn't match, his friend can also help. It's just that the price will be higher. He told me that he can make about a few hundred donors. Whether or not he can match it depends on his luck."

Li Mu asked again, "What's the price?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "He said that the price is not fixed. It depends on the donor's age, gender, and physical condition. Usually, the younger the donor, the higher the price. Usually, it's 120,000 to 30,000."

Li Mu nodded and asked again, "If we give him the matching information, does that mean that he doesn't need to do frequent tests? He can just take it and match it with his organ?"

"He said that's the case."

Li Mu said, "That's fine. You can make an appointment with him later and confirm with him. If you don't need to stay there, you can come back first."

"Okay, then I'll make an appointment with him later. I'll buy a plane ticket back in the afternoon. Third Brother, please don't tell Yanan about this. I'm afraid that the more hopeful she is, the more disappointed she will be."

"Okay, I understand."