Chapter 1595

Li Mu's family had never had a government official for five generations. Therefore, when it came to Li Mu's generation, even if he was reborn, Li Mu did not want to deal with other economic situations other than the market economy. It was precisely because of this that, in his opinion, Zhao Xianliang's industry was a field that he would never step into even if he was beaten to death. Whether it was energy or steel, they made Li Mu feel extremely insecure.

These two industries had created many billionaires, but they had also destroyed many families. Moreover, almost none of the businessmen who could enter the top ten of the domestic rich list came from this field. It was enough to show some of the characteristics of this industry.

Moreover, Zhao Xianliang's current net worth was at least a few billion. It was reasonable to say that he was considered a rich man. However, Li Mu had never heard of the name Zhao Xianliang in his previous life. From this, it could be seen that after 2010, Zhao Xianliang's development should not be too good. Otherwise, it was impossible that he had not even heard of him.

Therefore, it could be concluded that Zhao Xianliang did not have much room for development in the future. He might even start to go downhill very soon. At this time, if he did not hurry to adjust the industrial structure, once the general trend came, he would not be able to turn around at all.

Running a business was like fighting a war. The bigger the business, the less mobile it was. A small startup with three to five people was heading south. When the boss waved his hand and said to turn back, everyone would immediately turn back to the north. For a company with three to five hundred or even three to five thousand people, if the boss ordered to change direction, there would be many people who could not turn around and might not even follow him. If they had to turn around completely, they would either have to carry out an internal clean-up or spend a lot of effort to break down one by one.

For a business like Zhao Xianliang, the proportion of fixed assets was too high, the proportion of debt was too high, and the number of employees was too large. He took a few hundred million in cash and a few billion in loans to invest in a factory, and thousands of workers to maintain the operation. Once the market went down, he had to continue production even if he lost money. Otherwise, once the production stopped, the bank would intervene or even seize it. This situation was like falling rapidly into the abyss. How could he turn around?

It would be a miracle if he did not break his bones.

Therefore, Li Mu had heard of many physical entrepreneurs like him. One day, they were billionaires. The next day, they owed the bank hundreds of millions and were on the verge of bankruptcy.

When one did not understand, one would think that these tycoons were also fools. They could casually sell their fixed assets and earn tens of millions of yuan. If they kept it to support their families, they would not be left with nothing. However, after a little understanding, one would know that this was not the case at all.

When he couldn't take it anymore, he also wanted to cut his flesh and leave. The key point was that it was not his turn to cut his flesh. When he was still alive, no one would find trouble with him. Once he was about to die, the bank and the creditors would each take a bone knife and rush over to cut him into pieces. Then, thousands of employees would be like ants, snatching the last bit of flesh from the bones.

Ever since Zhao Xianliang started his business, he was basically half white and half gray. Although he was gradually cleaning up, the special nature of the business was still there. As long as he was still making money, he would not be able to clean up completely. It was just like how it was impossible for the excavators to not have their hands contaminated with coal ash.

However, as the scale of the assets continued to grow, he gradually felt all kinds of pressure. The greater the pressure, the more he felt that the future was a little uncertain.

He sincerely felt that what Li Mu said was right. These two industries were seriously affected by the general trend. The people who were involved in them could not figure out the context. Sometimes, the market would wash over like a flood, and it would be difficult not to make money. But sometimes, the market would fall into a long drought, and people would want to have no harvest. Today, they would open the door to make money, and tomorrow, they would open the door to burn money. The future was full of variables.

However, it was easy to say that assets were evenly distributed, but how could it be so easy to do?

He sighed softly and said to Li Mu, "I have been thinking about the problem you just mentioned. Gradually withdraw the funds and assets from the original industry in batches and then invest them in other fields. However, I don't have much contact with the industry, and I don't know much about many of them. It is better to be in the current industry."

After saying that, he asked Li Mu, "Do you have any good suggestions?"

Li Mu quickly said, "Uncle Zhao, I don't dare to give any specific suggestions because I don't know much about the industry. However, I feel that the development of the industry in the future also needs to go in the direction of high precision. Only then can we go further and make it bigger."

Speaking up to here, Li Mu took out his color screen phone and said, "Look, the trend of information visualization in electronic products is getting stronger and stronger. Almost all household electronic products will have a large or small display screen. However, the phone screen made of traditional materials has a layer of transparent plastic on the outside, and if you put it in your pocket for two to three months, this layer of plastic will basically become a mess. If a glass company can change to develop ultra-thin, ultra-hard, and ultra-clear screen glass for electronic products, this company can open up a whole new market and lead the way."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly and said with a smile, "I must take some time to study it later to see if there is any suitable direction. If there is, I will gradually make some arrangements so that I won't be too passive in the future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think you can try to enter the sports industry first. First, hoard resources at a low price to enter the market. When the industry is big, you can sell it and develop it."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Then try it in the sports and football industry first. If it is reliable, then try to break through in other industries."

Li Mu nodded gently. The football industry was indeed the next new wind. He was determined to invest in football, and he would definitely be able to push the domestic football industry to develop quickly. In this case, Zhao Xianliang entering the football market was a sure win.

If the football industry could give him a taste of the benefits, he would definitely spread to the entire sports industry in the next stage. This was also a good thing. At least there was capital to promote it, and it could make the people realize the importance of physical fitness earlier.

…

When Li Mu arrived at the villa by West Lake with Zhao Xianliang and Zhao Ziqiu, the father and daughter, Xie Yun had already picked up Li Mu's parents in advance. The three of them were talking in the living room at the moment, and the atmosphere was very lively.

Xie Yun specially set up her favorite tea set and tea set. She also took out her collection of good tea and personally made tea for Li Mu's parents.

As soon as Li Mu came in, he heard Li Ma exclaim excitedly, "Oh, my son is here!"

Papa Lee put down the teacup and turned to look at Li Mu. He said with a smile, "Brat, it's harder to see you than to see anyone else."

"Dad, Mom!" Li Mu went forward to greet his parents and politely greeted Xie Yun.

When Li Ma saw her son, she felt very happy. She happened to see Li Ziwei behind Li Mu, so she was even happier and said with a smile, "Ziwei is here too!"

Li Ziwei smiled shyly and said sweetly, "Godmother, godfather …"

Li Ma and Papa Lee answered in a hurry. Then they said to Xie Yun and Zhao Xianliang, "Ziwei is our goddaughter."

Xie Yun nodded and greeted Li Ziwei politely. She knew about Li Ziwei. At that time, when Papa Lee and Li Ma wanted to accept Li Ziwei as their goddaughter, Xie Yun was worried that Li Ma would also want to accept her daughter, Zhao Ziqiu, as her goddaughter. Fortunately, she didn't think about it.

Li Ma liked Li Ziwei very much. She walked directly to Li Ziwei, took her hand and said, "Ziwei, you've been running around with Li Mu these days. You've lost a lot of weight."

Li Ziwei blushed and said, "Godmother, it's my job to run around with Li Zong, and Li Zong works harder than me."

Li Ma patted the back of her hand and said with a smile, "In the future, you don't have to call him Li Zong in private. We're family, and it'll be too distant."

Li Ziwei nodded with some embarrassment.

Xie Yun hurriedly and warmly invited Li Mu and Li Ziwei to sit down opposite the sea of tea. She said with a smile, "You came at the right time. I'll pour you a cup of tea and have a taste."

Li Mu thanked her and sat down with Zhao Xianliang and Zhao Ziqiu. Li Mu sat next to his mother, and Zhao Ziqiu naturally sat next to him.

Xie Yun took a few high-temperature sterilized teacups with bamboo clips, and then poured a cup of freshly made tea for each of them. Then she said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, this is Zhengshan Xiaozhong. Have a taste."

Li Mu nodded and took a sip of the tea. The taste was rich, sweet, and lingering.

"Auntie Xie, this tea is so delicious."

Seeing that Li Mu liked it, Xie Yun nodded in satisfaction and said with a smile, "Auntie still has a lot. I'll bring it for you when you go back to Beijing."

"Thank you, Auntie Xie," said Li Mu as he asked Wang Yuanlang to bring the gifts he prepared in advance.

This time, he did prepare some gifts unique to the royal family. For his mother and Zhao Ziqiu's mother, they were handmade jewelry by the royal family. For his father and Zhao Xianliang, it was an exquisite men's brooch. The brooch was custom-made by the royal family. It was a platinum crown with three diamonds.

As for Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu prepared an expensive diamond necklace that was the same style as the queen's. It cost Li Mu more than a million pounds. Although it was a little cliché to give a necklace, Li Mu really couldn't think of a better gift for a straight man like him.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't care what Li Mu gave her. As long as Li Mu had her in his heart and thought of her, she would be satisfied. As for the four parents, they were very satisfied with the gifts that Li Mu gave them, especially the two mothers. They had a natural love for beauty, and as they grew older and passed middle age, they preferred clothes and ornaments that young people would find exaggerated.

The jewelry that Li Mu gave them was basically of the royal family's craftsmanship and style. The style was very novel, the workmanship was exquisite, and it was expensive. Naturally, it made the two mothers very happy.

After drinking two cups of tea, the four parents began to ask Li Mu all sorts of questions. The questions that they asked the most were about the whole process of Li Mu being awarded the medal at Buckingham Palace. To them, it was a great honor for Li Mu to receive the Queen's medal of the highest level, but only Li Mu wasn't very interested in the medal.