Chapter 275

The record company that Zhao Wei had signed with was a Japanese company called Avex, or Avex. In China, it was called Avex Records. In this great era of the recording industry, the strength of Avex Records was also at its peak. It had a large number of well-known Japanese singers under its name. At its peak, it even had Lisa Ono. The company's channel ability was still very strong. Zhao Wei's several records after "Princess Pearl" had received very good sales.

Chen Kun originally thought that Zhao Wei was really going to visit him, but he didn't expect that she had a mission. He couldn't help but tease her, "I thought you came to see me, but it turns out that you have an ulterior motive."

Zhao Wei said with a smile, "I'm doing both business and private things at the same time!

Shanghai is very close to Haizhou. The company will send a car to take me there tomorrow. "

Chen Kun asked her, "How long are you going to stay in Haizhou?"

Zhao Wei said, "A lot of media are paying attention to Simple Plan and this show. It is estimated that a considerable number of entertainment media will be present at your opening ceremony tomorrow. The management company told me that I must leave on the same day, so as not to be used by the media to make a fuss."

Chen Kun thought about it and agreed. After all, Zhao Wei was now a popular star, and she was a film, television, and singing star. She was much more famous than him. If he went out for a long time, he would probably be recognized by a few people. However, no matter where Zhao Wei went, she would be the focus of the media and the people. She came to visit him, which was a great help to him in public opinion. But if there was a negative scandal, then he really couldn't help her.

Zhao Wei's record company also hoped that Zhao Wei could show her goodwill to Simple Plan through her visit. Simple Plan had not responded to any record company's invitation. Everyone could see that they wanted to sell themselves at a high price after the Spring Festival Gala. Avex Records was very optimistic about the future of Simple Plan, so they wanted to accumulate some friendship through Zhao Wei's visit.

After all, it was a great thing for the whole show and the actors of the show to visit such a big star. It was equivalent to doing a favor for Chen Kun.

The next morning.

Everyone held a meeting in the hotel. Ning Hao explained the important parts to everyone. As a newcomer to the industry, Li Mu symbolically asked everyone to work hard.

After that, the team went to Haizhou No. 1 Middle School and prepared a very simple opening ceremony on the flag-raising platform. The tentative process of the opening ceremony was: Ning Hao would speak on behalf of the crew, the school leaders would speak on behalf of the school, and Li Mu would go on stage to thank them.

Then, the official start up was announced, and the whole boot ceremony was over.

Most of the filming crews' opening ceremonies were more complicated. Not only did they have to hold a press conference, but they also had to set up an offering table, place offerings, and burn incense. However, when it came to Li Mu, they could save as much as they could. Other than a banner, there was nothing else.

Many of the media reporters who rushed over did not know who the director of the movie was before the opening ceremony.

They rushed over because of Simple Plan. Recently, Simple Plan had stopped all announcements and interviews. It seemed that they were fully preparing for the Spring Festival Gala. The media was very concerned about them, hoping to dig out exclusive information.

During the preparation stage of the opening ceremony, more than ten media reporters came one after another. As soon as the reporters arrived at the school, they tried to find the lounge where the four of Simple Plan were. A group of reporters went into the school building and searched around, but to no avail. Only then did they return to the small square in front of the flag-raising platform to wait.

At this moment, the four of Simple Plan and Chen Kun were all in a GL8 in the corner of the square. Chen Kun looked through the black film covered window at the large group of media reporters who were digging three feet into the ground. He was very envious.

Those who could receive this kind of treatment from the media were basically well-deserved A-list celebrities. He could only be considered a C-list celebrity now. Zhang Kexuan, who was behind him, was the A-list celebrity.

When it was almost time for the opening ceremony to start, a Benz car drove to the main entrance of Haizhou No. 1 Middle School. The driver honked.

The school security, who had already received instructions from the school leaders not to stop public vehicles today, hurriedly opened the gate and let Benz's car in.

Benz's car drove all the way to the square. As soon as it appeared in the field of view of the media, it was immediately captured by the sharp media. Then, a large group of media reporters rushed to Benz's car with their cameras and cannons. They thought that Zhang Kexuan would be in this car, but when they got closer, they realized that the person in the car was actually one of the most popular celebrities, the movie, television, and singer star — Zhao Wei.

This made the media feel as if they had discovered a new continent. The scene suddenly exploded. Many reporters shouted through the car door, "Zhao Wei!

Hello, Zhao Wei!

Please look here! "

Click, click …

Zhao Wei did not expect to be blocked by the media as soon as she came in. She looked out of the car window and saw almost all reporters and camera equipment. She quickly called Chen Kun. Chen Kun had already realized that the car that was surrounded in the distance should be Zhao Wei's car, because Zhang Kexuan was still in the car he was sitting in. Except for Zhao Wei, it was estimated that no one in Haizhou could provoke such a crazy enthusiasm from the media.

When he was about to get out of the car, Zhao Wei called and asked, "Little Kun, where are you?"

Chen Kun hurriedly said, "I'm coming. Wait for me!"

After that, Chen Kun pushed the door open and ran away.

Li Mu left the layout of the scene to Ning Hao. He hid in the lounge provided by the school and talked with Du Wei about some of the scenes that were shot in the afternoon. Ning Hao's voice came through the walkie-talkie, "Director Li, Director Li, come to the square quickly. The scene is a little chaotic. It seems that Zhao Wei is here!"

Li Mu picked up the walkie-talkie and instinctively asked, "What?

Zhao Wei?

A Zhao Wei? "

Ning Hao said, "Who else could it be? Little Swallow Zhao Wei!"

"Ah!" There was a scream beside him. Du Wei's face was full of excitement. "Zhao Wei is here?

Where is she? I'm going to ask her for an autograph! "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't worry, don't worry. She's probably here to visit us. I'll go to the scene to see what's going on."

Du Wei asked, "Zhao Wei is such a big star. Why did she come to visit us?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It has nothing to do with us. Chen Kun is her good friend. They were classmates at the National People's Congress."

Du Wei suddenly understood. "So that's how it is. I'll go with you to take a look!"

Li Mu asked Chen Ze, who was playing Gluttonous Snake, "Do you want to go with us?"

Chen Ze waved his hand and said with a face full of despair, "I don't chase after stars, so I won't join in the fun."

Li Mu brought Du Wei out of the lounge. The situation at the scene had stabilized a lot. Ning Hao, Chen Kun, and a bunch of staff separated the reporters from Zhao Wei's car. The reporters also calmed down a little. They didn't swarm around like before. Instead, they stood on the spot and kept shooting with their equipment.

At this time, Zhao Wei also got out of the car and greeted Chen Kun.

The reporters at the scene shouted and asked her, "Zhao Wei, may I ask why you're here at the opening ceremony of 'Oldboys' today?"

Zhao Wei nodded at the reporters and said in a friendly manner, "Chen Kun and I are university classmates and good friends.

Good buddy, I just finished filming in Shanghai, so I came to visit you on the set. "

Another reporter asked, "May I ask if your scenes in 'Unparalleled in the World' have been completed?"

Zhao Wei nodded and said, "Yes."

Another reporter asked, "May I ask how do you feel about your collaboration with the music queen, Wang Fei?

There were media reports that you had a conflict during filming. Is that true? "

Zhao Wei smiled and said, "My collaboration with Sister Fei is quite good.

Um, can we interview her later? I'm here to support my friend's movie, so I don't want to delay her. "

At this time, Ning Hao also hurriedly took the loudspeaker and said, "Can our friends from the media please return to the media area first? We will definitely leave time and opportunity for everyone to interview after the opening ceremony."

Although the reporters didn't want to let Zhao Wei off so easily, there were quite a number of staff blocking in front of them. Zhao Wei followed Chen Kun in another direction, so they couldn't catch up to her. So they could only give up for now.

Li Mu and Du Wei happened to walk in front of them. Chen Kun directly brought Zhao Wei to Li Mu and introduced her to Li Mu.

"Director Li, Zhao Wei is my classmate and good friend. She's here to visit you."

Although Li Mu wasn't Zhao Wei's fan, he did like the TV series "Princess Pearl" when he was in middle school. This TV series was really popular at that time, and it wasn't an exaggeration to say that tens of thousands of people came to watch it. Following that, Zhao Wei continued to release singles, albums, and movies. At that time, she could be considered one of the most influential female stars.

So when he first saw her, Li Mu was more or less excited.

Du Wei, who was next to him, was even more excited. As soon as Li Mu said that Zhao Wei was welcome to visit him, she couldn't help but say excitedly, "Sister Zhao Wei, I'm a big fan of yours.

I'm a big fan of yours. Can you give me an autograph? "

Zhao Wei smiled and said, "Sure, did you bring a pen?"

Du Wei sighed and shook her head in disappointment. Zhao Wei smiled and said, "It's okay, we can sign it later.

We can also take a few pictures. "

Du Wei didn't expect Zhao Wei to be so friendly and gentle. She nodded happily. Li Mu looked at the time, picked up the walkie-talkie and said, "Ning Hao, Ning Hao, I'll leave things outside to you. Everything goes according to plan. It's almost time for me and the others to appear. Let me know in advance."

Ning Hao replied through the walkie-talkie, "Okay!"

Li Mu said again, "Kexuan, Kexuan, don't rest in the car. You go to the lounge first. We have a distinguished guest. I'll bring the guest over later."

Zhang Kexuan had already heard the news of Zhao Wei's arrival through the walkie-talkie. He had been hesitating whether he should come or not. When he heard Li Mu's order, he immediately replied, "Okay." Then he got out of the car and went to the lounge first when the media was not paying attention.

As soon as everyone arrived in the lounge, Li Mu introduced the four members of Simple Plan to Zhao Wei. Unexpectedly, Zhao Wei became a little too modest in front of the four of them. She kept praising how good Simple Plan's songs were and how much she liked them, which made Zhang Kexuan feel a little flattered. He was about the same age as Zhao Wei, but she had been popular for several years and had been on the Spring Festival Gala last year. Now she was at the height of her popularity. On the other hand, his band had only released four singles. Although the four songs were very good, he knew in his heart that these four songs were Li Mu's original works and had little to do with him. So now that he was praised by Zhao Wei, he felt a little guilty.

Zhao Wei quickly chatted with Zhang Kexuan and the others. They talked about music and records. Zhang Kexuan asked Zhao Wei when she was going to prepare for the next album. Zhao Wei sighed and said, "Actually, I'm not a professional singer. My talent in singing is average. I know what I'm good at, so in the next few years, I want to focus on movies and TV. Music will be put aside for the time being."

Zhao Wei originally studied acting. The reason why she embarked on the road of singing was that the production team of "Princess Pearl" had something to do with Qiong Yao's preferences. Qiong Yao and Li Zhengfan supported most of the theme song of "Princess Pearl" and deliberately trained the leading actors of "Princess Pearl" to become singers. In addition to Su Youpeng, who was originally a singer, Zhao Wei, Lin Xinru, and Zhou Jie all participated in the theme song and interlude.

As the first female lead, Zhao Wei's singing qualifications were good.

In the play, she sang "There's a Girl", "Can't Break Up with You" and other familiar songs. After it caused a huge response from the audience, she really embarked on the road of music. But according to Zhao Wei's later description.

She was a little resistant and not confident in singing.

In fact, in 2001, Zhao Wei really did not want to sing anymore. In the next three years, she did not plan for herself to release another album. Because of this, she hoped to help Ai Hui Records sign Simple Plan.

It was a kind of compensation for Ai Hui Records.

When Zhao Wei said that she was going to stop her singing career, Chen Kun, Du Wei, and Simple Plan all tried to persuade her. After all, it was not easy to have such a good situation. It would be a pity to just throw it away.

Zhao Wei was very indifferent to this. She just smiled and said, "I'm not singing for the time being because I want to do well in my favorite acting career. If one day I still want to sing, I will definitely continue to sing."

Everyone chatted for a while and felt a lot more familiar with each other. Zhang Kexuan even exchanged phone numbers with Zhao Wei.

Ning Hao said in the walkie-talkie that the opening ceremony was about to start. Li Mu asked Zhao Wei, Chen Kun, and Simple Plan to rest in the lounge. If the eight of them went out at this time, the whole opening ceremony would probably not be able to continue.

Because Du Wei wanted to chat with Zhao Wei, she did not go with them. Li Mu came out of the lounge alone and went straight to the small square of the school.

At this time, the small square in front of the flag-raising platform was already filled with thousands of people. The school had not started yet, so many students were waiting quietly below.

The scene was also very orderly. The staff were doing the final preparations in an orderly manner. Several student actors from Yanjing Film Academy and Chinese Drama Academy also played the role of volunteers to help the staff on the scene.

Li Mu stood below the stage and watched the staff bustling around.

His eyes were suddenly attracted by a girl with a ponytail.

At first glance, this girl did not look very outstanding. Her dress was not considered fashionable. Although her skin was very smooth, it could not be considered fair. She had a big forehead and small eyes.

At first glance, she could only be regarded as an ordinary person. However, such an ordinary girl shocked Li Mu to the point of being speechless.

Li Mu called Ning Hao, who was busy, to his side. He quietly pointed at the ponytail girl and asked him, "When did this girl come?"

Ning Hao glanced at her and said casually, "Oh, her, a girl from Chinese Drama Academy. Don't we have two girls from Chinese Drama Academy in our crew? This girl is their classmate, but she is a director. Originally, she wanted to accompany them and learn some experience, but she is not a staff member of our crew. Secondly, she is not an actor in the crew, so I can't reimburse her for the plane ticket. She sat in the hard seat for the whole night and just arrived in the morning."

After hearing this, Li Mu stomped his feet and said, "Look at how stingy you are!

Who would be poor if you booked an extra plane ticket?

You made her sit in the hard seat for the whole night. How could a man like you do that! "

Ning Hao was confused by Li Mu's words. "Brother, I am trying to save money for the crew. A plane ticket is not cheap!"

After saying that, Ning Hao's face was filled with resentment. "Have you fallen for her?

Now you are starting to have tender feelings for the fairer sex. "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "You, you are really stupid. Can't you see the potential in this girl?

Her appearance, her temperament, her style, she will definitely be popular in the future … "

Ning Hao stared at the ponytail girl for a long time in surprise, then turned to look at Li Mu with a look that said, "Brother, why are your eyes so different?

You said that Du Wei's appearance and temperament are excellent, and I really admire that. But the girl you mentioned … Forgive me, but I really can't agree with you. "

Li Mu looked at the girl again and tried to get rid of the memory of her future appearance in his mind. Just looking at her current appearance, to be honest, she was not very attractive. She was the kind of person who would become more and more attractive the more you looked at her. With the continuous development of fashion, she would need at least a few years to find a style that suited her. Now, she was dressed in the simplest style without any makeup, which was really not very attractive.

Ning Hao saw that Li Mu kept staring at her, so he asked tentatively, "Is this your taste?

Do you like this kind of lazy and old-fashioned girl? "

Li Mu scolded, "Nonsense!

How can you tell that she is lazy and old-fashioned? "

Ning Hao curled his lips and said, "Look at her. She is wearing a khaki down jacket, gray and fat jeans, and white Li Ning sneakers. Isn't this outfit old-fashioned enough?

Also, look at her. She is a student of the Chinese Opera School, but she doesn't even have the awareness to wear makeup. She is even too lazy to do her hair. She just comes out with a ponytail. Isn't that lazy? "

"Screw you."

Li Mu scolded with a smile, "Get in touch with her and try to sign in to our Makino Image later."

Ning Hao said awkwardly, "Brother, she is a director and is only a sophomore this year. Don't tell me you want to invest in her to make a movie?"