Chapter 1365

In less than half an hour, Li Mu received the good news from Leslie Cheung and Mei Yanfang.

Zhang Xueyou, Chen Yixun, Luo Dayou, and Cai Qin all agreed to the two's invitation. They decided to cancel their scheduled work and come to Yanjing to participate in the recording of the gala. Originally, there were five people missing, but now there were six more.

Li Mu was very excited. If Leslie Cheung, Mei Yanfang, and the four singers they had contacted were all here, it would be a super luxurious lineup. At that time, the influence of the gala would be greatly increased. If he changed "The Sunshine Always Comes After the Storm" to "A Loving Family," it would be perfect.

So, Li Mu immediately said to Chen Wan, who was also excited, "Call the director of the gala now. There are three things. First, tell him that these six celebrities are willing to come and save the show. Ask him to arrange it properly and don't stand us up. Second, I will change the original song to" A Loving Family, "and I will sing the first half with my brother and Lady Mei. In the second half, we will choose two or three singers from each of the three regions to join us. Third, this performance may go down in the history of the entertainment industry, so we must make sure that all the singers sing live. If they don't accept this, I will be the first to quit."

The big shots from both sides of the Taiwan Strait and the three regions gathered in Yanjing, which was the most dangerous place in the Western media, to give their voice to the fight against SARS. Just the lineup alone was rare. Not to mention others, just Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, who could invite the two of them to perform?

Neither of them was interested in the special concert of the Red Hall, let alone such a big performance!

So to be able to gather such a lineup was simply a miracle, a miracle that was even more amazing than the Spring Festival Gala.

Moreover, this in itself was a very meaningful thing. The positive energy was extraordinary. It was believed that this performance would bring great encouragement to all Chinese compatriots. Not only compatriots from both sides of the Taiwan Strait and the three regions, but also compatriots from all over the world.

Such an important performance was really unprecedented and would definitely be recorded in the history of the Chinese entertainment industry. But if they used lip-synching in such a significant performance, it would be a super big failure!

So, Li Mu had to give the director enough temptation and pressure. He had to use the lineup of six superstars and his participation to tempt and force him to sing for real.

Chen Wan was obedient to Li Mu, so she immediately did as he said. She took out her phone and called the film crew.

The director was currently in a terrible fix in the conference room.

In order to find a replacement, he made countless calls to the program's preparation team, but basically, no one could confirm that they would come to save the day.

This was not only because the Western media was exaggerating the epidemic in Beijing, but also because such an urgent schedule would almost certainly conflict with their original work schedule.

Most of the A-list and B-list celebrities were very busy. Actors had to enter the crew to film, accept endorsements, shoot commercials, and rush to work. There were 365 days a year, and they wished that they could have a clear schedule for 350 days. It was the same for singers. They had to enter the studio to record, go on tour, participate in various commercial performances, shoot music videos, accept commercials, and rush to work. In a year, there were not many days that they could rest.

Generally, such celebrities would have a full schedule for the next one or two months, and the possibility of taking time off at the last minute was very small. It was unlikely that they could even take half a day off. Moreover, the gala of Central TV would need at least two days to rehearse and record.

Therefore, when they suddenly went to look for these celebrities, almost no one could spare the time.

However, there were many celebrities from Hong Kong and Taiwan who could take time off, but their status was really not enough. Even if they wanted to come, the director and the other people in charge might not be able to see them …

Not having enough celebrity status was the most embarrassing thing. If they wanted to use this performance to highlight the compatriots of the three sides of the Straits sharing weal and woe, if the celebrity's celebrity status was not enough, then it wouldn't just mean that they were lacking, it would be a far cry.

Just when they were at a loss as to what to do, Chen Wan called the director. Although he was extremely upset and had already rejected a few calls from his friends, when he saw Chen Wan's number, he hesitated for a moment and still chose to pick up.

The director of Central TV was not familiar with Chen Wan. This gala was the first time the two of them were working together. At first, he still had the air of a Central TV director and always felt that the hosts from the local stations were inferior to him. But after a few days of working together, he realized that Chen Wan and He Wan's professional abilities and professionalism were not inferior to the hosts of Central TV. In some areas, they were even better than the hosts of Central TV. At the very least, the hosts of Central TV were naturally weak in terms of entertainment.

When the call went through, the director asked Chen Wan in a slightly dispirited voice, "Teacher Chen, why are you calling so late at night?"

The friendliest way to address each other in the entertainment industry was to address each other as teacher. So in the program team, other than calling the director "Director", everyone else basically addressed each other as teachers.

Chen Wan said, "Director Xu, I told the Makino Technology's Li Zong about today's emergency. He urgently contacted Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. Both of them have decided to return to China immediately to save the show. They are expected to arrive in Beijing tomorrow night."

The director did not react for a moment and only repeated subconsciously, "Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang are coming to save the show?

These two haven't shown up for a long time … "

Speaking up to this point, he suddenly came back to his senses and stood up in the conference room. He raised his voice and asked in shock, "What did you say?!

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang are coming to save the show?!

Save our show?!

Teacher Chen, are you sure you're not joking with me?! "

This roar caused the entire conference room to be filled with shock!

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang?!

How is that possible?!

These two were both superstars and seniors in the Hong Kong entertainment industry. They had a lot of influence in the Chinese world. Some time ago, they gradually faded out of the entertainment industry. Countless media outlets felt sorry for them, and all the fans and fans were waiting for their official comeback. At this time, the superstar resources that everyone dared not hope for were probably the two of them!

The entire planning team had counted all the celebrities in Hong Kong and Taiwan on their fingers several times. They had listed all the celebrities that could possibly be invited, but no one dared to list these two. How was that possible?!

It was said that a performance company had offered Zhang Guorong over a hundred million HKD to make his comeback on a global tour, but Zhang Guorong had rejected it without hesitation. Mei Yanfang had also received a similar offer, but these two were not moved. A Hong Kong media even joked that unless one of the big shots in the Hong Kong entertainment industry passed away, these two would not appear in the public eye. From this, it could be seen how difficult it was to invite these two!

But at this time, these two superstars in the Hong Kong entertainment industry were actually coming to this charity gala?

And they were taking the initiative to attend without an invitation. This was such an unbelievable thing. No one dared to believe it.

At this time, Chen Wan said to the director, "Director Xu, why would I joke about this? They were invited by Li Zong."

"But I saw on the news that they were in the US!

And it seems that Mei Yanfang has cancer and has been receiving treatment in the US … "

"Yes."

Chen Wan said, "The two of them have been in the US, but after Li Zong made the invitation, they immediately decided to come back to save the day."

It took the director more than ten seconds to come back to his senses. He was so excited that his phone almost dropped. He said, "Thank you, Teacher Chen, thank you, Teacher Chen!

This has really saved all of us! "

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I'm just a mouthpiece. If you want to thank someone, you should thank Li Zong. After all, it's all his hard work."

The director nodded and said, "That's for sure!

We must thank Li Zong properly! "

Chen Wan said, "There's more, there's more good news."

The director asked in surprise, "What other good news?"

Chen Wan said, "Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang are very supportive of the meaning of our evening party, so they have done their best to invite several Hong Kong and Taiwan stars, including Hong Kong's Zhang Xueyou and Chen Yixun, as well as Taiwan's Luo Dayou and Cai Qin."

The director felt an unprecedented sense of happiness explode in his head like a nuclear bomb. He was so excited that he almost couldn't stand. He asked with a trembling voice, "Teacher Chen, these four singers are also coming to save the day?"

"Yes."

Chen Wan said, "The time has been confirmed. The latest one will arrive in Beijing at 1: 30 am the day after tomorrow."

The director quickly said, "Then I'll arrange the reception."

"You don't have to worry about that, Director Xu."

Chen Wan said, "Li Zong has already arranged this. His staff will coordinate and handle it. If there are no accidents, all the actors will be able to participate in our rehearsal in three days."

"Okay, okay!"

The director was so excited that he quickly said, "I will immediately have a meeting with everyone to adjust the performance schedule according to the new list."

Chen Wan said, "Director Xu, there are two more things I want to tell you."

"Teacher Chen, please go ahead."

"Li Zong wants to change the song 'The Sunshine Always After the Storm' to 'The Loving Family.' He will sing this song with Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and four other Hong Kong and Taiwan singers. He also needs you to fill in the gaps with the mainland singers."

"That's not a problem!"

The director's eyes lit up. The song 'The Loving Family' was more relevant than 'The Sunshine Always After the Storm'. This song was really perfect.

Chen Wan said, "In addition, Li Zong has a clear request. That is, the whole evening party must be sung for real. This must be done."

The director nodded almost without thinking. "Please rest assured, Li Zong. We will definitely do it!"