Chapter 574

At eight o 'clock the next morning, there was still one and a half hours before Makino Technology would officially start work, but at this moment, the company was already very lively. Eighty-four former QQ employees who came out of UC came to the company in advance to go through the entry procedures. Everyone in the HR department also arrived at this time to go through the entry procedures for the new employees. Chen Hui and his old subordinates also came early. Although they had nothing to do, as they joined Makino Technology earlier, they still hoped to come early to welcome these old colleagues.

Everyone inevitably sighed when they met, but Chen Hui could see that these people had no resentment towards Makino Technology. This was also what Chen Hui was most worried about. He was worried that because of the successive setbacks, they would attribute it to Makino Technology in their hearts. If they still had a hostile mentality towards Makino Technology after joining Makino Technology, it would not be a good thing for them or the company.

When Kong Lingyu arrived at the company half an hour earlier, the entry procedures for these people were almost completed. Seeing that there were so many new experienced technical blood, he was in a good mood. However, when he thought that the office space upstairs and downstairs in the company was almost full, it would probably be crowded with more than eighty people coming in, so he took the initiative to find Lin Ching-ah and asked her, "Qingya, with so many people added at once, isn't it a bit too crowded?

How many people can our office space still sit?

Isn't it overloaded? "

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Don't worry about this. Li Zong has already instructed in advance, so the administrative department has been contacting for a new office space. It just so happens that the company's lease on the ninth floor of our building is about to expire, and they are not going to renew the lease. So when their lease expires, we will take down the entire ninth floor. At that time, we will be much more relaxed."

Kong Lingyu said in surprise, "Take down the entire ninth floor?

A floor can accommodate at least two to three hundred people. Isn't it too empty? "

Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong wants to move Taobao's team here as well. He said that it would be too much of a hassle to always run between the two sides."

Kong Lingyu nodded. "I understand. That's good too. Otherwise, I won't be able to see him all the time. Recently, he has been appearing and disappearing again …"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "It's not your first day knowing him. Don't you know his style?

Even if the Taobao network moves over, once the Taobao network is on the right track, I reckon we and the Taobao people won't be able to see him. "

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "You're right …"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Oh right, we're going to have a new employee orientation this afternoon. We're going to talk about our company's situation, benefits, and regulations. Li Zong won't be coming. Do you want to come over and say a few words?"

Kong Lingyu had originally wanted to refuse. After all, his eloquence was not very good. If he wanted to sway the hearts of the people, then it would be Teacher Li Mu. However, Teacher Li Mu did not have the time to come over. Thinking about the fact that these 80 or so people were all from the technical department, and Kong Lingyu himself was also from a technical background, he felt that it might not be as effective if Lin Qingya was the one doing the talking. If he was the one doing the talking, it would definitely be more convincing. Thus, he nodded his head and said, "Then I'll go and say a few words this afternoon."

…

UC had been aborted, and the team was in Li Mu's hands. At this time, Li Mu was no longer worried about his web portal plan being leaked. Instead, he felt that it was time to show some of the traditional web portals a little.

After acquiring Hao123, YY123 became the second most popular product in Li Mu's hands. Now, YY123's average daily active users had exceeded 10 million. YY123 was the second product with more than 10 million daily active users.

After YY123's daily active users reached 10 million, the web traffic was basically stuck in his hands. Although Baidu's traffic was also very high, Baidu's traffic was different from Hao123's traffic. Currently, Baidu could only passively guide users' search behavior, but all of YY123's display positions were actively placed there. Whoever had a good position on YY123 would be able to get more traffic from YY123. If anyone was cut off by YY123, that person would lose a portion of YY123's traffic, like the current Sina.

Sina was looking to spend money to solve this problem. However, they didn't expect that when they proposed to Makino Technology to spend money to buy YY123's recommendation spots, Makino Technology rejected them without hesitation.

The explanation given by Makino Technology was: "YY123 is Makino Technology's own web traffic product. We don't sell recommended spots to the public."

While clearly rejecting Sina, Makino Technology's business gave Sina another ray of hope. "We will complete the debugging as soon as possible and reopen Sina's link on YY123. Moreover, we will insist on making it free."

Sina instantly breathed a sigh of relief. At this time, they suddenly felt that Makino Technology wasn't as bad as they thought. At least after the UC problem was solved, they didn't continue to target Sina. Now, they even promised to reopen Sina's link on YY123. This was the best news for Sina. As long as YY123 reopened Sina's link, Sina's traffic losses could basically be recovered. Their stock prices would definitely have a chance to return to the high before this incident.

However, Li Mu wasn't a saint in the internet industry. It was true that he was prepared to restore Sina's display on YY123, but how exactly he was going to restore it was not something Sina could guess.

Soon, a new round of adjustments was made on YY123. This time, it caused quite an earthquake in the industry.

YY123 used to be the most eye-catching and highly trafficked first-tier website display. Now, some subtle changes had taken place. First of all, Sina had reappeared in this section, but it was no longer in the first row like before. Instead, it was in the fourth row, which was also the last row. Furthermore, it was the second from the last row.

According to the traffic weight, the best traffic diversion effect was naturally the first link in the first row, followed by the second, third, fourth, and then the first few links in the second row. In short, the area with the highest traffic was concentrated in the upper left corner of the entire section. The other positions got worse as it went further back. However, because the last position in the lower right corner was diagonal, the traffic diversion effect was slightly better than the middle part. Therefore, Li Mu didn't give this position to Sina.

Sina got the second from the last row, which was basically the worst position in the entire section. In front of it were the three portals, NetEase, Sohu, and Yahoo.

In other words, Li Mu moved these four portals from the most eye-catching position in the first row to the least eye-catching position in the last row. His idea was that since YY123 was a navigation website, it naturally couldn't remove well-known websites for a long time. If that was the case, the incomplete website would lose its basic function as a navigation website. However, Li Mu also didn't want to use his own channels to continue providing traffic to NetEase, Sohu, and other portals. Therefore, he tried his best to reduce the display weight of these portals on YY123, throwing them to the corner.

When Sina was suppressed by Makino Technology, Sohu and NetEase were still happy. However, they didn't expect that after Makino Technology dealt with Sina, they immediately targeted them. Once the display weight was reduced, their traffic on YY123 started to plummet.

Makino Technology's follow-up actions alerted Chen Tong. As early as when Makino Technology started YY123, he felt that Makino Technology's actions might contain a very sinister strategy. It might even be to lay a good foundation for future portals. However, that was only his personal speculation. There was no solid evidence to prove it. However, now, not only did Li Mu still block Sina's traffic channel on YY123, but he also adjusted the display weight of other portals, greatly reducing their chances of getting traffic from YY123. This move revealed too many dangerous signals.

If Li Mu targeted Sina because Sina was using UC to threaten Makino Technology's development, then now that Li Mu targeted other portals, it couldn't be explained with UC or instant messaging software. The only explanation was that Li Mu also wanted to start a portal!

Only this inference could explain Li Mu's intentions. Although he had not launched his own portal yet, he had already started to reduce the traffic and influence of other portals. This way, once Makino Technology's portal was launched, he would immediately place Makino Technology in the most prominent position in YY123 and direct tens of millions of users to his own portal. This way, other portals would suffer a huge blow. Chen Tong thought about it carefully.

The timing at which Li Mu revealed this intention was also very subtle. UC was disbanded yesterday, and today, Makino Technology fully accepted the 80 + employees. After accepting this batch of employees, they immediately started to attack other portals. This was enough to prove that Li Mu had planned this a long time ago. However, it was not difficult to guess why he chose this timing to do this. Li Mu must have wanted to start a portal long ago, but he was afraid of provoking a strong backlash from Sina. Hence, he planned to get rid of UC and snatch away the UC team so that Sina would no longer be a threat to them. Only then would he show his true fangs.

Thinking of this, Chen Tong could not help but sigh. Li Mu was really too ruthless. The reason why Sina took the initiative to cede territory and pay reparations was to give up the new business with an unknown future and to protect the core business that they relied on for a living. It was all because Li Mu would not touch its roots. He wanted to sacrifice the pawn to protect the car. However, he did not expect that after losing the pawn, Li Mu still wanted to get rid of the car!

In fact, UC to Li Mu was like the North Korean government's nuclear weapons to the US. Would the US really be afraid of North Korea's nuclear weapons?

Definitely not. Even if North Korea produced a nuclear bomb, they did not have the capability to send it out of East Asia. Hence, they could not pose any real threat to the US. It was just that they had the capital to disgust the US. Although the US was not afraid of him, in order not to be disgust, they would naturally think of all ways to get rid of North Korea's nuclear weapons. It was a pity that Sina did not understand this point. He ceded territory and paid reparations, abolished his martial arts. Now, to Li Mu, he had lost all the chips that could threaten him!