Chapter 1033

Li Mu and the others followed Lin Ching-ah out of the airport. There was already a high-class motorcade waiting outside. In the lead were several large Cadillac SUVs, followed by two Cadillac limousines, which looked no different from Air Force One. Behind the motorcade, there were also several SUVs, which looked particularly imposing.

Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah got into a limousine together. The back seat of the car was luxurious. Lin Ching-ah pressed a button on the armrest, and the window in front of them, which was connected to the driver's seat, immediately raised a thick layer of glass and lowered the curtains.

Seeing Li Mu's surprise, Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "I just found it on the way here. If you come to the United States often in the future, our American branch will buy one."

Li Mu smiled and said, "One car is boring. This motorcade is quite ostentatious. Why don't we just follow this standard, or get a motorcade that is a little higher than this standard?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong, the motorcade we rented is already a state-level motorcade. Except for the lack of police cars, it's no different from a state-level motorcade. If we really get such a motorcade, won't it be a little too exaggerated?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course we have to keep a low profile in China. No matter how well we develop, we have to be humble in our own home. But in the United States, it's different. We're at someone else's door, and we're not only representing ourselves, but also the business card of the entire Hua Xia Internet company. The Americans are watching us, and the people in China are also watching us, so at this time, we have to be high-profile."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Then why didn't you say so earlier? Wouldn't it be more high-profile if I brought dozens of media outlets to pick you up today?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "It's a little special this time. The reason why neither side has arranged media outlets or publicity is that I deliberately want to keep a low profile. There's no need to make a big fuss when we just arrived in the United States. I want to keep a low profile before the Americans figure out our strength. What I want is to make big news."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Li Zong, the big news you're talking about is to announce the amount of financing after we get the financing, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "If you want to let others know how rich you are, it's not enough to buy luxury cars and villas. You have to be on the rich list and let people know how much you are worth."

Lin Ching-ah felt that what Li Mu said was very reasonable. Although Makino Technology now had a certain influence in the United States, not all Americans understood the situation of the Internet industry, and not everyone understood finance., so they did not have a clear concept of Makino Technology.

The only concept that ordinary people could accurately grasp was to measure it with money.

It was meaningless to tell them how powerful a company was, how many users the product had, how loyal the users were, and so on. It was better to tell them directly how much the company was worth.

Li Mu had a deep understanding of this point.

In his previous life, before Alibaba went public, the people had no idea how powerful Alibaba was. They only knew about its Taobao and Tmall, but they did not know how much it was worth.

Alibaba became an Internet company that was sought after by the people of Hua Xia. Boss Ma, who was a good teacher, really stepped onto the world stage and showed off his skills on a global scale. In fact, it started when Alibaba went public and its market value exceeded 100 billion US dollars and 200 billion US dollars.

More than 200 billion US dollars and more than 100 billion yuan. Once this data was announced, the people truly understood how strong this company was.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "Qing Ya, I came prepared this time. The missile launchers at home have been set up. Once I start to sit down with the investors and talk, I will definitely fight a big battle with them. I need you to cooperate with me on the matter of public opinion. When I sit down with the people from Sequoia to talk, it will be the beginning of our high-profile in the United States. Once the negotiations start, your task is to let the eyes of the United States, and even the world, focus on this negotiation."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Li Zong, don't worry. I will do my best to cooperate with you."

Li Mu smiled slightly and nodded with satisfaction. He changed the topic back to the motorcade and said, "To be honest, there are still many uses for the motorcade. We have become a bridgehead in the United States. Except for the real national leaders, if the leaders from all over the country come to the United States to work, study, or attend any meetings, the United States government will not provide any motorcade services. However, if our Makino Technology's motorcade in the United States is in San Francisco, then in principle, any leader who goes to San Francisco in the future can use Makino Technology's motorcade for free as long as there is a need."

As he said this, Li Mu said, "Although the motorcade's ostentation is a little big, we are open and transparent. Naturally, it is reasonable and legal. The domestic public opinion will definitely be guided by the perspective of support and appreciation. There will be no negative impact."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I understand, Li Zong. I will arrange for the motorcade in the near future."

Li Mu said, "By the way, help me make an appointment with Microsoft's Bill Gates, Apple's Steve Jobs, and Google's Larry Page. Tell them that I personally admire them very much and hope to have the opportunity to meet and chat with them. It would be even better if we can have dinner together."

Lin Ching-ah said in surprise, "Li Zong, with your current value and the current influence of Makino Technology, isn't the word 'admire' a little too much?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a serious face, "Not at all. These people are the masters of the Internet industry. They have made great contributions to the entire Internet industry. Not to mention admiration, it is not too much to worship them. Just convey my words. If they are all interested, look at their schedules first. I will accommodate them."

"Okay."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and then said, "By the way, Elon Musk contacted me yesterday and asked me if you are coming to the United States soon. I did not reply to him clearly. He told me that if you are coming, let me tell you that he would like to take some time to visit you."

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "His excuse of wanting to see you sounds very similar to what you said to the other three people just now. It seems that Elon Musk admires you very much …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "This person is a little interesting. Maybe in the future, he will find another way and do something earth-shattering. You don't have to reply to him. Just give me his contact information. I will contact him."

Li Mu did not have much interest in alternative energy vehicles, but he had to admit that Elon Musk himself was a very interesting big shot. Such a person might not shine too much at the moment, but once his time came, he would definitely shine.

However, when he thought of Elon Musk, who was pursued by countless people in his previous life, waiting for him to come to the United States with admiration, Li Mu could not help but feel a sense of accomplishment.

Li Mu guessed that Elon Musk was now very proud of himself. When he sold PayPal, he wanted to use Li Mu to raise the price of PayPal to eBay. He did not expect to fall into the trap that Li Mu dug for him. As a result, PayPal was now jointly owned by eBay and Makino Technology. PayPal's market value had been rising rapidly. Elon Musk must have been grateful for his original decision. Otherwise, if he really sold PayPal, he would not be able to make money like today.

Although Elon Musk wanted to meet Li Mu, Li Mu did not put him on a high priority list. Not only was he ranked behind the investors, but he was also ranked behind the big shots in the industry that he wanted to meet. Li Mu did not have any in-depth plans for Elon Musk. It was not the right time to start Tesla. Li Mu was not very interested in aerospace technology. Therefore, for him, it was best for Elon Musk to work hard at PayPal for a few years and make PayPal a multi-billion dollar company. If Elon Musk wanted to start Tesla by then, Li Mu would have to buy 30% to 50% of the shares first.

…

As the motorcade traveled to Silicon Valley, Li Mu began to jump like a child.

Silicon Valley was like a holy place for every person in the Internet and electronics industry. Zhongguancun had always been sacred in Li Mu's heart. However, compared to Silicon Valley, the latter was like the Goddess of Mercy, while the former was like the God of Mercy. They were not on the same level at all.

Sitting in the car, looking at the various corporate logos on the street along the way, many of which were even the most powerful aircraft carrier companies in the future, Li Mu was even more excited.

Once upon a time, he dreamed of becoming a part of this place and contributing to the development of the Internet industry. He did not expect that now, he had opened a branch here. There were also well-known companies here: Apple, Google, IBM, Oracle, Intel, Nvidia, Cisco, and other leading companies. Li Mu believed that in the near future, Makino Technology would also become a top first-tier company here.

The motorcade slowly drove into the core area of the hinterland of Silicon Valley and stopped in front of a star hotel here. Everyone got out of the car and prepared to check in.

Originally, Lin Ching-ah's plan was to first pick up Li Mu and the others to Silicon Valley. After checking in at the hotel she had booked in Silicon Valley, everyone would have a good rest first. Then, at noon, a meeting would be arranged at the hotel, and the employees of Makino Technology who were currently in the United States would also be called over to welcome Li Mu and the others. Then, in the afternoon, they would go to Makino Technology's new company in Silicon Valley together.

However, after arriving at the hotel, Li Mu found that everyone was in a good state of mind. The eleven people who came with him slept all the way, and when they woke up, the plane had already arrived, so they were not sleepy at all. Moreover, as they had just arrived in the United States, everyone was still a little excited. At this time, not to mention sleeping, they did not even have the thought of yawning.