Chapter 208

Li Mu didn't do many good deeds in his previous life. In the final analysis, it wasn't because he didn't have a good heart, but because he had wasted his life in his previous life. Usually, when he encountered natural disasters, he could only do his best and donate one or two hundred yuan. Other than that, there was almost no single donation of more than one thousand yuan.

As the saying goes, a poor man should take care of himself. Li Mu had been on the path of taking care of himself in his previous life. However, things had changed a lot in this life. He had millions of yuan in cash in his pocket and a company that was valued at tens of millions of yuan. Although it was far from being able to help the world, at least he could help the people around him.

Everyone had their own definition of helping others. Some people thought that as long as they could eat their fill, they could help others. Some people thought that they had to eat well first before they could help others. Some people thought that they could only help others after eating the Manchu Han Imperial Feast. What's more, if they couldn't finish their food, they would rather throw it away than help others.

Li Mu didn't dare to say that he was the first kind of person, but at least he was close to the second kind.

Li Mu didn't think that he could get the money back after spending one hundred thousand yuan to treat Wang Yanan's mother. If Wang Yanan's mother could find a husband in the future, he would also sponsor a kidney transplant that cost two or three hundred thousand yuan. A life was at stake, so money was nothing. What's more, Li Mu always felt that Hu Zhengdao had a good temperament with him. This kid had a spirit in him, a spirit that dared to bear everything as a man.

Since he had already prepared to generously donate hundreds of thousands yuan in his heart, Li Mu naturally wouldn't mind spending another two thousand yuan a month to invite Sister Liu to come and add flowers to the brocade. As the saying goes, do good deeds to the end.

After parking the car in the parking lot in front of the Inpatient Department, Li Mu took Sister Liu straight to the Inpatient Department building. Before entering the Inpatient Department building, Li Mu also reminded Sister Liu, "It's better not to mention the fact that I have a car to them."

Big Sister Liu was a little confused, but she immediately nodded and agreed.

When he arrived at the ward, Wang Yanan and Zhao Ziqiu were accompanying the bed. As soon as Li Mu came in, Wang Yanan hurriedly stood up and greeted Li Mu. Although Wang Yanan's mother looked a little weak, she still greeted Li Mu gratefully while struggling to sit up.

Li Mu hurriedly stopped them and then introduced Big Sister Liu to the mother and daughter.

The mother and daughter originally thought that the middle-aged woman behind Li Mu was a relative of someone in the same ward. They didn't expect that it was actually a nurse that Li Mu had specially hired for Wang Yanan's mother.

Wang Yanan's mother waved her hands in panic. She had already learned from her daughter that Li Mu had "borrowed" 100,000 yuan to her daughter's boyfriend, Hu Zhengdao, and Hu Zhengdao had used the 100,000 yuan to treat her illness.

100,000 yuan was a huge amount of money for an adult like her, let alone a first-year student like Hu Zhengdao. Wang Yanan's mother naturally knew that Hu Zhengdao couldn't afford the money at all. Moreover, she could also see that Li Mu didn't care whether Hu Zhengdao could afford the money or not. Therefore, in her heart, not only was she grateful to Hu Zhengdao, who was a very responsible boy, but she was also grateful to Li Mu for his generosity towards her illness.

100,000 yuan was already a favor that couldn't be repaid. How could she accept that Li Mu wanted to hire a nurse for her?

Faced with Wang Yanan's mother's tactful refusal, Li Mu only asked her, "Auntie, do you have any relatives in Yanjing besides Yanan?"

Wang Yanan's mother shook her head.

Li Mu then asked, "Classmates or friends?"

Wang Yanan's mother still shook her head.

Li Mu then said, "Even if you don't think for yourself, you have to think for Yanan and Zhengdao. They can't neglect their studies, but you can't leave them at all times. If Sister Liu is here, they can also study peacefully in school during school hours. Otherwise, their studies will be delayed for at least one month. I invited Sister Liu not only to let her take care of you, but also to let Yanan and Zhengdao relax."

Wang Yanan's mother raised her head and looked at her haggard daughter. She was suddenly speechless.

Reject?

In her current state, she didn't even have the ability to find a quiet place to commit suicide, let alone take care of herself. Her daughter or Hu Zhengdao wouldn't let her leave their sight. If she rejected the nurse that Li Mu brought, the two children wouldn't have the chance to relax in the future. Right now, their studies were the most important thing. What could her illness do?

If the two children's futures were ruined because of her, then she really couldn't absolve herself from the blame even if she died.

After a moment of silence, Wang Yanan's mother lightly nodded her head and said a word of thanks to Li Mu in a hoarse voice.

Li Mu let out a sigh of relief and said, "Sister Liu will be in charge of Auntie's three meals in the future. If the time permits, Sister Liu can make them at home and bring them over. If not, you can buy some food from a nearby restaurant. Auntie, if you want to eat anything in the future, you can directly tell Sister Liu."

Wang Yanan's eyes were red as she looked at Li Mu. She wanted to say some words of thanks, but she felt that words were really too weak.

At the same time, she was also very glad that she got together with Hu Zhengdao. Thinking back to when Hu Zhengdao was pursuing her, a few girls in the dormitory reminded her that Hu Zhengdao looked like the kind of person who came from a very ordinary family. His clothes were very ordinary and even a little old-fashioned, and he didn't even have a phone. With such a poor family background, it must be very difficult to be in a relationship with him.

At that time, she didn't know why she was bewitched and actually fell in love with him. After these few months of contact, she had long since determined that Hu Zhengdao was an extremely responsible boy, and he also made her feel very safe. This time, when her mother was found to be seriously ill, Hu Zhengdao didn't leave her side and did his best. This made her extremely grateful. Most importantly, if it wasn't for Hu Zhengdao's relationship, how could Li Mu take out so much money to help her?

In fact, he did it because of Hu Zhengdao's face.

After everything was arranged properly, Li Mu felt that he couldn't help much if he stayed here as a man. Instead, he would cause more trouble, so he didn't stay in the hospital for too long and left. Wang Yanan wanted to see Li Mu off, but Li Mu didn't let her. He asked her to stay in the ward to accompany her mother. Zhao Ziqiu, who had been silent at the side, said, "Let me see you off."

Li Mu nodded.

Walking side by side with Zhao Ziqiu out of the inpatient building, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "You took out so much money. Are you tight?

I still have some money here. I was going to give it to Yanan, but you said not to let her feel that she owes a lot of people, so I didn't say anything. If you're tight, you can use it first. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Keep it for yourself. I'm not tight at all."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him in surprise, "You spent more than 100,000 yuan in one go. You're not tight?

Where did you get so much money?

Didn't 3321 say that it wouldn't make a profit? "

Li Mu said, "It's not the money from 3321. I earned it from other things. You've been to Yucheng Garden. I didn't just do 3321."

Zhao Ziqiu said stubbornly, "You have more important things to do, so you can't be short of money. I still have more than 200,000 yuan. Why don't you take it first? It's okay if you don't need it. If Yanan's mother needs money later, you can give it to her directly."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said, "Oh, you actually have so much personal savings!"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It's all some red envelopes from the past, and some rewards from parents and relatives."

Li Mu asked curiously, "More than 200,000 yuan? How long did you save it?"

Zhao Ziqiu said casually, "I don't know. Anyway, I didn't deliberately save money. I just spent the rest."

Li Mu was stunned and said with a smile, "I didn't expect you to be a little rich woman."

Zhao Ziqiu blushed and said, "I'm not showing off to you. I mean it. Why don't we meet at noon tomorrow and go to the bank to transfer the money to you? If you don't use it in the end, you can return it to me."

Li Mu looked at Zhao Ziqiu's cute blushing face and said happily, "I appreciate your kindness, little rich woman Zhao, but I really don't need money. If I did, I wouldn't pretend to be fat at my own cost. I'm not that kind of person."

Zhao Ziqiu stamped her feet and said, "What kind of name is that? It's so unpleasant."

Li Mu joked, "It's better than you calling me Dahei, isn't it?"

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this, she burst into laughter. She thought of the text messages between them last night. She said that her best male friend in Yan Jing was Dahei, which was actually to tease Li Mu. Now that Li Mu said it to her face, her pretty face became redder, but she deliberately curled her lips and said, "How do you know that the name Dahei is for you?

Or is it for someone else? "

Li Mu rolled his eyes and said, "Well, it doesn't matter if it's someone else. Anyway, it's a very unpleasant name, and I don't like it."

Zhao Ziqiu wrinkled her nose at Li Mu and asked him, "Are you really not short of money?"

Li Mu smiled bitterly, "Sister, how many times have I said that I'm really not short of money?"

"That's good."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "Then I won't ask you. Anyway, remember to find me if you're short of money. If my money is not enough, I can help you find a way."

Li Mu was moved. He smiled and said, "Okay, I'll remember. What's your plan tonight?

Are you going back or staying here with Yanan? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I'll go up and have a look later. If she's willing to let Sister Liu stay here, I'll go back to school with her. If she's not, I'll stay with her overnight."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Pay attention to rest. Don't be too tired."

"I know. Don't worry. Hurry back."

"Well, I'm leaving. Bye."

Li Mu walked away, and Zhao Ziqiu also turned to go upstairs. After a few steps, she couldn't help but turn back and run back to the door. She wanted to silently watch Li Mu walk away, but she didn't expect that Li Mu, who had just walked a short distance, took out the car key and got into a brand-new Buick GL8.