Chapter 458

Li Mu sent Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran home and told Su Yingxue to take good care of Wang Xinran. After watching them enter the neighborhood, he started the car and left.

Su Yingxue took Wang Xinran home. Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua also came back after eating and drinking. Seeing them come back, Su Yuehua couldn't help but ask with a smile, "How did you two eat?"

Wang Xinran said softly, "Very good. I'll go back to my room first." Then she went straight to her room.

Su Yingxue hurried to catch up with her and said, "Xinran, let's sleep together tonight."

Seeing the two of them enter Wang Xinran's room one after another, Wang Shaohua couldn't help but ask his wife in a low voice, "Why does it seem like our daughter is still unhappy?"

Su Yuehua said, "That's not bad. Do you expect her to be lively as soon as she comes home?"

Wang Shaohua waved his hand and said, "That's not true."

Su Yuehua said, "Alright, let's stay in the living room. Our daughter will feel uncomfortable when she comes out to wash up later. Let's go back to our room to wash up and sleep."

Wang Shaohua shrugged and said, "Alright, let's go back to our room first. We'll talk about other things tomorrow."

Su Yuehua also stood up. As they walked to their room, she said, "Go to work as usual tomorrow. I'll take another day off to accompany Xinran at home."

At night, Xu and Dan, who had been taken out by the security guards of Fayue Restaurant, rushed back to the Film Academy as fast as they could. They tried to correct all the tampered scores of the art examination before the media started to make trouble. At the same time, they called their families and asked them to immediately go to the homes of their relatives to refund the money. They had to refund all the money before dawn. But the problem was that the bribes they had accepted had already been deposited in the bank. Now they each had more than one million yuan of gray income to return, but where could they get so much cash in the middle of the night?

However, as soon as they heard that the two of them were in such a critical situation, both of their families frantically called their relatives and friends to borrow money and raise cash. Whether or not there would be any leeway depended on whether or not they could settle these two matters by tonight.

However, they did not know that the media spread the news very quickly.

When the two of them were busy changing the scores at the Film Academy, the director, secretary, and other leaders of the Film Academy heard about it from the media people who were familiar with them. Then, they were furious and attached great importance to it. They immediately called Xu and Dan and asked them two questions sternly. First, how did they offend Li Mu? Second, whether it was true that the scores were changed.

How could Xu and Dan dare to admit that they had changed the marks? They could only say that they had made a mistake because of a little negligence in their work. Unexpectedly, the student had some relationship with Li Mu, so they had angered Li Mu.

Of course, the director knew how influential Li Mu was in the education system and the media system. No matter whether what his two subordinates said was true or not, he was most concerned about the reputation of the school. If Li Mu really made a big news, he did not care whether Xu and Dan lived or died. What he cared about was that as the director, he would inevitably be implicated.

Therefore, the director strictly demanded on the phone, "The media has already started to publish the news or are preparing to publish it. I don't care whether you two did what Li Mu said or not, and I don't care what methods you use. Even if you kowtow to me and beg for mercy, you must make Li Mu stop pursuing this matter. Otherwise, just wait for the public security, the procuratorate, and the people's court to investigate. Even if the investigation results are out and you two are innocent, don't think about staying in the Film Academy in the future!"

Xu and Dan had no way out now. Either Li Mu would send them to jail, or Li Mu would kick them out of the Film Academy. The key to all this was Li Mu. And the reason why Li Mu was so stubborn with them was because of Wang Xinran's and Chen Yueyue's scores.

At this moment, the two of them were filled with regret. Back at Fayue, Li Mu had given them a chance. At that time, as long as they didn't play dumb with Li Mu and agreed to change their scores back within 24 hours and apologize, perhaps Li Mu would not be as stubborn as he was now. Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret in the real world.

After thinking about it again and again, the two of them finally made a decision. They first changed the score file, then made a new one for Wang Xinran. Then, they found Wang Xinran's home address from the student registration file. The two of them carried the notice and two anxious hearts as they headed to Wang Xinran's home that very night to apologize.

It was almost 11 pm. Su Yingxue and Wang Shaohua were lying on the bed chatting. Wang Xinran and Wang Xinran were also lying on Wang Xinran's bed, unable to fall asleep. Wang Xinran didn't speak much, staring blankly at the ceiling. Su Yingxue stayed by her side, occasionally saying a few words about the past in an attempt to lighten the mood between the two of them.

Wang Xinran suddenly turned to look at Su Yingxue's side profile and asked curiously, "Sis, how did you meet such a good man like brother-in-law?"

Su Yingxue turned to look at her and smiled faintly. "Didn't I tell you? We were high school classmates."

Wang Xinran nodded and said, "I know that. Actually, what I wanted to ask was, how did the two of you end up together?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment before saying, "If we're just talking about the process, then it's that he confessed to me and I agreed. But if we're going deeper, I actually had feelings for him back in high school, and I could feel that he had feelings for me too. However, neither of us told the other about it. After he got into the National People's Congress, I felt that my feelings for him suddenly rose to the level of liking him. Subconsciously, I felt that if he confessed to me, then I would agree to be with him. Perhaps you can also understand that I already wanted to be with him back then, but I was just waiting for him to confess to me."

Wang Xinran sighed softly and said sincerely, "I really envy you. If only I could find a boyfriend like brother-in-law after I go to college."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "You, don't always call him brother-in-law in front of him in the future."

Wang Xinran rarely laughed and asked her, "What's wrong? Are you shy?"

Su Yingxue's eyes were slightly evasive. She said, "It's not that I'm shy. It's mainly because I'm afraid that he'll feel awkward. Let's talk in private. I don't mind what you want to say."

Wang Xinran nodded. "I know, I'll be careful in the future … Oh, by the way, where did brother-in-law get so much money?

His previous car was brand new. Why did he change to another one?

The Benz he drove today must have cost millions, right? "

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and sighed softly. "I don't know where he got so much money. He doesn't go to classes often. I'm not sure what he's doing exactly. However, 3321 has an Alipay company that he set up. It seems to be working with some other companies now and has some income."

Wang Xinran's face was full of admiration. "That's amazing. I don't even know when my dad will be able to drive a Benz …"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "When it's time to drive it, he'll naturally drive it. You just think about it all day long."

Wang Xinran smiled embarrassedly and asked her, "Sister, do you think brother-in-law can help me change my score back?"

Su Yingxue didn't know much about Li Mu, but she knew 3321 very well. When she thought of Li Mu's attitude today and the words he said to Zhang Lan and her son, Xu and Dan, she knew that Li Mu would definitely be able to solve this problem.

Therefore, she said seriously, "Don't worry, he will definitely be able to. I estimate that it will be done as soon as tomorrow."

Wang Xinran's face was filled with uncontrollable joy. She said, "Brother-in-law is really amazing. He scared the two directors so much that they knelt down. They almost kowtowed to him."

As she said that, Wang Xinran fell into deep thought again and said in a low voice, "If the score is really changed back, I actually still want to go to the Film Academy …"

Su Yingxue said, "When the score is changed back, it's up to you to decide whether you want to go or not."

Wang Xinran nodded gently.

As they were talking, there were a few knocks on the door. Wang Xinran curiously muttered, "It's already eleven o 'clock. Who's knocking on the door?"

Su Yingxue put her arms around her neck and said with a smile, "It's probably looking for Aunt or Uncle. Alright, don't worry so much. Go to bed early."

In the master bedroom.

Su Yuehua was a little surprised when she heard the knocks on the door. She asked her husband, "Who could it be so late?"

Although Wang Shaohua was also very surprised, he still said with a smile, "We won't know who it is until we open the door. You lie down, I'll go and have a look."

As he said that, Wang Shaohua got up and went to the living room in his pajamas. He subconsciously opened the door. Because he hadn't adapted to the light, he opened the door and looked outside. He didn't see anyone. Wang Shaohua frowned and was about to close the door when he suddenly heard two thumps under his feet. He was so scared that he instinctively jumped back. When he looked carefully, he found that a man and a woman were kneeling at the door, and they had just kowtowed to him …

What the hell …

Wang Shaohua was so scared that he exclaimed, "What are you doing!?"

Knocking on the door and kowtowing in the middle of the night was not just incredible, it was simply appalling.

Director Xu said in a tearful voice, "Hello, Mr. Wang, I'm Xu Yang, the director of the admission office of the Film Academy. This is Dan Juan, the director of the performance department of the Film Academy. We came here to apologize to your family …"

Wang Shaohua's brain was not enough to process it. He had never been to the Film Academy and didn't know the two directors of the Film Academy. But when he heard their identities, his worldview and values were subverted. His daughter failed the exam. Today, when his daughter was in the most pain, he even thought sadly that if he could make his daughter's dream of going to the Film Academy come true, he would go to the Film Academy and kneel to the leaders. But who would have thought that in the middle of the night, two people who claimed to be the directors of the Film Academy would come to his house and kneel to him …

Su Yuehua also heard the noise and came out of the bedroom. She was also shocked and scared when she saw the two people kneeling at the door. She couldn't help asking her husband, "Shaohua, what's going on?"

Wang Shaohua stammered, "I don't know. As soon as I opened the door, they were like this. They said they were the directors of the Film Academy. I don't know if it's true or not."