Chapter 1111

Li Mu and Wei Lan sat in the back of the GL8, and Zhou Zhan drove unhurriedly to Vanke Royal View. After Wang Yuanlang followed the two young men who stole the wallet into the alley, he began to look for the right opportunity to make a move.

The two young men were not old, probably around 20 years old. After the two of them stole Wei Lan's wallet, they quickly walked to a street lamp in the middle of the alley. One of them impatiently urged, "Quick, quick, quick, take it out and see how much money there is!"

The man took out Wei Lan's LV wallet and said excitedly, "Brother, we're rich this time!

This woman's wallet is worth at least 3,000 yuan! "

"So powerful?!" The other young man said in surprise, "What kind of wallet is worth so much money?!"

"LV's!" The man said, not caring about the other person's dumbfounded expression, he quickly unzipped the wallet.

After the wallet was unzipped, the two of them exclaimed at the same time!

There was no mobile payment these days, so Wei Lan's wallet was still very rich. There were more than 2,000 yuan, more than 1,000 Hong Kong dollars, and more than 300 US dollars.

When the two thieves saw the pile of colorful notes, they were so excited that they almost went crazy. Just as the leader was about to take out the money, he suddenly felt a strong force gripping his shoulders. The two of them turned their heads at the same time, only to find a cold face staring at them, and the owner of that face had two big hands gripping their shoulders.

"You … What do you want?!"

The young thief stammered, feeling guilty and terrified.

Wang Yuanlang sneered. He lifted his foot and kicked the kid who didn't take his wallet into the dirty garbage. Then, he freed his hand and snatched the wallet from the leading thief's hand. He quickly kicked him into the garbage and smashed him into the other thief's body.

Wang Yuanlang looked at the two of them and scolded in a cold voice, "Why are you still here?!"

The two of them knew that they met a master. From the strength of Wang Yuanlang's hand and the speed and strength of his kick, the two of them together were not his opponent. So, the two of them looked at each other and ran away while supporting each other.

Wang Yuanlang didn't chase after them when he saw them run away. He picked up his phone and called Li Mu. "Li Zong, Miss Wei's wallet has been recovered."

Li Mu glanced at Wei Lan beside him and said, "Then send it back. Did you see if anything is missing?"

Wang Yuanlang said, "There shouldn't be any missing. Those two thieves didn't have time to take anything out."

As he spoke, Wang Yuanlang subconsciously checked it.

"Cash, ID, bank and credit cards are all here."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good. Hurry up and come over."

"Alright."

Wei Lan didn't know that she had lost her phone. She was now in her most comfortable state because of the alcohol, so Li Mu didn't point it out.

When the car was about to arrive at Vanke Royal View, Wei Lan came back to her senses and felt a little awkward. It was almost 12 pm. If she got off the car here and Li Mu left, how could she go back to the hotel?

She didn't see any taxis pass by in the four directions …

Wei Lan felt helpless. She thought that no matter what, she had to get off the car first and wait for Li Mu to leave first.

After the GL8 stopped at the entrance of Vanke Royal View, Wei Lan, who was a little drunk, smiled and said to Li Mu, "Thank you, Li Zong. I was very happy today. When you return to Yanjing, let's find a chance to drink again. I'll leave first."

Li Mu smiled mysteriously and said, "You're leaving just like that?"

Wei Lan asked curiously, "What else?"

Li Mu asked her, "Did you notice that you're missing something?"

Wei Lan shook her head. "No …"

Li Mu saw her blank face and said helplessly, "Is your wallet still there?"

When Wei Lan heard this, she subconsciously touched her shoulder bag. When she touched it, Wei Lan was so scared that her whole body trembled.

Her wallet was missing!

Oh my god!

All of her cash, documents, and bank cards were in it, and her room card was also in it. If her wallet was lost, what would she do?!

She didn't even have the money to take a taxi back to the hotel, and she couldn't go back to her room. If she wanted to apply for the hotel to open the door, she would at least need to show her ID!

And how was she going to fly tomorrow?

If she couldn't return to Yanjing, how was she going to get a replacement card?

Wei Lan fell into despair.

Just then, Wang Yuanlang and another team member, Wu Xuewen, drove up. Wang Yuanlang pushed the door open and walked to the GL8, passing the wallet to Li Mu through the window.

Wei Lan recognized her wallet at a glance and immediately exclaimed, "Isn't this my wallet?

Why is it in … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Are you stupid? You don't even know that your wallet has been stolen. If it weren't for Old Wang, you would be in trouble."

With that, Li Mu handed the wallet to Wei Lan.

Wei Lan heaved a sigh of relief and patted her chest with lingering fear. "That scared me!

Scared me to death! "

With that, she looked at Wang Yuanlang outside the car and said gratefully, "Brother Wang, thank you so much."

Wang Yuanlang lightly said, "Miss Wei, you don't have to be so polite. It's what I should do."

Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "In the future, be more careful. When you go out, you must pack your money properly, especially your ID and bank cards. Don't put them all in your wallet. If you lose them, you'll lose everything."

Wei Lan stuck out her tongue and humbly accepted the criticism. "You're right. I'll definitely pay attention in the future."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Alright, I'll send you in."

Wei Lan was so scared that she waved her hands. "No need, it's getting late. You should go back and rest. I can walk in by myself. It's only a few steps."

Li Mu said very seriously, "If it was during the day, I would let you go in by yourself. But it's night and you drank a lot. How can I let you go in by yourself?"

Wei Lan thought to herself, "What should I do?" Before she could figure out a countermeasure, Li Mu had already gotten out of the car and said to her, "Alright, let's go."

Wei Lan had entered this community twice and knew the general situation in this community. Although the security guard at the gate of the community didn't interfere with pedestrians entering and exiting, the buildings had anti-theft doors. If Li Mu sent her in, wouldn't she be exposed?

However, Li Mu's expression didn't seem to be polite to her at all. Looking at him, Wei Lan knew that he must send her in today.

Wei Lan suddenly didn't know what to do. Li Mu urged her again. "Don't tell me you want to sleep in the car?"

Wei Lan could only bite the bullet and nodded. "Alright."

After getting out of the car, Wei Lan and Li Mu walked side by side into the community. As they walked, Wei Lan thought of a countermeasure in her mind. What should she do?

If Li Mu really insisted on sending her to her "bestie"'s house, then everything would be exposed.

After entering the community gate, the two walked in for one or two hundred meters. Wei Lan couldn't help but say to Li Mu, "Alright, let's stop here. I'm already an adult, so I can find my own place. As for you, you're so tired from work every day. Go back early and take a bath and rest."

Li Mu casually said, "No matter what, I have to watch you go upstairs. Otherwise, I won't be at ease."

Wei Lan felt a headache, but she immediately let out a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Li Mu only wanted to watch her go upstairs and not send her upstairs. In this case, as long as she found a unit with an open door, wouldn't it be fine?

Thinking of this, Wei Lan was slightly relieved. She began to cross the buildings with Li Mu. After passing three buildings, Li Mu subconsciously asked, "Not there yet?"

Wei Lan said without much confidence, "Soon, soon."

After saying that, she was already anxious to death. If she couldn't find a unit that wasn't closed, she really wouldn't be able to pretend anymore!

As she was thinking, she suddenly saw that the door of the first unit of the building diagonally in front of her was half open. It seemed that the return spring was broken, or it was blocked by something, so Wei Lan immediately pointed to the building and said to Li Mu, "Here, it's that building."

Li Mu nodded, and the two walked to the door of the first unit. Wei Lan opened the half-closed unit door and said to Li Mu, "Alright, I'm going up. You should go back early too."

"Okay." Li Mu smiled and said, "You go up, I'm leaving."

"En."

Wei Lan nodded, turned around, and entered the unit. She went to the elevator and pressed the button for the fifth floor. When she reached the fifth floor, she looked through the window of the stairwell and saw that Li Mu had just turned around and was walking back. Wei Lan finally let out a sigh of relief and decided to wait a few minutes before going down. Then, she would go around to another gate and see if she could get a taxi back to the hotel.

When she thought about how she had to go back to the hotel in the middle of the night, Wei Lan couldn't help but feel a little depressed. Lying was really not a good thing. Once a lie was told, it required countless lies and actions to make up for it. Moreover, there was always a sense of guilt, which was really uncomfortable.

Li Mu left the community and got into the GL8. Zhou Zhan was still driving, but Wang Yuanlang also sat in the front passenger seat of this car, and Wu Xuewen drove the other car.

Zhou Zhan started the car and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, let's go back?"

Li Mu nodded. "Let's go back."

At this time, Wang Yuanlang hesitated for a moment and finally made a decision. He said, "By the way, Li Zong, there's something I don't know if I should tell you."

Li Mu asked him, "What's wrong? Tell me."

Wang Yuanlang organized his words and said carefully, "Just now, I got back Miss Wei's wallet from the two thieves. You asked me to check if anything was missing. I roughly looked. In addition to cash, ID card, and bank card, I also found a hotel room card, which was placed next to a pile of cash."

Li Mu subconsciously frowned. "Hotel room card?

What hotel room card? "

Wang Yuanlang said, "Crowne Plaza Shenzhen …"

"Ah?" Li Mu frowned even tighter. "The room card of Shenzhen?

In Wei Lan's wallet? "

"Yes."

Wang Yuanlang nodded and said, "I think Miss Wei may not live in this community …"

Wang Yuanlang didn't say the rest of the sentence.

Li Mu wasn't an idiot. When he heard this and combined it with Wei Lan's behavior just now, he immediately understood. He said in surprise, "Could it be that Wei Lan has been living in a hotel these days?"

…