Chapter 1307

If Li Mu had any dreams in the domestic Internet industry, it would probably be "Godfather".

The huge success of Makino Technology had established his position as a super leader in the Internet industry in Hua Xia. Not to mention, among his other businesses, there was Taobao and Alipay. If he could incubate these two super products, Li Mu would definitely become the world's unique leader in the Internet industry. If Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook rose, he would be crowned as a global business god.

However, in reality, this so-called leader was only a ranking. Other than fame, the actual influence was basically limited to one's own ecosystem. It could not cover the entire industry.

Teng Xun's ecosystem was very strong, and so was Ali's. However, the two super big bosses did not have the ability to set the rules in the entire industry. Teng Xun could decide the development direction of QQ and Wechat, but not the development direction of the entire instant messaging industry. If one day, Wechat wanted to eliminate marginal information in its own system, competitors like Momo would definitely not follow suit. On the contrary, it might increase its investment in marginal information to widen the gap between itself and the behemoth Wechat.

The same logic could be applied to Ali. If Boss Ma had a noble character and cracked down on all fake goods on Taobao, other e-commerce platforms would definitely not follow his lead.

In Hua Xia, the Internet was an innovative industry, and it was also an industry that was less regulated by the state. Especially in the first ten years of the Internet in Hua Xia, the state and the employees were all feeling the stones to cross the river. No one knew to what extent the industry would develop. Therefore, the state gave the industry a more relaxed policy. Under this premise, some employees gradually ignored their own moral constraints in order to pursue profits.

Li Mu knew this industry too well. A large group of people with high IQs racked their brains every day to think of shortcuts to success. As long as their subjective thinking was slightly off track, it was possible to give birth to a gray or even illegal industry model. Then, it would be quickly scaled up and industrialized. Many industry models were innovated so fast that the speed of legislation could not keep up.

The time needed for a new law to go from the germination of a requirement to its final form to its official implementation could be calculated in years, but the speed at which people on the Internet iterated was so fast that it was slow even if it was calculated in days.

In this case, the law could only be used as a remedial measure. If they wanted to nip the problem in the bud, they would have to see who could make these highly intelligent people abide by the necessary industry standards and moral bottom line.

The biggest problem with the internet game in Hua Xia was not that people did not follow the rules of the game, but that no one really came up with a set of rules. Moreover, even if someone wanted to come up with rules, it would depend on whether the person who came up with the rules could push the rules to the whole industry.

Those who could really come up with a set of rules and could push the rules to the whole industry were basically recognized as the godfathers of the industry. Although the godfathers of the industry did not have the real power to enforce the law, they had enough influence and charisma to make the majority of people in the industry willing to follow the rules set by them. In addition, more importantly, they needed to have enough influence to make the majority of people in the industry stand by this "godfather" without hesitation when faced with rule-breakers, isolating and punishing the rule-breakers together with him.

In this special era where industry autonomy was needed, Li Mu hoped that he could become the godfather of this industry and set the basic rules of the game for this industry, rules of the game that were in line with moral standards.

If he could do this, he could put an end to the evil of people in this industry to a great extent. When that time came, he did not need to directly punish the evil people. He only needed to stop the evil people from doing evil, and the evil people would naturally not do evil again.

For example, in the future, if there was an internet company that openly pirated intellectual property online, Li Mu could completely block all the information of the company from all the search engines in the country, especially the keyword search. This way, the website that did pirated novels, audio, and video would to a great extent be cut off from the source of traffic.

At the same time, Li Mu could also make all the internet companies unite and not buy advertisements from the pirated websites. This way, even if the pirated websites could still maintain a part of the traffic, they would not be able to cash in on the traffic, and would become completely useless.

Pirated websites also needed costs. The domain name, server, bandwidth, manpower, crawling, technology, search engine optimization, these all needed to be operated at a cost. The reason why these costs were invested in this matter was to exchange for traffic to cash in on. If the traffic was cut off, the way to cash in on it would be cut off, and the pirated websites would not have any profit margin, so naturally, they would give up.

In the future, if there was a website or search engine that did unscrupulous advertising for fake medicine or Putian hospital, Li Mu could make the entire industry "ban" it. This ban would not be based on any laws or regulations, but based on the rules of the game that he had set for the industry.

The internet itself was an industry where countless subdivisions worked together to create value. If an internet company could not work together with other companies in the same industry, then its value would definitely be greatly discounted, or even fall to the bottom. This would force the company to turn over a new leaf.

On one hand, Li Mu wanted to fight for more donations and help for the Internet industry's charity night. On the other hand, he wanted to take this opportunity to gather people from all over the industry and start instilling the right mindset into the people in this industry. Then, he would gradually set the rules of the game.

…

The reporters who were camping at the airport saw almost all the famous people in the internet industry in Hua Xia. Of course, Boss Ma and his subordinates, who were already in criminal custody and awaiting trial, were not among them.

After these internet entrepreneurs got off the plane, they directly boarded the bus arranged by the staff. Every half an hour, there would be a special bus carrying these industry insiders from the airport to the hotel.

Although the charity night only started at night, many industry insiders arrived at the venue in advance to meet Li Mu in advance. Among them was Baidu's Li Zong.

Since the rise of Makino Technology, the development of the entire internet industry in Hua Xia had increased dramatically. The number of netizens was also increasing rapidly. After Makino Technology shone internationally, the American capital became more interested in Hua Xia's internet company. They were also more optimistic about the future of Hua Xia's internet company. Although Baidu's business was only developing steadily, the American capital behind it had been eagerly urging Baidu to speed up its development and strive to be listed in the United States next year.

Naturally, Li Zong also hoped to be listed as soon as possible. Before it was listed, the valuation and net worth were just numbers. Once it was listed, it would have real market value and would have the best channel to cash out. The ultimate goal of most entrepreneurs was to be able to get their own company listed.

After being listed, the company would obtain the corresponding price-to-earnings ratio, and the valuation would become the market value. The entrepreneur could then choose to let the market price rise, and then cash out and exit. Of course, entrepreneurs with more foresight would choose to continue to work hard to make their company bigger. However, no matter what choice they made, they had to think of all ways to get their company listed first. If the stage of entrepreneurship was said to be unprotected rock climbing, then being listed was equivalent to adding a safety rope to oneself.

If Baidu wanted to be listed, it was still a little weak to solely rely on its search engine business. Such a business model was not enough to support it to complete its IPO. Therefore, in terms of business model, it had to expand. Li Mu's Easy Listening website and Star Tieba were the products that Baidu hoped to get the most.

Li Zong had always wanted to get the Easy Listening website, but although Li Mu said that he was willing to transfer the Easy Listening website, there was no news. Now, the Easy Listening website had basically achieved a monopoly on online music and music downloads on the mainland. A large number of music users no longer searched for music through search engines, but directly chose to open the Easy Listening website to complete the operation. This was a huge loss to Baidu's traffic.

For search engines, the last thing they wanted to see was the rise of large vertical websites. The rise of portals would cut off the search engine's traffic to a large extent. Users originally liked videos, but later learned to open Youku or iQIYI directly. This part of the traffic would be lost from Baidu's hands. Users originally liked hot news, but later on, with the emergence of Weibo, a considerable number of users would directly enter Weibo to search. Users who liked IT products gradually learned to directly open Zhongguancun Online, and users who liked cars learned to directly enter Home of Cars. The more such vertical portals, the more impact Baidu's traffic would have.

But now, compared to vertical categories such as cars and IT products, the audience of music was the largest and the most. Therefore, the Easy Listening website became the product that Li Zong dreamed of.

As for Tieba, Li Zong did not have much hope because Tieba's traffic was now huge, and its potential value was also very high. It was so high that Baidu's size could no longer swallow it. If he wanted to take down the Easy Listening website and Tieba together, Baidu must find the capital behind it to get enough leverage and then try to swallow Tieba.

In fact, in addition to these two products, Li Zong was also coveting Li Mu's YY123.

The traffic of the YY123 website portal had exceeded everyone's expectations, and in terms of impact, this thing had the most direct impact on the engine.

A considerable part of Baidu's traffic came from users' directional searches for specific websites. For example, users could not remember the domain name, so every time they opened Qidian, they would first search for the keywords "Qidian" or "", and then open the homepage of Qidian through the results of the search engine.

However, with the widespread popularity of YY123, this part of the users no longer needed to do directional searches through Baidu. They only needed to open YY123 and click on "Qidian" in the novel category of YY123. Moreover, they could go to most of the famous websites in the country or even the world through YY123.

Therefore, most of the directional search traffic on Baidu had been hijacked by YY123. In his previous life, Baidu could still get back this part of the traffic by acquiring Hao123, but in this life, Hao123 had been killed by Li Mu, and Baidu had no other choice.