Chapter 1583

Unlike George McMillan, William McMillan was more or less capable.

At the very least, his ability to judge the current situation was many times better than that of his ignorant and incompetent son.

Back then, Li Mu had beaten his son in front of him. Not only did his son feel humiliated, but he, as the father, felt even more humiliated. Even the entire McMillan family was humiliated because of him.

However, he knew that there was nothing he could do. Li Mu was too shrewd. He would only do it if he had something on him. Personal attack, racial discrimination, and ethnic discrimination. Even if Li Mu beat George McMillan half to death on the spot, no one would think that he was wrong. Instead, they would think that George McMillan deserved it.

Now, his stupid son had made the same mistake again, and the target was Li Mu …

In William McMillan's eyes, there was no need to care about Li Mu buying the Manchester City team. However, his son did not care. He felt that Li Mu coming to Manchester and buying the city was a provocation and a slap in his face. He insisted on fighting to the death with Li Mu. He did not expect Li Mu to play dirty again.

William McMillan broke out in a cold sweat when he heard Li Mu's Twitter song "The Great Manchester United". Li Mu's publicity power was global. Such a big scandal suddenly became known all over the world. The McMillan family's fertility was bound to be greatly affected!

How would the McMillan family gain a foothold in Europe in the future?

Such a big scandal would always be used by others to attack them. What's more, George McMillan's mistake was not only blatant discrimination, but also wanton trampling on the rules.

Fortunately, Ferguson shared the blame for the trampling on the rules. Otherwise, if the McMillan family took the blame, they would really be spurned to death by the people of England.

George McMillan was scolded badly by his father, but he did not dare to refute. He could only say in a muffled voice, "Dad, I was wrong. I'm sorry …"

"What's the use of apologizing?!"

William McMillan roared angrily. "You must immediately publicly apologize to the whole society, especially to Li Mu and the people of Hua Xia!"

In William's eyes, if George McMillan did not apologize, given Li Mu's temper, he would not let it go. As long as Li Mu was not satisfied, George McMillan would never have a day of peace.

After all, whether it was in terms of publicity ability, capital strength, or social status, George McMillan was far inferior to Li Mu. It was too easy for Li Mu to mess with him. A single Twitter post could bring so much power. What would happen if he sent one every few days in the future?

At that time, George McMillan would basically be able to say goodbye to any public occasions. No matter where he went, there would be people holding up signs to protest and make an issue of his inappropriate remarks. At that time, the entire McMillan family would not agree to let George be the next leader. If they lost control of the McMillan family, everything would be over.

This was not an ordinary battle for position. In a huge family like the McMillan family, this was like a battle for the throne. Princes and nobles were everywhere, but there was only one emperor. The difference in power between them was like heaven and earth.

George McMillan also realized the seriousness of the problem. He immediately agreed honestly and asked his father, "How should I apologize?"

William McMillan said coldly, "Get back to London right now. I'll arrange a time for you to make a video apology to the global audience on BBC!

You must put your posture at the lowest level, and your attitude must be the most sincere!

It's best if you cry! "

"A video apology?!" George McMillan blurted out, "This … This is too shameful …"

George McMillan had thought that he would just make a public statement and find a publicist in the family to draw up a copy. However, he had not expected that his father would actually ask him to go to the television station and apologize to the world. Wasn't this a big f * cking shame?

William McMillan roared angrily, "Don't give me nonsense!

Get back to London right now. I'll arrange for a Manchester Airlines helicopter to pick you up. If you dare to delay any more time, don't come back! "

George McMillan had to shrug his head and say, "Don't worry, Dad. I'll go back now."

When he hung up the phone and looked at Ferguson again, he was already sighing with worry.

He knew in his heart how big a hole he had poked. He dared to go against the rules of the entire Premier League for a player, and he even said it so shamelessly that he was caught. Such a thing could get him fired from Manchester United, or he could be directly kicked out of the Premier League.

CEO David Gill was extremely glad that he was not pretentious or talkative when the Manchester City CEO came.

At this time, Li Mu sent another Twitter message.

After he published the dark humor of the song, he did not let these guys go. He had just entered the Premier League, and someone dared to show off to him. If he did not beat the shit out of him, how could he survive in the Premier League in the future?

Therefore, what Li Mu wanted to do was to be a fierce tiger going down the mountain and a dragon going out to sea. As soon as he arrived, he would kill all the opponents who dared to confront him and establish a king's demeanor in the future so that everyone would be in awe.

It just so happened that the Manchester United team could be used as a sacrifice for him.

The second Twitter message was a brain map drawn by Li Mu himself. In this brain map, he detailed the contradictions between the Manchester City team and the Manchester United team.

For example, at first, the Manchester City team hoped to trigger Cristiano Ronaldo's liquidated damages clause in accordance with the contract and the Premier League's regulations. The Manchester City team did everything in accordance with the law and did not violate any rules.

But then, Manchester United began to act shamelessly. Not only did their senior executives make racist and ethnic remarks, but they also violated the rules with their manager through the Football Association.

The process of the Manchester United team's violations was also clearly drawn by Li Mu: the first step was to appeal to the Football Association to annul the liquidated damages payment in the contract with Cristiano Ronaldo. At this step, the Manchester United team completely disregarded the spirit of the contract and made trouble without reason.

The second step was that the Football Association should have directly rejected this unreasonable complaint that trampled on the rules, but this group of old English bureaucrats gave the Manchester United team a backdoor. Such a ridiculous and unreasonable complaint was actually passed by the Football Association through the preliminary review and began to queue for a hearing. This was f * * king nonsense.

The third step was for the English Football Association to deliberately ignore Manchester City's appeal. It was not until the CEO of Manchester City arrived at the English Football Association that they reluctantly accepted the appeal. However, they delayed the review and hearing time of the reasonable appeal to create a window of time for Manchester United.

The Football Association and the Manchester United team engaged in this shady business entirely to delay the time until the summer transfer window closed, so as to really play the role of blocking the Manchester City team from buying Cristiano Ronaldo!

After Li Mu expressed the detailed brain map in both Chinese and English, he wrote a statement in both Chinese and English. The statement was as follows:

"In the past few hours, I was deeply angry at the shamelessness of the Manchester United team. I never thought that someone would so blatantly trample on the rules and make racist remarks.

I also never thought that the English Football Association, the governing body of the Premier League, would make such a decision without professionalism and ethics. They made the rules of the Premier League, and they trampled on the rules they made. In that case, what was the point of making the rules?

Deceiving all the Premier League teams and the audience?

If the Manchester United Football Club and the English Football Association do not give a clear, sincere and convincing solution, the Manchester City Football Club will refuse to play in any game this season!

I hope that the fans, netizens and people around the world with a sense of justice can monitor this shameless farce and see when these clowns are willing to end it! "

There had never been a club owner who dared to publicly criticize the Football Association. Li Mu was the first.

He was not afraid at all because he knew that the Football Association had completely fallen into a passive position in the face of this matter. The harder he pressed, the more panicked and afraid they would be. If the Football Association still did not give him a satisfactory answer at this point, then he would spare no effort to fire at the Football Association in the future. At worst, he would give up the Manchester City team and stop playing the Premier League, but he would still crush the Football Association like a dead dog.

As soon as this statement came out, the Football Association was in chaos!

Li Mu's hot-blooded behavior of directly firing at the injustice won the global netizens' pursuit. He defended his flag as a youth role model and defended his own character. As for the Football Association and Manchester United, they suddenly became the target of public criticism.

FIFA's official Twitter sent out a tweet five minutes after Li Mu's statement. The content was: FIFA has formally requested the English Football Association to explain the transfer of Manchester United's players within eight hours.

In the eyes of FIFA, the nature of this matter was quite bad. The English Football Association's actions had angered Li Mu, which was then spread around the world. It had greatly affected the reputation of FIFA and other football associations around the world. It was a scandal for the entire FIFA!

The real person in charge of the English Football Association gathered a few of his core executives and gave them a good scolding. The one who suffered the worst was the executive who had directly helped Ferguson with the entire process. He was immediately dismissed without any room for buffer.

Subsequently, the Football Association began to hold an emergency meeting to discuss how to deal with this reputation crisis, as well as how to punish the Manchester United Football Club.

Half an hour later, they had discussed an emergency plan:

First, the Football Association would remove the officials involved and immediately reject the Manchester City team's appeal. At the same time, the Manchester City club must abide by the contract and let Cristiano Ronaldo transfer;

At the same time, the Football Association would formally apologize to fans and people around the world, review their own management shortcomings, and promise to the public to accept supervision;

Secondly, they would issue a number of punishment decisions to Manchester United.

After intense discussion, a preliminary version of the punishment plan was decided:

The first was their board member, George McMillan, who was fined 500,000 pounds for racist remarks and banned from any football-related activities for a year;

The second was the manager, Ferguson, who openly defied the rules and tried to exploit loopholes in the rules through his connections. He was fined 300,000 pounds and banned for the season;

The third was the Manchester United Football Club fined 300,000 pounds.

This plan received 52% support when it was put to a vote. Just as the person in charge was about to finalize it, a senior executive suddenly said, "Everyone, do you think this punishment is really enough?"

A female executive nodded and said, "We have basically issued the largest fine in the history of the English Premier League, and the manager is banned for a season, which is really unprecedented. I believe the people should be satisfied."