Chapter 127

Li Mu did not expect Wu Shuai's act to be so coincidental.

Because Hua Xia had used the song "When You're Old" as the background music, Mu became popular. While "When You're Old" was popular all over the country, Mu's other song, "Zebra, Zebra," also gained a lot of fans, especially among college students.

Recently, it was the period of a shortage of folk songs. In the past, it was Shorty and Old Wolf. In the future, people like Li Zhi, Wan Xiaoli, Zhao Lei, and Song Dongye had not appeared or become popular yet. Therefore, in this era of a shortage of folk songs, "Zebra, Zebra," was particularly rare among folk song lovers.

With this analysis, it was not surprising that Wu Shuai would choose to sing this song.

Wu Shuai's voice was not bad. It was above average among amateurs. His guitar playing level was still on the way to the intermediate level. However, his singing did not have his own feelings. It was just a song. If one listened to it with their ears, they would not be able to capture any emotion. However, if one looked at it with their eyes, the emotion was too strong. This was because when he sang, his expression was a little too focused.

In summary, if Wu Shuai's musical talent was compared to Li Mu's, Li Mu could definitely teach him how to behave in a moment. If Wu Shuai knew that Li Mu was Mu, he would not even have the qualifications to learn how to behave in front of Li Mu.

Even so, Wu Shuai's singing still attracted a lot of applause and cheers. Many girls were completely obsessed with him. Li Mu understood the minds of girls in this era. Most of them did not understand the importance of material things. They were more interested in appearance and feeling. Learning the guitar for two months and singing a few songs could trick many girls into throwing themselves into their arms. It was not like many years later, when artistic youths could play the guitar to perfection. It was still difficult to pick up girls without money.

Dou Xueli said to Li Mu, "I've heard Mu's original song. It's miles ahead of him."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Is it that amazing?"

"Of course!

His singing is just sh * t! "

Su Yingxue said to Li Mu, "Go to the Easy Listening website and listen. I think Muzi's voice is surprisingly good."

Li Mu nodded. He felt a sense of accomplishment for secretly showing off and running away.

Chen Wan sent a text message to Li Mu. "Did you go to a bar?"

"No."

"Then where did you watch others sing 'Zebra Zebra'?"

"Someone from my hometown will."

Li Mu told the truth.

Chen Wan replied, "Oh, I see. Take your time then, I won't disturb you."

"You seem to be very busy."

"Of course, there are a lot of things to do in school."

"Okay …"

After Wu Shuai finished singing, there were a few people who volunteered to go and perform. A few people went up and sang a few songs. Li Mu couldn't stay any longer. Just when he wanted to ask Su Yingxue and Sun Jian if they wanted to leave first, Wu Shuai actually came to Su Yingxue's side. Seeing that there was no place to sit, he put his arms on the table and said as if he was very familiar with her, "Yingxue, let's have dinner together tonight."

Su Yingxue glanced at him and said calmly, "Please call me by my full name."

Wu Shuai was stunned. He didn't expect the iceberg beauty to be so cold and arrogant. Just one sentence and she didn't give him any face.

However, Wu Shuai wasn't an idiot. He didn't seem to care and smiled. "Classmate Su Yingxue, do you want to have dinner together tonight?"

"No." Su Yingxue's answer was very straightforward.

Wu Shuai didn't give up. He said again, "Sophomores and juniors will all attend. Among us seniors, there are also many cadres of the student union. It will be good for the students in the future to get to know each other."

The student union of a key university was very powerful. Many national leaders in Hua Xia used to be the president of the student union in the university. In the political screening that was required to enter the important government departments, the student union background was also very useful. Moreover, the student union had a lot of privileges in the university. It could be said that there were many benefits and no disadvantages.

For those students who wanted to become national civil servants, the first thing they would do after entering the university was to find a way to enter the student union and work hard to get a position in the student union.

However, Wu Shuai misjudged Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue's goal was never to become a national civil servant or enter a state-owned enterprise. She liked economics and was eager to go abroad to further her studies. She had her own obsession with Wall Street. She wasn't obsessed with the money and exaggeration of Wall Street, but the kind of big talent in the financial field that could move the world. Therefore, for her, the student union was not in the scope of consideration at all. It could even be said that she avoided it.

Wu Shuai thought that he was very attractive, but in exchange, he only got four cold words from Su Yingxue: "Not interested."

Wu Shuai was angry in his heart. This woman was so stubborn. How could he make progress?

Damn, how many freshmen cried and shouted to enter the student union. How could she not be interested?

When he was anxious and didn't know what to do, a strange woman appeared on the scene and called out to Wu Shuai, "Xiao Wuzi."

When Wu Shuai heard this voice, he immediately looked back. Sure enough!

It was the beautiful and kind girl who looked like an angel, but to him, she was like a demon.

"Senior Sister Ai …" The confidence and pretentiousness on Wu Shuai's face disappeared in an instant. Instead, it was replaced by a look of fear and trepidation.

The woman who came was called Dong Ai. She was also a member of the student union. She was also a fourth-year student in the School of Economics. She had basically been recommended to the school's graduate school. Moreover, she was one of the most famous professors, Professor Zhu Min's disciple. She was definitely a powerful person. Not only that, she was also one of the three vice presidents of the National People's Congress Student Union. She was also the only woman among the four top leaders of the Student Union.

Dong Ai was very famous in the National People's Congress. Although her appearance was still a little short of the campus belle level, her status as a straight-A student in this school was absolutely a god-like existence. She was very respected by the undergraduates.

Dong Ai had never liked to participate in the activities of the student union. Anyway, since Wu Shuai entered this school, he had never seen Dong Ai participate. Wu Shuai entered the Student Union when he was a sophomore. At that time, he knew that one of the vice presidents of the Student Union turned out to be a fellow from Nansu, so he did everything possible to please her.

However, Dong Ai was a queen-level figure with high IQ and EQ. She could see Wu Shuai's purpose at a glance, so she always kept a certain distance from Wu Shuai. She even deliberately gave Wu Shuai the nickname Little Wu. Every time Wu Shuai shamelessly stuck close to her, she would use extremely clever means to pour a basin of cold water on him. Over time, Wu Shuai saw that she no longer stuck forward, but retreated in fear.

Wu Shuai, who had calmed down, was a little unhappy. Dong Ai called him Little Wu in public, which really made him lose face. However, he really couldn't afford to offend her, so he could only smile and ask, "Senior Sister Ai, why are you here?"

Dong Ai curled her lips and asked, "Why can't I come? No matter what, I am also a member of the Nansu Student Union."

"Yes, yes, yes."

Wu Shuai nodded his head vigorously and hurriedly said, "Senior Sister Ai, please find a place to sit for a while. Let's have dinner together tonight."

"Not interested."

Dong Ai waved her hand and asked with a smile, "I'm here to find someone. Among this year's freshmen, is there a junior from Haizhou called Li Mu?"

Li Mu was surprised when he heard this. What's going on? I'm sure that it's impossible for me to know a senior student at Renmin University. This senior sister looks to be in her early twenties. If she's not a junior, then she's a senior. Why would she come looking for me?

However, although he was surprised, she had called his name after all. Li Mu stood up and said, "Hello, I'm Li Mu."

"Aiya!"

When Dong Ai saw Li Mu, her eyes suddenly lit up. "Junior Li Mu is so handsome!"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and asked, "Senior Sister, do we know each other?"

Dong Ai shook her head. "We don't know each other, but we got to know each other after having dinner together. Are you free? I'll treat you to dinner tonight."

The senior members of the Student Union were stunned.

Senior Sister Ai is treating!

Did you hear that?!

F * ck, Senior Sister Ai actually took the initiative to treat someone to dinner!

In the past few years, hundreds and thousands of people wanted to invite Senior Sister Ai for a meal, but Senior Sister Ai did not do them the honor. Now, she actually took the initiative to invite a freshman to a meal, and from the meaning of her words, it turned out that it was also the first time she met Li Mu.

Li Mu was also stunned. What's going on? Where did this senior sister come from?

Wu Shuai was going crazy in his heart. Dong Ai never gave him face. Not to mention treating him to dinner, she rejected every time he invited her to dinner. Sometimes, when he bought a bottle of water for her, she would reject it. Wu Shuai once analyzed Dong Ai's psychology. This woman actually had a very high EQ. Under normal circumstances, she wouldn't take the initiative to annoy others, but she didn't give him face. She definitely didn't like him.

I'm used to her not being pleasing to the eye. After all, I know that my motives aren't pure, but what's going on with this Li Mu?

When Dong Ai saw that Li Mu didn't speak for a long time, she couldn't help but smile. "Don't worry. I'm just treating you to a meal. Are you afraid that I'll eat you up?"

"Oh …" The group of people from the Student Union were shocked again. Senior Sister Ai actually said such ambiguous words!

And to a freshman at that. Could it be that she hasn't been in a relationship for three years, and now that she's in her fourth year, she suddenly wants to be an old cow that eats young grass?

However, Senior Sister Ai looked so outstanding and so beautiful. Even if she wanted to eat young grass, no one would have any objections …

At this moment, Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said to Dong Ai, "Senior Sister, I still have friends."

Dong Ai glanced at Su Yingxue who was beside him and waved her hand indifferently. "Let's go together."

At this time, Li Mu was also a little curious about the background of this senior sister. He had already decided to agree in his heart, but after thinking about it, he still had Sun Jian and Dou Xueli who he just met. He said to Dong Ai, "Senior Sister, is it okay for the four of us?"