Chapter 966

Li Mu couldn't resist Zhao Ziqiu's initiative at all.

Although a few minutes ago, he was still depressed because he couldn't find a perfect way to solve the relationship between the three women, Zhao Ziqiu's words made Li Mu agree without hesitation. After the celebration party, he directly took Wang Yuanlang's car to the Yan Capital University to pick her up and take her back to Ziyun Villa.

The reason why Li Mu didn't usually come back here was that it was too spacious to live alone. It was completely different with Zhao Ziqiu.

Having the experience of being seen by her parents in Purple Cloud Villa, both of them had a different feeling towards this place. One part of it was embarrassment, one part of it was lingering fear, and the remaining eight parts of it were a different experience that was slightly exciting and pleasurable. It was like the feeling of a rebellious teenager of fourteen or fifteen sneaking out of his house to secretly go to an internet cafe.

When he was with Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu could always forget everything outside the world of the two of them to the greatest extent. What work, what Internet, what billionaire, could all be thrown to the back of his mind, so that Li Mu really became an impulsive 20-year-old boy with unlimited energy.

After a night of lingering love, Li Mu also decided to indulge himself. He didn't go to any company in the morning. He slept until late in the morning, had lunch with Zhao Ziqiu, and then accompanied her to the airport to pick up her parents.

In the morning, Li Mu, who was still sleeping, suddenly received a strange call. Looking at Zhao Ziqiu who was still sleeping soundly in his arms, Li Mu got up quietly and went out of the bedroom. He didn't answer the phone until he was outside the bedroom. He asked, "Hello, who is this?"

"Is it Li Zong?

I'm Gu Jianghe. "

Li Mu was stunned.

"Director Gu?"

"Yes, it's me." Gu Jianghe laughed and then said, "Li Zong, I wish you a happy National Day!"

Li Mu was dumbfounded, but he still said politely, "Director Gu, happy National Day too. Are you on leave?"

"I don't dare to take a vacation." Gu Jianghe said, "It's the busiest time for the security work in Beijing during the New Year."

Li Mu said, "Then you've really done your best for the security of Beijing. On behalf of the 20 million locals and foreigners living in Beijing, I thank you and the Capital Public Security for your hard work."

Gu Jianghe smiled and said, "You flatter me, this is the duty of the capital's public security."

As he spoke, Gu Jianghe brought the topic back to the main topic and said, "Li Zong, I called today to inform you in advance that we have already reported Miss Wei's case to the ministry according to the regulations. Now the ministry wants us to hold a press conference in the near future to announce the details of the case to the public and the media. So I'm calling you in advance."

Li Mu didn't think too much about it. Every local public security bureau would hold a press conference to solve a major case. This was also a form of transparency in government affairs. Although Wei Lan's case didn't cause any serious consequences or impact, the nature of the case was very bad. The ransom also broke the record in Beijing in recent years, so it was reasonable for the municipal bureau to hold a press conference.

However, out of consideration for Wei Lan, Li Mu said to Gu Jianghe, "Director Gu, I don't have any opinion on holding a press conference, nor do I have the right to interfere. But can I make a request to hide my and Miss Wei's identities? Miss Wei's parents are in the US, and they can't return to China due to some special reasons. If they know that she encountered such a serious danger in China, I'm afraid they will be very anxious. Also, if this matter is made public, it will have a certain impact on Miss Wei's reputation."

Gu Jianghe was initially worried that Li Mu would have an opinion on the press conference itself. Hearing this request, he immediately felt relieved and said with a smile, "Li Zong, don't worry. If you and Miss Wei don't want to reveal your personal information, then we will blur your identities when the time comes."

Li Mu said, "That's fine. Thank you, Director Gu."

As he spoke, Li Mu asked again, "Director Gu, what's the current situation of the people who kidnapped Wei Lan?

What will be done next? "

Gu Jianghe said, "The main culprit, Song Zhilei, has just undergone an amputation and is still recovering in the Public Security Hospital. The other suspects have all been detained and are now in the investigation stage."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "That Song Zhilei had his leg amputated?"

"Yes."

Gu Jianghe said, "Yesterday afternoon, he underwent an amputation of three centimeters above his right knee in the Public Security Hospital. Our investigators have communicated with the doctor, and he can be sent to prison after the wound heals. At most, Song Zhilei will be sent to the detention center in a month."

Li Mu sighed and said, "The evils we bring upon ourselves are the hardest to bear. Director Gu, can you tell me how long they will be sentenced to?"

Gu Jianghe smiled and said, "The nature of the case is bad, the amount of money involved is huge, and guns are involved, so the tone set by the municipal bureau is strict and severe. During the public prosecution, the two main culprits will be recommended to be sentenced to life imprisonment, and the others will be sentenced to more than ten years."

As he spoke, Gu Jianghe added, "The possibility of the two main culprits being sentenced to life imprisonment is almost in the bag, and the possibility of a commutation in the future is very small. Even if there is a chance of a commutation, they will have to stay in prison for at least twenty years."

When Li Mu heard this, he immediately felt a lot more relieved. The main culprit, Song Zhilei, had his leg amputated and had become a standard disabled person. Coupled with a sentence of at least twenty years, this punishment was harsh enough. It could be said that evil had its retribution.

Moreover, in the future, Song Zhilei would have to drag his disabled body to live in prison for more than twenty years, so he would not pose any threat to Wei Lan's safety. If he were to be released after twenty years, he would also be a disabled old man in his fifties or sixties, and would not cause any trouble for Wei Lan. Li Mu was very satisfied with this situation.

Then, Li Mu asked him, "By the way, Director Gu, when is the press conference?"

"On the third."

"OK." Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Then I wish the press conference of the municipal bureau a complete success."

Gu Jianghe laughed heartily and said, "Thank you, Li Zong. That's all for now. This is my private phone number. If there is anything in the future, you can call this number to contact me."

Li Mu said politely, "Okay, Director Gu. You go ahead with your business. I'll save the number now."

After hanging up the phone with Gu Jianghe, Li Mu did not take this matter seriously. However, in order not to let Wei Lan be caught off guard by the press conference of the Municipal Bureau, he decided to call Wei Lan first to inform her, and then tell her that he would not disclose his personal identity, so that she could rest assured.

Wei Lan had already gotten up at this time. Because Li Mu was going to hold a party at Ziyun Villa in the evening, Dufy took her out early to go shopping, saying that they were going to buy beautiful clothes and find some good wine from friends.

Wei Lan did not want to go out at first, but when she thought that it was Li Mu's party that night, and that he was considerate enough to choose the location of her villa in Ziyun Villa, Wei Lan paid special attention to it. Not only did she want to dress up beautifully, but she also wanted to show enough attention through exquisite clothes.

At this moment, they were trying on clothes in a luxury store in Wangfujing. When she received a call from Li Mu, Wei Lan was delighted and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, did you drink too much at the celebration party yesterday?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I didn't drink too much. What about you? What are you doing?"

Wei Lan said, "I'm shopping with Dufy. She said that it was the first time she attended a party organized by you, so we had to show enough sincerity. So we came out to buy clothes."

"Oh, I'm so lucky to have two beauties give me so much face!"

When Li Mu heard that Wei Lan was shopping, he immediately felt relieved. It seemed that Wei Lan had gradually recovered from the shadow of being kidnapped.

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Don't say that. How can I accept it?"

Li Mu said, "By the way, Wei Lan, Director Gu from the Municipal Public Security Bureau just called and said that the Municipal Public Security Bureau is holding a press conference on your case."

"Press conference?"

Wei Lan's voice was obviously raised a little, and she asked nervously, "Can you tell them not to hold a press conference?"

Li Mu said, "Director Gu said that this is the intention of the Ministry of Public Security, but I made a request to him to hide our real identities at the press conference. No one should be able to connect our identities to you."

On the other end of the phone, Wei Lan breathed a sigh of relief and said, "It couldn't be better to hide our identities. Otherwise, I really don't know how my parents will feel when they find out …"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry. Since the Municipal Public Security Bureau called to inform me in advance, it means that they are still very concerned about whether or not your identity will be exposed."

"Mm," Wei Lan replied softly and said, "If I can hide my identity, then I can rest assured."

Li Mu thought that Wei Lan had acquiesced, so he comforted her and said, "Don't think too much about it. I'm just telling you not to worry."

…

At 2: 30 in the afternoon, when Li Mu accompanied Zhao Ziqiu to the airport to pick up Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun, Li Mu's personal assistant, Li Ziwei, was in the villa of Ziyun Villa, helping Li Mu and the chefs and waiters from Fayue Restaurant prepare.

This time, the owner of Fayue Restaurant, Li Tong, paid special attention to Li Mu's villa party. He sent three French chefs, two bartenders, two western barbecue chefs, and three waiters to start preparing in Li Mu's villa in the afternoon. The standard was extremely high.

As for Zhao Ziqiu, she naturally wouldn't have the chance to meet with Li Mu tonight. Her parents were taking her to the appointment, so Li Mu temporarily decided to treat Zhao Ziqiu's family to a meal the next day to do his part as a host.

At 2: 50, the plane that Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun were on began to descend slowly. It was less than 20 minutes away from the Yanjing Airport.

Xie Yun looked at the scenery outside the window and said to Zhao Xianliang, "Oh right, before boarding the plane, my daughter texted me to say that Li Mu would accompany her to the airport."

Zhao Xianliang was stunned for a moment and then asked her, "Really? Why didn't you tell me in advance?"

Xie Yun smiled and said, "I was afraid that you would overthink it. It's a two-hour flight, and I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable."

"Why would I feel uncomfortable …" Zhao Xianliang waved his hand. He knew what his wife wanted to say. She must be afraid that when he saw his daughter and Li Mu coming to the airport together, he would instinctively associate it with last night. So he said to her, "I've completely accepted it now. Let her do whatever she wants with the child."