Chapter 377

It was not the time for the real estate market to be really hot. The housing prices in Haizhou had always been relatively rational, around 1,000 yuan. The market was also very rational. Only those who needed it would consider buying a house, and there were almost no people who hoarded or speculated in real estate.

Song Liang's vision was more advanced. From the law of real estate development in first-tier cities, he saw the room for rising housing prices in third-tier, fourth-tier, and fifth-tier cities in the future. Therefore, in 2000, he pulled in various investments and bank loans and invested in three real estate projects at one time. Except for one that was still under construction, the other two had been opened for sale.

The residential area that Li Mu's family bought was the first to be opened for sale, and its geographical location was also the best. Now, it was almost sold out. However, even if there were vacant houses and suitable model houses, Li Mu would never buy it.

His current idea was very practical and wretched. He wanted to spend hundreds of thousands of yuan to buy a house and put it there. The main reason was that he wanted to have a private space. After buying a house, he could ask Su Yingxue to go on a date in the new house. The two's world and confined space were more conducive to the development of their relationship. Moreover, the current property market was the best bank in the country. Throwing money into the property market was countless times more cost-effective than throwing it into the bank. In Haizhou, the housing prices would double in two or three years.

Although Song Liang only had one suitable property at the moment, he had six model houses in this property.

There were six apartment types in this residential area. Therefore, before the opening, six model houses were deliberately installed, one for each apartment type. The decoration was specially hired from outside. The purpose of the design was to make the decoration as high-end as possible and arouse the desire of the public to buy as much as possible.

Therefore, he asked his sales manager in charge of this property to find the keys of the six houses before Li Mu arrived in Haizhou. When Li Mu arrived, he would take him to see them directly.

Li Mu drove the car directly to the residential area called Wanying New Town. Song Liang accompanied Li Mu to see all six houses, which ranged from 60 square meters to 130 square meters. Li Mu took a fancy to a large two-bedroom apartment of 106 square meters, with two bedrooms and two living rooms. The area of the living room and the bedroom were large enough. In addition, the small area of the room was too small and felt depressed. The large area of the room was also empty.

Li Mu directly bought this house on the spot. The room was fully furnished with appliances. He only needed to change the mattress and hire someone to clean the room. Besides, whether he could use the mattress was another matter.

Song Liang knew that such a house was nothing to Li Mu, so he directly asked the sales manager to calculate a normal internal price for him. Including the house and the decoration, the internal price was about 300,000 yuan. Song Liang asked the sales manager to send Li Mu a parking space, which was located at the entrance of Li Mu's unit building.

Li Mu went to the sales center to pay the full amount of the house payment. He entrusted the sales manager to find a few cleaning aunties to clean the new house. He said goodbye to Song Liang and went to the furniture city.

Although it was almost the end of the year, the furniture city was still operating normally. Li Mu picked two high-end Simmons mattresses and asked someone to send them to the new house. He also bought bedding and bedding, and the new house was finished.

As a result, what Li Mu didn't expect was that he finished the house as quickly as possible, but Su Yingxue was too busy to meet him.

Today was already the 28th of the twelfth lunar month. From that day onward, the Su family no longer went out for dinner. They were all preparing for the New Year. Su Yingxue also didn't have a suitable excuse to meet Li Mu.

In the blink of an eye, it was the eve of the New Year. The custom in Haizhou was to have the New Year's Eve dinner and stay up all night. On this day, the whole Haizhou City was basically empty, and the shops were closed. Almost every family was preparing for the New Year's Eve dinner at home. The New Year's Eve dinner was quite sumptuous. Usually, they would be busy from the morning until seven or eight o 'clock in the evening.

Papa Lee and Li Ma had already bought all the ingredients needed for the New Year. Second Uncle, who had almost recovered from his injury, drove his family of four and his aunt's family of four to Li Mu's house for the New Year's Eve. From noon onward, the whole family began to prepare for the New Year's Eve dinner.

Zhang Kexuan had been calling Li Mu since the afternoon. He had been preparing for the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV for a long time. Tonight, their program was scheduled to be around 22 o 'clock, which was considered a prime time. They were about to appear on the biggest stage in the country, so Zhang Kexuan and the other three were extremely nervous.

Li Mu teased him on the phone, "What are you nervous about?

The performance will be lip-synching, so you don't have to worry about playing or singing wrong. As long as you check that your crotch is big before you go on stage, don't forget to close the front door, and don't hold the microphone upside down when you come on stage as the lead singer, it will be fine. After a few minutes of lip-synching, you will really become popular all over the country. "

Zhang Kexuan said, "That's easy for you to say. This is a gala that will be watched by more than a billion people. If you are careless, you might lose face in front of more than a billion people."

Li Mu laughed and said, "It's okay. Just treat it as a rehearsal. Even if you mess up, it doesn't matter. On the second day of the New Year, our 'Old Boys' will be broadcast on more than a dozen municipal and provincial TV stations. At that time, it will definitely help you save face."

Saying that, Li Mu added, "But if you can work hard and perform perfectly on the Spring Festival Gala, you will definitely be the most popular male celebrity in the country for a period of time after 'Old Boys' is broadcast."

Thinking back to the explosive scene after Little Shenyang's appearance on the Spring Festival Gala, he was really in the limelight for a period of time. It was a pity that he was not able to maintain his popularity for a long time. However, Li Mu had already made a complete plan for Simple Plan. After the Spring Festival Gala, they would first use one to two months to let the public digest their performance on the Spring Festival Gala and 'Old Boys'. At the same time, Li Mu had also prepared two new songs for Simple Plan. After the Spring Festival Gala, they would let them go into the studio to record. When their popularity started to decline, they would then release the new songs to maintain their popularity.

Zhang Kexuan also knew that this time, it really concerned the fate of Simple Plan's band. If they performed well on this show, it would be just a matter of time before they became a superstar. He encouraged himself and said to Li Mu, "Just wait in front of the television. We will definitely do our best and perform to the best of our abilities."

…

At eight in the evening, Li Mu's family had their first reunion dinner at their new home. Papa Lee was especially happy today. His grandparents were there, his second uncle's family of four were there, and his aunt's family of four were also there. Other than his oldest aunt, who was going to her in-laws' place to celebrate the new year, the rest of his family was here.

Now, his family's life had undergone earth-shattering changes. Even the lives of the entire family had been greatly improved and improved. Coinciding with the festive season, Papa Lee's mood was even better.

He poured a glass of white wine for himself, Li Mu's second uncle, and Li Mu. He poured a glass of red wine for the other women, and filled up the children's drinks. The happy Papa Lee raised his glass high and said to his younger brother and sister, "The first glass of wine for this reunion dinner is to our old parents. I wish them good health."

Second uncle Li Daoping nodded and said to Li Bin and Li Fen with a smile, "And you guys, let's toast grandpa and grandma together."

Li Mu and his second aunt's cousin also stood up. Li Mu's grandparents were grinning from ear to ear. They hadn't been this happy in years.

After the first glass of wine was toasted, Papa Lee sighed and said, "Actually, I didn't expect that we could celebrate the new year together so happily. In the past, whenever the new year came, I either didn't have time to go back home, or when I did, I would sigh with Daoguang in private, lamenting that life wasn't easy …"

When Papa Lee said this, a trace of sadness flashed across his face. Looking back, life was indeed not easy. He and Li Ma did everything they could, but they could only ensure that the family of three could survive at a normal level. Every time they went back home, they wanted to be more filial to their parents and help their younger brother and sister, but they were always powerless. As the eldest son, this feeling was very painful, and it had brought him endless frustration.

Li Mu's second uncle also lowered his eyelids and sighed deeply. It was even more difficult for him in the past. He farmed a few acres of land in the countryside and barely had enough to eat and drink all year round. He couldn't even afford the schooling of his son and daughter. His eldest daughter, Li Fen, dropped out of high school to work to help the family. If it weren't for her, his second son, Li Bin, wouldn't even have the chance to go to a technical school.

Papa Lee opened the wholesale department for him. After a period of painstaking operation, he not only earned a van, but also had an income of ten to twenty thousand yuan every month. He also kept half of his income for Papa Lee, because Papa Lee had used the same method to get his stubborn second uncle to agree to run the wholesale department.

Thinking of this, Li Mu's second uncle was also full of gratitude and rejoiced. Fortunately, he didn't foolishly defend his poor dignity in front of his eldest brother, in exchange for today's earth-shaking changes in the family.

Li Mu also sighed in his heart. The timing of his rebirth was just right, and he avoided the disastrous scene in his previous life. In his previous life, his parents were laid off, and he failed in the college entrance examination. This family of three suffered a huge blow. From that day on, the next four to five years were the most difficult days for Papa Lee and Li Ma. That kind of hardship was something they couldn't even imagine now.

At this time, Papa Lee said again, "In the past, the house we lived in was small, and we couldn't bring our parents to the city to live in the city. Now, it's all good. The life of our whole family has begun to move upward. No matter how high we go, the most important thing is to always be able to maintain the attitude of moving upward. This second glass of wine, I wish our whole family better and better!"