Chapter 1533

Li Mu's "bring it on" completely broke the courtesy between him and Bill Gates.

Stimulated by Li Mu, Bill Gates's competitive spirit, which had already been very strong, was quickly magnified.

To Bill Gates, it was time for him to fall out with Li Mu. From tonight onwards, Microsoft will officially announce to the world that they are returning to the social networking industry. This is not a comeback, but the return of the king.

However, in Li Mu's eyes, the return of the king in Bill Gates's mind was tantamount to a suicidal charge that was about to be performed.

Li Mu was well aware of the importance of social ecology to users. Once a user became dependent on a certain product ecology in the field of social networking, the degree of loyalty would be so high that it was beyond anyone's imagination. Asking a deep YY user to abandon all his contacts, habits, and accumulations in the YY ecology and completely switch to a brand new ecology was as difficult as asking a person who had lived in his motherland for decades to abandon his family and career to open up wastelands in Africa.

Unless the user is given a large amount of resources, it is impossible to achieve.

The problem is, there are hundreds of millions of users, and every one of them needs to be subsidized. Who can afford it?

Take Microsoft for example. If the cost of poaching Makino Technology's users is 1 USD, they can easily poach all the Makino Technology users. But if the cost is 10 USD, Microsoft will have to think twice. They cannot afford to invest so much cash in such a short period of time. But the reality is, even if the user is subsidized 100 USD, it will only make the user become a joint user of Makino Technology and Microsoft. It is impossible to make the user give up Makino Technology's products and switch to Microsoft.

When Li Mu poached MSN users, it was because Microsoft does not have any ecological awareness. MSN itself is not doing well, and the user base is not strong enough. But YY started to build an ecosystem for the users and grew to where it is now. The user base is strong beyond Microsoft's imagination.

So, under these conditions, Li Mu is not afraid of Microsoft's provocation. He has a three-in-one defense system, and the possibility of Microsoft attacking him is slim.

Furthermore, he still has a new product in his hands, and that is Twitter.

In Hua Xia, it is called Weibo, and outside of Hua Xia, it is called Twitter.

The speed at which this product takes over the world will exceed everyone's expectations. Twitter became popular overnight in the past, and its replica, Weibo, became popular overnight in China because of Twitter's product model. It changed the way users express themselves on the internet.

In the earliest days, users would speak in front of a small group of strangers, represented by BBS. There were as many BBS as there were hairs on a cow, and they were almost completely isolated from each other. They were like loaches in countless small mud ponds, and it was very difficult for them to integrate. Even if one or two of them could integrate, it was impossible for all the loaches in the world to integrate.

Later, users began to communicate in front of their relatives and friends. The representatives were naturally MSN, OICQ, QQ, and now YY, which dominated the martial arts world. YY relied on social ties, so it was equivalent to giving all the loaches living in different small mud ponds a way to establish contact with their relatives and friends.

When Facebook started to become global and Twitter was introduced one after another, users finally had the possibility to interact with the world's netizens. Because these few products were like a rainstorm around the world, this rainstorm made all the independent swamps in the world gather together. A loach in a small swamp far away in Huaxia could see the life of an American loach and even establish a direct connection with the American loach. For the first time, the Internet world became so close to each other.

Now, Facebook is still in North America's universities, and Twitter will become the first internet platform that can connect all the world's users together. This will bring about a huge change to the internet.

Therefore, Li Mu was very sure that no matter what kind of attack Bill Gates had planned, as long as Twitter went online, it would be enough to make all his social dreams and all his efforts to return to social media fall short of success!

…

At this moment, Bill Gates still doesn't know that Li Mu has a real killer weapon in his hands, and he is confidently waiting for his "killer weapon" to shine.

Facing the aggressive Li Mu, he finally tore off his hypocritical mask and told Li Mu coldly, "At ten o 'clock in the evening in London, which is five o' clock in the afternoon in New York, Microsoft will release our new ecosystem to the world.

At that time, if Mr. Lee is still awake, you can find out about it immediately. "

After saying that, Bill Gates smiled confidently and said to Li Mu, "Microsoft's new ecosystem is named Windows-Live. I believe it will become an indispensable part of people's internet life in the future."

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Mr. Gates, you just mentioned the future. Then I want to ask, how long do you define 'future'?"

Bill Gates said confidently, "At least fifteen to twenty years."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "You mean, Windows-Live will be an indispensable part of people's internet life in the next fifteen to twenty years?"

"That's right, that's what I meant."

Li Mu said seriously, "Let me put it this way, Mr. Gates. Not fifteen to twenty years, but in the next five to ten years, Windows will gradually fade out of people's internet life. Even Windows can't hold this position. Do you really expect your so-called Windows-Live to turn the tide?"

Bill Gates was angered by Li Mu's words and asked Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, why are you saying this?

Is it because of the Apple Mac OS that you just acquired? "

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "Hua Xia has an old saying, 'Heaven's secrets must not be revealed.' If you can't understand it, then just wait and see."

After saying that, Li Mu said to Bill Gates, "Oh right, Mr. Gates, I just decided that since Microsoft is making such a big move tonight, I might as well release a small product to play with you tonight. As for the release time, it will be an hour later than you guys."

Bill Gates' expression changed. He ignored the subtle provocation in Li Mu's words and asked, "The new product you are going to release, is it from the 'Twitter' division that you have been hiding?"

Li Mu asked with a smile, "It's really strange. We have already openly and generously announced the business of Twitter to the public. Why is it that when it comes to you, I am the one hiding it?"

"Speaking of hiding, it should be you, Mr. Gates, right?

Microsoft restarted MSN, used shell companies to secretly acquire a few online game development companies, poached a large number of media workers from all over the US, and quietly built a large data processing center in Chicago. But you didn't reveal anything to the public. Look at your conscience and tell me, who is the one hiding? "

Bill Gates' face turned ugly at the moment. He didn't expect that all his secret preparations were known by Li Mu in advance. No wonder Li Mu was not surprised when he deliberately leaked the information!

At the same time, Bill Gates was also embarrassed. Li Mu's words had exposed his shame, and he didn't know how to respond.

At this time, Wendy, a member of the Goldberg family, quickly came to the rescue. She raised her glass and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, this is the first time we have met. Let me toast to you."

Li Mu looked at Bill Gates playfully, raised his glass, and said to Wendy, "Wendy, you majored in firefighting in Cambridge, right?"

Her words made Bill Gates even more embarrassed. He had to stand up and say to Li Mu and Wendy, "Excuse me, you two. I need to go to the bathroom."

Bill Gates left with a black face. Li Mu clinked glasses with Wendy and said, "Miss Wendy, Mr. Gates will be grateful to you."

Wendy smiled and said, "Mr. Gates may have been a little presumptuous today, but please forgive him, Mr. Lee."

Li Mu took a sip of red wine, nodded, and said, "Don't worry, I won't argue with him today."

Wendy smiled with relief and said, "Thank you so much, Mr. Lee!"

As a member of the main family, Wendy knew very well that Li Mu was a distinguished guest, and so was Bill Gates. The Goldberg family naturally didn't want the two of them to have a conflict here. Not only would it embarrass the Goldberg family, but it would also bring unnecessary trouble to the family.

If the two of them were evenly matched, it would be fine for the Goldberg family to find a chance to mediate. But if one of them won by a big margin, the other party would probably never come to the Goldberg family to attend any kind of party or salon again.

Li Mu asked Wendy, "Miss Wendy, where is my personal assistant dining?"

"Next door," Wendy said.

"The assistant and the entourage are all dining next door. If Mr. Lee needs anything, I can ask someone to call her over for you."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Then I'll have to trouble you, Miss Wendy."

Before entering the banquet hall, out of etiquette and courtesy, Li Mu gave his mobile phone to Li Ziwei and asked her to answer the phone on his behalf. If there was no emergency call, or anyone looking for him, she would say that she was temporarily busy and would reply later. If there was an emergency call, Li Ziwei could come in at any time to inform him.

"You don't have to be so polite."

Wendy smiled and waved her hand. Then she called a waiter and whispered a few words in his ear. The waiter immediately turned around and left the banquet hall.

A minute later, Li Ziwei, led by the waiter, trotted all the way to Li Mu. She bent down and whispered in Li Mu's ear, "Li Zong, what can I do for you?"

Li Mu said, "Call Qingya right now and tell her three things."

Li Ziwei immediately took out a pocket-sized notebook and pen and said seriously, "Please tell me."

Li Mu said, "First, tell her that Microsoft will be launching a new ecosystem at five o 'clock in the afternoon in New York. Basically, we can conclude that it will be a set of ecosystem gameplay similar to YY.

"Second, tell her that since Microsoft is interested in competing with us, we can't let them down. Tell her to start preparing for the global launch of Twitter, including the launch of Hua Xia's version. She will be in charge of the global launch. We must make sure that the global launch is simultaneous."