Chapter 1378

Yang Ma's solicitation of Chen Wan and He Wan did not surprise Li Mu. On the contrary, the success of this evening party had greatly exceeded Yang Ma's expectations. In this case, Chen Wan and He Wan's halo was even more dazzling. It was against normal logic that Yang Ma did not have any ideas about them.

So Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "Did Yang Ma give any promises to poach you?"

Chen Wan nodded. "The information revealed by the higher-ups of Yang Ma is that at present, Yang Ma's strategic policy is no longer purely serious media. Instead, they hope to make a breakthrough in entertainment while ensuring that the parts of serious media remain unchanged, and it is a relatively big breakthrough."

Speaking of this, Chen Wan added, "That is to say, except for Yang Ma's first channel, other channels have a lot of room for entertainment development. Second, third, and fourth channels can all carry out entertainment development. If the two of them are willing to join Yang Ma, then the entertainment resources of these three channels will be open to them, and we will vigorously cooperate with them."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's understandable. All-round development is the ultimate goal of every enterprise and unit. It's not a day or two that Yang Ma wants to increase its influence in the entertainment industry."

Chen Wan said, "This time, it seems that they are going to increase their efforts."

Li Mu smiled noncommittally and asked her, "What do you and Mr. He think?

Have you discussed it? "

Chen Wan nodded and said, "I found a chance to have a private chat. Mr. He said that although Yang Ma has always wanted to develop the entertainment industry, it has never been as strong as it is now. It seems that they should be serious. He said that if Yang Ma can fulfill these resources, it should be a very good choice."

Li Mu asked again, "What about you?

What do you think? "

Chen Wan pursed her lips for a moment and said faintly, "I just think that if I come to Central TV, I will be closer to you …"

Li Mu smiled gently, took her hand and said seriously, "I also want you to be closer to me, but you can't delay your future just because you are close to me."

Chen Wan asked puzzledly, "Why do you say that?

The resources of Yangma are no worse than those of Xiangnan Satellite TV … "

Li Mu calmly smiled and explained, "No matter how much Mother Yang wants to exert herself in the entertainment industry, the serious media cannot change. This is in the genes and cannot be changed. A person can have plastic surgery or have organ transplants, but they cannot change their DNA. This is something that is ingrained in their bones, so in Mother Yang's internal balance, the serious aspect must be more important than the entertainment aspect. If the entertainment aspect develops too well and affects the balance, then adjustments will be made to ensure that the serious aspect will always be more important than the entertainment aspect. And if a host wants to develop in the entertainment industry, he must choose a platform where the entertainment aspect is more important than the seriousness, so that there will be enough room for development."

Speaking of this, Li Mu stopped the car at the red light at the intersection. He looked at Chen Wan sideways and said seriously, "Xiangnan Satellite TV should be the platform with the strongest entertainment gene in China in the next few years or even ten years. If you leave it too early, not only will you lose a good opportunity, but it is also easy for others to seize the opportunity to overtake you. In the entertainment industry, if you don't advance, you will fall back. There are too many rising stars, and countless people sharpen their heads to drill in."

Chen Wan's expression flashed faintly, and she nodded gently and said, "I see. Then I'll turn down this matter later."

Seeing that she was a little unhappy, Li Mu reached out and touched her face, comforting her, "In one year or two years, I will help Makino Image to run, and then you can take over. At that time, you don't have to show up in front of the stage. Whether it's Yanjing or anywhere else, you can be wherever you want. You will become the real big sister in the Chinese entertainment industry, and the only big sister. All the kings and queens will have to be respectful to you, not only because you are my woman, but also because you will hold the most powerful resources in the whole Chinese entertainment industry!"

Chen Wan's cheeks were flushed, and she lowered her eyes to avoid Li Mu's eyes. She said shyly, "I'm your woman, so I'll listen to you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "By the way, you're flying tomorrow afternoon, right?"

"Yes." Chen Wan nodded. "At half past two."

Li Mu said, "Tell Teacher He that I've finished the script for" Life Longing for ". Ask him to come home tomorrow morning. I'll give him the script and tell him about it by the way."

Li Mu took the time to write the magically modified "Life Longing for" into a rough script. He was going to let Teacher He have a look first, and then take it back to the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV. If the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV were interested, then Makino Image would cooperate with them with this copyright. If they were not interested, he could also find other stations to cooperate with.

However, this argument was only a bargaining chip. As long as Xiangnan Satellite TV could meet his conditions for cooperation, Li Mu really didn't want to find other TV stations to cooperate with. Except for some people who knew Yang Ma, he didn't know anyone from other TV stations. He was too lazy to open up a new TV cooperation channel.

… …

The next day, when He Wu saw the script for "Life Longing for" at Li Mu's house, he hesitated for a long time.

In his opinion, this "Life Longing for" was a bit nondescript, and he couldn't even give it a clear position.

Say it's an entertainment program?

No; say it's a variety program?

Not like it; say it's a documentary program?

Even less like it. What the hell is this thing?

Also, will people watch this kind of boring program that is like playing house?

Three men and a dog, a small farmyard, a pile of corn and other crops, and then invite guests to come over for dinner and spend the night to experience farm life … They don't even play a game. Can the audience like it?

It should be known that all variety shows nowadays are inseparable from making games. It can even be said that games are the soul of variety shows. When Chen Wan joined "Happy Camp", she brought "Who is Undercover", which was the most popular game in variety shows at this stage. "Happy Camp" was able to stand out among all variety shows, and this game also contributed a lot.

And now, Li Mu suddenly gave a new variety show mode. There was no game in this mode, only a farmyard …

He Wu couldn't figure it out. He didn't think this program would be very interesting. Compared with the "Super Girl" that Li Mu gave to Chen Wan, this program was much worse.

Li Mu could see the hidden struggle and confusion in He Wu's expression, so he smiled and asked, "Teacher He, what do you think?"

He Wu hesitated for a long time, not knowing how to answer.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Teacher He, if you have any ideas, just say them. After all, we are prepared to cooperate, and it's not a one-sided promotion by me."

He Wu looked at Li Mu, then looked at the script in his hands. After thinking for a moment, he plucked up his courage and said, "Li Zong, to be honest, I admire your foresight in many aspects." Super Girl "also proved that you have an extraordinary way of thinking in talent shows, but this" Life That You Look Forward to, "I really don't understand it. I don't even know how to categorize this program …"

"Reality TV."

Li Mu spat out these three words with a smile on his face.

He Wu couldn't react for a moment. After a while, he realized that Li Mu was talking about reality TV. However, reality TV was a concept that only existed in the West in China. Moreover, domestic television stations and domestic audiences were not familiar with it. Moreover, in his impression of reality TV, there was no precedent of a pastoral type.

At this time, Li Mu smiled and explained, "Teacher He, reality TV programs don't necessarily have to have a lively atmosphere, nor do they have to be noisy. Nowadays, all variety shows have the host and guests shouting on the stage together. To be honest, the format has long been boring. Everyone is playing the same pattern. The only way to win is to see whose host is more famous, whose invited guests are more famous, and whose program's effect is better. To put it bluntly, it's equivalent to setting off firecrackers. Whoever fills more gunpowder and explodes louder wins. Instead of that, why not change the routine?

Always setting off firecrackers and making a fuss, no matter how festive it is, the audience will get tired of it. During the New Year, you don't want to see the rumbling of firecrackers everywhere you go, right? "

He Wu was silent for a moment. He had to admit that what Li Mu said made sense. Nowadays, variety shows were very noisy, and the format was the same. No one could really come up with something new.

With a sigh, He Wu nodded and said, "Li Zong, I have to admit that what you said makes sense. You gave me a new perspective to look at the current situation of domestic variety shows. Previously, I was immersed in this noisy mode. I went to see how other people's noise was worse than ours, and how to make our noise livelier and more interesting than others' noise. I couldn't jump out of this box."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "So I want to cooperate with you on 'The Life We Look Forward to'. This program is far away from the hustle and bustle, and even away from the liveliness, festivity, adventure, and playfulness of the existing variety shows. I will send you and the other two guests to the countryside, where you can quietly show your relatively real, emotional, and life's principles and true meaning. This will give the audience a chance to experience this true meaning and find the warmth and peace in the depths of their hearts. The direction of this program is to walk the heart, be simple, and make people yearn for it. That's why it's called 'The Life We Look Forward to'."

He Wu nodded as he thought about it. He had already been convinced by Li Mu. He could already see the essence of this program. It seemed that this program was not as boring as he had imagined.