Chapter 978

From the moment he figured out that Hikvision was Hikvision, Li Mu's heart was no longer in the villa.

All he could think of was to find a way to take over the company as soon as possible and take over the company as well. When the time came, he would directly set up Makino Vision, whose English name would be MUYVISION. With Hikvision's hardware team and Makino Technology's software team, it would not take long for him to make a name for himself.

Zhao Xianliang was also very concerned about Li Mu's matters and immediately called his high school classmate. As soon as the other party heard that Li Mu was interested in discussing an acquisition with them, he immediately attached great importance to it.

Hikvision had been officially established for less than a year and was facing all kinds of problems, the biggest of which was the problem of funding. So much so that 52 Institute had long been interested in bringing in external funds and a joint venture with the outside world to set up Hikvision. However, private capital was not interested in the security surveillance industry at the moment. Many people would rather invest their money in real estate than in a company that was rooted in an unpopular industry like Hikvision.

Actually, Hikvision wasn't very confident about his future.

First of all, Hikvision was now a company that was completely facing the market. In other words, the research and development of security surveillance was no longer a scientific research task of the state. The state would not provide research and development funds, and secondly, they would not provide procurement contracts. Therefore, Hikvision was also feeling its way across the river.

Secondly, the security surveillance market was not improving significantly at the moment. Not only did 52 Institute lack confidence, 52 Institute's current boss, Hua Xia Electronic Technology Group, did not pay much attention to this industry either. Hikvision was now just a newborn that had just separated from 52 Institute. Under the structure of the entire Hua Xia Electronic Technology Group, there was nothing special about it at all.

Because of this, as soon as he heard that Li Mu was actually interested in Hikvision, Zhao Xianliang's classmate immediately reported it to the general manager of Hikvision and 52 Institute's leaders.

The leader of No. 52 Institute immediately made the decision. "Let's meet and chat with Li Mu first and see what he wants."

Therefore, the other side immediately agreed to Li Mu's request for an interview and appointed Zhao Xianliang's high school classmate as the liaison, asking him to personally go to Beijing to meet Li Mu.

After Zhao Xianliang conveyed the other party's intention to meet with Li Mu, Li Mu was about to say that the sooner the better, but on second thought, Hikvision's situation was too complicated. If it had not done financing yet, then it should be wholly owned by the 52nd Institute or Hua Xia Electronics Technology Group after the restructuring of the electronics department. If the researchers who had left the establishment had shares in the team, then the electronics technology group must have controlled the majority of the shares, and the team must have controlled a small portion.

From the looks of it, in terms of the share structure, Hikvision should be considered a genuine state-owned enterprise. There were 52 Institute's superior enterprises and two Hua Xia Electronics Technology Group. If they wanted to talk about an acquisition, it would probably have to be decided by Hua Xia Electronics Technology Group. The other party was just a vice president of Hikvision, and he probably had no right to make any decisions, so it was very likely that he was just there to make the first move.

Li Mu did not have that much time to talk about it bit by bit. He felt that if he wanted to make relatively clear progress in a short period of time, it would not be enough to just get Zhao Xianliang's classmate to come to Beijing. If this went on, he would not be able to solve any problems without coming seven or eight times.

Instead of that, he might as well make a trip himself and settle Hikvision and 52 Institute in one go.

If the decision was in the hands of 52 Institute, then he would strive to directly clarify his intentions with 52 Institute, discuss the details, and then quickly move forward. If the decision was in the hands of Hua Xia Electronics Technology Group, then he would trick 52 Institute into getting on board and let them negotiate with the group.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Zhao Xianliang, "Uncle Zhao, please tell your classmate that I happen to be going to Hangzhou tomorrow to settle some matters. I have time after five in the afternoon, and I can meet him in Hangzhou."

Zhao Xianliang knew that it was impossible for Li Mu to really be going to Hangzhou tomorrow, so it must be just an excuse. Therefore, he was surprised at how much importance Li Mu placed on this business. For such a small company that had just been established, he was going to make a special trip to Hangzhou immediately. Just how much importance did Li Mu place on this?

However, Zhao Xianliang soon felt relieved. Li Mu had just casually mentioned the idea of the Skynet System, but he did not expect the leaders of all levels to be very interested in it. Under such circumstances, if he were in Li Mu's shoes, he would definitely give this project priority and make a breakthrough as soon as possible.

After that, Zhao Xianliang followed Li Mu's excuse and greeted his classmate, who agreed almost without hesitation.

After the meeting with Hikvision was settled, Li Mu was so excited that when he was eating with Zhao Ziqiu's family of three, Li Mu could not help but be absent-minded.

Xie Yun's cooking was very delicious, and it had a very obvious Jiangnan style. However, Li Mu seemed to have lost his sense of taste, and all he could think about was Hikvision.

After dinner, Li Mu sat in Zhao Ziqiu's house for a while. When he felt that he had done his best, he could not wait to leave.

On the way back to his villa, Li Mu had already taken out his phone and sent a message to Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin, who was in charge of capital operations. "I'm going to Hangzhou for a business trip tomorrow, are you free?"

After a while, Lin Ching-ah replied, "No problem."

After waiting for a while, Ding Zhenglin replied, "Okay!"

Therefore, Li Mu immediately called Li Ziwei and asked her to book the plane tickets to Hangzhou for the three of them tomorrow morning. He would talk to them about the details on the plane tomorrow.

…

That night, Xie Yun took a shower and lay on the bed in the bedroom. She asked Zhao Xianliang, "Oh right.

What did you talk to Li Mu about today?

He seemed to be in a good mood at first, but after talking to you, he seemed to have something on his mind. "

Zhao Xianliang shook his head helplessly and said with a smile, "Do you remember when you were eating with Director Chen, Director Chen mentioned Li Mu's idea for the Skynet System?"

"I remember." Xie Yun couldn't help but ask, "What's wrong?"

Zhao Xianliang raised his eyebrows and said with a smile, "Some time ago, Zhong Xinhua came to me and said that their company, which was established by 52 institutes after the restructuring, was short of funds and was looking for external investment. At that time, he wanted me to invest, and I promised to consider it. But to be honest, I don't know anything about this industry, and I don't want to waste my energy to understand it, so I've been thinking about how to communicate with him. Now, it's great. It just so happens that Li Mu wants to do security monitoring, and he wants to buy a few companies in this area, so I introduced the situation of Zhong Xinhua's company to Li Mu. Li Mu is very interested and wants to talk to him in person tomorrow."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "You're really a sly old fox. Others asked you for help, but you didn't help, and you tricked Li Mu into helping you."

"How could that be?"

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "It's just that Li Mu happened to have this need, so I introduced it to him. This is also a very good thing for Zhong Xinhua and the others. The senior leaders are very interested in Li Mu's idea. If it can really be implemented, in the future, just the government's orders alone will be able to make a lot of money."

Xie Yun nodded and asked tentatively, "If that's the case, have you thought about getting involved in it?

Even if it's a small amount of shares, it can be a long-term investment. "

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand and said, "It doesn't make much sense.

There are too many industries that can make money, and I don't have enough energy, so I'll focus on the thing in front of us. I don't want to waste my energy and time on other industries, no matter how profitable they are. "

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang sighed and said, "We don't lack money. I think I'd better focus a little more and not be attracted by other temptations."

Xie Yun smiled faintly and said, "I just admire your focus. No matter how great the temptation is, it won't be able to distract you."

Zhao Xianliang held Xie Yun and said with a smile, "In fact, what I'm thinking is that if this industry wants to be popular, it depends on whether Li Mu can build the Skynet system. Although I believe in Li Mu's ability, I can't just ride on his car to make money, can I?"

Speaking of this, Zhao Xianliang said very seriously, "Ziqiu is my daughter, and Li Mu is Ziqiu's boyfriend. It would be best if he can ride on my car to make money in the future. Even if he can't, it doesn't matter. But if I ride on his car to make money, in the future, Ziqiu will not be able to stand up straight in front of Li Mu."

Xie Yun nodded and said with a smile, "You're right."

…

At nine o 'clock the next morning, Li Mu had already arrived at Yanjing Airport. Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin also arrived on time. In the VIP lounge, Li Mu began to talk to them about the main mission of this trip to Hangzhou.

As soon as Lin Ching-ah heard that Li Mu wanted to buy Hikvision, she immediately said, "Li Zong, you asked me to search for some information about some hardware manufacturers. I've been doing it for the past two days. I have a general understanding of Hikvision's situation. Although the company has just started, it is still very powerful. But they are state-owned enterprises. Will it be difficult to buy them?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's not difficult. It's just a matter of money. If you give me enough money, the possibility of buying them will be much higher."

Ding Zhenglin said, "Li Zong, if Hikvision is a state-owned asset, we can't buy 100% of it for the time being. We keep saying that the country will change this restriction, but I don't know how long it will take."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I don't want to buy 100% of it, but at least I want a controlling stake. This time, we are going to try our best to squeeze as much as possible out of the 52 shares."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "The situation I am most looking forward to is a new company jointly funded by me, Makino Technology, and Hikvision. I will own 60%, and Makino Technology and Hikvision will own the remaining 40%.