Chapter 538

Su Yingxue's view on love had always been plain and steady. Just like the "Rice Shop" that Li Mu wrote for her, it was like flowing water, like a breeze, slow and light. This was also why Su Yingxue had been trying to control the pace of physical contact after they got together. Once things developed faster than her own psychological planning, the beauty in it would naturally be greatly discounted.

But today, Su Yingxue suddenly understood a very simple truth in her heart. Love was a matter between two people. Everyone had their own pace. Just like walking, some people walked slowly, naturally, some people walked fast. Some people even ran the whole way. Since the two of them decided to walk hand in hand, it was probably unfair for one of them to completely adapt to the other. If Li Mu wanted to pull her to walk faster, she should try her best to follow his footsteps.

So when the two of them walked out of the restaurant together, there was a moment of struggle in the depths of Su Yingxue's heart. Then, she made up her mind that if Li Mu invited her to Yucheng Garden again today, she would definitely agree without hesitation.

However, to her disappointment, Li Mu didn't even mention this request. As soon as they walked out of the door, he said to Su Yingxue, "Let's go, I'll send you back."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment. She wanted to say that she was not in a hurry to go back, but she swallowed the words when they were on the tip of her tongue.

In this kind of matter, it was true that she was willing to work hard to keep up with Li Mu's pace, but if she were to take the lead, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to run.

So, Su Yingxue nodded silently and quietly got in the car. Seeing that Li Mu drove to the Third Ring Road, she knew that he didn't have that intention at all, at least not today. She couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.

Indeed, Li Mu didn't have the mood to think too much. All kinds of things were pushing him to run forward desperately. The excessive energy seemed to have made him leave puberty early and enter the state of lack of desire in his thirties. Otherwise, if he really had the body and exuberant energy of a 20-year-old young man, not to mention Su Yingxue who hadn't had a breakthrough, how could Zhao Ziqiu, who had just given herself to him, escape from his clutches these few days?

Not only did he have a lot of things to do, but other people were also pushing him to run forward constantly.

After Dufy came back this time, he, Chen Ze, and Song Liang's real estate plan was completely put on the right track. If Dufy wasn't there, Chen Ze might not be 100% focused. After Dufy came back, he basically put 200% of his energy into it. During this time, he and Song Liang had almost understood all the residential land on the East Third Ring Road that could be sold. They picked out a total of more than 20 pieces of land of different sizes, ready to meet with Li Mu and then decide which ones to take.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue received a message from Song Liang when they were having dinner. He and Chen Ze were having dinner together, summarizing the information they had collected recently. Both of them were a little anxious. Song Liang didn't want to toss around in Yan Jing. He was only contracted to build the CSC Club and the future Makino Technology project. He was engaged in real estate development. What he really wanted to do was to constantly launch his own new projects. And Chen Ze also hoped that the company could take the first step in real estate development as soon as possible, starting from residential first, and then approaching commercial real estate as soon as possible. This was not only the most profitable real estate project, but also what Dufy wanted to do the most.

Both of them wanted to move as soon as possible, so they hit it off at the dinner table. They only had one thought at the moment, which was to quickly let Li Mu come over to make the decision, and then quickly prepare for the construction.

After Li Mu sent Su Yingxue back to Wang Xinran's home, he immediately drove to meet the two of them. He carefully looked at the messy map of Yan Jing drawn by the two of them for a long time.

Both Chen Ze and Song Liang agreed with Li Mu's previous inference. They felt that compared to the West Grand View Road, the East Third Ring Road had the most potential for development in the future. This time, the two of them had thoroughly studied the entire longitudinal line of the East Third Ring Road from the Southeast Third Ring Road to the Northeast Third Ring Road. The more than 20 pieces of land collected were also distributed around the East Third Ring Road. Whether it was inside or outside the Third Ring Road, the furthest away from the Third Ring Road was no more than 1.5 kilometers.

Chen Ze pointed at the more than 20 large and small areas drawn on the map and said to Li Mu, "All the pieces of land drawn here can be obtained, but our funds are limited, so after discussing with Brother Liang, we decided to choose two pieces of land to start with. You see which one you prefer."

Li Mu looked at the red framed pieces of land. More than half of them were near the future subway stations. Almost all of Li Mu's eyes were on the areas around Jingsong, Shuangjing, Tuanjiehu, and Sanyuanqiao. This was because he knew that these places would be the main driving force of the East Third Ring Road's housing prices in the future, and they were also the center of commercial development.

Therefore, Li Mu used a pen to tick off the closest and most advantageous pieces of land for these four future subway stations. He asked Chen Ze, "If we get all six pieces of land, how much will it cost?"

Chen Ze, who was drinking tea, almost spat the tea in Li Mu's face. He turned his head and coughed for a long time before he asked Li Mu, "Are you crazy? It's useless to get six pieces of land in one go. We can't develop all of them."

Song Liang also nodded and said, "The six pieces of land add up to more than one million square meters. We can't take them all."

Li Mu said, "Let's get the land first. We don't have to develop it ourselves. When the final route map of Line 10 is decided, we can sell a part of it, or cooperate with other developers. We provide the land, and they provide the manpower. We can discuss the proportion of shares."

Song Liang looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a monster and said, "It is said that the route map of Line 10 will be announced in six months or even a few months at most. If we want to get the land before the route map is announced, we have to act quickly. If you follow the normal process, first buy a piece of land, then mortgage a loan to buy a second piece, and then mortgage again … This process will be very time-consuming."

Li Mu said casually, "Then let's try to buy all of them in one go. If we can't buy them all, we will buy half of them first, and then mortgage the land to buy the other half."

Song Liang looked at Li Mu in surprise and asked him, "You are so optimistic about these pieces of land?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Very optimistic."

Chen Ze said, "You must be careful. The east-west direction of Line 10 has been set outside the Third Ring Road, so it is very likely that the north-south direction will also be outside the Third Ring Road. The East Third Ring Road is already driven by the Third Ring Road, but the vertical traffic of Dawang Road is far less convenient than that of the Third Ring Road. So many people say that in order to consider the balance, it is very likely that Line 10 will be allocated outside the Third Ring Road. Even if you want to buy six pieces of land in one go, you should appropriately match the inside and outside of the Third Ring Road.

Li Mu said with a smile, "You also said that now the government has not determined the final direction, so those rumors are even less credible. Now, whether it is the East Third Ring Road or Dawang Road, in principle, the chances are 50/50. Since it is a gamble, it is better to trust your own intuition than to believe the rumors outside. I think the housing prices of these places will definitely soar in the future. If you trust my intuition, let's make a big investment!"

Chen Ze and Song Liang looked at each other, and Song Liang said, "Little Mu, the average cost of buying these six pieces of land will not be lower than 3,500 yuan per square meter. An area of more than one million yuan means that the overall cost is about 4 billion yuan. The investment is too big."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Brother Liang, I know the pattern of your real estate development. Even if you buy a piece of land for 100 million yuan, you will not really pay 100 million yuan. If you have a reliable relationship, you can buy the land without paying or with less money. After you get the land, you can mortgage it to the bank. After you get the money, you just need to fill the hole. The bank is very interested in real estate now, so they will definitely give a relatively high leverage ratio. Didn't they say that it is common for real estate to have a leverage ratio of five times in the early stage?"

Song Liang laughed and said to Li Mu, "If it is in Haizhou, I can do as you said, buy the land with less money and find a bank to make the leverage ratio more than five times. But brother, this is Yan Jing. Your brother has no ability here."

After saying that, both of them looked at Chen Ze at the same time.

Only Chen Ze could do this kind of thing.

Seeing that the two of them were staring at him, Chen Ze said uncomfortably, "It is easy to get five times leverage from the bank, but I am not suitable to buy land from the government empty-handed. Why don't I find some money from outside? Let's buy the land, and then I will go to the bank to get a loan. It is better not to give others a handle on this kind of project."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Old Chen, you are not a qualified son of an official."

Chen Ze asked him in surprise, "Why?"

Li Mu said, "People try to use their connections and convenience as much as possible, but you don't use them if you can."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "The old master is watching me closely. When I graduated from college, he gave me a piece of advice: Solve the problems that can be solved with money as much as possible, and leave the political connections to solve the problems that money can't solve."

Li Mu nodded in agreement and said, "Actually, if you can get five times leverage from the bank, we can use five to six hundred million to get this thing going. 'Miracle MU' now has enough cash flow, and so does Makino Technology. If we use cash, I can solve most of it."

'Miracle MU' had now left 'Legend of Mir 2' far behind and became the most profitable online game in the country. Makino Technology was based on YY, and its value-added income was constantly reaching new highs. Li Mu could totally transfer the cash from the accounts of the two companies to supply the demand for real estate. Anyway, the money would come back very quickly. A piece of land could get a loan with several times leverage. After getting the remaining pieces of land, he could hold them for a few months, and when the route map of line 10 was announced, the land price would soar by at least 50% in a short period of time. At that time, he could mortgage the rest of the land to the bank, and he could probably get tens of billions in one go. At that time, he could just make up for the money he transferred from Makino Technology and Storm Entertainment.

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Since you said so, then I won't stand on ceremony with you. It just so happens that I really don't want to put down my pride and ask for money from my family. Right now, if I get some money from other places, it shouldn't be a problem to make up for two figures. I'll leave the rest to you."

Song Liang said, "I can still support a little on my side. Not much, just enough to make up a figure."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Leave the rest to me."