Chapter 883

Li Mu had never talked about life and ideals with Su Yingxue while lying on the bed like this.

In the Yucheng Garden District that he first rented, Li Mu and Su Yingxue first sat cross-legged on the bed. The two sat opposite each other. Li Mu began to talk to Su Yingxue about the current situation of his entire industry, including his several companies and other enterprises that were related to him. Because the entire asset structure was too big, and the layers were poor and complicated, it was not really clear in one or two hours.

In the end, the two sat until their backs were sore, so they simply washed up and lay on the bed to continue talking.

For the first time, Li Mu opened up and said all the strategic planning and layout that he could say at the moment. He had so many business partners, from Zhao Kang to Song Liang, from Lin Ching-ah to Liu Xiaodong, each of them could only guarantee that they had enough understanding of the business that they and Li Mu were working together in. The others only knew a little bit. The only one who could understand so comprehensively was Su Yingxue.

Choosing to "talk" to Su Yingxue was actually Li Mu's multiple psychological problems.

On one hand, Su Yingxue was the fetter of two lives. Among all the women, Li Mu had the most special feelings for her. He might not necessarily be the closest to her in his heart, but he definitely trusted her the most.

On the other hand, Su Yingxue was young in his previous life and had no background, but she was able to make a name for herself in Wall Street. She must be particularly sensitive to business situations.

On the other hand, it was also a special emotion that Li Mu had been suppressing in his heart. For many years in his previous life, he felt that he could not lift his head in front of Su Yingxue. The feeling of suppression of looking up at her from afar for a long time actually had a profound impact on a man. So much so that now in Li Mu's subconscious, he really needed such a breakthrough point to personally tell Su Yingxue how strong he was now. In his previous life, he looked up at her from afar and felt ashamed of himself. In this life, it was his turn to go on stage.

It was very childish to say it, but it was very necessary for the crux in his heart.

Saying it made him happy. The crux brought back from his previous life was completely solved.

Although Su Yingxue rarely asked about Li Mu's business, she had been quietly paying attention to it. Except for Storm Entertainment, which had not been exposed much, she had a relatively deep understanding of all the other companies and businesses that Li Mu had exposed.

After listening to Li Mu's systematic sorting, she had a deeper understanding of Li Mu's current industrial layout.

As early as when Li Mu was admitted to the National People's Congress, she had already had a whole new level of respect for Li Mu. And when Li Mu led a large group of classmates to build the plate of 3321, she had already begun to have an extraordinary personal worship for Li Mu. At that time, Li Mu had already invisibly reversed the situation in his previous life. From that moment until now, as Li Mu gradually revealed his huge hidden strength, Su Yingxue's worship and admiration for Li Mu grew day by day.

Now, deep in Su Yingxue's heart, it was easy for her to feel inferior because of Li Mu. She knew very well that her father and uncle had benefited a lot from Li Mu. To a certain extent, this magnified the inferiority in her heart, so much so that she had always been full of worry and confusion about her and Li Mu's future. It was just that under the influence of her character, she had never shown it in front of Li Mu.

However, Su Yingxue's psychological strength was still far stronger than that of her peers. Although she was worried, it would not directly affect her. So after listening to Li Mu's introduction of all the industrial layout, she could still use a very agile mind to sort out each link clearly.

Therefore, when Li Mu's mouth was dry from talking, Su Yingxue asked him, "Which business do you want to focus on next?"

Li Mu said, "A week ago, it was Taobao and logistics. Now, it's YY Globalization."

As he said this, Li Mu added with some excitement, "If YY can become the first super product to go out of the country, the promotion and pull effect on Hua Xia's Internet industry in the future will be unimaginable!"

Su Yingxue nodded, but her expression was a little cold as she said, "But YY Globalization still needs a long time to go, step by step. The reason why you want to do YY Globalization now is because YY has unexpectedly become popular in the United States. However, this is beyond your control. I understand that you want to strike while the iron is hot, but if you treat it as your most important business, I'm afraid that the effectiveness will be very slow. Not to mention other things, if you want to send your team to the United States, you have to wait for the American government's visa. How long will it take?

Ten days? Half a month?

A month? "

Li Mu sighed. "The market is too far away, so a lot of the actions are indeed lagging behind."

Su Yingxue said, "So, your product is popular in the United States now, but you haven't opened any channels with the United States yet. If you put all your focus on this, what about the other businesses in the country?

You can slow down the expansion. The domestic business is your real foundation. Didn't you say that you're going to enter Taobao's daily necessities promotion soon?

This should be very important, right? "

Li Mu smacked his lips, nodded, and said, "It's indeed very important. However, Taobao's advantage in the domestic market has already been established, so the pressure will be relatively less."

Su Yingxue said, "But you said it yourself. Now that the industry's favorable policies are so strong, overseas companies and investors may very well wait for the opportunity to move. If they choose to develop in the country, will the most likely industry to cut into is instant messaging like YY?"

Li Mu shook his head. "Not very likely. In terms of product strength, YY has no match in the world."

Su Yingxue asked, "Then will it be e-commerce?"

Li Mu thought carefully, nodded, and said, "It's very likely to be e-commerce, because there are two big e-commerce companies in the United States, eBay and Amazon. The former has already acquired eBay in the country, but they haven't figured out the direction of development yet. As for Amazon … I can't say when they will choose to enter China."

Su Yingxue said, "There's also Dang Dang and Ali, right? You took over Outstanding Web and said that you want to lose money to produce books. Dang Dang must hate you to death. What do you think Dang Dang is doing now?

Hangzhou's Boss Ma didn't manage to scam you with the logistics incident last time. Now he must be scheming to make a comeback, right? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes, but Dang Dang is not worth mentioning. Their business model is too simple and can't withstand attacks. Lei Jun will soon lead the team from Outstanding Web to attack Taobao's system. When that time comes, he will definitely be able to destroy them."

Su Yingxue did not comment on Li Mu's words. After a while, she said, "If I were the CEO of Dang Dang, I definitely wouldn't sit still and wait for death."

Li Mu asked, "So what?

Dang Dang's traffic and the channels to obtain traffic are far inferior to Taobao. Taobao has the super traffic channel of Makino Technology to support it. No one is a match for it. Most importantly, Taobao can afford to burn money to produce books, but Dang Dang can't. My book division can go three years without making a profit, or even lose 10 million every year. To Taobao's many major categories, the book business is just one leg. This leg can't keep up with the pace and can't affect the whole business. But Dang Dang can't. It originally had two legs, and I've already broken the audio and video product leg. If this leg can't keep up with the pace, it can only die. "

Su Yingxue said, "That's why I said that if I were the CEO of Dang Dang, I wouldn't sit still and wait for death. In this situation, I know that I'm not a match for you, so I'll give up on the idea of going against you alone. I'll either find a strong partner to fight against Taobao together, or find someone to hug. You're burning money, aren't you?

I can't afford it myself, but my investor can. If we burn it together, I might not necessarily lose. "

Li Mu asked her, "You mean that Dang Dang might cooperate with Alibaba, or directly bring in overseas capital?"

"That's right."

Su Yingxue said, "I still have to live. Even a grasshopper tied up by foxtail grass will desperately try to escape, let alone a company.

If it were me, I would form an alliance with whoever has a chance to shake you now. Whoever has the strength to fight against you, I would hug that person's thigh. At this time, if an outsider wants to come in, that would be even better. I'll directly lead the way for him and help him deal with you together. "

After saying this, Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu and said seriously, "It's very important to expand our territory, but I don't think it's the most important thing right now. The most important thing is to consolidate our foundation before the tycoons attack."

Li Mu frowned as he listened. What Su Yingxue said was not unreasonable. In fact, it made a lot of sense.

Not to mention other things, just the problem with Dang Dang alone made him take it for granted.

In his previous plan, Dang Dang would not be able to resist at all. With his powerful strength, it would have no chance of surviving.

But what he did not expect was that Dang Dang is not a fool. Even if it could not resist, it will still think of ways to protect itself. It can form an alliance with others or rely on its enemies. Even if it is just a dog of a tycoon, it will still have a chance of survival.

If this is the case, Dang Dang has a lot of chances of survival.

He can look for Boss Ma directly. Everyone wants to fight against Taobao, and they can form an alliance. He can also look for eBay. He believes that if he becomes Taobao, it will stimulate eBay, and eBay's strategy in China will also be improved.

To Li Mu, the first two options are fine. But if he looks for Amazon, or if Amazon looks for him, there will be nothing he can do …

When it comes to burning money, Amazon is much better than him. Before the dot-com bubble burst, Amazon had already used tens of billions of USD to burn money. If Dang Dang really relies on Amazon, it will be a huge headache for him.

So, Li Mu got up with a start and took out his mobile phone to send a message to Lei Jun, "Boss Lei, try to find a way to understand Dang Dang's current movements in the next two days, especially pay attention to whether they have any capital movements."

Just as he was about to send the message, he thought of Boss Ma and hurriedly added another message at the end. "Pay attention to Hangzhou Ali's movements. I know they have a C2C website that has been waiting for an opportunity to go online. Find a way to understand their current online plans."