Chapter 794

Ding Sicheng did not quite understand Li Mu's way of doing things. It was supposed to be a simple matter. He would do Li Mu a favor, and he would ask the municipal bureau to fully protect his parents' safety in Haizhou in the future. However, Li Mu insisted on paying three to five million a year. Compared to his request, wasn't this investment a little too much?

In fact, what Ding Sicheng did not understand was that Li Mu was used to doing things cautiously. He would not casually take advantage of the government, and even if he did, he would directly take advantage of the government's policies. The bigger the advantage, the less likely it was to be criticized. For example, he had asked Minister Zhen for a full car purchase tax on Taobao Logistics. As long as the government's policies were introduced, he would feel at ease taking advantage of the government. After all, it was the support policy formulated by the government. Who would question the government's decision?

Li Mu was not afraid of taking advantage of others, but he did not want to take advantage of such a small advantage in front of him. Firstly, he looked down on it, and secondly, he could not take advantage of it.

Just like when he hired the active soldiers of the Sword God Brigade as bodyguards, Li Mu did not want others to make an issue of it one day. Therefore, he invested a few million to set up a Double Support Fund in the Sword God Brigade. Several widows and orphans of the martyrs of the Sword God Brigade now had excellent living security. The cost was much higher than the cost of hiring bodyguards, but for Li Mu, it was worth it. In the future, if anyone dared to say that he used active soldiers as bodyguards, he would throw millions or even tens of millions of the Double Support Fund in their faces.

This time, Li Mu's biggest purpose was to make the Haizhou municipal government pay attention to the personal safety of his parents and provide them with a certain amount of protection. This special treatment would indeed waste some police force, so he would donate three to five million a year to improve the efficiency of the police force in Haizhou. If anyone dared to say that his parents wasted the working time of several criminal police officers in the Haizhou Municipal Bureau, they would have to think about the number of police cars he donated to the Haizhou Municipal Bureau every year before saying anything.

What's more, Li Mu had donated the police car to the Municipal Public Security Bureau, to a large extent, was also a gesture of goodwill towards Su Weimin. No matter what, he was Su Yingxue's father, and in the future, he would be responsible for his parents' safety. Li Mu should also do something. Giving the police car was a big gift to Su Weimin.

Besides, a few million a year was nothing to Li Mu. Right now, he could be said to be a super rich man. Not only did he own a few highly valued internet companies, but he also had a large amount of cash at his disposal. Just the cash income that "Miracle MU" could bring him this year could steadily reach the level of 100 million yuan.

As for Ding Sicheng, even if he felt that Li Mu was somewhat unreasonable, he couldn't say much. Li Mu's influence in the domestic society, and even in the domestic officialdom, was much higher than his. He talked and laughed with all the big leaders, so he had no choice but to go along with him.

Therefore, Ding Sicheng could only go along with Li Mu's words and say, "Li Zong really cares about his hometown. Twenty police cars every year will improve the security of our Haizhou by a lot!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "This is what I should do."

Ding Sicheng looked at Su Weimin and said with a smile, "Director Su must be the happiest now. During this time, he has been thinking about cars like crazy."

Su Weimin nodded and said excitedly, "Right now, the biggest problem of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau is the lack of police cars. The budget of the higher-ups is tight, but Haizhou is really not small. Not only the urban area, but also the districts and counties under it. The lack of cars is really a big problem. Twenty police cars can solve a very big problem."

Hearing this, Li Mu decided to do him a favor and said, "Uncle Su, about the police cars, I will work on it in the next two days. You can give me a list of specific car models, and I will arrange for someone to be responsible for the purchase. The purchase will be completed as soon as possible and sent to the Municipal Bureau."

Su Weimin asked in surprise, "I will specify the model?"

"Of course."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I don't know what our Municipal Bureau needs for cars in practical applications. I'm afraid it's not suitable if all 20 are sedans, and it's not practical if all of them are Iveco."

Su Weimin hurriedly nodded and said, "We don't have any requirements for sedans. The Santana is the most suitable. It's cheap, easy to repair, and the spare parts are also cheap. Basically, the experienced drivers in the Municipal Bureau can repair it. Iveco is especially suitable for patrol cars. In case of emergencies, Iveco cars also have a great advantage. But to be honest, the cost of Iveco is relatively high. Our Haizhou Municipal Bureau doesn't have any of them now. Basically, all of them are big Gold Cups.

We are also familiar with the Gold Cups, so the Gold Cups are more suitable. "The overall performance and reliability of the 2.8-liter Iveco were much better than the Gold Cups. Of course, the price was also very touching. In this era, the starting price was nearly 300,000 yuan. In contrast, the Gold Cup had not even crossed the threshold of 100,000 yuan. The gap was not small. At present, if any Municipal Bureau wanted to buy Iveco, the Provincial Bureau would definitely not approve it. This car model was now a luxury for the Provincial Bureau. The possibility of ordinary prefecture-level cities being equipped with it was almost zero. Of course, corporate donations were another matter.

Even Su Weimin did not expect to be equipped with a luxury car model like Iveco. He did not expect Li Mu to simply say, "Then let's set the Santana and Iveco models. You can tell me the specific quantity ratio in time after you think about it."

Su Weimin hesitated for a long time before saying, "In that case, those two Ivecos are enough. The rest of the cars will be Santana."

Li Mu asked him, "Are you sure two Ivecos are enough?"

Su Weimin nodded with a conflicted and pained expression. He gritted his teeth and said, "Two is enough …"

Of course, two was not enough, but he was embarrassed to ask for an exorbitant price. He wanted ten Ivecos, but ten Ivecos were almost three million yuan. If he added ten Santana, wouldn't it be four million yuan?

Li Mu caught Su Weimin's expression. He smiled slightly and made a decision readily. "How about this, half of the Santana and Iveco. I will ask someone to place an order directly in Jinling tomorrow. Be sure to have them send it to the Haizhou Municipal Bureau as soon as possible."

Su Weimin suddenly beamed with joy. Iveco was actually the car model that the Municipal Bureau most urgently wanted at the moment. When he went to Shanghai for a meeting some time ago, he had seen the Shanghai Police's Iveco mobile patrol car many times. Such a car could carry at least a dozen people. When such a car stopped in the downtown area, its deterrent force was extraordinary. Usually, there were important operations. This kind of car was more convenient for the police to transport and arrest suspects. It was simply tailor-made for the public security system.

Originally, he was embarrassed to ask Li Mu to spend so much money, but he did not expect Li Mu to say the result that he wanted the most. How could he not be happy?

He was almost thinking about the distribution of these twenty cars in his mind.

When he thought that there would be more brand new Santana and Iveco in the parking lot of the Municipal Bureau in the future, Su Weimin's mood was particularly good. He looked at Li Mu again, and the previous uneasiness in his heart disappeared. He even felt that he would never interfere with Li Mu's relationship with his daughter again just because of these cars.

Ding Sicheng watched from the side, and he probably figured out the reason why Li Mu insisted on sending the cars to the Municipal Bureau. On the one hand, Li Mu certainly did not want to owe a favor because of this matter. On the other hand, he was expressing goodwill to Su Weimin.

Although Ding Sicheng did not understand why Li Mu needed to take the initiative to express goodwill to Su Weimin, Li Mu was indeed taking the initiative to cater to Su Weimin from the way he addressed Su Weimin as "Uncle Su." Ding Sicheng could also see that Li Mu was indeed taking the initiative to cater to Su Weimin. What is so great about this Su Weimin?

It seems that I have to take the time to understand it!

…

After confirming that the Municipal Bureau would strictly protect the safety of Li Mu's parents 24/7, and confirming that Li Mu would give the Municipal Bureau twenty police cars every year for the next five years, Ding Sicheng talked about the economic construction of Haizhou again.

Ding Sicheng introduced the current economic situation of Haizhou to Li Mu. There were no pillar industries in the city. It was a place where there was neither industry nor commerce. Basically, there were some light industries, basic retail, and service industries. The economic situation was very poor. He hoped that Li Mu could make some investments in Haizhou to promote the economic development of Haizhou.

Li Mu only agreed for the time being. Although he also hoped that he could contribute to the economic construction of his hometown, he could not think of a good solution for the situation of Haizhou in a short time. Haizhou had neither resources nor transportation, and its infrastructure was relatively poor. It was very unlikely that he would invest in any projects in Haizhou.

In his previous life, after Liu Shixiong's industry grew, he only brought the insignificant customer service department to his hometown. At the moment, Li Mu could not even bring back the customer service department. Therefore, it was possible to support the economic construction of his hometown.

Li Mu did not stay in the Municipal Committee for too long. After discussing the specific details with the leaders of the Municipal Committee and Su Weimin, he took a car from Wanying Real Estate back home. At this time, Song Liang was talking with Zhang Wanjun in the company, so Li Mu asked for a Benz car from Wanying Real Estate for temporary use. He did not want to go home. He wanted to drive to see Su Yingxue first.

Wearing a disposable medical mask, Li Mu drove Wanying Real Estate's Benz directly to the community where Su Yingxue's home was.

While driving, Li Mu called Su Yingxue. The moment the phone was connected, he asked, "Where are you?"

Su Yingxue said, "I'm at home. What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I'll be there soon. Come out."

Su Yingxue said, "Okay, I'll go out now."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yingxue's heart suddenly became excited. Knowing that Li Mu would arrive today, she had been waiting for Li Mu's call. Now that Li Mu came to see her, it was enough to show how much importance Li Mu attached to her.

Because it was Saturday, Su Yingxue's mother, Fang Min, did not go to work. Seeing that Su Yingxue was about to go out after answering the phone, she couldn't help but ask her, "Was it Li Mu who called?"

Su Yingxue did not hide it and nodded gently.

Fang Min asked again, "Are you going to see him now?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment, then nodded and said, "He'll be here soon. Let me go out to see him."

Fang Min was slightly stunned and calculated the time. If Li Mu arrived at her home immediately, he should have rushed over as soon as he finished his work at the Municipal Committee. It seemed that he really cared about her daughter.

So Fang Min did not say much, but just said, "Don't come back too late."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "Don't worry, Mom. It won't be too late."