Chapter 943

While millions of people were fighting for coupons and shopping on Taobao, Xie Chenglong held a cigarette in his mouth as he arrived at the east room where Wei Lan was held captive.

The first thing he did after entering the room was to pull the switch on the wall and turn on the twenty-watt incandescent light above Wei Lan's head.

Then, Xie Chenglong pulled a stool over and placed it in front of Wei Lan. He reached out to remove Wei Lan's blindfold before sitting down in front of her.

Wei Lan's eyes hadn't seen light for a long time. Even though it was only a twenty-watt incandescent light, she couldn't see clearly for a long time. She could only make out the silhouette of a man sitting in front of her. After a long time, her vision recovered, and she finally saw the man's face.

Wei Lan recognized him at a glance. It was the driver of the Jetta that had crashed into her.

Song Zhilei didn't dare to see Wei Lan because he was afraid that she would tell the truth to Li Mu after knowing his identity. After all, if he wanted to kidnap her and make Li Mu pay, he had to let Wei Lan communicate with Li Mu. When that happened, all Wei Lan had to do was say the three words "Song Zhilei," and Song Zhilei would be finished.

However, Song Zhilei was afraid, but Xie Chenglong wasn't.

First of all, Wei Lan didn't know him, so she couldn't quickly reveal anything related to him to Li Mu over the phone. Second, no matter what happened, Wei Lan had to die. The pit to bury her had already been dug, and it was less than three kilometers from here at the foot of the mountain. He wasn't afraid of seeing her again.

Wei Lan stared at Xie Chenglong nervously. Xie Chenglong squinted his eyes and sized her up. He took a puff of his cigarette and said to Wei Lan, "I'm going to take the towel out of your mouth now. You have to be good and listen to me. Whatever I ask, you have to answer. Whatever I talk about, you have to say. If you dare to yell, I won't be polite to you. If you understand, nod."

Wei Lan hurriedly nodded.

Xie Chenglong grunted in satisfaction and reached out to take the towel out of Wei Lan's mouth.

As soon as Wei Lan could speak, she hurriedly said to him, "How much money do you want? Tell me a number and I'll find a way to satisfy you. I just hope you can let me go after you get the money."

Xie Chenglong smiled and said, "We don't want much, just 30 million RMB in cash and 10 million USD in cash. I know you're worth at least 800 million, so this amount of money is nothing to you. Once we get the money, we'll let you go immediately. In the future, you'll learn from your mistakes and spend some money to hire a few bodyguards to prevent people like us from attacking you in the future."

Xie Chenglong spoke sincerely, as if he was a friend who was having a heart-to-heart chat with her. If it wasn't for the fact that Wei Lan had already deduced that the mastermind behind all this was Song Zhilei, she might have even believed Xie Chenglong's words.

However, although she didn't believe it at all, Wei Lan still acted very trusting. She nodded repeatedly and said, "I will definitely cooperate with you to get this money. It's true that Li Mu owes me 800 million yuan for the purchase. Although he said that it would be paid in three years, I still have some personal friendship with him. In such a big matter, it's not a loss for him to let him take the money first."

Xie Chenglong nodded and said, "Li Mu has a lot of influence. We don't want him to call the police and blow things up. You should know that if the police aren't involved, we'll let you go after we get the money and everyone will be fine. But if the police are involved and we're caught, it'll be a serious crime. If that happens, we won't have a good time. Naturally, we won't let you have a good time either. If we kill you and run, it'll be easier for us to escape, right?"

Wei Lan nodded repeatedly, her face full of fear. Even her eyes had turned red and tears were swirling in them. In the blink of an eye, they turned into two streams of tears and flowed down her cheeks.

Wei Lan was indeed afraid, but her tears were to confuse the other party. She purposely thought of her parents. When she thought of how her parents were far away on the other side of the ocean, and how they wouldn't know that she was kidnapped on the other side of the world, tears rolled down her cheeks.

Seeing Wei Lan crying out of fear, Xie Chenglong relaxed his guard against her. He thought that his persuasion was effective, so he continued, "I'll give Li Mu a call later. Before I give you the permission to speak, don't speak carelessly. Just say what I want you to say. If you say one more word or one less word, I won't take your life, but I'll cut off one of your fingers. If you don't have enough fingers, then I'll cut off your toes. Although I seem to be an easy-going person, I'll definitely keep my word!"

Xie Chenglong was experienced. When he called Li Mu to ask for money, Wei Lan's role was to let Li Mu confirm that she had indeed been kidnapped. Then, he wouldn't call the police and would quickly prepare the money. Therefore, he had to warn Wei Lan not to speak carelessly. When the time came, she just had to say what he wanted her to say. Otherwise, if she revealed any information, it might ruin the plan.

Wei Lan saw that Xie Chenglong's expression was calm and indifferent, but there was an extremely calm ruthlessness in his bones. Her intuition told her that this was an extremely difficult person to deal with. Her heart trembled, and she became even more pessimistic about what had happened to her.

Xie Chenglong took out Wei Lan's phone from his pocket. This small flip phone's battery had been removed.

After installing the battery in front of Wei Lan, Xie Chenglong asked her, "You have Li Mu's number in your phone, right?"

Wei Lan nodded. "Yes."

"Alright, I'll call Li Mu now!"

…

"The event has officially been launched for five minutes, and the transaction has exceeded 50 million!"

When the operation team sent out the real-time data, the entire Taobao website was in a state of jubilation!

This event wasn't an instant kill. Most of the special offers were fully stocked, but after the event was launched, it immediately attracted a considerable number of users to place orders.

At the same time, the 22,000 coupons had long been snatched clean. The notification bar at the top of any page on the website was scrolling with the user's ID and the type of coupons that were snatched.

At the same time, they didn't forget to remind other users that the next round of coupons would start at 1 am sharp!

Li Mu also didn't expect to achieve a transaction of 50 million within the first five minutes of going online. This gave him even more confidence.

Then, Li Mu immediately looked at the data analysis chart. Of the 50 million transaction, 70% came from clothing.

The discount on clothing was huge, and some of the special offers were indeed not like daily necessities, where there were hundreds of thousands or even millions of items in stock. Some brands took out a small number of super special offers to attract attention. Therefore, the first to trigger a rush was this batch of special offers that didn't have many in stock.

Li Mu was very clear that the next highlight was not only the user's demand for clothing, shoes, and hats, but also the user's "pooling" mentality on daily necessities and other goods. Most people who wanted to buy grain, oil, and food would save up to 199 yuan before placing an order. It was the same for daily necessities. These goods didn't need to be rushed, but they needed to struggle and weigh the pros and cons. Basically, most of the consumers would have the behavior of "overbuying" because there was a subconscious belief supporting them: Since they would need it in the future, why not buy more when it's cheap?

With enough data to support it, everyone firmly believed that this time, Taobao's promotion had great potential. The real power still had to be seen in the second half of the event.

While Taobao website was overjoyed, Hangzhou's Taobao website was still in a state of silence.

Five minutes before the event started, the transaction was less than 100,000 yuan.

Looking at the paltry 80,000 yuan transaction, every Taobao employee's heart was like dead ashes.

To put it bluntly, how could one measure the strength of an e-commerce website?

There was only one key data, and that was the transaction volume.

The opening was already so bad, and the remaining 23 hours and 55 minutes were simply hopeless.

Boss Ma's face was gloomy. Previously, he had been looking forward to the arrival of the midnight of September 29th. In his imagination, the transaction volume of the platform would be like a rocket at this moment, rising non-stop.

However, ever since Li Mu started to attack Taobao, his dream had been shattered bit by bit. Now, he had basically woken up from his dream. He could only look at the ground full of fragmented dreams and experience the hardships and cruelty of reality.

At this moment, Boss Ma only wanted to know the data of Taobao website. How much did they sell in the same five minutes?

At this moment, a notification popped up on YY. A late-night news was pushed to all online users in the Hua Xia region: "Taobao website 929 big promotion, transaction volume exceeded 50 million yuan in five minutes!"

When Boss Ma saw this title, his brain buzzed. His eyes seemed to have lost their light, and everything in front of him turned black.

He knew Li Mu's tricks very well. This data was definitely not fake because Li Mu was not the kind of person who liked to boast about his performance.

In the same five minutes, Li Mu's Taobao website sold 50 million yuan, while his Taobao website sold more than 80,000 yuan. This 600 times difference was like 600 loud slaps on his face.

Boss Ma was resentful and angry. He expected to fail, but he did not expect to fail so badly.

Li Mu really knew how to play. Moreover, he had more marketing methods than Boss Ma. Just the full discount coupons alone was many times better than Boss Ma's full discount coupons. The biggest gimmick was Li Mu's large discount coupons. 199 minus 198. This gimmick was like a shot of chicken blood injected into the consumer's body!

At the same time, with the same promotion, most of the consumer's energy would be focused on one main platform. Taobao had done a good job of attracting attention. Boss Ma's huge advantage made him feel like an ant in front of Li Mu. It was simply ridiculous.

Boss Ma knew very well that he would become the laughing stock of the entire internet tomorrow. Compared to him, it was not embarrassing for others like Boss Ma of Tengxun to be defeated by Li Mu. This was because Boss Ma of Tengxun was always defeated by Li Mu, who had a stronger product. Most people in the industry looked at him with pity and felt that it was a pity for him to be born. However, Boss Ma and Boss Ma of Tengxun were very different.

To Li Mu and Taobao website, Boss Ma was the one who overestimated himself and took the initiative to provoke Li Mu!

Boss Ma was envious of Li Mu's 2C retail business and did not work hard to manage his B2B business. Instead, he created trouble for Li Mu. First, he acquired a few express delivery companies and wanted to take the opportunity to invest in Taobao. After being rejected by Li Mu, he deliberately let his logistics company cause trouble for Li Mu's brand. Later, Li Mu publicly slapped his face in the media, causing his reputation to be ruined. In the end, Boss Ma endured the humiliation and created Taobao. Just when he was about to counterattack with a big promotion, he did not expect to be defeated by Li Mu's main force …