Chapter 1521

With the popularity of Crazy Stone, it wasn't easy to reserve the entire theater.

The tickets for the last scene of Crazy Stone had already been sold out. Zhao Xin specifically bribed the theater manager, and with the excuse of equipment failure, he refunded 100 people's tickets on the spot, spending 2,800 yuan. He also compensated each audience member with 10 yuan in cash, for a total of 3,800 yuan. The remaining 6,200 yuan was used to make connections.

6,200 yuan in this day and age wasn't a small amount. A theater employee's monthly salary was only about 2,000 yuan.

One of the biggest benefits of reserving the theater was that they could steal the movie without worry. Zhao Xin brought his brother-in-law with him, and he was in charge of filming with a high-definition camera. His brother-in-law was in charge of fixing the imported high-fidelity recording microphone in front of the theater's sound system and doing the microphone pickup.

When other people made pirated movies, they would use a portable DV to film. There was a lot of noise, serious shaking, and serious interference, and the sound pickup depended on the DV's built-in microphone. Not only was the ambient noise very high, but the background noise was also very high.

But for Zhao Xin's pirated movie, he used a high-definition camera with a tripod and placed it in the middle of the screen to film. The picture was stable and clear, and it could achieve 80% of the original. The sound pickup was even better. Because he used professional equipment to pick up the sound a few centimeters away from the sound system, the sound was not only clear, but also had no noise interference. It could be said to be perfect.

Zhao Xin recorded, and his brother-in-law recorded. When they went back, they used computer software to mix the sound and the picture together, and a high-definition pirated movie was done.

The camera was in the middle of the golden third row from the back, shooting the picture on the screen. Zhao Xin and his brother-in-law sat in the last row, smoking and laughing as they watched.

Because the microphone was a few centimeters away from the sound system, no matter how loud their voices were, it wouldn't be picked up, and the two of them were completely unrestrained.

After reserving the entire theater and watching the movie, when the subtitles came out.

Zhao Xin excitedly said to his brother-in-law, "After we finish filming this movie, we'll go back and synthesize it. Tonight, we'll start production at full capacity. Tomorrow, when this batch of discs hits the market, they'll definitely sell like crazy!"

His brother-in-law nodded and said, "Brother-in-law, I estimate that our movie will hit the market for 48 hours at most. After someone pirated our source, they'll make their own discs and hit the market right after."

"This bunch of bastards are too f * cking shameless, staring at us for piracy, f * cking f * cking hell!"

Zhao Xin was infuriated when he thought of those pirates. He had gone through so much trouble to get his hands on the high-definition film source, but they had stolen it the moment it hit the market. They had even stolen his own brand, KKK. Therefore, the window for him to make money was only a day or two.

His brother-in-law said, "But fortunately, our 3K brand is still well-known. Some consumers only recognize 3K when they buy."

Zhao Xin spat and said angrily, "The problem is that these bastards didn't even let off the 3K trademark!

Look at how many fake 3K discs are on the market now. They're all made by these shameless bastards! "

His brother-in-law said angrily, "How depressing. We're going to let those sons of b * tches take advantage of us again."

At this time, Zhao Xin stood up, waved his hand at his brother-in-law, and said, "It's done, let's go quickly."

The two of them immediately put away their equipment and left the theater. Zhao Xin's driver, Wng Lei, was already waiting at the entrance of the theater.

When Zhao Xin and his brother-in-law entered the theater, Wng Lei took the time to go to the Internet cafe next door to surf the net for a while. He had been chatting with a female online friend for the past few days, and the two of them were very close. A few days ago, Wng Lei asked this female online friend to be his wife, and she readily agreed. From that day on, the two of them started calling each other husband and wife.

In the early stages of online dating, it was especially easy to stimulate a person's hormones. Wng Lei was the same. These days, all he could think about was his beautiful and sensible "wife," so he would go to the Internet cafe whenever he had time. Without doing anything else, he would go on YY and video chat with the female online friend.

The two of them would video chat whenever they had the chance, and when they didn't, they would talk on the phone. Moreover, in the dead of night, they would often call each other to have sex. Listening to the other party's somewhat hoarse breathing on the phone, Wng Lei wished he could immediately fly to her and make all of this a reality.

This female online friend lived outside of the border, and these days, she had also fallen in love with Wng Lei. She had always wanted Wng Lei to go and find her, but Wng Lei followed Zhao Xin for 365 days a year. He only had a few days off during the New Year, and the rest of the time, he had to travel all over the country. Although his income was not bad, he couldn't support his high expenses, and he didn't have much money saved. If he really wanted to go out to meet online friends, he would have to prepare at least two or three thousand yuan to be confident.

After Zhao Xin got into his Passat, he sat directly in the front passenger seat. Unlike other bosses, Zhao Xin liked to sit in the front passenger seat the most, and he liked to put the seat as far back as possible.

After getting into the car, Zhao Xin couldn't wait to say to Wng Lei, "Stone, drive faster. We have to hurry back. We have to work all night tonight!"

After saying that, he lit a cigarette and happily took a few puffs, happily humming a little tune.

Wng Lei nodded, and as he started the car, he sized up Zhao Xin in the front passenger seat out of the corner of his eye.

Seeing that Zhao Xin was in a good mood, he couldn't help but say, "Brother Xin, I have a favor to ask of you."

Zhao Xin laughed and said straightforwardly, "You really know how to pick the right time, kid. Your brother is in a good mood right now, so say it!

What is it that you want from me? "

Wng Lei hurriedly said, "Brother Xin, can you give me an advance of a month's salary for the next few days, and allow me to take a few days off?

I want to take a few days off to find my girlfriend. "

Zhao Xin's originally smiling expression immediately darkened, and he said coldly, "Stone, you damned loser. Talking to a stinking woman on the internet has made you so infatuated with her?

Damn, I'm so busy right now. What will I do if you leave?

Who's going to drive for me? Who's going to pick me up?

You don't care about anything for a woman?

You're really useless! "

Wng Lei's expression was a bit awkward and annoyed, and he couldn't help but say, "Brother Xin, I haven't had a day off for the past three months. Just let me rest for a few days …"

Before Zhao Xin could say anything, Zhao Xin's brother-in-law, who was sitting in the back, directly slapped Wng Lei in the face and angrily scolded, "Damn, Stone, you don't want to f * cking work anymore?

Didn't you hear what my brother-in-law said?

You've been so busy lately, and you still have the mood to pick up girls? "

Wng Lei's right cheek was burning, and he felt wronged and angry. At this moment, he thought of the YY pop-up news he had seen while chatting with a female netizen, and he made a decision in his heart. Since you guys are heartless, then don't blame me for being unjust …

…

It was already late at night when they returned to the canned food factory. Zhao Xin and his brother-in-law went straight to an office in the factory as soon as they got out of the car. A young man was sitting in front of a computer waiting. When the two entered, he hurriedly connected the camera and recording equipment to the computer and began to read the documents inside.

During the reading process, he said to Zhao Xin, "Boss, I was bored just now, so I designed a small logo. I want to embed it into our video to promote our brand. what do you think?"

Zhao Xin asked in surprise, "What logo?"

"Let me take a look."

The young man opened the video production software. After adding a video, he added a logo file. The logo was Zhao Xin's 3K logo. However, the young man designed a rotating motion for the 3K logo and placed it in the upper right corner of the video source file. This way, during the video's playback, the 3K logo in the upper right corner would constantly rotate.

The young man demonstrated as he said, "We'll add this logo to all the videos. That way, even if someone pirated our video, they wouldn't be able to remove this logo. That way, our 3K brand will be even more well-known."

Zhao Xin nodded in satisfaction and said with a smile, "This is quite interesting!

I think it's pretty good. In the future, all our movies will add this logo! "

"Alright." The young man nodded excitedly after getting the affirmation.

After the video and sound files were read from their respective devices, the young man began to do video synthesis. The video was separated into a separate track in the software, and then the sound track was inserted into it. He found the matching point to synchronize the sound and picture. That way, the basic work was done.

After that, the young man added the logo, and let it rotate slowly in the upper right corner from start to finish. After confirming that it was correct, he clicked the synthesis button.

Nowadays, computers were generally of low specifications, and the speed of video synthesis and rendering was very slow. It would take at least an hour to render the sound and picture of a 100-minute movie.

While the three of them were waiting in front of the computer, the driver, Wang Lei, walked out of the factory and lit a cigarette.

When he was in the internet cafe, he saw the YY push notification and knew that Makino Technology was collecting information on pirated "Crazy Stone" audio-visual products from the whole society. If a successful report on a production line was verified, one could get a reward of 100,000 yuan. That was 100,000 yuan!

He was currently driving for Zhao Xin, and he could only earn 1,600 yuan a month.

There were a total of five production lines here. He didn't know if Makino Technology counted as one or five production lines.

If it counted as five production lines, then he would really be rich. It would be 500,000 yuan!

That was a huge sum of money that he didn't even dare to dream of.

Even if it wasn't 500,000 yuan, it would be pretty good if it was only 100,000 yuan. It was impossible for an ordinary person to fork out 100,000 yuan.

If he could get the 100,000 yuan reward, he could look for the "wife" on the internet. He could spend some time with her, and at the same time, he could cultivate a relationship with her. Every time she called out to him on the phone, she would definitely not disappoint him when they were in bed …

Thinking back, the YY push notification said that there were a total of four reporting channels. One could directly report through the reporting link on the YY website, or call the hotline number of Makino Image to report. Apart from that, text messages and emails were also fine.

Moreover, Makino Technology had an important additional note: if there were more than one person reporting on the same production line, the first person reporting would be the winner, and the other people reporting would not be rewarded.

In other words, if he wanted to report Zhao Xin, he had to be quick. Otherwise, if someone else got ahead of him, he wouldn't be able to earn the money.

Fortunately, when he saw the push notification, Wang Lei paid extra attention and remembered the text message number. He remembered the number just in case. If Zhao Xin made him angry, he could send a text message to report him at any time.