Chapter 515

Xue Jianfeng drank a lot of alcohol by himself and said a lot of heartfelt words to Li Mu. It turned out that ever since he got together with Chen Qiao, he had been spending a lot of money on Chen Qiao. Xue Jianfeng's family gave him a living allowance of one thousand yuan a month. In this era, it was the level of a nouveau riche. However, more than half of this money was spent on Chen Qiao. Ever since the two got together, Chen Qiao's food, clothing, and pocket money were all covered by Xue Jianfeng. Chen Qiao also tried to please him in every possible way, making him feel that the money was well spent.

Sometimes, when Chen Qiao wanted something expensive, Xue Jianfeng would find an excuse to ask for money from his family. On Chen Qiao's birthday, Xue Jianfeng gave her an LV handbag, which cost more than six thousand yuan. It was almost half of his living expenses. At that time, his family didn't encounter any difficulties, and they tried their best to satisfy Xue Jianfeng's requests.

Two or three months ago, Xue Jianfeng's family couldn't get back a large sum of money from their business. In order to cope with the crisis, they took a loan from the bank. For a while, the family was strapped for cash, so they temporarily reduced Xue Jianfeng's living expenses to six hundred yuan a month. Even so, it was twice as much as the average student. However, when Xue Jianfeng's living expenses were reduced, and his family didn't give him more pocket money, Chen Qiao's quality of life suddenly dropped. Some time ago, she wanted to change to the popular Motorola V70, but how could Xue Jianfeng afford a phone that cost three or four thousand yuan? So, he tactfully rejected Chen Qiao and told her that his family had some problems, and he would buy her a phone after a while.

However, when Chen Qiao heard that something happened to his family, she changed her attitude faster than turning a page of a book. Since then, it was difficult for Xue Jianfeng to ask her out again. Chen Qiao always had a variety of reasons to reject him, and in the end, she simply wanted to break up with him. Xue Jianfeng had a high school classmate at Yanjing University. After asking him for help, he found out that Chen Qiao had already hooked up with a Yanjing local boy in the school. Some people saw the two getting a room outside the school, and some people saw the two having sex in the woods near the school field late at night. Xue Jianfeng had unknowingly been cuckolded by Chen Qiao.

After listening to these reasons, Li Mu also sighed that Chen Qiao was really a cheap woman. He really didn't know how a woman with this kind of character was admitted to Yanjing University.

Seeing that Xue Jianfeng was in a bad mood, Li Mu was afraid that he would take things too hard, so he comforted him, "To be honest, you know how you got together with Chen Qiao. You know what kind of person she is, so I'm not surprised that this kind of thing happened."

Xue Jianfeng nodded. Of course, he understood the meaning of Li Mu's words. In the beginning, he didn't have a lot of feelings for Chen Qiao. At the beginning, it was the dormitory boss, Sun Jian, who liked him, but Chen Qiao didn't have any feelings for Sun Jian. Later, when everyone went out to a party and slept in the KTV, Chen Qiao took the initiative to get into Xue Jianfeng's arms, and the two started to be together.

As for why Chen Qiao would do this at that time, Li Mu thought about the current situation, and he could roughly guess it. Chen Qiao wasn't very good-looking, only slightly above average. Among the six people in his dormitory, three of them didn't have good family conditions, so Chen Qiao definitely looked down on them. At that time, he guessed that in others' eyes, the more well-off people were himself, Li Yawei, and Xue Jianfeng.

Not to mention himself, not long after the party with their dormitory, Zhao Ziqiu clearly fell in love with him, and ran to the National People's Congress Swimming Pool to look for him. Even if Chen Qiao was interested in him, she probably felt that the competition was too much; Li Yawei was the same, he and Han Xiaoxiao were childhood friends, and they were both locals of Yanjing. Han Xiaoxiao's facial features, figure, and personality were all better than Chen Qiao, Li Yawei's brain must be filled with sh * t to like Chen Qiao. Thus, the only one left was Xue Jianfeng.

Xue Jianfeng was from Qilu, his body was relatively strong, and although he wasn't very handsome, he was more masculine than the average university student. The most important thing was that this kid's family condition was not bad, and in terms of living expenses, he should be the highest in the dormitory other than Li Mu. He wore good clothes, ate good food, drank good wine, and spent money more freely, so Chen Qiao chose him. Although Xue Jianfeng didn't have any feelings for her in the beginning, he couldn't resist a young girl who took the initiative to throw herself into his arms. At this age, there weren't many girls who were willing to completely open their bodies. Chen Qiao's body completely satisfied Xue Jianfeng, and gradually captured his young man's heart.

What Xue Jianfeng didn't expect was that after spending more than half a year together, Chen Qiao actually quietly swapped positions with him. In the beginning, Chen Qiao took the initiative to throw herself into his arms, and he had a playful attitude when he got together with Chen Qiao. He didn't expect that now, the one who had a playful attitude was Chen Qiao, and he, unknowingly, fell deeper and deeper. In the end, he realized that Chen Qiao had always treated him as a rich guy …

It wasn't until all the lights in the opposite female dormitory were turned off that Li Yawei and Sun Jian stopped fighting over the binoculars. They turned their heads and saw that Liu Nian, who had the worst alcohol tolerance, had fallen asleep while leaning against the wall. Then they looked at Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng, and they were actually still drinking.

Li Mu comforted Xue Jianfeng for a long time, and seeing that Xue Jianfeng's mood was a lot better, he was finally relieved.

Li Yawei didn't know what the two were talking about, but she said in surprise as she looked at the pile of empty cans, and asked, "Why did you two drink everyone's beer?"

Li Mu said, "Who asked you to be so busy peeping?"

Li Yawei rubbed her eyes and said, "My eyes are almost f * cking blind."

Sun Jian said, not fully satisfied, "Come back tomorrow night, I saw that there's a girl on the far right on the opposite fourth floor, and she's not bad looking!"

Li Mu jumped down from the inner eaves, picked up the plastic bags, and called the others to put away the empty cans, and then carried the sleeping Liu Nian back to the dormitory.

The next morning, the few brothers in the dormitory woke up for class, only Xue Jianfeng was still in a daze, because he drank too much last night. Sun Jian wanted to wake him up, but Li Mu stopped him, called him to the side, and said in a low voice, "Pay attention to Jianfeng these few days, talk to him more, if you have nothing to do, ask him out for a meal, or go to the internet cafe to play games, and so on. Other than during class, try not to let him be alone."

Sun Jian asked curiously, "What's wrong?

What's the matter? "

Li Mu said, "Just pay more attention to him, as for what's the matter, if he wants to say it, then say it. If not, then forget it. I won't say anything more."

It was rare for Sun Jian to hear Li Mu speak so seriously. Under normal circumstances, he would speak very casually in front of the few brothers in the dormitory, even when they helped to promote 3321 in all the major schools in Yanjing, he did not speak so seriously, so he nodded and said, "Don't worry, Liu Nian and I are both single, in the future, we'll call him along for anything."

Li Mu and the other four people in the dormitory came out together, and the five of them went to the cafeteria for breakfast. Then, Li Mu separated from the others, and they went to their own teaching buildings, while Li Mu left the school gate and directly took a bus to Taobao.

Taobao was about to go online, and Li Mu had done a lot of preparation and paving the way for its arrival. He had been preparing for so long, and seeing that the due date of birth was approaching, no one was more excited than him. These few days, he was prepared to keep an eye on Taobao until it was officially released.

Liu Xiaodong had been very busy these few days. He was in charge of all the operations of Taobao, Fang Xudong was in charge of technical support, and Li Mu was in charge of strategic planning and integrated marketing. At the moment, Li Mu's focus was on the release of Mango-ME, and the other things were basically handed over to Liu Xiaodong.

The huge pressure also made Liu Xiaodong burst out with extraordinary potential. He led the team to do all the preparation work that he could think of, and like Li Mu, he was only waiting for the market and users to test the product after it was released.

Li Mu came to Taobao and went through the online process with Liu Xiaodong and Fang Xudong in Liu Xiaodong's office.

Liu Xiaodong said, "The preparation work on my side is almost done, and now there's only one thing left, which is to pre-release the sellers' stores that we've talked about before, and pre-release their products. When the website is officially released on June 6th at 8 pm, their stores and products will also be released at the same time."

Li Mu nodded. The idea of pre-release was thought of by Liu Xiaodong, and Li Mu agreed with it very much. No matter what kind of service the Internet was, the most important thing was the content. If there was not enough content, not good enough, and not good enough, it would be difficult for users to stay. In the era of the Web, the retention and conversion of a website was one of the most critical data. The promotion work was to find traffic everywhere and bring users in. However, how many users could stay and become loyal users depended on the content of the website.

If a portal did not have a large amount of high-quality content, it would be useless no matter how much traffic it had. It was the same for music websites and websites. It was the same for video websites and vertical websites in the future. E-commerce websites could not escape this rule. The reason why Taobao was so strong was not only because Ali's product development was good, and it was not only because of the support of Alipay, the payment channel. Most importantly, it gathered sellers and products from all over the country and even the world. Users had a fixed mindset. No matter what they wanted to buy, they would definitely be able to find it on Taobao.

What Liu Xiaodong was doing now was to find enough content for the upcoming launch of Taobao in advance. Those sellers were basically attracted by his team from eBay's sellers. Not only did they promise that they would not receive commissions for life, but they also promised to give a certain amount of resources to the first seller to enter. For these sellers, all they had to do was to open a store on Taobao and upload some products. Why not?

Liu Xiaodong was even more meticulous. He had already obtained all the information of these sellers' stores and products. He had also arranged for a dedicated team to help them set up stores and upload products in advance. He also followed Li Mu's suggestion and formed a small team of artists and copywriters to optimize the product details of these stores. The purpose of this was to make the product introduction more attractive to users, and also to keep the product secret. Online sellers could not be controlled. Before the launch of the website, they could not be allowed to get in touch with the website's backend in advance.

After the team helped these store owners to make all the necessary preparations, once the website was launched, their dazzling array of products would immediately be presented to the users. At the same time, they would officially get the backend authority and start doing business on Taobao in advance. It was equivalent to giving Taobao enough content from the moment it was launched.