Chapter 105

Li Mu drove the GL8 to the entrance of Xiao Hao's neighborhood on time. Xiao Hao, who was wearing children's trousers and a shirt and carrying a backpack, had been standing at the door for twenty minutes.

Seeing Li Mu coming out of a strange-looking car, Xiao Hao waved his hand in surprise. He ran to him with his backpack and said, "Brother, what is this car?

It looks different from a car. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's a little more advanced than a normal car."

He opened the back door and said to Xiao Hao, "You and your classmate will sit in these two seats."

"Wow!"

It was the first time that Xiao Hao had seen a GL8 with independent seats in the middle row. At first glance, he felt that it was particularly high-end and much more powerful than a normal car.

Xiao Hao took off his backpack and got in. He sat in the soft business seat and said excitedly, "Brother, this seat is so comfortable!"

Li Mu sat in the driver's seat and asked him, "Where does your classmate live?"

"She lives in the Weather Bureau neighborhood. Do you know the way?"

"I know." Li Mu smiled and started the car to go to the Weather Bureau neighborhood.

Li Mu had been very close to Xiao Hao since his previous life. His father's relatives lived far away and did not have much contact with him. His mother's family was the only one that Li Mu got along well with. It was just that he was a poor student before graduating from college in his previous life and a poor loser after graduation, so he did not really spoil his brother. Moreover, Xiao Hao went to the army after graduating from high school. When he transferred, he had already become a man. In Li Mu's memory, he missed his entire adolescence, so he hoped to love him more in this life.

Before arriving at the entrance of the Weather Bureau neighborhood, Li Mu saw a little girl with two ponytails and a Mickey suit on the opposite side of the road. Although she looked only eleven or twelve years old, he could see that she was an absolute beauty. She should be the Nana that Xiao Hao mentioned.

Sure enough, Xiao Hao also saw the girl. He pointed at her excitedly and said, "Brother, that's her!"

Li Mu drove forward a little, then turned around and stopped in front of the girl. The girl saw Xiao Hao through the rear window and waved happily at Xiao Hao. Xiao Hao also hurriedly climbed to the seat near the door and tried to open the door.

Li Mu hurriedly got out of the car and opened the door. He said to the little girl, "Nana, right?

I'm Xiao Hao's cousin, get in the car. "

Nana was a little embarrassed, but Xiao Hao kept raising his eyebrows and waving at her, so she got off the car with a red face.

Xiao Hao patted the seat on his right and said to NaNa with a proud face, "NaNa, sit here. This seat is very soft and very comfortable!"

Nana nodded shyly and sat down next to Xiao Hao. Xiao Hao didn't have the shyness that a boy his age should have when facing a beautiful girl. Instead, he frivolously put his arm on the armrest of Nana's chair. His face was only a few centimeters away from the little girl as he giggled and said, "Nana, today my cousin said he's taking us to Jinling to play for a day. Tell me what you want to play and eat."

Nana blushed and whispered, "I'm fine with anything. Anything is fine."

Xiao Hao nodded and magically took out a colorful lollipop from his pocket and handed it to Nana. "Here, I bought it especially for you."

"I don't want it … My mom doesn't let me eat candy. It's bad for my teeth …"

Xiao Hao waved his hand. "Don't listen to her. It's okay to eat a lollipop occasionally. Besides, I went to several stores to buy this. It's different from ordinary lollipops. I'll be angry if you don't eat it."

Nana's expression was conflicted. She looked up and saw Xiao Hao's aggressive eyes. In the end, she reached out and took the lollipop. "Okay …"

Li Mu occasionally saw Xiao Hao flirting with girls through the car's rearview mirror. He felt a burst of shame. Xiao Hao was only in sixth grade, but his flirting skills were already at the point of perfection. What was he doing in sixth grade?

The more Li Mu looked at his younger brother, the more he felt that his younger brother's future was bound to be "boundless." In his eyes, Xiao Hao was still young, so it was okay for him to have puppy love. This kid's true rebellious phase would be after the age of 15. Right now, he was still young, so even if he had puppy love, it would definitely be within the safety line. As his cousin, the only thing he could do was to give him a few more good memories.

There were still six years until Xiao Hao graduated from high school. As long as he accumulated enough strength in these six years, he would definitely make a move to change the trajectory of Xiao Hao's life. It was okay if he didn't study hard. This kid was very clever, and he could completely guide and train him to do other things.

Although being a soldier was not a bad thing for Xiao Hao, it was like going to an ordinary university. If Xiao Hao's future was not interfered with, it would be difficult for him to escape the word "ordinary". Li Mu felt that whether it was himself or his family, including Xiao Hao, the young boy's future life could not be too ordinary. This was the responsibility he gave himself from the bottom of his heart.

Li Mu concentrated on driving and drove the two children straight to Happy Valley, which had just opened in Jinling. Happy Valley was now known as the top brand of amusement parks in the country. Most of the children in the mainland did not know about Disneyland or Ocean Amusement Park. Happy Valley was their only dream.

After more than two hours of driving, Li Mu drove the car to Happy Valley Amusement Park on the outskirts of Jinling at 11 o 'clock.

Li Mu parked the car in the parking lot in front of the door, then got out and opened the door. He said to the two children, "We're here. Get out!"

Xiao Hao had been chatting with Nana and did not pay attention to where the car was. When he heard Li Mu's words, he turned his head and looked out of the window. The gate of Happy Valley was in front of him. He suddenly became excited and said to Nana, "Nana, get out of the car. We're here!"

Nana did not seem to know that they were coming to Happy Valley. She was still in a daze when she heard these three words. Unexpectedly, Xiao Hao took her hand and pointed to the gate of Happy Valley outside the window and said, "Look, is it Happy Valley? Are you surprised?"

Nana looked in the direction of Xiao Hao's finger and saw the gate of Happy Valley. Her face was full of surprise and excitement. She did not even notice that her hand was being held by Xiao Hao. Xiao Hao did not intend to let go of Nana's hand. When he urged Nana to get out of the car first, he was still holding Nana's hand. After getting out of the car behind Nana, Xiao Hao immediately took her and ran to the gate.

Li Mu had to quickly close the door and lock the car. He chased after them and said, "Don't run around, you two. I have to make an agreement with you. From now on, you two have to listen to me and can't leave my sight. Otherwise, we'll go back to Haizhou immediately. Do you understand?"

Xiao Hao hurriedly said, "Oh, I know. Go and buy the tickets, brother!"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. He took the two children to the ticket office and bought three tickets. Seeing the Kodak camera that was sold along with the film at the door, Li Mu bought a set and some film and batteries separately. Today, he was going to take the two children to have fun, so he simply did a good job of service. In a place like Happy Valley, the children's greatest interest should be taking photos in addition to playing and eating.

After buying the tickets, Li Mu was not in a hurry to take the two children in. Instead, he first took photos of the two children at the gate of Happy Valley. Li Mu was very thoughtful. He took a group photo of the two children first, and then took a separate photo of each of them.

Because the two children were excited, the smiles on their faces were really like flowers, and they were very photogenic.

After entering Happy Valley, the two children began to scream excitedly at all kinds of amusement facilities. Li Mu took a map of the amusement facilities. Li Mu did not allow the two of them to play the attractions that the two children wanted to play, except for those that were too exciting. Li Mu accompanied all the other attractions and did a good job of taking photos.

The two children showed extraordinary physical strength in Happy Valley. Except for a meal at McDonald's in the middle, they spent the rest of the time playing. By five o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu felt that his legs were weak, but Xiao Hao and Nana still maintained a very high level of energy. In order not to let the two children go home too late, Li Mu told them to go back on time at six o' clock. In the remaining hour, they could play whatever they wanted to play.

So Li Mu accompanied the two children on the pirate ship for the third time.

…

At this moment, Su Yingxue had packed all the luggage. Her mother, Fang Min, was cooking. Su Weimin and his daughter were sitting on the sofa, telling her what she needed to pay attention to when she arrived in Yanjing, but there was one sentence that he had been holding back in his throat.

"Xiaoxue …" After hesitating and struggling for an afternoon, Su Weimin spoke in a very unnatural tone.

"What's wrong, Dad?"

Su Yingxue had been a little nervous since she came home last night. She didn't know how her father would misunderstand if he saw her and Li Mu together. Moreover, she also learned from Li Mu yesterday that her father had seen him long ago, and he even drove to intercept him once. In other words, her father had seen her with him twice.

"This …" Su Weimin hesitated again and again, but he still asked, "The kid yesterday, is he your classmate?"

Su Yingxue nodded, "Yes."

"He was also admitted to Renmin University?"

"Yes."

"Ai …" Su Weimin sighed. This was the answer he didn't want to hear the most. The two of them dared to date privately under his eyes. If they were out of his sight in the future, what would happen?

Besides, although the kid looked quite pleasing to the eye, and he didn't look like an evil person, he felt that he was full of evilness.

This evilness didn't mean that he was bad, but with the keen senses of an old policeman, he felt that Li Mu's identity was a bit strange. A high school graduate who didn't even get a driver's license actually drove Song Liang's car to wander around. After getting a driver's license, he got a brand-new GL8. In his opinion, this kind of thing was not something a person of his age should do. What's more, he didn't have a good impression of a real estate developer like Song Liang.

Moreover, Su Weimin also did a little investigation. Li Mu's identity and household registration files could be found on his computer. His parents were ordinary workers, and his family composition was simple and ordinary. How could an 18-year-old boy from such a family have a relationship with Song Liang, a top big shot in Haizhou?

This was not the strangest thing. What was even more strange was that he heard an incredible case. It was said that in order to stand up for a middle school student, Song Liang took Zhang Wanjun to deal with an unknown gangster, and that middle school student was Li Mu.