Chapter 648

Li Mu's actions and words made the policemen dumbfounded, and his four bodyguards subconsciously wanted to intervene. At this time, Huang Jinxiao waved his hand to stop the four bodyguards temporarily. It was not that he didn't want to argue with Li Mu, but he didn't want the bodyguards to make a move on Li Mu here.

However, Li Mu's "old bastard" had completely exhausted Huang Jinxiao's last bit of patience. After acting for a long time, he was already at the end of his patience.

At this moment, Huang Jinxiao's whole person showed ferocity. He stared at Li Mu with his eyes full of viciousness and said, "Young man, you have to be responsible for your own words. Don't think that you can do whatever you want in the Public Security Bureau. If you go against me, I have ten thousand ways to make your life worse than death, including your girlfriend and even your family!

Since it's your first offense, I'll give you a chance to turn over a new leaf. If you and your girlfriend know what's good for you, I won't argue with you. Otherwise … "

Huang Jinxiao didn't put Li Mu in his eyes at all, but he knew that Li Mu's girlfriend, the injured girl just now, had experienced the whole case and was also the most direct witness, so he didn't care that there were a few stunned policemen around him. He threatened Li Mu in front of everyone to make him be sensible. It didn't matter if he realized that the real driver was someone else, but he must keep his mouth shut. As for these policemen, it was too easy to deal with them. When they investigated this case, they would definitely find that the real driver was someone else. But it didn't matter, he had already arranged everything. Someone would come to suppress them and make them do what he wanted.

However, Huang Jinxiao didn't expect that at this moment, Li Mu not only didn't buy it, but also completely exploded. Since then, even in the thirty years of his previous life, Li Mu had never personally experienced such a dirty thing. He had never been so angry in his two lives. Now, he had decided to take it seriously with this Huang Jinxiao.

Before Huang Jinxiao finished his threat, Li Mu suddenly shouted, "F * ck you!"

After that, he used all his strength and punched directly on Huang Jinxiao's nose. This punch was full of strength, and Li Mu could even feel the sound of his nose breaking under his fist. Then, Huang Jinxiao screamed like a pig being slaughtered, and blood almost spurted out of his two nostrils. It was a horrible sight.

The four bodyguards were shocked and angry, and almost immediately attacked Li Mu at the same time. it was impossible for Li Mu to deal with these four professionally trained bodyguards. He had already thrown caution to the wind at the moment. Today, even if he was beaten half to death by these four bodyguards, he would first vent his anger!

It was not only for himself, not only for Su Yingxue, but also for Cai Zhizhi, who was in the prime of his life at the age of 20.

After venting his anger, he had to continue to fight with Huang Jinxiao to the end. This matter was like an unfair and unequal bet. If he didn't jump in, Huang Jinxiao would have no opponent on the gambling platform. Cai Zhizhi's family situation was ordinary. Although Su Yingxue's father was the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, he was not powerful enough in Yan Jing. They couldn't be Huang Jinxiao's opponent. If this bet was forced, the two families would probably lose.

Therefore, Li Mu had no choice, and he didn't want to have any choice. He had to jump in and ask himself, he might be the only opponent who could be evenly matched with Huang Jinxiao in this bet, so he was duty-bound.

The moment Li Mu made his move, he had already made up his mind to make a big bet with Huang Jinxiao. At worst, he would bet all his wealth on this bet. "Aren't you awesome?"

Don't you think that no one can afford to offend you?

Fine, today I came with the guts!

I'll let you see how a man with guts can break the bridge of an old dog's nose!

Huang Jinxiao was very famous and rich, but it didn't mean that he would be afraid of him.

Huang Jinxiao's network might be much stronger than his, but it didn't mean that he could cover the sky with one hand.

Li Mu's blood rushed to the top, and there was only one thought in his mind: fight to the end!

Fight to the end!

Better a broken jade than a intact tile!

In this split second, the four bodyguards rushed up and immediately attacked Li Mu. Su Yingxue just ran out and saw this scene while gasping for breath. She was so scared that she screamed. Originally, her whole body was weak as if she had low blood pressure and blood sugar, but at this moment, she dashed towards Li Mu like crazy.

Seeing the four people attacking him at the same time, Li Mu gritted his teeth and only had one thought. As long as they came forward, as long as he could catch one of them, he would definitely use any method he could use to fight back. If his punches and kicks weren't ruthless enough, if his fingers could move, he would poke out his eyes, if his mouth could move, he would bite off his ears.

The policemen around him didn't know what to do. Li Mu, this brat, courted death and hit Huang Jinxiao. Now that his bodyguards wanted to make a move, Li Mu definitely wouldn't have a good ending. As a policeman, if they stopped them, wouldn't that be offending Huang Jinxiao to death?

If they didn't stop them, what if there was a serious injury? This was the courtyard of the Public Security Bureau!

If something big happened, what would they do?

While the policemen were hesitating, the four people had already made their move. These four people's kicks were loud, and their fists were like the wind. Each of them had extraordinary strength. Just when Li Mu had decided to fight to the death, a few black shadows suddenly flashed out from behind a few cars. One of the black shadows flew up and kicked the person closest to Li Mu away. His whole body was like a parabola, and when he fell, he used his elbow to lock another person's neck. Using the force of his fall, he suddenly threw that person to the ground!

The other two black shadows also entangled the other two bodyguards of Huang Jinxiao in an instant. One of them hit the side of the head of one of the bodyguards with a heavy punch, causing the 1.85-meter tall bodyguard to lose consciousness in an instant and fall to the ground. The other bodyguard was kicked in the waist, and his whole body was kicked away.

In an instant, the four people who were aggressive and wanted to make a move on Li Mu all fell to the ground. Only then did Li Mu see the three black shadows that rushed out. One was Wang Yuanlang, one was Wu Xuewen, and the other was Zhou Zhan. They were the three-man tactical team that came out to be Li Mu's personal bodyguards!

These three people had been quietly following Li Mu from Makino Technology to Shuitan Hospital, and then from Shuitan Hospital to here. Their cars couldn't get in, so the three of them parked their cars outside and sneaked in. They had been hiding among the cars in the parking lot. When they saw that Li Mu was attacked, they instantly came out.

Only then did Li Mu realize that he had bodyguards!

And they were all f * cking special forces of the Sword God Brigade!

The policemen had long been scared silly. They had been in the police system for so long, but they had never seen such amazing skills. These three people who came out of nowhere were really powerful. Four tall and strong bodyguards were actually defeated by these three people in an instant. Of the four bodyguards, two had fainted, and the other two were kicked away. Before they could get up, two of the bodyguards stepped on their necks, and they couldn't move like dead dogs.

Huang Jinxiao's face was covered in blood, and his entire chest was soaked in blood. Just when he thought that his four bodyguards would help him vent his anger and beat Li Mu half to death, his four bodyguards were knocked down.

Before he could react, Li Mu reacted first. Punching the old bastard just now was not enough to vent his hatred. Now that his bodyguard was lying on the ground, Li Mu immediately rushed up and kicked Huang Jinxiao to the ground. Then he jumped up and kicked him, cursing, "Old bastard, you're threatening me, aren't you?

Are you threatening me?

Today, I'll say it here. No matter what kind of background you have, I'll play with you to the end today!

Tell me, where is the driver?

Don't just f * cking shout!

Talk! "

Huang Jinxiao wailed on the ground like a pig that had been slaughtered. The driver of the Rolls-Royce subconsciously wanted to come forward to save him, but before he could touch Li Mu's clothes, he was grabbed by Wang Yuanlang, grabbed his head, and slammed it into the front cover of the Rolls-Royce. The driver directly fainted.

Lawyer Wu screamed in fear. He pointed at Li Mu and shouted at the policemen, "Stop him!

They are committing murder in public!

Hurry up and arrest them! "

The policemen didn't dare to move. The fighting power of these three people was simply overwhelming. They didn't have guns, so they would be killed in one move if they went up.

Li Mu raised his eyes and stared fiercely at the lawyer surnamed Wu. Suddenly, he rushed up and grabbed his collar. He raised his hand and slapped him fiercely in the face. He said hatefully, "I f * cking hate scum like you who know the law but don't obey it. You f * cking want to play with the law!"

After a dozen slaps in a row, his entire face swelled up like a pig's head. His glasses had already been f * cking blown away. His glasses were filled with tears, and he whimpered for mercy.

At this time, more than a dozen policemen rushed out of the sub-bureau building. Five of them were armed and surrounded Li Mu and the others. One of them pointed a gun at Li Mu. "Stop, or we'll shoot!"

Li Mu's chest heaved violently, but he didn't completely lose his mind. Seeing the policemen coming out with guns, he immediately stopped.

At this time, the policeman surnamed Song came to his senses and also had confidence. He pointed angrily at Li Mu, Wang Yuanlang, and the other two. "Handcuff them all!"

Li Mu took the initiative to put his hands together in front of him. Su Yingxue didn't know when she had arrived in front of him. She didn't say anything, but just grabbed his arm tightly.

Li Mu said to her, "You go first. Don't come with me."

Su Yingxue stared at Li Mu with red eyes and shook her head repeatedly.

Li Mu took out the car key and put it in her hand. He said, "They can arrest me, but they have no reason to arrest you. You should leave now to avoid any more accidents."

At this time, two policemen came forward and handcuffed Li Mu's hands. They dragged him into the building. Su Yingxue tried hard to control her tears. She looked at Li Mu and asked him, "Tell me, what should I do now …"

Li Mu turned his head and said, "Call Zhao Kang and ask him to find Song Liang. Tell him that I said it!"

Now, the first person Li Mu thought of was Chen Ze. With such a big thing, he needed someone who could handle it and intimidate Huang Jinxiao's background. He didn't ask Chen Ze to help him too much. He didn't need him to directly participate in this gamble. As long as he could balance the other party's background, it would be enough for him and Huang Jinxiao to fight with their own strength in this gamble, and no one would ask for help.

Although Huang Jinxiao was a very powerful real estate developer, Li Mu was not afraid of him. At present, the real estate industry had not entered the period of rapid development. The top five real estate companies now were completely different from the top five real estate companies ten years later. He might not be richer than Huang Jinxiao, but if he really wanted to go all out, he was not afraid of him!