Chapter 292

Hundreds of thousands of Happy Farm users had the same mentality as Li Zong.

Seeing the vegetables that they had painstakingly planted being stolen by others, everyone would feel a trace of displeasure in their hearts. With their crops stolen, they would be able to harvest fewer crops. Correspondingly, their experience and gold coins would also decrease. Moreover, it would take time for the next batch of crops to ripen. In this way, the displeasure in their hearts increased by one point.

Those who successfully stole vegetables and could protect their crops naturally leveled up much faster than others. Not only did they get a lot of experience from their own harvests, but they also got extra experience and gold coins from stealing vegetables. This way, they could level up faster and get a higher ranking on the friend leaderboard.

Li Zong had been stolen by Tan Yaocheng once, so he subconsciously reminded himself that he had to get back at him. He grabbed a blank A4 paper from the desk and wrote a simple line of words on it, recording the time when Tan Yaocheng's crops would ripen. After that, he went to the farms of other friends. Occasionally, he found a friend that needed watering, weeding, or insect repelling. He would help them out, and he would get extra experience as a reward. Sometimes, he would even get a random item as a reward, such as a pack of ordinary fertilizer.

However, Li Zong found that it was easy to help others, but it was not so easy to steal vegetables. This was because everyone had just started playing the game and was in the most immersive stage. They were basically counting the time to steal vegetables, but when the time came, before they could even react, the farm owner would have already collected all the vegetables. This made Li Zong quite depressed.

At that moment, Tan Yaocheng was very happy. He had more than 20 friends on the forum, and almost all of them had opened Happy Farm and were trying it out. He repeatedly wandered back and forth between the farms of more than 20 people. When he saw someone he could help, he would help immediately, and when he saw someone he could steal, he would take action immediately. His experience rose rapidly, and he actually ranked first on the list. His childish vanity made him very happy, and he even worked harder to keep his first position. During this period, he specially went to see Li Zong's farm. Apart from a handful of grass in his field, he unexpectedly found a pack of ordinary fertilizer.

A pack of ordinary fertilizer could reduce the time taken by ten minutes. This was very rare, but one pack was really too little. Including the two packs given by the system, there were only three packs in total. However, he had six plots of land, which was not enough. If he only used it on one plot of land, the harvesting time of the six plots would not be synchronized, which would be more troublesome to operate.

Tan Yaocheng still hoped that the six plots of land could be harvested and sown at the same time. That way, he only needed to remember one time point.

More than ten minutes later, Tan Yaocheng's own plot was less than a minute away from ripening. During this time, he did not dare to steal vegetables from other people's farms or help them. Instead, he waited on his own farm, ready to harvest the vegetables as soon as possible to prevent them from being stolen.

At the same time, there were several people watching Tan Yaocheng's plot. As the saying goes, a tall tree attracts the wind. The number one on his WeChat Moments had basically become the first choice to steal vegetables. Therefore, several people had already recorded the ripening time of his potatoes, preparing to steal a wave of high-end crops for themselves.

Seeing that there were less than ten seconds left, Tan Yaocheng had already placed the mouse on the first plot of land and was waiting. Based on his experience of stealing vegetables from the farm owner, there was only one way to win, and that was to be fast!

Sometimes, when he saw that the other party's crops had just ripened, he would immediately start harvesting, but he did not expect the crops to wither in an instant. This meant that the farm owner was faster than him. As long as he harvested the crops as soon as possible, he could avoid the covetous eyes of his friends who came to steal his vegetables.

When the time came, the six plots of land ripened in an instant. Tan Yaocheng's hand speed was amazing. As soon as the first plot ripened, he started harvesting. After the first plot was harvested, the sixth plot was not ripe yet. Because he sowed the seeds one after the other, he could grasp this rhythm and harvest them one by one, so the other party could not keep up.

Li Zong saw that the first plot had ripened and hurriedly went to harvest it. He did not expect the crops on the first plot to wither in an instant. Immediately after, the second plot also ripened, but before he could harvest it, it withered again. Annoyed, he hurriedly went to harvest the third plot, but he did not expect the third and fourth plots to wither as well. Depressed, he wanted to steal the remaining two plots, but the remaining two also withered quickly.

Tan Yaocheng's hand speed was astonishingly fast. Not only did Manager Li miss his target, but the other netizens who were watching in the dark also missed their target. Tan Yaocheng was grinning happily in front of the computer at this moment. Six plots of land, 60 units of potatoes were harvested by him without a single loss. Moreover, when he harvested, he accidentally obtained a bag of ordinary fertilizer.

Li Zong was so angry in front of the computer that he wanted to vomit blood. This Tan Yaocheng was too cunning, wasn't he?

His speed was so fast, would it kill him to steal it?

At the same time, Teng Xun's Boss Ma was also playing this game. Initially, he had the mentality of looking at Tieba and trying out this game. He did not expect to find out that the other party had actually brought out another godly product. The personal space was not bad, but it was not godly. However, this Happy Farm was too awesome. It was really addictive. It looked very simple, but the logic behind it was very meticulous and clear. It was equivalent to digging a ladder and slowly leading the users into the pit, making the users unable to stop even if they wanted to.

After playing for an hour, Boss Ma sadly realized that Q Bar might never be able to surpass Tieba. Other things aside, just the product awareness of the Tieba team alone was not something that the people under him could compare to. Now that the other party had brought out such a destructive game, how could Q Bar hope to counterattack?

Once he thought of Q Bar, Boss Ma had a headache. Now, the Q Bar's server could handle tens of millions of people browsing, but there were only a few tens of thousands of users logging in every day. It was like a family of three people buying a train to travel. It was simply a big joke in the industry.

While he was vexed, he casually switched through his friends list. Suddenly, he realized that one of his friends' vegetable fields had just ripened. Boss Ma hurriedly went forward and randomly clicked on it. After stealing a bunch of crops, he, who was satisfied, began to worry about Q Bar again.

On the other side, Li Zong's own crops were about to be harvested. Like Tan Yaocheng, he was ready to harvest a minute in advance. However, Tan Yaocheng was more experienced than him. He made use of the time difference of about half a second. From the last half a second before the crops ripened, he started to quickly click on the mouse. The crops withered the moment the time was up, but he also stole his own share.

This time, Li Zong bought six plots of land. Out of the 60 units of crops, 15 units were stolen by Tan Yaocheng.

A quarter of the harvest was gone.

Li Zong was so angry that his teeth were itching.

You have stolen from me twice, and I have not succeeded in stealing from you once. This is too much!

Looking at Tan Yaocheng's farm, he still needed 12 to 13 minutes to plant the potatoes this time.

Tan Yaocheng was overjoyed. Not only did he succeed in stealing vegetables, but he also got a bag of ordinary fertilizer. Was his luck too good, or was the probability of getting ordinary fertilizer originally very high?

In fact, the high probability of the appearance of ordinary fertilizer was deliberately adjusted by Li Mu's technical staff. Accidentally obtaining a prop could greatly enhance the user's satisfaction, especially this kind of cheating prop that could shorten the time of harvesting. It could even arouse the user's love and pursuit.

Tan Yaocheng, who had already saved five bags of ordinary fertilizer, began to mutter in his heart. His potatoes still needed 12 minutes. If he could get another bag of fertilizer, he could shorten the time of harvesting these six plots of land by 10 minutes. When the remaining time was less than 10 minutes, he would immediately use six bags of fertilizer to accelerate the ripening and harvesting of these six plots of land in advance. It would definitely make those who were staring at the time to steal from him dumbfounded.

Tan Yaocheng, who had a playful mind, began to look for people to add on Tieba as friends. He wanted to add as many friends as possible so that there would be more opportunities to steal vegetables or help. This way, the chances of getting fertilizer would be higher.

Coincidentally, at this moment, there were also many users in Tieba asking to add friends to play Happy Farm. Tan Yaocheng added seven or eight friends and then went to these friends' homes to find opportunities to help. He did not expect his efforts to pay off. He really got a bag of ordinary fertilizer.

In this way, Tan Yaocheng had the same amount of fertilizer as the amount of land.

At this time, Li Zong was not satisfied. Although it was already past one o 'clock, he was not sleepy at all. He only wanted to successfully steal from Tan Yaocheng once no matter what, and take revenge for being stolen twice. Therefore, he recorded the time and waited for Tan Yaocheng to harvest to steal vegetables. Oh no, to steal vegetables!

When the potatoes in Tan Yaocheng's six plots were nine minutes away from ripening, he used six bags of fertilizer to accelerate the ripening of the potatoes. Then, he quickly harvested and replanted another round.

After this round of harvesting, he leveled up again, reaching level seven. He also unlocked a higher level of corn, which needed 25 minutes to ripen.

Tan Yaocheng immediately bought enough seeds and planted a wave of corn. Then, seeing that it was getting late, he wanted to sleep. But after thinking about it carefully, he would harvest the first batch of corn in 25 minutes. If he went to sleep now, wouldn't 60% of it be stolen?

Thinking of this, Tan Yaocheng was not sleepy at all. He immediately decided to wait for another 25 minutes and go to sleep after harvesting the first batch of corn.

Li Zong calculated the time. While the potatoes in Tan Yaocheng's field were not ripe, he looked around for opportunities to steal vegetables and help. Suddenly, he caught a glimpse of the ranking board. Fluttering White Dress was actually already level seven.