Chapter 137

Since a beauty like Zhao Ziqiu was too eye-catching and easily attracted trouble, Li Mu decided to take her to a safer place to eat, such as McDonald's.

There was a McDonald's on the road between Beijing University and the National People's Congress. Li Mu parked the car in front of the McDonald's and walked in with Zhao Ziqiu.

After asking Zhao Ziqiu what she wanted to eat, Li Mu asked her to find a seat first and went to the counter to order. He stood in front of the counter and said hello to the waiter who was preparing the food with his back facing him. The waiter turned around and startled Li Mu.

It was Hu Zhengdao.

Hu Zhengdao saw Li Mu, but his expression didn't change. After a moment of surprise, he smiled and said, "When did Third Brother come back?"

Li Mu thought to himself that Hu Zhengdao had come to work at McDonald's. He smiled and said, "I arrived in the morning. I heard from Old Liu that you were working part-time outside, but I didn't expect it to be here."

Hu Zhengdao glanced at his colleagues and said in a low voice, "It's not bad here. You can come here every night and work for three to four hours. It's 2.60 yuan per hour for students."

In 2001, 2.60 yuan per hour should be the minimum wage standard in Beijing. It seemed that companies like McDonald's usually offered part-time workers the local minimum wage. Sometimes, it was even lower. Moreover, this kind of work was not easy and very tiring.

For a university student like Hu Zhengdao, he could only earn 10 yuan at most after attending classes for a day and working for three to four hours at night.

However, Li Mu couldn't see any dissatisfaction on Hu Zhengdao's face. He even had a satisfied and simple smile on his face when he said this number.

This student from Northern Shaanxi had never thought that he could earn 10 yuan by working for four hours a day in Beijing. This was much higher than the local income. Moreover, he even thought that he could be self-sufficient by working at McDonald's in the future. He didn't need to worry about his family's living expenses anymore.

Li Mu was a little sad, but he was even more determined to get Project 3321 online as soon as possible.

Hu Zhengdao asked Li Mu, "Did you come here by yourself?

What do you want to eat? "

Li Mu said, "I came with Zhao Ziqiu. I just picked her up from the airport."

Hu Zhengdao asked in surprise, "Oh, you two are together?"

Li Mu waved his hand, "No, don't tell your girlfriend. She is shy."

Hu Zhengdao said, "You know that she's thin-skinned. Hurry up and settle this matter."

At this time, the restaurant manager asked Hu Zheng sternly, "Hu Zheng Dao, is this customer your friend?"

Just as Hu Zhengdao was about to explain, Li Mu cut in, "The customer is asking him what's delicious."

Then, he said to Hu Zhengdao in a low voice, "Let me order first, we'll talk about it when we get back."

After ordering, Li Mu asked Hu Zhengdao while waiting for the food, "Does Wang Yanan know about your work?"

"She does."

Hu Zhengdao said calmly, "I mainly want to earn some money to buy a cheap phone so that I can contact her in the future. She texts every day when she's in a relationship, and we can only call her in the dormitory. I feel like we're doing her a disservice."

Li Mu smiled, "I understand."

After eating with Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu sent Zhao Ziqiu back to school. Although Zhao Ziqiu kept implicitly telling Li Mu that she had nothing to do in the dormitory, and implicitly conveyed that she wanted to spend more time with him, Li Mu still found an excuse, saying that he was in a hurry to return the car, and that a fellow villager was looking for him.

Zhao Ziqiu was sent back to Swallow University by Li Mu, feeling a little disappointed. After that, Li Mu didn't bother to return the car, but directly drove back to Yucheng Garden. Project 3321 made him a little impatient.

Yucheng Garden was Li Mu's little world. When he was immersed in it, Li Mu felt that there was only himself, the computer, and the Internet in the world. This feeling made him feel particularly satisfied and relaxed. However, at around 9: 30 pm, the whole city seemed to be in an uproar at this moment.

Li Mu opened the window and found that a lot of people had gathered on the street, beating gongs and drums, and the number of people was increasing. There was even the sound of firecrackers. Looking into the distance, there was also the scene of fireworks soaring into the sky. He was a little surprised. Today was the last day of the holiday. Logically speaking, everyone should be in a low mood, right?

Why were they so excited at this time?

At this time, Li Yawei sent a text message to the three people in the dormitory who had mobile phones, "Everyone, have you watched the TV? The national team has qualified for the World Cup!"

Li Mu suddenly remembered, Oh!

Yes, tonight at the Northeast Wulihe Stadium, the national team of Hua Xia defeated Oman and entered the World Cup finals for the first time.

However, when he thought about it, it was indeed a disappointment. 1.3 billion people were extremely excited to see them enter the World Cup, but they returned with their tails between their legs after taking nine bullets and losing all three games in front of the eyes of the world. It really made the mentality of the Chinese people feel like they were on a complete roller coaster.

At this time in his previous life, Li Mu, who was studying at Jinling University, was also very excited. He paraded and shouted with his classmates in the streets to celebrate the national team's first World Cup. However, in this life, Li Mu really could not get excited. Tonight, among the fans of Hua Xia, Li Mu was probably the only one who did not feel excited.

…

The next day, when class started, Li Mu was a little absent-minded the whole day. His mind was filled with the private tutoring program for 3321 students. At lunchtime, Li Mu happened to meet Dou Xueli, a fellow fellow from Haizhou, in the canteen. They greeted each other and naturally sat together for lunch.

Li Mu was thinking about the private tutoring program, so he asked Dou Xueli, "Xueli, have you ever thought about doing some part-time jobs?"

Dou Xueli blurted out, "Of course I've thought about it. My family only gives me 300 yuan a month. It's not enough. Last night, a few of my roommates had a meal together, and each person spent dozens of yuan. At this rate, it would be good if I could live for half a month with 300 yuan. Yanjing is also expensive, and the internet is two to three yuan per hour."

As he spoke, Dou Xueli asked Li Mu, "You also want to do part-time jobs?"

Li Mu nodded vaguely and asked again, "Have you thought about doing anything?"

Dou Xueli said, "It's too hard to do a part-time job outside of school, and it's a little embarrassing to do a part-time job on campus. So, I want to find out if there are any middle school students near our school who need tutoring. I'm going to write a small advertisement and put it up in the neighborhood."

Li Mu nodded and asked curiously, "Our school also provides part-time jobs?"

Dou Xueli said to Li Mu, "Yes, the Student Council has a program called" Student Aid ". It's started by a vice president. Most of the things are usually handled by Senior Wu Shuai from the Hometown Union. Yesterday, he posted on" One Scoop Pool ", saying that" Student Aid "has a batch of part-time jobs in the school. He also said that interested students can apply to him."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Student Aid is started by the Student Council?

Where did they get the jobs from? "

Dou Xueli smiled and said, "I'm not too sure. Maybe they applied for it from the tutor. For example, the Truth-seeking building needs three assistants to organize documents, information, and send and receive documents. The audio-visual building also needs a few assistants. Also, the library and the reference room also need helpers. These jobs are now managed by Wu Shuai."

As he spoke, Dou Xueli added, "The salary given by the school is very low, and we are all classmates. We see each other all the time, so not many people want to go there. Generally, only poor students will take the initiative to apply. Say, people like us are not considered poor students, but we don't have enough money to spend. It's not worth working in the school, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're right. Let's give the opportunity to poor students."

Although Li Mu wasn't interested in working in the school, what Dou Xueli said also reflected the phenomenon of a large number of university students who had high ambitions but low skills. They wanted to do part-time jobs, but they found it embarrassing inside the school and hard outside the school. In the end, most of them left it unsettled. Overall, there was potential in the part-time job market for university students. It was just that there was no good way to help them activate this potential.

At five o 'clock in the afternoon, after the last class, Li Mu wandered around Zhongguancun and specifically went to the mobile phone store. He found that he was not interested in any mobile phone. There was no color screen phone or camera. As for a smartphone, it was even more impossible. After looking at it for a while, he really did not like the Motorola V998 +. In the end, he spent nearly three thousand yuan and bought a T39MC that had just been launched by Ericsson.

This was the world's first mobile phone with built-in Bluetooth. Although Bluetooth was useless at the moment, although it also supported GPRS and had a built-in WAP browser, and although Li Mu didn't want to use his mobile phone to go online, he was willing to be the spendthrift and bought it.

He just wanted to buy a mobile phone that was better than the 8250. Then, he would have enough reason to let Hu Zhengdao use the 8250, which he had used for less than three months.

On the way back, Li Mu switched his SIM card to the new mobile phone. He called Li Yawei and asked if she was with Hu Zhengdao.

Li Yawei said, "The two of us are going to eat together at a Guilin rice noodle shop at the south gate of Yan University. We just left the dorm. Li Mu, do you want to join us?"

When Li Yawei mentioned the two couples, Li Mu knew that it was him and Han Xiaoxiao, as well as Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan. They often hung out together, so he smiled and said, "I'm not going to be a third wheel. Tell Zhengdao to wait for me in the dorm for a few minutes. I have something to talk to him about."

"Okay."

When he returned to the dorm, there was only Hu Zhengdao, who had cleaned up. Li Mu asked, "Zhengdao, where's the others?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "Yawei was afraid that his wife would be anxious, so he went first. The others went to the cafeteria. Oh right, Yawei said that you were looking for me?"

Li Mu nodded and took out the 8250 with the SIM card removed from his pocket. He handed it to Hu Zhengdao and said, "I got a new phone, and this is idle. You can use it."

Hu Zhengdao looked at the 8250 that Li Mu handed over in surprise and said, "Isn't it still brand new?"

Li Mu took out the new Ericsson T39MC and said, "Isn't it cheap? I got a phone with more functions."

Hu Zhengdao didn't know how good Li Mu's financial situation was, but he was still surprised that he could get a new phone so easily.

Thinking about how he told him last night that he wanted to buy a new phone, and today he got a new phone and gave the old one to him, Hu Zhengdao felt that Li Mu did this for him.

However, as the saying goes, one should not accept a reward without doing anything. Hu Zhengdao didn't have the nerve to take Li Mu's phone directly. He also knew about the 8250. A new one cost more than 1,000, and a second-hand one with good quality would cost 600 to 700, which was enough for his monthly living expenses.

Seeing that Hu Zhengdao refused, Li Mu said, "We're brothers. Why are you being so fat about such a trivial matter? Aren't you idle without this phone?

I'm just lending it to you, not giving it to you. "

Hu Zhengdao was a little embarrassed. A man from the northwest should be straightforward, but he was too embarrassed to nod in this kind of matter.

However, seeing that Li Mu had begun to think that he was too fat, Hu Zhengdao also felt a little embarrassed. He thought about it again and again and said to Li Mu, "Third Brother, why don't you sell this phone to me? It's just that I don't have so much money recently, so I'll pay you back in installments."

Li Mu hit the table and said with a little dissatisfaction, "Is it fun to be so polite between brothers?

This phone is idle now. If you want to use it, take it. You don't need to. I'll give it to Liu Nian later. But Liu Nian doesn't have much use for a phone, unlike you, who has a girlfriend. Nowadays, girls like to talk on the phone with their boyfriends and bombard them with text messages. Can you bear to let your Wang Yanan lie in bed and not receive a text from you? "

Hu Zhengdao's face turned red. Li Mu's words were exactly what he wanted. It was also these words that made him completely give up his previous hesitation. He nodded with gratitude, "Thank you, Li Mu."