Chapter 1484

When Li Mu told Robin that his 10% shares in Muye & could be exchanged for 3.3% of Google's shares, he immediately understood and asked, "Li Zong, Google is going to acquire Muye &?!"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "That's right, they are going to acquire Muye &."

Robin muttered to himself, "10% for 3.3%, 100% acquisition, 33% for 33% … Oh my god!

Li Zong!

You are going to wipe out Google! "

Robin couldn't find a better word to describe this than to exchange a newly registered shell company for 33% of a multi-billion dollar company's shares.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't make it sound so bloody and belligerent. We are going to cooperate with Google strategically. It's a strong alliance. It's good for him and good for me."

Robin sighed and said, "Li Zong, I really don't know what to say. All I can say is congratulations!"

Actually, when Robin heard this news, he was happy and worried at the same time. In fact, he was more worried than happy.

For him, what he was most happy to see was a war between Li Mu and Google. As Li Mu's partner, not only could he get a share of the profits, but more importantly, he could win a precious opportunity for rapid development. Li Mu was a shareholder of Baidu, and he promised not to do Chinese search. This eliminated the possibility of Li Mu becoming his enemy. If the other enemy, Google, happened to be restrained by Li Mu, then Baidu would have a chance to breathe.

Now that Li Mu and Google had made peace, Google would no longer be restrained, and Baidu would definitely be under more pressure.

As for the happy part, it was the investment income. When he established Muye & with Li Mu, he didn't spend any money. Now, he got 3.3% of Google's shares and became one of Google's shareholders.

Although Robin was more inclined to see Li Mu and Google fight to the death, there was still a consolation prize. The 3.3% of Google's shares was worth hundreds of millions of dollars. If Li Mu helped Google in non-Chinese search, Google would be valued at more than 10 billion dollars. If Google went public, the 3.3% of Google's shares would be worth more than 500 million dollars.

So, this consolation prize was indeed very comforting.

Robin suddenly thought of a question and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, when Muye & was established, I signed a conditional technology transfer agreement with Makino Technology on behalf of Baidu. According to the agreement, as long as Muye & doesn't use those technologies for Chinese searches, Muye & is free to use those technologies. In this case, once Google acquires Muye &, does that mean that Google has the right to use Baidu's patents?"

Li Mu asked him, "Do you think this will affect Baidu?"

Robin thought for a while and said, "I think even if it doesn't have a big impact, it will have a certain impact."

Both companies were search engine companies, and to a large extent, it was a competition of product strength and technical strength. In essence, Google's technical strength was much stronger than Baidu's. Even if Google got Baidu's current technology patents, this kind of low-level technology might not be of any benefit to Google. But Robin was still somewhat worried.

Li Mu could roughly guess what he was worried about. It was just like how people didn't like their secrets being spied on by others. Even if it was harmless, it would still make people nervous and feel like they were sitting on pins and needles.

So, Li Mu comforted him, "Don't worry, what Google wants is not Baidu's technology. Before signing the framework agreement with them, I will make it clear to them that I will cancel my technical cooperation with Baidu and give up control of Baidu's technology patents. After Google acquires Baidu's technology, Muye &'s assets will not include Baidu's technology patents, but I will still keep your 10%."

Robin breathed a sigh of relief and said, "That's a relief …"

Speaking of this, Robin couldn't help but ask, "Li Zong, will you support Google's future development in China?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry, Robin. I won't help Google destroy your job just because I took Google's shares. You are already part of my car, and I have the obligation to protect your rights and interests."

Robin was suddenly relieved. Not only was he excited, but he also had a little more gratitude and respect for Li Mu. Although Li Mu was very ruthless to those who stood on the opposite side of him, Li Mu really took good care of those who stood on his side. He had the spirit and demeanor of a martial arts master in a martial arts novel.

Robin said excitedly, "Li Zong, thank you so much!

Whether it's this cooperation or your promise, it means a lot to me and Baidu! "

At this point, Robin no longer had any scruples. For him, he was just an assistant to Li Mu, and he got 3.3% of Google's shares as a bonus. Because he had long been in Li Mu's camp, Li Mu would not sacrifice him for greater interests in the future.

In less than a month, he got 3.3% of Google's shares. This was the fastest and most profitable time since he started his business.

No wonder everyone wanted to ride on Li Mu's car. It turned out that it was so easy to make money by riding on his car …

…

Back in the yard of the mushroom house, Mr. He and Peng Yuyan were washing the cicadas they had just caught in the pressurized well. Li Mu joined them directly. The three of them washed a lot of cicadas together and put them all in an aluminum basin.

Huang Lei prepared scallions, ginger, garlic, cooking wine, pepper seasoning, and salt, and pickled the cleaned cicadas. Since these little creatures were still alive, Huang Lei asked Peng Yuyan to bring a huge rolling board and cover the aluminum basin.

"Marinate them for about ten to twenty minutes, and they'll be ready to be fried. I'll light the fire first."

Huang Lei said, then returned to the stove and lit the fire with dry wheat straw and corn straw. After the fire started, he added some small pieces of chopped firewood.

Peng Yuyan hurried forward to help Huang Lei pull the bellows. It was said that this antique object was specially bought by the crew from a fellow villager.

While the two were busy lighting the fire, Larry Page came.

Originally, Larry Page thought that Li Mu had invited him over for a midnight snack, but when he came in, he found that there were many people in the yard. In addition to Li Mu and his three friends, there were six or seven cameras, more than a dozen staff members sitting on small stools next to the cameras, and many lighting and recording staff were busy everywhere.

Larry Page was a little nervous when he saw that they were filming a show in such a big scene. Although he was also a person who had seen the world, he had never participated in such a close-up reality show. If he had known that it would be like this, he would have turned down Li Mu's offer politely.

When Li Mu saw Larry Page, he smiled and waved to him. "Larry, come here. I'll introduce you to some friends."

Seeing this, Larry Page knew that he had no way out, so he braced himself and walked up to Li Mu.

Li Mu clapped his hands and said to them with a smile, "Everyone, let me introduce a friend to you."

When everyone turned their eyes to Larry Page, Li Mu said, "This is my good friend, the founder and CEO of Google in the United States, Larry Page."

As soon as this was said, everyone exclaimed in surprise.

Huang Lei, He Lu, and the others, although they knew about Google, they did not know Larry Page. When they suddenly heard Li Mu introduce his identity, they were indeed very surprised. No one would have thought that this ordinary-looking man, who did not hire anyone, turned out to be the CEO of Google.

But thinking about it carefully, wasn't Li Mu, an internationally famous entrepreneur, also here to film the show?

Although Google was also very famous, compared to Makino Technology, it was still a long way behind. Since Li Mu was here, it was not so surprising that Larry Page was here.

Li Mu introduced He Lu, Huang Lei, and Peng Yuyan to Larry Page respectively. Then, he said to the others, "Larry happened to be looking for me for something, so I invited him over for supper."

When the three of them heard this, they chatted with Larry Page politely. When Peng Yuyan was a teenager, he immigrated to Canada with his family. Not only did he learn fluent English, but his personality was also relatively cheerful like that of the Westerners. In addition, he was a young man who was very interested in new things, so he quickly chatted with Larry Page in English.

Seeing that Peng Yuyan and Larry Page were chatting quite happily, Huang Lei walked up to Li Mu and whispered, "Li Zong, we only have fried cicadas for supper. Isn't it a little shabby?

What if our American friend is not used to it?

Do you want to make something else for him? "

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "Teacher Huang, don't worry. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. Our American friend will be flattered if he is overly enthusiastic."

Huang Lei nodded. Since Li Mu had said so, he didn't think much about it. He looked at the time and saw that the cicadas were almost ready. He said to He Lu, "Teacher He, I'll go heat up the oil. Help me bring the basin over."

He Lu got up neatly, clapped his hands, and brought the basin to the stove. He asked Huang Lei, "Is there anything else I can help you with?"

Huang Lei said, "Teacher He, help me get a big colander."

He Lu did not say anything and immediately went to fetch the colander that had been washed and hung.

Huang Lei set up the oil pan and prepared the ingredients for salt and pepper. He shouted at the top of his voice, "The cicadas are in the pan!"

As soon as he said that, Li Mu was already in front of him. Li Mu hadn't seen the scene of frying cicadas for at least 20 years. He didn't want to miss such a memorable scene.

At this time, Peng Yuyan, who had been chatting happily with Larry Page, heard Huang Lei's shout. He hurriedly said to Larry Page in English, "Let's go see Teacher Huang's fried golden cicada."

"Golden cicada?" Larry Page's scalp went numb and he exclaimed, "Can that thing be eaten?"

Peng Yuyan shrugged his shoulders and said with a curious look, "Li Zong said it's delicious. It's crispy and tastes like chicken."

Larry Page couldn't help but ask, "Then why not just eat the chicken?"

"I don't know. Why don't you ask Li Zong …" Peng Yuyan was stumped by Larry Page's question.

At this time, Huang Lei had already used a colander to throw a large pile of washed and marinated cicadas into the oil pan. The sound of sizzling could be heard immediately. Each cicada was surrounded by fine bubbles and soon began to emit a strong aroma, which greatly increased one's appetite.

Huang Lei exclaimed, "This thing smells really good when it's fried!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Not only does it smell good, but it also tastes good."

No one knew when Peng Yuyan and Larry Page had gotten close to each other. The two of them had been watching the bubbling cicadas in the pot for the whole day, and their expressions were exceptionally grim. Peng Yuyan held his chin and considered whether he should really eat this thing later, while Larry Page secretly swore in his heart that he would never eat this thing even if he died.

Huang Lei handed the colander to He Lu and said, "Teacher He, help me turn it over. I'll fish it out later and fry it on the stove next to me. Sprinkle some salt, pepper, and cumin, then it's ready to be served."

"Okay." He Lu immediately took the colander from Huang Lei's hand and kept slowly turning the oil pan.

Huang Lei quickly heated another pot, then put in some large ingredients. He took the colander from He Lu's hand and scooped out the cicadas that had been fried until they were golden brown from the oil pan. He stir-fried them in another pot for a while. After this stir-frying, the aroma of the cicadas became even stronger. Even Peng Yuyan and Larry Page, who were terrified, could not help but salivate.

After that, Huang Lei sprinkled the prepared salt and pepper ingredients into the pot, along with some cumin powder. Cumin had always played a key role in deep-fried and barbecued foods, so as soon as it entered the pot, it instantly made the smell of the pot even more alluring.

After Huang Lei skillfully tossed the wok a few times, he yelled, "It's out!"

He Lu immediately prepared a few large plates. It was estimated that this large pot of cicadas would take at least four plates to fit.

Huang Lei filled the four large plates with golden cicadas. Li Mu glanced at the staff around him and said with a smile, "I think we should give two plates to our staff. They have been working hard with us for a whole day, and they are the most tired ones."

He Lu nodded and said, "Li Zong is right. The staff has really worked hard today. Not only did they follow us into the water, but they also followed us into the woods. Usually, we have no other activities after dinner at six or seven o 'clock."

Li Mu brought two plates of salt and pepper cicadas to the staff and said to them, "Come, come, come. Everyone, have a taste of Teacher Huang's cooking."

The on-site director originally wanted to decline, but he could not resist Li Mu's insistence. He thanked him and distributed the two plates of cicadas to the surrounding staff.

At this time, Huang Lei had already brought the remaining two plates to the small dining table in the courtyard and invited everyone to taste. Li Mu and Teacher He were the first to sit down at the small dining table. Peng Yuyan and Larry Page were a little hesitant. They looked at each other, and no one had the courage to step forward.

Li Mu said to the two in English, "Our show is going to be broadcast to the national audience. A golden cicada has scared the two of you like this. Maybe you will be laughed at by the national audience after the show is broadcast."

After that, Li Mu said to Larry Page, "Larry, you have to know that you are not representing yourself. You are representing the whole of Google."

After Li Mu said this, the two suddenly came to a realization.

Peng Yuyan had just debuted and was actively trying to enter the Chinese market. Being fortunate to participate in this variety show was extremely important to his future development in China. He definitely did not want his image on television to be a timid boy who did not dare to go near a fried golden cicada after the show was broadcast in the future.

Larry Page had always dreamed of entering the Hua Xia market as soon as possible. After all, the internet in Hua Xia was developing rapidly. This superpower with a population of 1.3 billion was a market that no multinational company was willing to give up. Today, he had accidentally come to the set where Li Mu was filming a reality show. Even Li Mu was participating in a reality show. Without even thinking, he knew that it would attract a lot of attention in Hua Xia. Since he was here, this was a good opportunity to promote Google in Hua Xia before the Chinese New Year. As the CEO, he could not be a coward in promoting Google.

Then, the two exchanged glances and made up their minds. They came to the dining table and sat down together.