Chapter 1225

When Li Mu and Wei Lan arrived in Hollywood together, Paul Keane had already published the article written by his good friend through many media outlets.

Although the article was written by Paul Keane's good friend, it was written by Paul Keane himself. The content was very simple. Paul Keane apologized to Li Mu and the people of the United States, and took all the responsibility on himself. He claimed that his son did not know anything, and everything was just his own confusion.

Paul Keane's information dissemination ability was not even one-tenth of Li Mu's, so after this article was published, it did not reach a large number of users in the first place. However, Paul Keane made a second preparation. He called Elon Musk, the famous broker and king of bullshit in Silicon Valley. The purpose was very simple. He knew that Li Mu had some friendship with him, so he asked Elon Musk to help mediate in front of Li Mu. He did not ask Li Mu to make any concessions. He only asked Li Mu to stop.

Elon Musk's reputation in Silicon Valley was not very good. This was mainly due to his big mouth that could never be controlled. He often talked nonsense in public. Before he really succeeded, no one was willing to take his words seriously.

If it was before this, with Paul Keane's status, he would not take the initiative to ask Elon Musk for help, but now there was no way. Except for Elon Musk, he really did not know who to ask for help. Before this, Paul Keane wanted to ask Spielberg for help, but Spielberg refused him without hesitation.

Spielberg saw the problem very clearly. He was very clear that if he wanted to maintain a close cooperative relationship with Li Mu, he must stand firmly in Li Mu's camp. This kind of thing like speaking for his opponent, he would never do it.

Elon Musk also felt that Paul Keane looking for him on this matter was a bit f * cked up. He was very proficient in the ways of the world. He knew that favors were the most dangerous thing to do. If he spoke for Li Mu's opponent, then Li Mu's attitude towards him would first change. If the matter was not resolved at that time, he would not be able to get any benefits from Paul Keane.

But Elon Musk couldn't refuse.

He was different from Spielberg. The latter was the godfather of Hollywood. He had a great reputation in the United States and even the world. In his social impression, even if he rejected Paul Keane, Paul Keane would not dare to do anything to him. Compared to him, he only relied on PayPal to earn some wealth and a little fame. He did not have a strong foundation in the United States. If Paul Keane targeted him in the future, it would really be a big trouble.

So Elon Musk thought of a compromise. He readily agreed to Paul Keane's request and immediately contacted Li Mu. He took the initiative to go to Hollywood to meet him, but he did not mention to Li Mu that Paul Keane had asked him to mediate.

Li Mu still had a very good impression of this guy, Elon Musk. Although he now looked like an arrogant person who did not do proper work and only knew how to talk every day after he had some achievements, for Li Mu, this guy's future prospects were no less than that of Mark Zuckerberg.

Elon Musk's advanced thinking represented a future that ordinary people could not imagine. Not to mention anything else, just Tesla alone was a company with infinite possibilities. When Tesla was first born, it was a product full of science fiction in the eyes of most people. However, Elon Musk accurately saw the trend of strengthening environmental protection in the world in the future. As more and more countries banned the sale of fuel cars, Tesla's development space was also constantly increasing. In Li Mu's view, if he wanted to become a major shareholder or even owner of Tesla in the future, he could not do without a guy like Elon Musk, who had extreme avant-garde ideas.

When Li Mu arrived in Hollywood, he declined Spielberg's invitation to stay in his home. In advance, he asked Li Ziwei to book four super-luxurious suites on the top floor of a five-star hotel in Hollywood. These four suites were isolated from the other rooms on the same floor, and they had an exclusive elevator, so the privacy and security were very good.

The allocation of the rooms was very simple. Li Mu, Li Ziwei, and Wei Lan each had a suite. The three bodyguards, led by Wang Yuanlang, lived in the remaining suite. As for Wei Lan's suite, it was bound to be empty at night.

After checking into the hotel, the first people to visit were Spielberg and other senior executives of DreamWorks. In addition to them, there were also the three American leads of "Flying Tigers": Tom Hanks, Leonardo, and Anne Hathaway.

Li Mu's time was tight. The press conference for "Flying Tigers" was scheduled to be held in the hotel's grand ballroom tomorrow morning. After the press conference, Li Mu's private plane took off from Los Angeles directly to Hua Xia that night. Because the schedule was so rushed, these people, including Spielberg, rushed to the hotel to meet Li Mu as soon as possible.

In the hotel suite's living room, Li Mu once again met these "old friends" who he had already met at least once. Starting from Spielberg, everyone warmly shook hands with Li Mu and greeted him. When it came to Anne Hathaway, this girl who was about the same age as Li Mu became particularly shy. The gentle hugs actually made her cheeks flush red.

Since the last time when she accidentally got a blood infection in Hua Xia and was quarantined for many days, Anne Hathaway often had some lingering fear when she recalled that experience. However, in addition to the lingering fear, she could not forget Li Mu, who had already planted some kind of tenacious seed in her heart.

During the time when she returned to the United States, Anne Hathaway often thought of Li Mu, and she always unconsciously added some uncontrollable fantasies on the basis of missing him. She always assumed what would happen if he became her boyfriend.

After dreaming of Li Mu countless times and having many indescribable things with him in her dreams, Anne Hathaway knew clearly in her heart that she had fallen in love with that mysterious and charming Asian man.

After missing him for so long, they finally met again, and he hugged her like an old friend. This made Anne Hathaway's girlish heart burst, and she was so shy that she didn't know what to do.

Li Mu did not notice Anne Hathaway's shyness, and Spielberg quickly brought the topic to business. He said, "Mr. Li, all the preparations for the press conference have been completed. To prevent any accidents, we have completed the construction of the venue one day in advance, and we have already informed all the media in advance. With your participation, this press conference will definitely be the grandest and most anticipated press conference for a new movie in Hollywood in recent years!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Steven, with a great director like you, the attention of all of Hollywood will be attracted. Not to mention that Tom, Leonardo, and Annie will be in charge this time. Even without me, this press conference will definitely attract a lot of attention."

Tom Hanks said with a serious face, "Mr. Li, in terms of social attention and influence, I think no one in Hollywood can compare to you. Moreover, YY is now the most commonly used software by netizens in the United States. I believe that our movie will definitely become a phenomenal film."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "I hope everyone can do their best to make this movie better."

Spielberg said, "Our 'Flying Tigers' also has a very big advantage, which is that our movie respects history and has a correct outlook. 'The Last Samurai' had such a big problem before, which caused the film industry to tamper with history, and has become the object of disgust and rejection by people all over the world. At this time, our 'Flying Tigers' can be released, and we can borrow the power of 'The Last Samurai' incident. With 'The Last Samurai' as a negative example, 'Flying Tigers' will become a positive teaching material for the whole of Hollywood, and even the film industry all over the world."

Li Mu nodded in agreement. When he thought of his covert manipulation and the textbook destruction of 'The Last Samurai', Li Mu secretly sighed in his heart at the skill and importance of guiding public opinion.

In his previous life, this movie had been praised by so many people, including Hua Xia, which had a very high rating and status in the hearts of netizens. However, after he had seized the fatal weakness of the movie and attacked it fiercely, this movie immediately became a street rat that everyone hated. This fully showed the great difference between the two sides of an incident. Sometimes, life and death were only a matter of a single thought.

Li Mu asked Spielberg with great interest, "How are the people related to 'The Last Samurai' doing now?"

Spielberg sighed and said, "Basically, everyone related to this movie has suffered heavy losses. Warner Bros. is still being boycotted by the people. Several movies that Warner Bros. was already producing have now changed their distributors temporarily. Warner Bros. has begun to replace their original roles with shell companies and small and medium-sized film and television companies. In the future, these movies will seem to have nothing to do with Warner Bros. on the surface, in order to avoid the audience boycotting it."

Speaking of this, Spielberg added, "But the most miserable are Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise. Many of their original contracts have now been terminated by their investors, and this is because of a major problem with their own reputation. There are clauses related to reputation in Hollywood contracts. If the actors and directors have a problem with their own reputation, the investors have the right to terminate the contract directly. So, both of them have suffered a great loss, especially Tom Cruise. Now almost all the commercials he endorses have stopped broadcasting. Many advertisers are going to sue him for compensation."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows in surprise. "So, in the next two to three years, I'm afraid both of them will fall into the quagmire of a sharp decline in income."

Spielberg nodded and said, "Yes, in two to three years, most of their income should be cut off."