Chapter 1180

The sky was indeed falling!

Never in Meyer's wildest dreams would he have imagined that the matter that he thought he had handled perfectly would have such an unbelievable reversal in the span of half an afternoon!

At the press conference, Warner Bros. had condemned the scumbag who had leaked the script and declared that they would never bow to evil people. They had won the support and praise of the media and the public. But in the blink of an eye, Warner Bros. had completely aroused public anger on the Internet!

After Meyer learned about the situation on the Internet, she was so scared that she didn't know what to do!

She had never thought that the American people would suddenly unite to resist Japanese bushido. As soon as they did, "The Last Samurai," which was a huge production, became the target of public criticism.

"The Last Samurai" was originally a movie that flattered the bushido. It could be said that every word in the script was in the service of bushido, and every cent of the 140 million US dollars budget was also in the service of bushido. Coincidentally, the script had been completely leaked, and Warner Bros. had just admitted the authenticity of the script at the press conference. This was a crime of beautifying the spirit of bushido. How could it not be resisted by the public?

In the face of patriotism and nationalism, almost all the media had betrayed Warner Bros. and stood with the American people. Only a small part of the media controlled by the Japanese conglomerates had not expressed their position yet. That was because they were now working on a crisis public relations plan. But judging from the current situation, the possibility of turning the situation around with crisis public relations was very small.

When Tom Cruise's agent in Hollywood heard the news, he was almost scared out of his wits. The popularity of Hollywood's A-list stars had always been stable. There had never been a case like this where he was suddenly criticized by countless netizens. His career path had been greatly affected.

What worried the agent even more was that an extremely powerful vortex of public opinion had formed on the Internet. This vortex was involving more and more neutral fans and even fans who were partial to their idols. Once these people were involved, they would be quickly assimilated. Ten minutes ago, they were still Tom Cruise's die-hard fans, but ten minutes later, they had already begun to take the initiative to scold Tom Cruise.

The agent realized that if he didn't think of something, he was afraid that when Tom Cruise returned from New Zealand, he would definitely be hated by everyone!

The agent immediately called Tom Cruise in New Zealand.

At the filming site in New Zealand, because the director had returned to the United States to deal with the leak of the script, the entire crew did not start work. However, Tom Cruise was exceptionally dedicated. Even if he did not start work, he did not rest. Instead, he discussed the script with Watanabe Ken and the other Japanese actors. Like these Japanese actors, he hoped to do his best to shoot the movie.

Coincidentally, Tom Cruise and the other actors were discussing the upcoming important scene — the scene where Ken Watanabe died in the charge.

After Tom Cruise read the script in detail, he couldn't help but sigh, "This is the biggest breaking point of the whole drama. Mr. Watanabe's burden is really heavy!

In this scene, the Samurai spirit must be highlighted to the extreme. "

Watanabe Ken smiled and said, "I've been waiting for this scene for a long time. I will definitely do my best not to let everyone down!"

As he spoke, Watanabe Ken looked at Tom Cruise and said seriously, "Tom, in this scene, your role is also very important. You are the first foreigner to wear a Samurai uniform and appear in the movie as a Samurai. Our investors want Samurai to be more accepted by the Westerners, so we mainly need to rely on you to move the Western audience."

Tom Cruise hurriedly nodded and said politely, "Mr. Watanabe, please rest assured. It is my honor to play such a role. I will do my best!"

In terms of status, Tom Cruise's status was far higher than Watanabe Ken's. However, Tom Cruise was very clear that from the perspective of the investors behind this movie, Watanabe Ken was the actor that they valued the most. Because in this movie, the real Samurai spirit would be the deepest interpretation through his performance. Tom Cruise, as the so-called male lead, was actually also serving Watanabe Ken.

In fact, in the plot structure of the movie itself, Watanabe Ken's character was the real supreme one. Not only did he always interpret the so-called Samurai spirit, but he was also filled with all kinds of human halos. He had almost no flaws and had countless loyal followers.

Even a male lead like Tom Cruise had to be convinced by his human brilliance in the movie. He was willing to become his subordinate and do his best for him. What was more interesting was that in this movie, even the Emperor of Japan was his student and respected him greatly. This showed the supreme status of Watanabe Ken's character in this movie.

Tom Cruise was also very clear that Watanabe Ken was the actor that the Japanese conglomerates behind this movie valued the most. He was also the only irreplaceable actor in the whole movie. Therefore, although Tom Cruise was the male lead, he still respected Watanabe Ken very much.

At this time, Watanabe Ken sighed with emotion, "I hope that through this movie, the whole world can better understand the Samurai spirit of Japan. This is the treasure of Japanese culture and the essence of the Yamato nation."

Tom Cruise nodded and said with a smile, "I believe that this movie will definitely spread the great Samurai spirit all over the world."

The best way to win a market was to sing the praises of the people living in this market and their culture. This was what every Hollywood movie star knew. Tom Cruise might not really like Japanese culture and Samurai spirit, but he was very clear that after giving himself such a label, he could better enter the Japanese market, make the Japanese audience chase after him, make the Japanese film and television companies pay for it, and even get familiar with the super Japanese conglomerates.

However, he did not expect that this seemingly smart decision and approach would actually bring him a huge storm!

After receiving a call from his agent, Tom Cruise was in a particularly good mood. He even directly invited his agent over the phone, hoping that he could come to New Zealand to relax for a few days, because the environment here was really great.

His agent almost vomited blood. He said with exasperation, "What time is it now? How can you still be so relaxed? Do you know that you are being scolded on the domestic Internet now?!"

Tom Cruise frowned and said, "Scolding me?

Who?

Why are they scolding me? "

His agent sighed and said, "I can't explain it in a few sentences. In short, it's the trouble caused by your participation in this movie. Is it convenient for you to go online now?

I sent you some links on YY. Take a look at them yourself. "

Tom Cruise glanced at the Japanese actors opposite him and said, "I'm talking to a few Japanese actors about the script. What happened? You can tell me over the phone."

At this time, Tom Cruise had not realized how serious the situation would be. He thought that it was nothing more than a few words from his fans, and it was not a big deal at all.

When his agent heard that he was talking to the Japanese actors about the script, he almost broke down. He said repeatedly, "I'm begging you, Tom, don't get so close to those Japanese people. If you still want to keep your acting career, hurry back to your place, turn on your computer, and log into YY. Take a look at the links I sent you!"

Tom Cruise only then became alert. Although his agent usually liked to joke, he had never used the word "begging". It sounded very unusual.

Therefore, Tom Cruise said to Watanabe Ken and the others, "Everyone, you guys talk first. I'll go back and check something on the computer."

The others did not care too much. After Tom Cruise left, they began to communicate in pure Japanese.

After Tom Cruise returned to his place, the first thing he did was to open his laptop and log into his YY. As soon as he got online, he found that his agent had sent him more than a dozen messages, and each of these messages was a website link.

Tom Cruise clicked on the first link, and when he entered it, he was a little dumbfounded.

"Why are they all a bunch of old photos?"

Tom Cruise, who was very surprised, continued to read on. It did not matter if he did not read it, but all of a sudden, his heart was in his throat!

This was the post that Li Mu had first posted in Tom Cruise's fan community. Now there were more than 10,000 replies. After Tom Cruise finished reading it, he felt uneasy. What was going on?

Who was deliberately going against the black samurai way, or was someone deliberately going against him?

It was just a movie. Was there a need to go to the height of patriotism and nationalism?

Looking at the links at the back, Tom Cruise was stunned!

The posts at the back were all directed at him!

Those with a better tone were questioning why he took on this movie and why he wanted to cleanse the extreme samurai spirit. More people directly used the most vulgar language to scold him. Some said that he was a bastard who only cared about making money, some said that he was a lackey of the Japanese, some said that he would do anything to make money, and some said that he was simply a shameless traitor …

Almost every post that criticized him was fanatically followed by a large number of netizens. Any random post had more than thousands of replies, and more than half of them had more than 10,000 replies. As a result, the entire Internet was full of curses against Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise looked for a long time, but he could not even find a single person to speak up for him, not even a sentence to explain himself. The entire Internet in the United States was full of accusations and curses against him.