Chapter 1150

Yang Peng, who had almost fainted from fear, was directly escorted to the Pengcheng police car. The four Pengcheng police officers thanked and said goodbye to the Hangzhou police while calling their other four colleagues to inform them that the suspect had been arrested and that they should return to Pengcheng immediately.

Since the Ministry of Public Security had asked the local police to cooperate with the investigation based on the household registration, Yang Peng had to be brought back to Pengcheng for the Pengcheng police to investigate and prosecute. If the Hangzhou police decided to prosecute together, the local police would transfer the suspect and the relevant files to the Hangzhou police.

Therefore, the police officers who had just arrived in Hangzhou for less than two hours set foot on the road without stopping.

Yang Peng was in the back of the police car and was held by a police officer on both sides. His hands were handcuffed, and his heart suddenly felt like it had fallen into an ice cellar. When he learned that it was the police from his hometown, he hurriedly cried and asked in his hometown dialect, "Comrade police, fellow countryman, what did I do?"

A police officer in the passenger seat turned around, looked at him and asked, "Don't you know what you've done?"

Yang Peng shook his head repeatedly and cried innocently, "I'm just an online shop owner. I do my job steadily and run my business dutifully. I've never broken the law!"

The police officer laughed and said, "Don't you know what you're selling in your shop?"

Yang Peng shook his head, pretending to be ignorant.

The police officer sneered and said, "Yang Peng, we're all from the same hometown. Being honest is a form of respect for each other. Who can you hide this from?

Your shop has more than ten million in sales. How many of them are real and how many are fake?

I'm afraid there's not a single real one in your ten million. "

Yang Peng's heart skipped a beat and he hurriedly said, "Comrade police, my goods are all given by the supplier. I don't know whether they're real or fake. If they're fake, then I'm also one of the victims. If you want to catch the counterfeiters and the people who sold me fake goods!"

The police officer frowned slightly and said coldly, "Don't worry. None of you can escape. It's useless to quibble with me. When you go to court, you can quibble with the judge."

Yang Peng looked at the police in panic and begged, "Comrade police, please tell me the truth. If I'm sentenced, how many years will I be sentenced to?"

The police officer said indifferently, "The amount involved in this case is more than ten million. If the final verdict is this much, I think you'll be sentenced to at least fifteen years."

Speaking up to this point, the policeman added, "At least, but I think Wuji's chances are high. When the time comes, your illegal gains will also be confiscated. How old are you this year?

Twenty-six years old?

Not married yet, right?

By the time you're released, you'll be at least forty years old. "

As soon as Yang Peng heard this, he felt as if all his strength had been sucked out. Tears streamed down his cheeks. He never dreamed that he would become a prisoner right after his beautiful life had just begun. The words "life imprisonment" made him feel hopeless. He regretted what he had done before. However, it was useless to regret now. The law would not give him any chance to regret.

Yang Peng's tears didn't stop during the 600-kilometer journey …

With Yang Peng's arrest, it officially opened the prelude to the case of Le Tao's fake sellers. Police everywhere quickly took action and arrested the suspects in their respective jurisdictions. Within a day, Le Tao's fake sellers were arrested one after another.

Such a series of major actions quickly spread throughout the internet industry. This gave everyone an extremely strong sense of alarm. They finally realized that the internet was not a place outside the law. If you broke the law on the internet, don't have any wishful thinking. The law would definitely punish you!

Subsequently, major TV stations and offline media quickly responded and completely removed Le Tao's advertisements. This had long been written in the contract. If the advertising party was suspected of illegal operation, the media had the right to stop all advertising.

Therefore, on December 26th, Le Tao completely disappeared online and offline. The only things that could be found were some reports about its arrest and the discussions of netizens on various major websites.

Judging from the netizens' attitude, Le Tao's arrest was a good thing for them. Almost everyone on the internet supported this special rectification operation. It could be said that Le Tao's arrest was not only a sign that the law had been upheld, but it was also the will of the people.

…

At this time, Boss Ma and a group of higher-ups were playing Tai Chi in the Hangzhou Municipal Public Security Bureau.

They were a group of experienced people who knew how to avoid responsibility as much as possible.

Although Boss Ma was extremely regretful and distressed, he had already thought it through. This special rectification action was very fierce. He could not take any chances. Otherwise, if he was suspected of committing a crime, it would be difficult for him to escape the punishment of the law.

Therefore, in this situation, the best way was to pretend that he did not know anything.

— — Do you know that there are many sellers selling fake goods on the platform?

— — I don't know. I'm only in charge of the higher-level management of the company. The specific development of each business is under the jurisdiction of the various department heads.

— — Do you know that your platform has the obligation to examine the sellers and products on the platform?

— — I know. We have people in charge of this work. I'm not very sure whether they have neglected their duties or not.

— — Your platform cooperates with the fake factories through shell companies. Through shell companies, you get the goods from the fake factories at a lower price. Then, you supply the goods to the platform sellers. How do you explain this?

— — I don't know anything about this. I hope that the Public Security Bureau can thoroughly investigate such a blatant violation of the law and help Le Tao find the black sheep. At the same time, it can also give an explanation to the other employees!

Boss Ma's current solution was to pretend that he did not know anything. He had already set up a firewall long ago. He did not actually handle any of the fake businesses. Even if he gave orders, they were all transmitted verbally. There was never any substantive record. It was really not that easy for the police to convict him.

As for the shell company, he had already set up a full set of firewall when he bought it. Whether it was the legal person or the shareholders, they had nothing to do with Boss Ma. No matter how they investigated, they could not blame him.

This way, Boss Ma knew that the Public Security Bureau could at most catch a few scapegoats from Le Tao to bear the main responsibility. After he cleared himself of all responsibility, the police could not do anything to him. After a period of investigation, even if he could not be released directly, he could only apply for bail. That way, even if he lost Le Tao, he could at least keep his freedom.

Boss Ma's family and business partners used all kinds of connections and mediated several times before Boss Ma finally met with his lawyer in private. After meeting with the lawyer, Boss Ma immediately asked him, "What's the attitude of the higher-ups now?

Is there any sign of loosening? "

The lawyer shook his head and said, "There is no sign of loosening for the time being. Not only that, but the situation is still escalating."

Boss Ma frowned and asked, "What do you mean?"

The lawyer said, "Last night, Le Tao's server was raided. Today, a considerable number of Le Tao's shop owners have already been arrested. The Public Security Bureau responded very quickly. It seems that this time, the higher-ups' attitude is to fight to the end."

"Fight to the end?!"

Boss Ma panicked a little and asked him, "Then what kind of responsibility do you think we, as the platform company, should bear?"

The lawyer analyzed, "Under normal circumstances, because the platform company does not directly take a share of the sales on the platform, it can be seen that the platform company does not directly profit from the sales on the platform, and there is no subjective intention. Therefore, we can operate from the direction of supervision. In this way, the company will bear a lot less responsibility. The best case scenario is that they only bear administrative punishment and warning."

Boss Ma was instantly delighted and hurriedly asked him, "Is there any difficulty in doing this?"

The lawyer smacked his lips and said, "Boss Ma, there are many uncontrollable factors. First of all, how these sellers will confess after they are arrested. Now that they are all arrested and interrogated by the police in their places of residence, if their confessions unanimously state that there is a supervisor on the platform guiding them to sell fake goods, then it will be very difficult for us to defend our negligence of supervision. After all, there are so many testimonies from sellers who can't possibly collude. The judge won't listen to our side of the story."

As he spoke, the lawyer said, "There is also a time bomb, which is Le Tao's shell company. Because all the computers have been seized, the information about the shell company and the specific situation cannot be hidden. This can prove that the platform actively participated in the actual act of selling fake goods. When the time comes, there must be a clear person responsible for this. Otherwise, the blame will definitely be shared equally among everyone in the company."

Boss Ma narrowed his eyes. "Does this mean that someone needs to stand up and take responsibility for the shell company?"

"Yes."

The lawyer nodded and said, "It's not just about the shell company. If the confessions of those sellers clearly state that our platform has subjective guidance, then someone also needs to take responsibility for the part of the subjective guidance."

Boss Ma paused for a moment, his expression particularly conflicted. After a long while, he said, "Two questions.

First, if all these things are borne by one person, how long will the sentence be? Second, if there is one person to bear the responsibility, what kind of punishment will the others face in the future? "

The lawyer thought about it and said seriously, "If there is clearly one person to bear the responsibility, then we will first carry out a non-subjective profit-seeking defense. If it is successful, we should only need to pay a certain amount of responsibility, and the overall sentence should be less than ten years. As for the others, we are confident that we can make a non-criminal defense and solve the problem at the level of administrative punishment."

"That's good!"

Boss Ma's expression relaxed. It seemed that the first problem now was to find a person who was willing to bear the responsibility, so he said to the lawyer, "I will think about this matter carefully and see what is the safest way to do it."

The lawyer nodded slightly, then immediately thought of something and reminded, "Oh right, Boss Ma, in the management measures for e-commerce this time, there is a rule that the relevant responsible persons of the enterprises will be publicized. Based on the seriousness of their own violation, for the next three to ten years, they will be prohibited from registering or participating in any Internet-related enterprises. Any Internet-related enterprises are prohibited from hiring in any form the publicized responsible persons who are still in the punishment stage.

In other words, if they are defined as the relevant responsible persons, they will not be able to work in the Internet industry for a certain period of time. "