Chapter 866

When he heard what Chen Wan said on the phone, Li Mu was quite surprised.

Li Mu didn't know that Minister Zhen had just held a press conference, so he didn't know that Minister Zhen had pushed him to the forefront of public opinion. He also didn't know that after tonight, he would once again appear in front of the people with an extremely positive image.

So, Li Mu asked her, "Famous all over the country?

What about me? "

Chen Wan said, "The Economic and Trade Commission just held a press conference. Didn't you hear about it?"

"No …" Li Mu was confused. "What does it have to do with the Economic and Trade Commission?"

Chen Wan said, "Just now, a colleague from the news department ran over to tell me about it. I went over to take a look at the video they got. Department Head Zhen, at the press conference this time, regarding the 'Internet into the home' issue, he really put a lot of gold on your face."

As she spoke, Chen Wan briefly described Minister Zhen's remarks to Li Mu.

After listening, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a headache. "Minister Zhen held his press conference. Why did he put gold on my face …"

Chen Wan said, "I think that Minister Zhen can't take all the credit for this. The higher-ups are watching. If he puts gold on his face at this time, I don't know how the higher-ups will look at him. On the contrary, if he gives the main credit to you, not only will he do you a favor, but he can also win the favor of the higher-ups. There are many things in the officialdom that are very subtle. For him, what he really cares about is definitely not this little bit of policy credit."

Li Mu thought about it carefully. What Chen Wan said did make a lot of sense. Back then, when Minister Zhen reported the two prototypes of the policies to the higher-ups, those two policies had already been linked to him in the eyes of the higher-ups. At this time, it was really unnecessary for Minister Zhen to gain some reputation under the nose of the higher-ups.

However, Li Mu also didn't expect that Minister Zhen would turn around and publicly give this credit to him. Although he was now very famous, Li Mu indeed began to feel the burden of fame. First of all, he had bodyguards around him 24/7 because he was afraid of being targeted. Second, as long as he went to a public place, Li Mu basically had to wear a mask like a celebrity. Not many people would really surround him after discovering him, but the main reason why Li Mu did this was to avoid trouble and seek peace.

However, now that Minister Zhen did this, it seemed that in a short period of time, he was bound to become the focus of public opinion.

"Internet into the home" was a national policy that benefited a wide range of people and had a great influence. If the public knew that this huge national policy was actually because of his suggestion and promotion, it would indeed be a huge boost to his reputation and image.

Li Mu had already indirectly promoted the development of the entire Internet in Hua Xia through the development of Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay. Now that he had such a strong policy to promote it, it could be said that the entire industry would benefit from him. At this time, if he was called the Godfather of the Internet in Hua Xia, perhaps no one would have any objections.

Chen Wan said to Li Mu, "This time, the media will definitely chase after the hot topic of" Internet into the home, "and they will chase after it on multiple levels. You have to seize this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If you make good use of it this time, your company will refinance, and its market value will definitely increase greatly!"

When Li Mu heard this, he was speechless. Was this really Chen Wan?

In his impression, she had never paid attention to these political and business matters. Moreover, she had positioned herself as an entertainment host, and basically knew nothing about business. He did not expect that at this time, she would actually know to remind him to make good use of it, and even see that it would help the market value of the company's financing. This was not normal. Could it be that she had begun to pay attention to finance in her spare time?

It did not seem like it. She was so busy …

Chen Wan did not hear Li Mu's movements, and could not help but ask him, "Did you hear what I said?"

Li Mu came back to his senses and hurriedly said, "I'm listening, I'm listening. Go on."

Chen Wan nodded and continued, "I'm guessing that there will definitely be a lot of media outlets contacting you for interviews later. If you can accept it, try not to reject them, especially Central TV. If tonight's News Simulcast can broadcast an exclusive interview with you, that would be great. You have to think about how you're going to perform in front of the cameras. You must work hard to flaunt yourself, and at the same time, bring out your own business. Central TV has such a close relationship with you, they definitely won't edit it when they broadcast it."

"Oh, en, okay."

Li Mu vaguely agreed, and could not help but ask her, "Can you tell me what happened in the past few days?

Are you still the silly girl in my impression?

How did you suddenly become so smart?

You can see through everything. You're amazing! "

On the other end of the phone, Chen Wan heard this and smiled shyly. Her voice also became bashful, and she said in a low voice, "I don't want to study these things at all, but for you, I am willing to take the college entrance examination again."

As she said this, Chen Wan continued, "Moreover, I work in the television station. Although I don't work in the news department, I have a good relationship with a colleague in the news department. I have always told her that you are my brother, and asked her to help me pay attention to news about you. She was also the one who told me about Makino Technology's financing."

Li Mu was very touched. He did not expect that Chen Wan would take care of both "Happy Camp" and "Super Girl" at the same time. She did not forget to pay attention to his movements. This kind of heart really made him feel warm all over.

Li Mu did not speak for a long time. When he opened his mouth, he said gently, "It's been hard for you to pay attention to my matters even though you are so busy."

Chen Wan's voice became even lower, and she said with deep affection, "You don't have to be so polite with me. It's not hard for me to do anything for you. Moreover, I didn't do anything. I just wanted to understand a little."

As she said this, Chen Wan said softly, "After I finish recording the next episode, I will go to Yanjing to record the Yanjing division's auditions. It might take a week. After that, I will go to Yanjing to record the top 100 competition. I might be very busy then, and you will definitely be very busy too. But you have to promise me one thing."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Tell me, I will definitely promise you."

Chen Wan mumbled, "When the time comes, take some time to accompany me. I really miss you these days."

Li Mu's heart was also filled with warmth. He agreed without hesitation and said, "When you come, I will definitely accompany you well."

Chen Wan said, "That's a promise. You can't go back on your word."

"Don't worry, I will definitely do what I say."

Chen Wan's guess was not wrong. Just as Li Mu hung up, Lin Ching-ah called him and said, "Li Zong, reporters from Central TV and a few other media companies are calling. They want to interview you."

Li Mu did not hesitate and said directly, "Then agree to the interview with Central TV first."

Lin Ching-ah asked him, "Where are you now?

I will tell them. "

"At Taobao." Li Mu said, "Tell them to come directly."

As the reporters from Central TV rushed to Taobao at top speed, Lei Jianguo passed a piece of good news to Li Mu.

The audit of Zhuoyue was basically completed, and the acquisition would be completed soon. He himself had already settled the issue of the shares in Jinshan. He would withdraw from Jinshan and keep the shares, which meant that all the functions and rights would be handed over to Qiu Bojun. From now on, he would not interfere with the operations of Jinshan and would only be a small shareholder.

When Li Mu heard this news, he was very excited and blurted out, "CEO Lei, when can you join Taobao?"

Lei Jianguo immediately said without hesitation, "Li Zong, I will officially report tomorrow morning!"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "So soon?

You finally have a transition period, aren't you going to rest or go on a vacation? "

Lei Jianguo said, "I won't think about the vacation for now. Last time I attended the Taobao's operation meeting, I know that they are going to carry out a big promotion for daily necessities. I hope I can do my part for the company in this event."

Li Mu praised, "CEO Lei, you are really showing off your style. If that's the case, I will hold a welcome ceremony for you at Taobao tomorrow morning!"

Lei Jianguo hurriedly said, "Li Zong, you are too polite. There is no need for a welcome ceremony. You can just introduce me to everyone and let me start working immediately."

Li Mu didn't continue to be polite with him over the phone. He agreed and hung up the phone. Then he immediately asked the administrative staff to arrange for the company's middle and upper management to arrive at the company twenty minutes earlier tomorrow. At the same time, he asked her to order a big cake and hire a few professional photographers. Lei Jianguo joining Taobao was a historic moment, he must properly commemorate it.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt a little sorry for Liu Shixiong. It seemed that he and Liu Shixiong had hit it off and then directly founded Taobao. As the co- founder, he didn't even hold any welcome ceremony for him.

But thinking about it again, Liu Shixiong was, after all, a co- founder. He was different from Lei Jianguo who came in halfway. Liu Shixiong was completely one of them and he didn't need to be courteous with him. But Lei Jianguo was different. Regardless of whether he could become one of them in the future, at present, he was just an author who had a beneficial relationship with him. In his heart, he was still an outsider.

At this moment, Li Mu also started to ponder. Once Taobao completed the acquisition of Joyo, Taobao's book and audio products business would be completed. At that time, Dang Dang would become one of Taobao's most direct competitors.

Li Mu wasn't afraid of Dang Dang, much less Li Guoqing. It was just that this brother's character was too weird. In his previous life, in Li Mu's eyes, he was one of the most pitiful people in Hua Xia's internet industry. But later on, Li Mu felt that this brother wasn't pitiful at all.

Let's not talk about how many wrong decisions he had made. Just the fact that he liked to put on a show when he had nothing to do, and that he didn't manage the company well, and that he went around arguing with Senior Brother Liu in public was really disgusting.

Otherwise, why would Liu Shixiong ask Jingdong's book department not to make a profit for a few years in a fit of anger?

If he was allowed to survive in the book e-commerce industry, wouldn't he tear himself apart in the future?