Chapter 898

Finally, in the first 24 hours after YY connected to PayPal and launched the new member value-added service system, YY made use of PayPal to rake in 17 million US dollars worldwide.

Thanks to PayPal's assistance, there was an obvious increase in the data in the last few hours, which was similar to the trend of the word "N".

YY triggered a series of chemical reactions in the United States and other developed countries around the world. It was as if the first domino had been pushed down, and more and more dominoes were pushed down with irresistible force.

The result of 17 million US dollars shocked the entire United States, especially since the United States had always claimed to be the center of the world's Internet. Not to mention Hua Xia, even Europe, Japan, and Korea had never had a software that could cause such a huge reaction in the United States.

Before this, they had only heard that Hua Xia's Internet companies received money from the United States. That was to say, most of Hua Xia's Internet companies had used American capital to develop in Hua Xia. However, Makino Technology was almost the only Internet company that could make money in the United States. Moreover, the money was earned too easily. Up until now, Makino Technology had not spent a single cent on marketing in the United States.

The Merikan media was once again shocked. All sorts of reports appeared like mushrooms after the rain. Casually flipping through a few of the Merikan media's reports, other than shock, exclamation, and heartfelt praise, there was no other way. Who asked YY to bring such a revolutionary change to their work? Just like DJI's unmanned aerial vehicle, it was awesome. Even if it was a Chinese company, it was still highly sought after in the Merikan market and the media, and it held the majority of the market share. It would not be tarnished by the Merikan market and the media just because it was a Chinese company.

As YY's reputation continued to rise in the United States, the American elites had begun to help YY attract new users around the world.

The reason why it was said that it was the help of the American elites was mainly because most of the users around the world were directly promoted by American users. Other than the United States, the contact and use of YY in other overseas markets were almost all influenced by the American elites. This included Canada, Mexico, Europe, and even Japan and Korea, which were the closest to the United States.

There was no need to mention Canada. Not only did the United States and Canada border each other, but they also had all kinds of connections that could be achieved between countries. Among them, Vancouver and Seattle were almost connected. If one did not look at the flag, not many people would be able to tell whether they were in Canada or the United States.

The Canadian and American enterprises were extremely close, and there was a lot of communication between the elites at work and business levels. Therefore, when YY became popular among the American elites, the Canadian elites were already forced to make changes.

They held a video conference with an American partner. The other party was not in the company and did not have a terminal. They requested to hold a video conference on YY. The Canadian could not figure out what YY was, but under the other party's instructions, they searched for and downloaded YY, installed it, added it as a friend, and then held a video conference. It was extremely convenient.

They sent a file to the American partner. The file was too big, and the mailbox transmission was very troublesome. They asked if the other party was online and could use MSN to transfer the file. The other party said, "I'm not in front of the computer. Why don't you go offline and send it to my YY? Anyone can add me as a friend on my YY. Even if you're not online, you can still add me and send the file to me."

The Canadian was confused. What did they mean? They did not understand. Were they not on the same planet?

After that, under the other party's guidance, they tried to use YY to send the other party an offline file. Only then did they realize that there was such a magical tool in the world.

The Americans wanted to pull the Canadian and others together to discuss something. The Canadian said, "Why don't we have a conference call?"

The Americans said, "What the hell is a phone call? It's more convenient to communicate with several people over a long distance using text. At least, it can ensure that no one will miss what anyone said."

The Canadian did not understand. What new tricks are the Americans playing?

The other party directly threw him a YY group number and instructed, "Go, register a YY account and join the group."

The Canadian fumbled to register a YY account and join the group chat. Only then did he exclaim, "Oh my god, this thing is quite awesome!"

Communication between work and business made users more patient. If it was just a casual chat between friends, many users might be too lazy to specifically download a new software, register an account, and adapt from scratch. This was because all users, or even all people, subconsciously had a kind of laziness.

However, once it rose to the level of work, the importance of laziness was far greater than laziness. Even if they were not willing, they had to accept the work.

Because of this, the American elites had already introduced YY to the world through cross-border business cooperation.

The elites of European multinational companies were the first users in Europe to come into contact with YY. Based on the European style, they were not very fascinated by the high-tech Internet. In this regard, they had a huge gap with the Americans. However, there was no other way. The current business model was: as long as there was business contact with the Americans, they basically had to first download and register YY and become a member.

The reason was very simple. The Americans had long been spoiled by YY. Once they needed to solve office needs online, they would only use YY. The Europeans were actually led by the Americans to use software like MSN not long ago. In the end, the Americans themselves abandoned MSN first.

When the Europeans protested to the Americans, "Hey, haven't you always used MSN and ICQ?"

The Americans' reply was straightforward. "Sorry, we have completely eliminated that shitty software."

"But, isn't MSN something that you Americans own?

Wasn't ICQ also acquired by an American company?

Why don't you support your own products, but use something made by Hua Xia? "

"We still drive your European-made Benz, BMW, Audi, and Bentley. Do you think we should also block European cars from entering our country?"

When faced with this answer, the stubborn Europeans were no longer able to refute.

However, when they were forced to use YY by the Americans, they suddenly realized that this software was really too awesome!

No wonder the Americans were using it. It turned out to be really f * cking useful!

The Americans did not deceive us!

This feeling was as if the Americans were taking a soft, jet-black thing and trying to force it into their mouths. As they struggled, they shouted, "Oh no, that's dog sh * t. Don't stuff it into my mouth!

I'm begging you!

No!

I don't want it! "

As a result, after the Americans stuffed the thing into their mouths, the Europeans smacked their lips and said, "Oh, it's chocolate!

It's really f * cking delicious. Brother, do you have any more? "

This contrast made their impression of YY even deeper. They even began to recommend it to their colleagues and other partners.

Compared to the Europeans, the elites of Japan and Korea were more obedient to the Americans. Because of historical reasons, the people of these two countries had a very strong degree of obedience and worship for the United States. As long as the American partners gave the order, they would download and use it without hesitation.

However, the elites of Japan and Korea could not believe that such an awesome software, such an awesome software that conquered the Americans and themselves, was actually developed by Hua Xia!

This made the elites of Japan and Korea quite unhappy. In their subconscious, all the products in their country, from physical products to virtual products, were far superior to Hua Xia's products. Even they did not have a virtual product that could conquer the Americans. Why could Hua Xia do it?

Now, not only had the Americans been conquered by Hua Xia's products, but they had also become the volunteer spokesperson for promoting YY worldwide. Almost everyone who had business relations with the Americans would be required by the Americans to download and register for YY. This really made them feel uncomfortable, as if they had swallowed a fly.

When had the Americans ever promoted their products like this?!

However, what made them feel even worse was that they felt like they had swallowed a fly. However, this "fly" was really too useful. Everyone was so amazed by its various functions that they burst into tears.

The biggest question in front of them now was: Should they promote YY to the people and partners around them?

Using YY to communicate with the Americans and deal with their work needs had indeed made them feel the eternal truth of "technology is the number one productivity".

However, if they were to promote YY to their partners in their own country, they really could not overcome that hurdle. Why?!

Why do I have to download the product of Hua Xia Internet Company, register an account, buy a membership, and then volunteer to promote for them?

I have a strong sense of patriotism!

Me!

Wrong!

No!

Just when they felt that patriotism was far more important than anything else, they also subconsciously thought that if they did not promote it, their colleagues and partners who did not interact with the Americans would not even know about YY. Were they supposed to go back to the way they used to communicate with them and deal with their work?

Although they could avoid doing publicity for Hua Xia's company this way, they would still be the ones suffering!

As people who had used YY before, how could they tolerate the way they used to communicate in the office that was so weak that it was collapsing?

It was a waste of their time, energy, and money!

On one hand, patriotism was the priority in front of the country, and on the other hand, f * ck this YY was really useful. After a fierce struggle between the two ideologies, the users of both countries had no choice but to make a choice: promote YY!

Not for anything else, but for their own work efficiency. As for the fact that this Hua Xia company would benefit from it, they could only bear with it!

Almost all the elites in developed countries began to use YY, and most of them had become YY paying members. When the news spread back to China, all the media outlets were reporting on the huge achievements of YY overseas. When the people of Hua Xia found out that YY was trending around the world, the whole country rejoiced!