Chapter 68

Guo Yuhang had never suffered such a loss in his life, and now he was being beaten by so many people. He had lost all his face.

If he got up and fought with Li Mu, he might be able to regain some face, but Guo Yuhang didn't dare to.

He smoked, drank, and played with women. His body was much thinner than Li Mu's, and he was half a head shorter than Li Mu. He was no match for Li Mu in a one-on-one fight. Moreover, he was alone and had no helpers. Li Mu had Zhao Kang by his side. That guy was dark and strong, and he looked a bit stronger than Li Mu.

Guo Yuhang gritted his teeth in his heart. This happened just when the driving school started. He didn't have the face to learn driving at Jin 'an driving school this year. He could only leave now and find a chance to take revenge.

So Guo Yuhang rolled and got up from the ground. As he retreated, he pointed at Li Mu and shouted with hatred, "Li Mu, wait for me if you have the guts. I won't let you go today!"

Li Mu stared at him and said coldly, "I'll hit you if you don't leave!"

"Okay, six o 'clock in the afternoon. Wait at the driving school gate if you have the guts. I'll f * cking kill you!"

After saying that, Guo Yuhang turned around and ran away. He kept uttering harsh words all the way until Li Mu couldn't hear them clearly. He was still running and shouting.

Li Mu didn't bother with him. He turned to Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue and said, "I guess this bastard won't learn driving with us in the future."

Su Yingxue stared at Li Mu and asked, "Did he really ask his father to make his parents lay off?"

Li Mu nodded, "My parents being laid off is exactly what I want, but they have to be willing to be laid off. I can't let this guy do this to me."

Su Yingxue nodded with understanding and said, "It's just a small conflict and he's so vengeful. He even dragged his parents into it. This guy is such a jerk."

"Jerk son, jerk father."

Zhao Kang spat and said to Li Mu, "He said six o 'clock in the afternoon. I'll call him!"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "No need."

Zhao Kang stared and asked, "What if he brings someone?"

"Let him." Li Mu didn't plan on being kind to Guo Yuhang the moment he made his move.

Li Mu was a good student in the third year of high school. Most of the people he knew were his classmates. He didn't know any gangsters in the society. At this time, it was basically impossible for him to find someone to help him fight. Zhao Kang was the same. He couldn't find any strong helpers at all.

"Li Mu thought." Li Mu thought. "If Guo Yuhang finds someone from outside, I, I," he said.

If he was the programmer Li Mu, the last thing he wanted to do was to owe someone a favor. He always thought that the friendship between gentlemen was as thin as water. He would try not to trouble others if he could. But the more he did this, the thinner the friendship between him and others would be.

After his rebirth, he felt deeply sorrowful for his past self. China was a society of human relations. The expansion and strengthening of one's social circle depended on constantly owing and giving favors. Only those who could play with favors would be able to have a good network.

Although there was a big gap between his social status and Song Liang's ability, Ye Tianming was the link between them. If he couldn't return the favor, he would find a way to return it to Ye Tianming. At that time, Ye Tianming would naturally help him return the favor to Song Liang. In the end, the relationship between the three would be improved because of this favor.

After knowing Song Liang, Li Mu also wanted to find an opportunity to improve his relationship with Song Liang. There was no other reason. After he left, his parents were doing business in Haizhou. If something happened, he could rest assured with Song Liang's relationship.

Since he wanted to improve his relationship with Song Liang, he definitely couldn't do Song Liang a favor based on his age, identity, and social status. The only way was to ask him for help and owe him a favor.

He was worried about how to find a breakthrough point, and Guo Yuhang came to him.

…

"Who is the other party?"

In a billiard hall in Haizhou City, a young man in his mid-twenties, wearing a black vest and black trousers, asked Guo Yuhang, who was standing next to him.

The young man's name was Zou Hua, and he was a well-known gangster in Haizhou. He opened a billiard hall in the city and had a group of underlings who often collected money to help people. Guo Yuhang often came to his shop to play billiards. He knew that Guo Yuhang was a rich second generation and was generous, so he was close to him.

At this time, Guo Yuhang put an ice pack on his swollen face and said with a sobbing tone, "That grandson is a high school graduate."

"Oh …" Zou Hua nodded gently and didn't say anything more. He aimed at the next ball.

Guo Yuhang was so anxious that he blurted out, "Brother Hua, you can't ignore my brother!"

At this time, Zou Hua didn't hit a shot. He threw the cue aside and turned to look at Guo Yuhang. "We've known each other for so long. How can I ignore you?

I'll take some people to help you settle this matter this afternoon. Do you want one of his arms or one of his legs? I'll do it for you. "

"I want one of his arms!" Guo Yuhang blurted out.

Recalling that Li Mu had slapped him twice in a row, it was the first time in his life that he had been slapped in the face. This humiliation was unbearable for him. He must pay it back a thousand times.

Zou Hua asked, "Which hand did he hit you with?"

"His right hand!"

Zou Hua immediately said, "Okay, then I'll help you break his right arm today."

As soon as he said that, Guo Yuhang beamed with joy. Breaking Li Mu's right arm. Within three to five months, this grandson wouldn't even be able to pick up chopsticks. His parents had been laid off and his family's conditions were bad enough. If he got injured again, it would be really f * cking interesting!

However, Zou Hua glanced at Guo Yuhang and saw the unconcealable excitement in his eyes. He coughed and said, "Yuhang, I've helped you so much. Shouldn't you help me a little too?"

Guo Yuhang blurted out, "Brother Hua, tell me."

Zou Hua didn't say anything. He took out a car key from his pocket.

A Honda key.

Guo Yuhang knew that Brother Hua had just bought a sixth-generation Accord and spent more than two hundred thousand.

At this time, Zou Hua said, "You see, my billiard hall doesn't make much money in a month. The people outside don't make much money either. I still have a bunch of people to feed. The money I earned in the past two years has all been thrown into the car. I'm really tight."

Guo Yuhang immediately expressed, "Brother Hua, if you help me with this, I'll give you ten thousand later."

Guo Yuhang's family was rich, and so was he. He had a lot of money. This was also the reason why Brother Hua put so much thought into him.

At this time, Zou Hua couldn't help but shake his head. "You're still young, and you need money everywhere. How can I take your money?

If word gets out, how can I, Zou Hua, still have the face to show my face? "

"I won't tell anyone."

Zou Hua waved his hand and said sincerely, "Yuhang, I know your father is the mine manager of Xiling Mine. I have a friend who pointed me in the right direction a few days ago. Many factories are in urgent need of refined coal. Ask your father to give me a 5000 ton coal receipt. Not only will I help you with this, but I'll also give you twenty thousand when the coal receipt arrives."

The price of coal had been rising since the end of 2000, starting a few consecutive years of tight coal supply. Now, the actual market price of coal was much higher than the factory price, regardless of whether it was raw coal or refined coal. Although Zou Hua didn't have a way to resell coal, he already knew that coal was in high demand. A few days ago, when he had a meal with a few friends in society, one of the more capable coal dealers said that he was willing to pay 20 yuan per ton for anyone who could help him get more refined coal.

He had a way to sell coal, but he really couldn't get much coal. This was because the coal was basically monopolized by those who had real connections before it was even out of the mines.

Therefore, in the current coal market, whoever could get the coal would make money.

Xiling Coal Mine's coal washing plant was in the same situation as most coal washing plants in the country. To buy coal, money alone wasn't enough. One also needed the coal receipt from the leader. The number of tons of coal receipt was the number of tons of coal they could buy. Otherwise, no matter how much money they had, they wouldn't be able to get a ton of coal.

Zou Hua's life was very tight after he bought the car. He even owed tens of thousands of yuan in debt. Recently, he had been trying to find a way to fill the hole. Coincidentally, Guo Yuhang took the initiative to look for him, so he thought of getting the coal receipt.

If he could get the 5000 ton coal receipt, he didn't have to worry about anything else. He could just find the coal dealer and make a profit of 100,000 yuan.

Zou Hua had also heard that all the coal at Xiling Coal Mine's coal washing plant had to be approved by Guo Yuhang's father, Guo Lin. He couldn't help but wonder how much money Guo Lin could make from this.

Guo Yuhang was a hedonistic son of a rich family. He only knew how to spend money and play with women. He didn't know how much profit there was in getting the coal receipt. However, he knew that his father was the local tyrant at Xiling Coal Mine. Getting a few thousand tons of coal receipt was just a matter of waving his hand.

Moreover, as long as he agreed to Zou Hua's request, not only would he help him get rid of Li Mu, he would also give him 20,000 yuan as a commission. 20,000 yuan wasn't a small amount, and he could play with a few decent girls.

Therefore, Guo Yuhang didn't think much and immediately nodded, "Okay, it's settled. Brother Hua, you help me get rid of that kid, Li Mu. I'll go home tonight and tell my dad about this."

"Okay!"

Zou Hua's eyes lit up. If he could get the 5000 ton coal receipt, his current economic crisis would be over. Moreover, he might be able to do this kind of business with Guo Yuhang in the future. Since this was the case, he had to do this for him today.

"What time did you set with that kid?

Where? "

"Tonight at 6: 00, at the entrance of Jin 'an driving school!"

"Okay!

I'll help you get rid of that kid today! "

— —