Chapter 646

From the hospital to the police station, Li Mu had been suppressing his anger. Not only had the young Cai Zhi died, but Su Yingxue had also been injured. For Li Mu, it was not enough to vent his anger even if he cut the other party alive. Now that the other party had directly turned himself in to the police station, even if he wanted to make him suffer a little, he could only wait until he was put in prison. The owner of the car happened to come at this time. For Li Mu, he came at the right time. In any case, he had to take some responsibility.

The owner of the car was a middle-aged man in his early fifties. Judging from his appearance and clothes, he was a very successful man. The golden Hermes belt on his belt was particularly eye-catching. But in this era, only a few people in China could recognize this brand. In the eyes of most people, it was more like a copy of the Honda logo.

The owner of the car did not come alone. He also brought a gentle assistant. Under the overly enthusiastic guidance of two policemen, he came all the way to Xue Li.

One of the policemen with the rank of second-class superintendent said to Xue Li, "Xue Li, this is Mr. Huang of Hongzhu Group. The car involved in the accident was registered under his name. This time, Mr. Huang came in person just to cooperate with us and the victim to solve the problem."

As soon as Xue Li heard the name, he was slightly stunned. He subconsciously stood up, stretched out his hand respectfully, and said nervously, "Hello, Mr. Huang …"

After that, Xue Li seemed to feel that he was a little abrupt. He wanted to quickly withdraw his hand, but he felt that it might be more rash. While he was hesitating, Mr. Huang had already stretched out his hand and held Xue Li's right hand with both of his hands. When he was about to say something with a sad face, Li Mu stood up, frowned and asked him, "Are you the owner of the car?"

The man looked at Li Mu in surprise, nodded and said, "Yes, I am. Who are you?"

Li Mu asked him aggressively, "Who is the driver who caused the accident to you?

Why did he drive your car and hit someone? "

Before Mr. Huang could say anything, the gentle man beside him pushed up his glasses and said with a serious face, "Who are you?

What does this have to do with you?

What right do you have to ask here? "

Li Mu glanced at Su Yingxue and said angrily, "My girlfriend is also a victim. The driver killed her classmate and hurt her before escaping. Do you think this has anything to do with me?"

When the gentleman saw the injury on Su Yingxue's arm, his gaze was slightly evasive, but his tone was still businesslike as he said, "Our Director Huang is also very sad that something like this happened, but this matter still needs to be resolved by the public security department. The driver has already turned himself in, so his criminal responsibility will naturally be prosecuted and convicted by the public security department. If your girlfriend has a request for civil compensation, she can bring it up as well. However, you guys are lucky this time to meet a reasonable person like Director Huang. Director Huang took the time out of his busy schedule to personally come and solve the problem. If you guys have any requests for compensation, you can do it now …"

When Li Mu heard this, he suddenly exploded. He swung his hand and slapped the man's face. This slap was so hard that the man's glasses flew out. At this moment, Li Mu lost all manners. He pointed at the man's nose and scolded, "F * ck you, you call this luck?

When will your mother have such good luck? "

This bastard looked like a lawyer, and his words were always related to the law. Everything he said was done according to the law, but from what he said, this bastard was a scumbag. Li Mu hated this kind of gentle scum the most, not to mention that his words were simply inhumane.

Li Mu's slap was so sudden that everyone present was stunned. The policeman next to him rushed forward to push Li Mu away. The man who was slapped also covered his face and said angrily, "You are deliberately attacking me!

I have the right to ask the police officers present to detain you for more than five days and less than ten days according to Article 43 of the Public Security Administration Punishment Law! "

After that, the guy looked at the surrounding policemen with an expression that said, "Why are you not doing it?"

Li Mu pointed at him and said word by word, "You are lucky that you are now in the public security bureau, or else I will beat you up so badly that your mother can't recognize you!"

The guy suddenly became angry and shouted at the policeman next to him, "This person has broken the law in the public security bureau, and you are turning a blind eye to it?"

Xue Li looked at Li Mu awkwardly. He wanted to say something, but he swallowed his words. The policeman who had welcomed the two of them with a smiling face immediately took out his handcuffs and said to Li Mu with a cold face, "You have the guts to hit someone in the public security bureau!" As he said that, he went forward to handcuff Li Mu.

This time, Su Yingxue stood up and stood in front of Li Mu and the policeman. She shouted at him angrily, "Don't you dare touch him!"

The policeman was obviously stunned. He didn't expect that Su Yingxue, a girl who looked so weak, would suddenly explode with such ferocity. Looking at her bloodshot and fierce eyes, she was no different from a vicious wolf.

Li Mu didn't see Su Yingxue's expression and eyes. He pulled Su Yingxue behind him and stared at the policeman who was holding the handcuffs. He said coldly, "If that bastard dares to say another word, I will hit him again!"

"You …" The policeman was furious and picked up the handcuffs again. At this time, Director Huang said, "Alright, alright, Captain Song. Although this young man was wrong to hit someone, his feelings are understandable."

After that, he looked at the person who was being beaten next to him and said, "Xiao Wu, you really went too far with your words. Hurry up and apologize to him!"

The guy with the surname Wu immediately said with a face full of grievance, "Director Huang, you saw it too, he hit me …"

Director Huang's face immediately darkened, and he said angrily, "What?

Isn't what I said counted? "

Seeing that Director Huang was angry, the guy with the surname Wu didn't dare to act rashly again. He covered his face and looked at Li Mu, saying bitterly, "I'm sorry, I used the wrong words just now."

The policeman who was holding the handcuffs and was about to cuff Li Mu looked back at Director Huang and asked awkwardly, "Director Huang, this …"

Director Huang waved his hand and said, "Forget it, forget it. Just take it that he taught Xiao Wu a lesson."

After that, he looked at Li Mu and said apologetically, "I'm sorry, young man. Xiao Wu is my company's legal officer. He's a guy who only studies and has become stupid. If he offended you, please don't mind him."

Li Mu saw that this Director Huang was more sensible. Moreover, he had already hit the person and the other party had apologized. His anger from before subsided a little. He glared at the lawyer surnamed Wu and said, "In the future, think before you speak!"

The other party didn't dare to answer, and this episode was temporarily over. Director Huang then said to Xue Li, "You should be the police officer in charge of this case."

Xue Li hurriedly nodded, "Director Huang, nice to meet you. I'm in charge of this case."

Director Huang said with a sorrowful face, "This time, it's my fault for failing in my management. I'm here to personally assist you in handling this matter. I just rushed to the hospital. I heard that the female university student who was injured has passed away regrettably. It's really heartbreaking. I wonder if you've contacted her parents?

If you have, please help me pass on a message to her family. I, Huang Jinxiao, am willing to compensate her parents with ten times the standard compensation. If she only has one child in her family, I'm willing to compensate twenty times. Although money can't bring the dead back to life, it's at least the most practical way to compensate. "

As he said that, Director Huang added, "As for the driver who caused the accident, you must deal with him impartially. You must punish this kind of person who tramples on the law. Only then can you comfort the soul of the dead girl in heaven."

Director Huang's words made the surrounding policemen admire him. One of them couldn't help but compliment him, "Director Huang, you're so responsible. You're really a social model. We'll definitely pass on your words to her parents. I believe they'll also be greatly comforted."

Hearing that this man called himself Huang Jinxiao, Li Mu thought about it carefully and finally found Huang Jinxiao in his memory. He was the boss of the Hongzhu Group in Yan Jing, which was one of the top five real estate development companies in the country. Because he cooperated with Song Liang and Chen Ze to run a real estate company, Li Mu had more or less learned about the current situation of real estate companies. The Hongzhu Group was very strong and had a very strong foundation in several major cities in the country. It was said that the Hongzhu Group was the family business of the Huang family, and Huang Jinxiao was the leader of the Huang family.

Huang Jinxiao's attitude towards this matter was quite responsible. The car was definitely not driven by him, but the car that hit the girl was registered under his name. With his identity, he was able to personally visit the girl in the hospital and then rush to the Public Security Bureau to deal with the follow-up affairs. He was also willing to double the compensation for Cai Zhizhi's parents. In any case, his attitude made Li Mu feel a little better.

At this time, Xue Li also praised him, "Director Huang, you're really responsible. Don't worry, when the victim's family arrives in Yan Jing, we'll definitely pass on your words to them. I believe they'll also be greatly comforted in their grief."

Huang Jinxiao asked him, "The girl's parents are from out of town?"

Xue Li nodded, "Our colleagues at the Gulou Police Station have already communicated with the girl's parents as soon as the incident happened. They're in Xiangnan and are rushing over."

Huang Jinxiao sighed and said, "I really pity the parents. Officer Xue, please help me follow up. There's a five-star Four Seasons Venus Hotel nearby. It's a property of the Hongzhu Group. I'll arrange for someone to reserve a room immediately. When the girl's family arrives in Beijing, I'll take care of their accommodation."

Xue Li hurriedly said, "Okay, Director Xue. I'll definitely follow up."

At this time, Huang Jinxiao said, "Am I interrupting your work?

Well, you go ahead with your work. I'll ask Xiao Wu to leave you his phone number. If the girl's parents arrive, or if there's anything you need my help with, you can call Xiao Wu directly. "

The policeman surnamed Song, who wanted to handcuff Li Mu, hurriedly said, "Director Huang, you're really too cooperative. Let me exchange phone numbers with Lawyer Wu. If there's anything, I'll directly communicate with Lawyer Wu."

Huang Jinxiao nodded, and Lawyer Wu took out his phone and exchanged phone numbers with the policeman. Xue Li said to Su Yingxue and Li Mu, "Let's hurry up and take the statement."