Chapter 250

Papa Lee was tempted by Li Mu's description. Needless to say, the benefits of a big house went without saying. If he had the means, of course he would like a big house. He just felt that a big house was a bit wasteful, but he had underestimated the financial strength of his family. It was not a waste to buy such a house for the whole family. With Papa Lee's and Li Ma's income, they could even buy a plot of land in Haizhou and build their own small villa.

Li Ma did not have many requirements for a house. But when she heard Li Mu say it so seriously, she felt that her son must really like this house. She did not have any objections because she wanted to satisfy her son's wishes.

Therefore, Li Ma took the lead and said to Papa Lee, "A big house is good. If Little Mu really gets married and has children in the future, our house should at least be big enough for the children to run away, right?

I think this house is good enough. It is big enough, has three bedrooms, and one of them can be used as a study. Haven't you always wanted to have your own study since we got married? "

Papa Lee scratched his head and recalled that when the two of them had just gotten married, they still lived in the dormitory arranged by the mine. It was only 20 square meters in total. Not only did they have to squeeze into the public toilet, they even had to go to the public pool to wash vegetables and clothes. Life was very hard. Although Papa Lee did not have a high education, he had always liked reading. There were two beds and an old box at home filled with all kinds of books he had bought in the past.

Papa Lee had dreamed of having his own study, but until Li Mu was born, the couple had not been allocated a house in Xiling Coal Mine. When they were allocated a house, Li Mu was already three years old, and it was a two-bedroom house. Therefore, Papa Lee's plan of having a study had never had a chance to be realized.

Two years ago, Li Mu's family had built a courtyard and a bungalow in front of the house. But because the house had spent most of their savings, Papa Lee's wish of having a study continued to be put on hold.

For the parents of the older generation, for the sake of life, family, wife, and children, their very simple wishes could be delayed again and again until they died.

But now, the situation was different.

Papa Lee also knew that his family's monthly income was much more than his annual income in the past. And the rarest thing was that he and his wife were not busy because of their careers. They now had enough time to enjoy life. But because they were used to living a simple life, their lifestyle and mentality had not changed much. Buying a car was something that Papa Lee would never have thought of. If it weren't for Li Mu mentioning it a few times, he would not have thought of buying a car even if he had five or even ten million.

At this time, the house in Papa Lee's heart was gradually filled with beautiful prospects and ideas. He began to think about where the house would fit, what it would look like in the future, how it should be renovated, and what it would look like after the renovation. There were still two bedrooms left. He wanted to buy a bed that was 1.8 meters or even 2 meters wide. His wife had been with him for so many years, but the bed at home was still pitifully small. It was said to be a bed that was 1.5 meters long, but in fact, it was only a little more than 1.4 meters. Moreover, the bed was an iron frame bed with two iron frames and three iron beams. On top of the bed was a bed board and a mattress. He had never thought of buying a Simmons mattress.

But now, he could think about it!

Papa Lee became more and more excited. He began to look at the two bedrooms. The big one would be left for Li Mu, and the small one would be his study. Not only would the study have an entire wall of bookshelves, it would also have a computer. His son was already so good at using the internet. He had to study hard and not be left behind by the times.

Just as Papa Lee was thinking about the future study, Li Mu came to him and said with a smile, "Mom and Brother Liang have booked the house. We'll go pay the money later."

"It's settled so easily?!" Papa Lee asked in surprise.

Li Mu nodded. "The house is not bad, and there's even a discount. It's such a good opportunity. Why didn't you book it as soon as possible?"

Papa Lee was stunned for a moment, then said with a smile, "You should at least look at the other houses. Aren't there still a few that haven't been sold?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Mom said it's this one. She likes the second floor. Also, this house is facing the east, not the west side."

Papa Lee thought about it and said with a smile, "That's true. Anyway, it's all the same. It seems that the only difference is the floor and the direction."

Li Mu crossed his arms and looked around the room. He asked his father, "Do you have a general plan on how to renovate it in the future?"

Papa Lee said with a smile, "I don't have any requirements for the renovation. The main thing is how to decorate it. If this room is used as a study, where do you think I should put the bookshelves?"

Li Mu smiled. "Left and right are fine. When the time comes, we'll buy a desk and a computer. When we have nothing to do, we can do some research. Nowadays, these things are gradually becoming inseparable from our lives. We can learn more when we're not reading."

Papa Lee said happily, "That's what I'm thinking. When the time comes, we'll not only buy a computer, but also buy more books. In recent years, I've been reading less and less books. Suddenly, I feel that it's time to take some time to read more books to enrich myself."

At this time, Li Ma walked in with a smile and said to the father and son, "I've talked to Xiao Song. They'll decorate the house simply first, and then we'll slowly think about how to decorate it. Our son won't be at home during this period, so we're not in a hurry to move in too early."

Papa Lee nodded. "It's still too early to talk about moving. Let's book the house first, and then we'll think about how to decorate it in the future."

Li Ma said with a smile, "We just said that we're going to make a study for you, and now you're showing off your idiom."

Li Mu said to his parents, "You look at the details again and think about how to decorate it. I'll go talk to Brother Song."

His parents went to the master bedroom. When Li Mu walked to the living room, Song Liang was in the living room alone. The sales girl had been sent away by him. Seeing Li Mu come over, Song Liang asked with a smile, "How is it? Are you satisfied with the house?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'm satisfied. I'm very satisfied. I'm so satisfied that I can't wait to buy a few more sets and even buy the rest for you. But on second thought, I feel sorry for you."

It was just a joke. Li Mu said seriously, "Brother Liang, thank you."