Chapter 464

Chen Ze and Xu Jiaming's plan was to first choke Chen Guanghua so hard that he couldn't breathe, make him panic, and make him feel like he was on the brink of death. Then, they would release the news and let him know the reason for all of this.

So, this was just the beginning. Even if Chen Guanghua used all his connections to find out who was behind this, he wouldn't be able to find out who was behind this. He didn't even think of Li Mu as the reason, because in his eyes, Li Mu was the founder of 3321. He was famous, but not so powerful.

Li Mu didn't know that Chen Guanghua had been taught such a terrible lesson. The next day, the Yanjing Film Academy released all the real scores. The school leaders personally went to Wang Xinran's house and gave her the final results of the art examination. They also apologized to her family of three, saying that it was all due to the poor management of the Film Academy. After the investigation, they would definitely give Wang Xinran a satisfactory explanation.

This time, Wang Xinran's parents calmly accepted the new results and the apology of the school leaders. After all, they weren't the main culprits. They were very clear about right and wrong.

At the same time, the school leaders who knew what had happened also assured the family that Chen Yueyue and more than twenty other students who had passed the art examination by changing their scores had all been invalidated by the Film Academy. They were also banned from applying for Yanjing Film Academy for life. Evil people suffered the consequences of their own actions.

Now that things had come to this, it was a perfect solution for Wang Xinran's family.

Li Mu also felt that this was almost enough. He had helped Wang Xinran get justice, and the arrogant Chen Yueyue would not be able to go to the Film Academy anymore. The two directors who were the culprits would also be put in jail.

As for Zhang Lan, Li Mu didn't want to lower himself to her level.

However, Li Mu didn't expect that someone was helping him deal with Zhang Lan, and even her husband, Chen Guanghua, and their family business.

After everything was settled, Su Yuehua once again suggested to Su Yingxue that Li Mu should have a meal. This time, Li Mu didn't refuse, so Su Yuehua booked a private room in a restaurant not far from the National People's Congress.

When Li Mu and Su Yingxue arrived, Su Yuehua's family of three had already arrived. As soon as they saw Li Mu, they immediately stood up. Su Yuehua gave Wang Shaohua a look, indicating for him to come and greet Li Mu. Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "Come, come, come, come, Li Mu, come sit, let's have a drink later."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Hello, Uncle and Auntie. I'm sorry to have kept you waiting."

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "We haven't been here for long. Come, look at the menu and order whatever you want to eat. Although the environment here is not as good as Fayue, the taste of the dishes is excellent. I ordered a grassland roast whole sheep, which is their specialty. The taste is very good."

Li Mu handed the menu to Su Yingxue next to him and let her order. Then he said to Wang Shaohua, "Listening to you, I'm drooling. I feel that I haven't eaten roast whole sheep for several years."

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "If you want to eat it another day, let's do it by ourselves. Yan Jing is two or three hundred kilometers northeast to the grassland. The roast whole sheep made by the local herdsmen are delicious. It's not the kind that is served in restaurants, but the whole sheep is killed and roasted over a bonfire. Roast layer by layer and eat layer by layer. The taste is amazing."

Li Mu's eyes lit up when he heard this. There were indeed a lot of fun places around Yan Jing, but he was busy all day and had no time to go out and relax.

Wang Xinran said, "Dad, I'm drooling because of what you said. When will you take me to eat there again?"

Wang Shaohua said, "The best season to go to the grassland is July and August. At that time, the grass on the grassland is the best and the scenery is the best. Now there are only barren hills. When the grass on the grassland is green, let's go and play together for two days."

Li Mu readily agreed. Su Yingxue had almost ordered the dishes. When she called the waiter, Wang Shaohua asked Li Mu, "Did you drive?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "We walked here."

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "That's OK. Waiter, give me a bottle of Wuliangye."

Li Mu said, "You still have to drive later, right?

How about some beer? "

Wang Shaohua waved his hand and said, "It's OK. Your auntie will drive later. If you can't drink too much, you take 40% and I'll take 60%."

When Li Mu heard this, he no longer refused. Half a liter of beer was not a problem for him, so he agreed.

Su Yuehua said, "I also want a bottle of beer."

Wang Shaohua said, "You still have to drive later."

Su Yuehua said, "It's OK. I'll split it with Xinran."

Wang Shaohua saw that she insisted, so he didn't stop her.

When the dishes were served, Li Mu rushed to pour the liquor for the two people. Su Yuehua poured a glass of beer for herself and her daughter. Then Wang Shaohua picked up the glass and said, "Li Mu, it's all thanks to you that Xinran can go to school this time. If it weren't for you, she would have suffered too much. As a father, I still feel sorry for her when I think about it. Our family would like to toast to you. Thank you for everything you have done for Xinran."

As soon as Wang Shaohua finished speaking, Su Yuehua also picked up the beer glass and said to Li Mu, "Your Uncle Wang spoke from the heart of our family. Our family is very grateful to you. If it weren't for your help, we don't even dare to think about the consequences that might have been contained in this matter in the future …"

Wang Xinran also picked up the glass and said, "Sister … Oh no, Brother Li Mu, I really don't know how to thank you. In short, I am very grateful to you …"

Li Mu didn't expect that this family of three seemed to have discussed it beforehand. He hurriedly stood up with the glass and said seriously, "This is what I should do. You don't have to be so polite. You're treating me like an outsider. This glass of wine is for you. Cheers first." After that, Li Mu drank the liquor in the small glass.

After the first glass of wine, the atmosphere at the dinner table was much more relaxed. The more Wang Shaohua looked at Li Mu, the more he liked him. He couldn't help but drink a few more glasses with him.

After three rounds of wine, Wang Shaohua and Li Mu chatted congenially. He asked a question that had always been curious in his heart, "Little Mu, is the monthly revenue of your 3321 now millions?"

Li Mu said, "A week. A few days ago, Dong Ai told me that after cooperating with 211 and 985 colleges all over the country, the monthly revenue is more than 10 million."

Hearing this number, Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua were both surprised. Wang Shaohua glanced at his wife and asked, "So much money has entered the account of 3321. Have you ever handled this money?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "No, I have. The commission money is directly deducted from the Alipay of the students' parents and part-time students. The money deducted is in the official Alipay account of 3321. In addition to various daily expenses, it is used for the student aid program. This money will not go into the private account, and the flow is clear."

Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua had been worried that Li Mu would not be able to control his desire for money because of his young age. If he touched the money of 3321, with his current reputation, they were afraid that it would bring him a lot of negative influence. Hearing that he had never handled the money of 3321, Wang Shaohua was a little relieved, but he couldn't help but ask him, "The Benz you drove that day, is it yours or a friend's?"

Li Mu said calmly, "It's mine."

Wang Shaohua was very surprised. He glanced at Su Yuehua and found that she was also shocked. The two of them had always thought that the Benz that Li Mu drove that day should be borrowed, because not only was the car worth more than two million, but the most important thing was that the license plate could not be bought with money. It was really a license plate of the Government Office. Even if Li Mu had money, he might not be able to get that license plate.

Wang Shaohua, who was shocked, couldn't help but ask, "Did you buy that car yourself or was it a gift?"

Li Mu said, "I bought the car with my own money, and my friend helped me get the license plate."

Su Yuehua asked subconsciously, "Little Mu, where did you get so much money?"

After that, Su Yuehua realized that her question was a little sensitive, so she hurriedly explained, "Don't get me wrong. I don't mean anything else. I'm just worried that you will be criticized in the future."

Li Mu smiled. He knew that he had to give an explanation to Su Yuehua, Wang Shaohua, and Su Yingxue. So he said, "Auntie, don't worry. I don't handle any of 3321's money, but the Alipay that 3321 uses belongs to my personal company. Now I'm just providing this payment channel to 3321's parents and part-time students for free."

Then, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "But I'm also working with other companies on this payment channel. For example, Shengda's' Legend of Mir 2 '. Their online card sales are connected to the Alipay channel, and now the Alipay channel accounts for 85% of their online sales. I have to take 10% of the money paid to Shengda through Alipay. Although most of their sales are concentrated in the offline channel, my gross monthly income is probably tens of millions."

“10%？”

Not only Wang Shaohua, but even Su Yuehua and Su Yingxue were shocked. They had heard of plucking the feathers from the geese, but that was just plucking the feathers from the geese. Li Mu was plucking the wings from the geese!

Wang Shaohua exclaimed, "How could Shengda agree to such a high percentage?

It's even worse than the bank fees! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Uncle, there's something wrong with your understanding. To Shengda, I'm not just a middleman who transfers money. If that's the case, a 1% fee is nothing. To Shengda, I'm not just a payment channel, but also a direct sales channel. Most of their traditional card sales rely on offline channels. The sales terminals have to settle in every internet cafe, every newspaper and magazine stand, every bookstore, stationery store, and so on. The cost is even higher. First, he has to go to these distributors one by one, right?

If he can't do it himself, he has to get the agents to do it for him. In this case, the agents and distributors will have to keep some of the profits. A 35 yuan card will leave him with 25 yuan in the end. But it's different with me. My Alipay has so many users, and the payment process is so simple and convenient. Users can buy a card directly through Alipay without any middle links. I only charge him 3.5 yuan. Tell me, which is more cost-effective for Shengda? "