Chapter 1530

After thanking Wendy Goldberg, Li Mu stayed in his room alone to rest.

Wang Yuanlang and the other two were arranged to stay next door, while Li Ziwei was not on the same floor as him.

While Li Mu was resting, all the guests in the Goldberg manor were inquiring about the location of Li Mu's room. Some people even took the initiative to look for it, but as soon as they entered the area where the Goldberg family lived, they would be stopped by the staff in black suits.

There were only two ways for outsiders to enter. First, they had to be invited by a member of the Goldberg family. Second, they had to be invited by the guests who lived there.

After dissuading a large number of people, the other eager guests also gave up on the idea. Instead, they pinned their hopes on the upcoming banquet.

At seven o 'clock in the evening, someone knocked on the door of Li Mu's room. Li Mu got up from his bed, opened the door, and found Wendy standing outside.

Perhaps it was because she was preparing for the banquet, Wendy had changed into a sapphire blue evening gown. Under the evening gown, her perfect curves were revealed everywhere. Her long golden hair was elegantly coiled at the back of her head, and on her fair neck was a sparkling diamond necklace. She was beautiful and elegant.

Many men looked at Scarlett Johansson and felt that this woman's appearance was above average, but her temperament was unique. She exuded a kind of wild sexiness, and it was easy for men to have primitive urges. However, Wendy Goldberg was obviously the best version of Scarlett. Although she was 80% similar to Scarlett, she was better than her in every aspect. Coupled with the elite temperament that she had cultivated, it was indeed eye-catching.

Wendy was an extremely confident woman. This was inseparable from the aristocratic upbringing that she had received since she was a child. This confidence was not reflected in pride or arrogance, but in the fact that she could show her best self at any time, in any situation, and in front of anyone. In contrast, although Anne Hathaway's appearance and temperament were not inferior to hers, in front of her, or in front of Li Mu, she only lacked this firm self-confidence.

"Mr Li, the banquet is about to start. Grandpa asked me to invite you down."

Li Mu gently nodded and said, "Wait a moment, I'll go put on my suit."

Wendy smiled sweetly and said, "Okay, I'll wait for you here."

Li Mu went to the cloakroom and changed his clothes. It was still the basic formal suit from today, a suit, a shirt, a tie, and leather shoes.

After changing his clothes, Li Mu walked to Wendy and said, "Miss Wendy, let's go."

Wendy nodded, but she did not move. Instead, she took out a neatly folded handkerchief from her handbag and stuffed it into the left front pocket of Li Mu's suit with both hands. She then tidied up the handkerchief perfectly.

"That's much better." Wendy winked at Li Mu and said, "Let's go."

As soon as the two went out, the door of the room next to them opened gently. Wang Yuanlang and the other two came out in formal suits and stood side by side against the wall. Li Mu greeted them, and the three directly followed him and Wendy out of the corridor.

Li Ziwei also came over at this time. Seeing Li Mu walking side by side with Wendy, she did not come up to talk to him. Instead, she took a notebook and silently followed behind Li Mu.

The banquet of the Goldberg family had been prepared for a long time. The banquet hall on the first floor was already very lively at this moment. The top black jazz band played exquisite pure instrumental music live, creating a perfect musical atmosphere for the scene.

More than two hundred guests had gathered in the banquet hall. The earliest of these had arrived three days ago, and they had been preparing for this banquet for a long time. All of them were dressed beautifully and looked extremely grand. It was said that the top fashion designers in France and Italy had been very busy this month, specially customizing the most fitting and most elegant clothes for some of these noble ladies and ladies.

Davidson was holding a glass of red wine and shuttling through the crowd with a smile on his face. Since the ancestors of the Goldberg family, this family had never held such a grand banquet. Almost all the top wealthy families in Europe were present. In the past few decades, no family had been able to do this. The only time they could do this was the birthday of the Queen of England. After all, the status of the British royal family in the entire European royal family was unparalleled.

At this time, Davidson had just finished a short greeting with the princes of the Dubai royal family and was about to chat with the members of the Saudi royal family, but he was suddenly stopped by someone. "Hey, Davidson, you look like you're going to run your legs off today, don't you?"

Davidson stopped and looked in the direction of the voice. Looking at the person who spoke, he shook his head and smiled helplessly. He stepped forward and said, "William, you're still so mean when you talk."

The person called William was a little old man about the same age as Davidson. He was the leader of the McMillan family, which was a big family in the United Kingdom that combined politics and business. In terms of net assets, it might not be as good as the Goldberg family, but in terms of comprehensive strength, the McMillan family was not inferior to the Goldberg family.

A total of four direct members of the McMillan family had come this time. In addition to William McMillan, there were also his two sons and the eldest grandson of the family.

William McMillan had been in power in the family for a long time and hadn't actually delegated power to his two sons for decades. However, now that he was old, he began to prepare to directly transfer power to his eldest grandson, George McMillan, who had also graduated from Cambridge University like Wendy Gauber.

Coincidentally, George McMillan had always had a soft spot for Wendy Gauber. William McMillan also wanted his favorite eldest grandson to marry Davidson's eldest granddaughter, so William had begun to communicate with Davidson about this a few years ago.

With the McMillan family's continuous progress in the United Kingdom and the European Union's political arena in recent years, Davidson had indeed regarded the McMillan family as the best home for Wendy for a long period of time.

However, things were different now.

The McMillan family was indeed very good, but in front of Li Mu, there was almost no comparison.

William McMillan had used his binoculars to watch all of Davidson's performance in front of Li Mu today. He had long known what he was planning, so he was in a particularly bad mood.

Davidson did not know that his every move today was being secretly watched by everyone. He said to William proudly, "Oh, I really didn't expect so many people to come to this year's party. I'm so anxious and exhausted!"

William snorted and said, "Exhaustion is fake. You're really elated. Look at how happy you are. You can't even close your mouth."

Davidson hurriedly touched his face and said with a smile, "Of course I'm happy, but I'm also really tired. I have to entertain so many people. I'm particularly worried that I'll neglect the guests."

William nodded perfunctorily and then said to him, "By the way, Davidson, George is about to have his 24th birthday, and Wendy is also 22 years old this year. Both children are of marriageable age. In my opinion, after you're done with this, why don't our two families start preparing for the marriage of the two children?"

After hearing this, Davidson's expression froze for a moment before he immediately returned to normal. He said with a smile, "William, let's not be too anxious about the children. Wendy told me some time ago that she wanted to go to Hua Xia to study as a graduate student. If she really goes there, it will take at least two to three years."

"Go to Hua Xia to study as a graduate student?"

William said disdainfully, "If I remember correctly, Cambridge is ranked fifth in the world this year. Hua Xia is the best university in the world, but it's not even in the top 200 in the world, right?

You want a top student who graduated from the world's fifth best university to go to a university that's not in the top 200 in the world to study as a graduate student?

That's simply ridiculous! "

Davidson said with a helpless smile, "William, this is the child's choice, not my choice. If it were me, of course, I would want her to stay in England, go to Cambridge or Oxford. It's very close to home, and she can often come back to see an old man like me. However, Wendy is my most beloved granddaughter. I can't interfere with her judgment, let alone influence her choice."

There was a hidden meaning in Davidson's words. On the surface, he said that he couldn't interfere with Wendy's choice of which university to study as a graduate student. In fact, what he really wanted to say was that how Wendy chose her boyfriend or how she chose her own marriage had nothing to do with him.

In fact, everyone knew very well that the children born in big families, as long as they became talented, were all, without exception, restrained by the family, and worked hard to be the family's puppet. Those children who were given great freedom from an early age were often abandoned and exiled from an early age.

Wendy was one of the best of the young generation of British aristocratic children. Needless to say, she must have been restricted, interfered with, and disciplined since she was a child. It was absolutely impossible for Davidson to let Wendy freely choose such a big thing as a graduate student. The only possibility was that Wendy was preparing to go to Hua Xia to study as a graduate student. In fact, he was adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes.

Combined with what he had seen through the telescope and Davidson's flattering appearance in front of Li Mu, William's expression suddenly turned cold. He had already determined Davidson's intentions. This guy now looked down on his eldest grandson, George!

Davidson saw some changes in William's eyes and expression. He looked up and saw that Bill Gates had just appeared in the banquet hall. He hurriedly said to the McMillan family, "Excuse me, gentlemen. My good friend is here. I'll go entertain him."

With that, before the McMillan family could react, Davidson had already slipped away.

Bill Gates had just walked into the banquet hall at this moment. As the richest man in the world, his appearance still attracted a lot of attention. Many people who knew him, were familiar with him, or had never seen him at all took the initiative to greet him, making him a little tired for a while.

Davidson quickly walked up to Bill Gates and said with a smile, "Bill, why are you down so late?"

Bill Gates pushed up his glasses and said with a smile, "There's something going on at the company. We're going to launch a whole set of new products soon. This set of products is the top priority of our company in the next stage. It's very meaningful. Fortunately, my colleagues in the company are very outstanding and didn't make any mistakes. Otherwise, I'm afraid I'll have to spend the night in my room watching the computer."

Because Davidson had a deep relationship with HSBC Holdings and Sequoia Capital, both of which were well-known capitals in the Internet field, he knew more about the Internet industry than the average traditional European tycoon, so he asked Bill Gates in surprise, "Why is such an important thing happening today?

Why not wait a few days until you go back? "

A hint of excitement flashed across Bill Gates's face. "Today is the best time to launch this set of products."