Chapter 1712

"Producing pirated goods?!"

Wang Zhongyun was in disbelief when he heard the accusation.

"Officer, I'm innocent!

Did you make a mistake?

When did I produce pirated goods? "

Wang Zhongyun never thought that making a sticker could be illegal. He just felt that everyone was doing this kind of thing. Whoever did it would earn money. Moreover, he was just using some photos of celebrities or cartoon characters. What was so illegal about it?

Those celebrities made so much money a year. What was wrong with hitching a ride on them to earn some money?

What was the problem?

Moreover, there were so many things with celebrities' photos on them. No one had ever said that it was illegal, and no one had ever been arrested by the police. Why did he have to be arrested by the police?

The police immediately reprimanded him, "Don't complain to me. You produce hundreds of thousands of stickers a day. Don't you know that?"

Wang Zhongyun hurriedly said, "Officer, I'm innocent!

I'm even more innocent than Dou E. I've never produced stickers. I'm just a middleman who sells raw materials. "

"Don't play dumb with me!" The police scolded, "You have a total of five sticker factories. Do you think we don't know?

Before we arrested you, we already investigated everything. "

Wang Zhongyun was so scared that his whole body trembled.

The police had already investigated the five factories?

Could it be that bastard Sun Zhongbu had told the police about his situation?

However, he had only produced some inconspicuous stickers. Was there a need to arrest him?

What crime did he commit?

Wang Zhongyun was even more puzzled.

As far as he knew, the only place he had broken the law was tax evasion.

Since he had opened his factory, he had never registered a company, so he had never paid a single cent of tax. Someone had told him that if the tax authorities found out about him, they might pursue him for all the taxes he had owed, or he might be sentenced to a few years in prison. He was more or less worried. After all, a famous actress had been arrested for tax evasion two years ago.

Because he was worried about being investigated, Wang Zhongyun had spread out his factories. He didn't dare to do it on a large scale. Once the scale was large, the small factories would not be able to hide, and it would be easy to be targeted by the industrial and commercial tax authorities.

If they found out that their factory was not registered and had no qualifications, they would be in big trouble.

However, it was very safe to hide it in the workshop. There were thousands of such workshops in the whole of Yiwu, and he had never heard of any of them being investigated.

However, Wang Zhongyun couldn't understand. They had always been peaceful. Why did he have to be captured today?

Moreover, he had also heard that when someone was arrested for tax evasion, it was usually the business and tax authorities who would investigate first. It would not be like arresting a murderer, where the public security organ would directly tie him up, right?

Several policemen had already escorted Wang Zhongyun out of Sun Zhongbu's villa.

Two police cars suddenly appeared out of nowhere. A few policemen stuffed him into the back of one of the police cars. Two policemen escorted him to the left and right of the police car, and they quickly rushed to the Public Security Bureau.

Sitting in the police car, Wang Zhongyun became more and more anxious. He couldn't help but ask a police officer beside him, "Leader, is there a problem with the stickers I made?

Those were things for children to play with. What was the big deal?

Is there a need to capture me? "

The police officer glanced at him and asked, "What kind of stickers are you producing?"

Wang Zhongyun hurriedly said, "They are stickers. The kind of color printed stickers that are covered with a film."

The police officer said coldly, "I didn't ask you about the production process. I asked what you printed on the stickers."

Wang Zhongyun said, "Isn't it just the posters of a few celebrities, and that bear that has been very popular on the internet recently? The panda bear."

The police officer asked him, "How many panda bear stickers do you produce in a day?"

Wang Zhongyun said, "The panda bear is selling well, so I have been mainly producing it recently. It's just an animated image, how big of a sin can it be?"

The police officer sneered and said, "It's a big sin. Did you ask the copyright company for permission to produce the panda bear stickers?"

Wang Zhongyun said, "Isn't it just a picture? Why would I need permission?"

The police officer asked him back, "Then if someone printed your picture on a sticker and sold it everywhere, would you be happy?"

Wang Zhongyun was a little speechless. After a while, he said, "I'm just an ordinary person. Who would use me as a sticker? Even if someone did, no one would buy it!"

The police officer asked again, "What if it was your son or your daughter?

What if someone printed your son or daughter on a sticker and sold it? "

Wang Zhongyun was speechless this time.

The police officer said again, "You used someone else's copyright to make money without the permission of the copyright owner. This in itself is an infringement, and your illegal gains are huge. This is a violation of the law."

Wang Zhongyun immediately put on a long face and said, "The police informed me that everyone is making panda bear stickers. I'm not the only one making panda bear stickers in Yiwu. As far as I know, there are more than ten companies that produce panda bear stickers, and there are so many that print panda bears on other products. I'm not the only one who's infringing rights."

The police officer said, "Don't worry, in the future, if your peers and friends infringe the panda bear copyright, we will not let any of them go. If you want to redeem yourself, when you get to the station, make a list of all the people you can think of who infringed the panda bear copyright. If you catch one, it will be considered a meritorious service. If you catch more, you can also fight for a lighter sentence in the future."

…

When Wang Zhongyun was brought to the district police station, the entire hall on the first floor of the district police station was already full of people.

All the police officers were busy, and there were all kinds of suspects in handcuffs being brought in and out of various interrogation rooms and detention rooms.

When Wang Zhongyun was brought in by two police officers, he felt like he was in the waiting hall of a train station. When he looked carefully, he found that many acquaintances had been arrested like him.

Someone saw Wang Zhongyun and greeted him with a sad face, "Old Wang, you're here too …"

Wang Zhongyun nodded in panic and embarrassment. He wanted to say something, but he was already taken into the detention room by the police.

After temporarily confiscating his mobile phone and other personal belongings, the police sent Wang Zhongyun to one of the detention rooms.

The detention room was even more crowded. There were more than twenty suspects in the small room, and Wang Zhongyun was very familiar with at least half of them.

He had basically seen these people in the small commodity market. Some were wholesalers, and some were suppliers.

After the police put him in the detention room, they said, "Stay here and reflect on the problem. Also, think about the clues that can make you meritorious service. Don't cause any trouble. When the interrogation room is empty, I will bring you back to record your statement."

Wang Zhongyun was so scared that his face turned pale.

After the police left, someone immediately recognized him and said, "Oh, you're Old Wang from Dry Stickers, right?"

Wang Zhongyun said, "Just call me Old Wang. Don't call me that."

The other person said, "You still care about that at this time?

Do you know what's going on? "

Wang Zhongyun hurriedly asked, "What's going on?

I was just about to ask you, how did you get arrested by the police?

What did you do? "

The other person said, "It's all about the panda bear. My factory produced a batch of panda bear school bags. It was only two days before the police arrested me."

When Wang Zhongyun heard that it was panda bears again, he immediately asked, "What the hell is going on?

Is it illegal for us to make panda bears? "

"Do you still need to ask?"

A middle-aged man interrupted, "Now, Makino Technology is personally cooperating with the local public security organ, the industrial and commercial tax authorities to crack down on infringement. They're very strong. I only sold a few hundred panda bear pencil boxes, and they've already arrested me."

As he spoke, the man asked Wang Zhongyun, "Old Wang, the amount of money involved in this case is at least a few hundred thousand, right?"

Before Wang Zhongyun could speak, someone else chimed in, "Old Wang, you have to produce more than a hundred thousand stickers a day. Based on the retail price of one yuan, that's really more than a few hundred thousand to a million."

"F * ck!"

Someone sighed and said, "Old Wang, you're in trouble this time. I guess you'll be in jail for at least five or six years."

"What?!" Wang Zhongyun exclaimed and said, "I only produced a few stickers, and they can sentence me to five or six years?"

The man said with a smile, "Five or six years is already a light sentence. You have a large number of products, and the amount of money involved is also large. They'll definitely give you a particularly large amount of money involved, and the impact is particularly bad. It's not surprising that you'll be sentenced to eight or ten years."

"Why?!" Wang Zhongyun blurted out anxiously, "Why should I be sentenced to eight or ten years?"

The man said, "Because the boss of Makino Technology is Li Mu. I heard that this time, Li Mu took out hundreds of millions of yuan as a rights protection fund, specifically to fight the lawsuit. At that time, not only will the prosecution be prosecuted, but Makino Technology will also file a civil lawsuit, asking for compensation, and it's very likely that all illegal gains will be confiscated."

When Wang Zhongyun heard this, he was about to collapse. He looked at the people around him in despair, hoping that someone could tell him that what the man said just now was just an alarmist.

However, at this time, someone said, "Old Wang, your sticker business is very famous in the small commodity market. Everyone knows that you've earned millions by relying on stickers. Not only are you pirating, but you also operate without a license and evade taxes. Now, I don't know how many people want to report you for meritorious service. You really have to be careful this time."

The man just now also said, "Old Wang, a tall tree attracts the wind. I'm afraid you're in trouble this time."

As he said that, he sighed with a face full of relief, "Fortunately, I only sold some key rings. I only sold a thousand in total, and the amount of money involved was not even five thousand. I guess I'll just be detained for two days and fined some money."

Wang Zhongyun only had one thought now. He hoped that his wife and child could run away quickly, as far as possible.

However, he did not know if his wife could receive the news. If she could not, it would be really troublesome …