Chapter 14

The post-college entrance examination score estimation was a rough estimate of the student's score based on the standard answers.

This kind of estimation was more accurate for science subjects, but it was slightly worse for liberal arts subjects. For science students like Li Mu, the biggest deviation in the estimation was Chinese, followed by English.

There were no standard answers for reading comprehension and essay questions in Chinese, so it was very difficult to estimate. On the other hand, most of the English questions were multiple choice questions, so it was relatively easy to estimate the score. The deviation was usually in the essay questions, but the essay questions had a total of 25 points, so the deviation would not be too big.

Li Mu's Chinese, Mathematics, and Science comprehensive scores did not need to be estimated at all. He could not remember how he answered the questions back then, but he clearly knew that he had scored a total of 486 points in those three subjects. So he stayed up all morning, completely ignoring the other teachers' explanations, just waiting for the final English paper to be estimated.

At 11 o 'clock, the English teacher walked in and anxiously led everyone through the correct answers.

Li Mu did not forget any of the questions and choices he had made during the English test that day. So after the English teacher announced the correct answers, he began to check them in his heart seriously.

The more he checked, the more excited Li Mu became.

Listening comprehension questions, all correct!

Single-choice questions, all correct!

Cloze, reading comprehension, and correcting errors, all correct!

In other words, excluding the essay questions, Li Mu's English had already scored 125 points!

This perfect score even surprised Li Mu himself.

He did not dare to be too optimistic before. He estimated that he could probably score 120-130 points, but now it seemed that he could score 140 points at the very least in English!

In his essay, he had used the official slogan of "One World, One Dream" in advance. This question was supposed to be 25 points, so he should be able to get at least 15 points!

In his excitement, Li Mu did a simple arithmetic question.

486 + 140 = 626 points.

What was the concept of 626 points? According to Nansu Province's cutoff score, 626 points was a proper key university. It could pass any university's cutoff score. However, it was still a bit difficult to get into top universities like Yanjing University, Tsinghua University, Fudan University, and Renmin University.

However, Li Mu had a very important piece of information in his mind. During his College Entrance Examination, because the students generally did not perform well in English, the cutoff score was the lowest in years. In addition, the students were cautious when applying, so the number of applicants for top universities was the lowest in years.

Li Mu did not know what was going on at Yanjing University and Tsinghua University this year, but he knew that Su Yingxue always wanted to go to Renmin University, so he paid special attention to Renmin University.

This year, Renmin University's provincial science admission score was lower than in previous years. It was 615 points, and because the candidates were very cautious in filling in their application forms, Renmin University would definitely be admitted as long as they passed the minimum score.

If he could get 626 points, it would not be a problem for him to apply to Renmin University. In that case, he might as well apply to Renmin University. It just so happened that he was also leaning towards Yanjing University.

Su Yingxue went to the National People's Congress School of Economics, majoring in economics. This major was one of the popular majors in the National People's Congress. Li Mu might not be able to get into the popular major with his score, but it did not matter. As long as he followed the major adjustment, the National People's Congress would always have a major that would accept him.

For a super bug like Li Mu, whose brain was full of shocking golden fingers, the most important thing was which major to study. Even if he was asked to study philosophy, Li Mu would not have any objections.

After making up his mind, Li Mu decided in his heart that his first choice would be to apply for the National People's Congress School of Economics. Maybe he would be lucky enough to be in the same department as Su Yingxue. The next departments would be finance, international law, and social psychology. When the time came, he could choose to follow the major adjustment.

The whole class thought that Li Mu's intention to apply for the National People's Congress School of Economics was just a joke, but no one knew that the moment the English score evaluation ended, he had already made up his mind.

After the score evaluation, everyone still had a few days to think about their choice. The students began to whisper to each other and asked each other about their preferences.

Lu Gengyu, the class monitor, walked to the podium and said loudly, "Students, since we have to come to school to submit our choice next Monday afternoon, let's have a class reunion on Monday night as a farewell dinner. What do you think?"

A group of high school students had never left Haizhou to live in other places, so they had never had a class reunion. However, when they thought that everyone would soon go their separate ways, many students immediately agreed enthusiastically.

In fact, the feeling of parting in the third year of high school had started two months ago. Everyone had bought various kinds of class records and asked other students to write some blessings for them. However, Li Mu, who had been reborn, did not catch up.

The nervousness of the college entrance examination made the fifty or so people in the class temporarily forget about the impending parting. However, as soon as the class leader said "farewell meal", the sadness of parting between the youths instantly gushed out as if a floodgate had been opened.

Some girls had already hugged their friends and cried silently. When the boys thought that they were going to go their separate ways, their eyes couldn't help turning red. Only Li Mu, who was in his thirties, had experienced too many parting, so he didn't feel the sadness of graduating from high school very much.

On the contrary, he could not wait for the upcoming university life. For him, only when he arrived at Yanjing would he really start to realize his ambition.

At this time, the class monitor suggested that everyone should pay 50 yuan for the meal and singing. No one had any objections. Then, the class monitor began to count the names of those who were willing to participate in the party. When it came to Li Mu, almost 40 of the 50 people in the class had signed their names on the list.

Li Mu took a look at the list and saw that Su Yingxue had also written her name. He immediately signed his name.

Then, Li Mu left the school in a hurry with the application form. His parents were both at work, so he did not go home. He just called the Xiling Coal Mine's switchboard at the school gate. One was to pick up his mother's work, and the other was to pick up his father's work, the survey team.

Over the phone, Li Mu calmly told his parents about his estimated score.

Between 626 and 630, Li Mu was not confident that he could get full marks for his English composition, so he was a little more cautious. Objectively speaking, his highest theoretical score was 150 for English. His total score was 636, so the chances were not too slim. It all depended on whether the teacher who reviewed the paper was ahead of the times.

However, even this cautious estimate still completely shocked his parents. They had tried to imitate Li Mu many times in the third year of high school, but they could not even get 600 points. This score was something they did not even dare to dream of.

His parents repeatedly asked him if he was joking. When Li Mu said that he was 90% confident, his mother cried tears of joy. His father was silent for a while and only said one sentence, "Let's go home for dinner tonight, let's have a drink."

At first, Li Mu did not feel that the score was very shocking, but when he felt the excitement of his parents, his heart was also filled with emotion.

If he really got into Renmin University, not only would it change his life, but it would also give his parents a joy that would last for years.

In the next four years, no matter what they were doing, as long as they thought of their son studying in one of the top five universities in Hua Xia, they would probably laugh out loud.

After paying the phone bill, Li Mu walked out of the phone booth and bought a bottle of iced Coke from the cold drinks stand at the entrance.

The scorching noon sun was so hot that it was hard to open one's eyes. A mouthful of ice-cold cola was refreshing. During his high school days, being able to buy a bottle of iced drink and sit in an air-conditioned internet cafe for an afternoon with ten yuan in his pocket should have been the happiest thing in the world.

Li Mu smiled and shook his head. The current him was not something that could be satisfied with Coke and internet cafes.

Many students around him had already started to walk out. Only Li Mu stood still at the entrance of his alma mater and looked around seriously.

Everything around him was still so familiar. The stationery shop called Morning Light, the small restaurant called Sanyuan Stir-fried Vegetables, the violin shop that only made noise every day. Everything was the same as in his previous life, nothing had changed. Only he had started to change the trajectory of his life. His university matters had been settled!

In the next two months, all he had to do was make money!

Make money, the overlord of the stoneware industry!