Chapter 976

While Li Mu was thinking about the so-called national business card, Zhao Xianliang said to Li Mu, "The reason why I'm suggesting that you increase your overseas exposure is that, on one hand, I really hope that you can increase your reputation and influence overseas. On the other hand, I hope that you can learn the so-called 'export to domestic sales'."

Li Mu asked him, "Export to domestic sales?

What do you mean? "

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "The people are more inclined to buy products from developed countries. At the same time, they are more concerned about the recognition of the overseas media. If you export your influence overseas and can create a certain amount of influence overseas, then when your influence overseas is transferred back to the country, it will attract even more attention in the country. This is called export to domestic sales."

Then, Zhao Xianliang added, "You are now the most suitable to export to domestic sales. Now that the overseas attention on you is getting higher and higher, the national media is also paying attention to your movements. Once you can open up the market in the Haiwa market and bring back good news, you will definitely be able to create a greater influence in the country. The greater the influence, the more attention the country and the people will pay to you. Correspondingly, your foundation in the domestic market will become stronger and stronger. The benefits will be endless!"

While Zhao Xianliang's suggestion made Li Mu feel enlightened, he also felt a sense of déjà vu.

In general, Zhao Xianliang's suggestion was to promote himself to the greatest extent.

In order to become the national business card in the world, first of all, he had to promote himself to the position with the highest exposure. The higher the exposure, the higher the overseas attention. Even if he was not the national business card, he would naturally become the national business card, or be mistaken for the national business card.

The reason why Li Mu felt a sense of déjà vu was because in his previous life, Boss Ma was a model example of a person who spared no effort to promote himself.

To make an objective evaluation, Boss Ma was definitely one of the big shots in the domestic business industry, the one who had the highest appearance rate in the domestic media.

Under the structure of BTA, other than Boss Ma who appeared in all the major media all over the world every day, the other two founders were relatively low-key. In fact, they were so low-key that it was unbelievable.

After WeChat videos became popular, there were at least hundreds of videos related to Boss Ma in WeChat Moments. Some of them were his public speeches at certain places, some were his private speeches at certain occasions, and some were even clips of his meetings at the company, clips of him chatting with people at the dinner table, and even clips of him singing.

In comparison, it was basically impossible to find similar videos of the founders of the other two major companies.

What surprised Li Mu the most were the videos of Boss Ma with many celebrities. One of them left a deep impression on Li Mu. Boss Ma was in a room that looked like a living room. He was sitting on the main seat with his legs crossed. He was surrounded by more than a dozen entertainment stars in the film, television, and music fields. His status was very noble …

Compared to him, even Lei Jianguo, who often talked nonsense on social media, was considered to be extremely low-key. After all, he rarely released any irrelevant information. Most of the time, he was promoting his own products. This was understandable.

Sometimes, Li Mu had an illusion that Boss Ma alone was responsible for half of the exposure of all the internet bosses in Hua Xia. A business boss loved to be in the limelight so much. Why did he do that?

It was only today that Li Mu seemed to understand it under Zhao Xianliang's guidance. It seemed that the reason why Boss Ma was so eager to be in the limelight in his previous life was because he wanted to be a national business card!

In Boss Ma's previous life, he had basically achieved this through all kinds of speeches, all kinds of exposure, and all kinds of publicity. Although no one had ever used the concept of a national business card on him, now it seemed that it was almost like that.

One had to admit that there were indeed many benefits to being a national business card. The most important was the golden body!

Once a person became a national business card and received attention from all over the world, then this person no longer represented himself or his company. He represented the entire industry of Hua Xia, and even the entire business field of Hua Xia. Needless to say, the image would naturally be very high.

Other than that, the most important benefit after the golden body was formed was that it could bring benefits. Li Mu created a philanthropist's golden body on 3321. Although it didn't bring any economic benefits, he personally gained a very good reputation in front of the government, the media, and the people. As a result, the media's attitude towards him was very good. They never reported any negative news about him. The government had always been very appreciative of his 3321. Even the school wanted to bask in the glory of 3321. This brought a lot of convenience to Li Mu.

For someone like Boss Ma, who created a golden body in the business field, the economic benefits were too great. He created himself as an internet entrepreneur in Hua Xia, and even the entire Hua Xia's entrepreneur model. For the sake of the overseas image, the government would definitely give more support to the national business card. This would allow him to grow faster, and make him more in line with the identity of the national business card. After all, he represented the country's image in the business field, and it couldn't be sloppy.

In Boss Ma's previous life, all kinds of strategies were in full bloom. The reason why it went so smoothly was probably because of the identity of the "national business card".

At first, Li Mu was more or less interested in becoming the "national business card". However, when he thought of Boss Ma's frequent exposure in his previous life, he more or less rejected it.

Li Mu felt that he and Boss Ma weren't the same kind of people. First of all, he felt that compared to Boss Ma, he was more principled and more sincere.

He didn't want to deliberately do some unreal packaging and publicity for his own personal benefit or reputation. He also didn't want to throw out some sensational argument to cause public discussion. However, according to Zhao Xianliang, if he wanted to become the national business card, the first step was to increase his exposure to the world's media.

Zhao Xianliang saw that Li Mu's expression was a little strange. He couldn't help but ask him, "What's wrong?

What are you worried about? "

Li Mu said a little awkwardly, "Uncle Zhao, I think maybe my personality isn't suitable for frequent public appearances and excessive packaging. Also, using excessive packaging in exchange for more resources and convenience won't last long."

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "No one asked you to over-package yourself. With your current achievements, status in the entire Hua Xia Internet industry, and the evaluation of you by the overseas media, I think you don't need to over-package yourself. As long as you frequently appear in the eyes of the public with your true colors, it will be enough to attract the public's attention. People who don't have enough stories need to be over-packaged. Those who have a lot of stories, even if it's just a look, can make people feel touched."

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang continued, "Right now, you're already the idol of the majority of young people and even middle-aged people, so you have the burden of a role model on your shoulders. Just like what you said about positive energy, positive energy is a good thing, but many people can't synthesize positive energy on their own. In this case, you need a role model like you to spread and export your values through the major media, both at home and abroad. Over time, when your values start to be adopted by more and more people, you won't just be the national business card, you'll also be the god of this industry."

"A god not only needs to enjoy more excellent resources, but also a strong role model. If you can become a real national business card in the overseas market, the development of the domestic Internet industry will usher in a new peak. Don't you dream of revitalizing the Internet industry?

This is a good opportunity.

Zhao Xianliang's words made Li Mu understand a lot in his heart. He thought of Boss Ma and remembered that Boss Ma had tried this before. He subconsciously felt conflicted, but after thinking about it carefully, he realized that there was still a big difference between him and Boss Ma.

First of all, he had a super product like YY that was recognized by elites all over the world, which created the highest level of the Internet in Hua Xia.

Second, he had never sold fake goods, and he didn't accumulate the original sin of being condemned by thousands of people.

Third, he would not make false publicity, deliberately flaunt himself, or deliberately boast about himself.

In this case, why should he consider himself in the same order as Boss Ma?

Seeing that Li Mu's expression had softened, Zhao Xianliang quickly struck while the iron was hot. "I think you should quickly focus most of your attention on Makino Technology. This is the best carrier for you to become the national business card!"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In contrast, Makino Technology has the potential to become a real world-class Internet company."

Zhao Xianliang asked him, "Are you tearing Makino Technology apart for the following financing?"

"Just one aspect."

Li Mu said, "Recently, I feel that a large part of the charm of doing an Internet company comes from the division and integration of the company. I am now splitting Makino Technology into several subsidiaries, with independent capital, shared resources, and incubated separately. Not only can I reduce potential losses in terms of financing, but I can also incubate other new products and new businesses under each subsidiary. This is to prepare for the future listing."

"Once we are going to be listed in the future, all the independent subsidiaries will have to do capital integration. The process of integration of multiple companies is actually a process of one plus one is greater than two. First, we will separate them for development and then integrate them together. There will be more room for premium market value."

"When the capital level is integrated and the listing is successful, then we will split it into multiple business groups according to the different businesses. The group framework and the corresponding network will be formed."