Chapter 1205

In Dong Ai's eyes, she always felt that Lawrence had always been defending and favoring James Keane, and the more she thought so, the more she wanted to complain to Li Mu.

This was also where Lawrence, the old fox, was at his wit's end. He couldn't afford to offend James Keane, so he could only indulge James Keane on the surface. However, deep down in his heart, he hated James Keane even more than Dong Ai, so he used this superficial method of defending James Keane to aggravate the dissatisfaction in Dong Ai's heart. And he was very clear that 80% of Dong Ai's dissatisfaction was placed on James Keane.

As the saying goes, every debt has a debtor. Lawrence firmly believed that as long as Dong Ai couldn't stand James Keane and couldn't get any solution from him, she would definitely look for Li Mu.

As for Dong Ai's assumption, Lawrence guessed everything correctly.

At this moment, in the reception room prepared by the leaders of Harvard, Li Mu heard a lot of her dissatisfaction with James Keane from Dong Ai's mouth.

For example, James Keane had been meddling in everyone's work, trying to control the overall situation, and even raising various dissatisfaction and opinions with the work of Dong Ai's team;

For example, in order to show his influence, James Keane often deliberately disagreed with Dong Ai's team. Once Dong Ai's team raised an objection, he immediately instructed all the staff to stop supporting and cooperating with Dong Ai's team, leaving Dong Ai's team isolated;

Another example, James Keane claimed that he was the general manager of the 3321 USA website, and had been emphasizing that the 3321 USA website was not a branch of Hua Xia 3321, and that it only borrowed the model of Hua Xia 3321. In the future, all the operations would be handled by him, which was basically equivalent to denying the 3321 USA website's affiliation to 3321;

In addition, James Keane's attitude towards Dong Ai was also very contemptuous. When Dong Ai had disputes with him many times, he clamored that Dong Ai was only a member of 3321's staff, and that all she had to do was to cooperate with him to build the 3321 USA website. If Dong Ai refused to cooperate, then he would tell Dong Ai's team to go back to Hua Xia.

The most outrageous thing was that James Keane suddenly had an idea two days ago. He asked the 3321 USA website to use its main domain name, but to re-register a new domain name called "".

Leaving the 3321 main domain name was equivalent to leaving the 3321 camp, and also completely out of 3321's control. Dong Ai had raised a stern protest against this, but James Keane still went his own way. Not only did he privately register the 3321 USA domain name, but he also repeatedly said that when the 3321 USA website was doing domain name analysis before going online, he would definitely map the domain name to the server. At worst, he would just have to go to court with 3321, but it didn't matter. The Keane family had the financial, material, and manpower, and they would definitely be able to legalize 3321 USA.

When Li Mu heard this, he was already very anxious. He directly questioned Dong Ai, "Why didn't you tell me such a serious thing happened?"

Dong Ai said with some shame, "I thought you were so busy now, I didn't want to cause you trouble unless it was absolutely necessary."

Li Mu frowned and asked her, "The 3321 USA website is about to be built, and then it will leave the 3321 system and operate independently. Isn't this the last resort?"

Dong Ai lowered her eyelids, "I have been protesting with Lawrence, hoping to solve this problem by pressuring him."

Li Mu asked, "Did you succeed?"

Dong Ai shook her head, "Lawrence just kept smoothing things over. Every time I asked him to replace James Keane, he told me that he would seriously consider it, but then there was no more."

As she said this, Dong Ai said with a face full of shame, "I'm sorry, the whole thing is my fault. I always wanted to solve it by myself, but I didn't expect it to develop to this point step by step. When James Keane registered the new domain name, I decided to report the situation to you and ask for your help. I just heard that you were coming today, so I thought I would wait for you to arrive and report to you face to face …"

Li Mu said to Dong Ai with a gloomy face, "At first, I let you be the actual person in charge of 3321 because I believed in your ability to lead 3321 to go further. But today, I have great doubts about your ability!"

Li Mu had never used such a harsh attitude and tone to Dong Ai. As soon as these words came out, Dong Ai wanted to dig a hole and hide in it. She knew that she had betrayed Li Mu's trust, so she didn't have any conflict or dissatisfaction with Li Mu's words in her heart. The only feeling she felt was shame.

"I'm sorry, Li Zong. All the responsibility is on me. I was indecisive and overestimated my ability …"

Speaking of this, Dong Ai's eyes turned red, and she almost cried.

Li Mu naturally saw Dong Ai's performance, but he didn't have any tenderness for the fairer sex. Instead, he looked at Dong Ai and said in a reprimanding tone, "You have to remember clearly that since I put you in charge of 3321, you are the highest person in charge of 3321. Whether it is the Hua Xia 3321 that we have been operating, or the US 3321 that is now cooperating with Harvard, or even the 3321 that will cooperate with other countries in the world in the future, as long as it is 3321, you are the highest person in charge. In this system, you are the highest commander!

Except for me, don't listen to anyone's orders, don't worry about anyone's identity, and don't be afraid!

Whether it is Lawrence or that James Keane! "

Dong Ai was reprimanded by Li Mu. Although Li Mu's tone and attitude were particularly harsh, Dong Ai was very moved.

She knew that Li Mu was indeed very disappointed in her, but Li Mu wasn't completely disappointed in her. Although his words were reprimanding her, he was also supporting her. In his words just now, he had already given her an imperial sword. With this imperial sword, whether it was James Keane or Lawrence, she could kill them all!

So, Dong Ai immediately said solemnly, "Li Zong, I will solve this problem today!"

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction, and his sullen mood was slightly restrained.

Although he reprimanded Dong Ai, Li Mu was also very clear that he also had some responsibility for Dong Ai being so passive now. If he had made it clear who would be the highest person in charge of this project, perhaps such a problem wouldn't have happened today. It was precisely because the role was unclear and the function was unclear that Dong Ai was put in this dilemma.

Now, he had given the highest command, the imperial sword, to Dong Ai. Next, it was up to Dong Ai to use it well.

Dong Ai also said at this time, "Li Zong, I will communicate with Lawrence later. Within today, I will pull him and James Keane out to sit together and solve this matter thoroughly!"

Li Mu frowned slightly, and his mind suddenly thought of something not quite right.

Dong Ai saw Li Mu frown and thought that her guarantee had made Li Mu dissatisfied. She was about to ask when Li Mu suddenly stood up with a gloomy face and said to Dong Ai, "Let's go, let's go back."

Dong Ai was confused. Li Mu had already pushed open the door and went straight to the big conference room where Lawrence and the others were, so Dong Ai could only hurry to follow.

When Li Mu pushed open the door of the conference room, Lawrence caught a glimpse of Li Mu's livid expression, and his heart was agitated.

One could tell from Li Mu's expression that he was very angry right now. He didn't need to think to guess that Dong Ai must have reported James Keane's situation to Li Mu. Now, Li Mu was probably going to directly make things difficult for James Keane?

Lawrence was thinking this when he saw Li Mu walk towards him with a gloomy face. He wasn't worried at all, because he firmly believed that even if Li Mu came to make things difficult for him, he could still direct all the conflict onto James Keane. This method of killing with a borrowed knife had been brewing in his mind many times.

Lawrence was actually looking forward to Li Mu's eruption at this moment. The more angry Li Mu was, the less likely it was that James Keane would stay on Project 3321.

At this moment, Li Mu walked in front of Lawrence, and the first sentence he spoke made all of Lawrence's expectations vanish in an instant.

Li Mu glared at Lawrence and angrily rebuked him word by word in Chinese, "Lawrence, about the American station of Project 3321, if you and Harvard have the ability, then do it well for me. If not, I will withdraw the entire team today and never cooperate with Harvard again!"

Lawrence, who didn't understand Chinese, was confused. In the entire conference room, apart from Li Mu's people, only Xie Huairu heard it clearly.

When Xie Huairu heard this, he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart. He actually didn't want to cooperate with Lawrence to set up a trap for his future son-in-law and let Lawrence successfully kill with a borrowed knife. On the contrary, he hoped that Li Mu could see through Lawrence's scheme and not be used by Lawrence as a tool.

Seeing Li Mu come over with a livid face, Xie Huairu was afraid that Li Mu would ask Lawrence about James Keane as soon as he opened his mouth. This was because once Li Mu mentioned James Keane, he would fall into Lawrence's trap. Lawrence could immediately turn around and tell the Keane family that Li Mu had a strong opinion of James Keane, and then use Li Mu's name to kick James Keane out.

Unexpectedly, Li Mu directly attacked Lawrence as soon as he opened his mouth. He didn't mention a single word about James Keane.

Xie Huairu couldn't help but sigh in his heart. This kid was really too smart. Even an old fox like Lawrence couldn't deceive him.

At this moment, Lawrence looked at Li Mu with a blank face and said pitifully, "Li, you know I don't understand Chinese …"

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu immediately turned his head to look at Xie Huairu and said to him expressionlessly, "You translate for me."

Xie Huairu had no choice but to translate Li Mu's words to Lawrence, only omitting Li Mu's "mood particles."

When Lawrence heard that Li Mu was directly targeting him, he hurriedly said, "Li, you've really misunderstood me. This matter isn't because of me. It's because of someone named …"

Li Mu didn't have the time to listen to Lawrence's nonsense. He stretched out his hand to interrupt Lawrence's defense and said in Chinese, "Don't talk to me about Tom, Dick, and Harry. Since you're the one who represented Harvard to talk to me about this project, then if anything goes wrong on your side, you'll have to bear the responsibility!"

Xie Huairu immediately acted as the on-the-spot translation. Lawrence never dreamed that Li Mu didn't have any resistance to James Keane as he had planned. Instead, he directly put all the responsibility on himself. Lawrence was so depressed that he almost vomited blood. He hurriedly said to Li Mu, "Li, you really don't understand the situation. James from Harvard …"

"Stop, stop, stop!"

Before Lawrence could even finish saying James' name, Li Mu immediately rudely interrupted him and said angrily, "Lawrence, if you can't even clean up your own ass, then what's the f * cking use of you for the 3321 American project?"

Lawrence, who didn't understand Chinese, immediately looked at Xie Huairu for help. Xie Huairu coughed awkwardly and translated in English, "Headmaster, what does Li Mu mean that you need to solve all the problems on your side?"

Before Lawrence could speak, Li Mu immediately questioned Xie Huairu, "What about the second half of my sentence?

Why don't you translate?

Do you think I don't understand English? "

Xie Huairu said with a smile, "There's no need to translate the second half of the sentence. It's better not to make the atmosphere too awkward on such an occasion …"