Chapter 1298

For many of the old members of the Hua Xia Flying Tigers, Mr. Li Xuejian was the only one they were familiar with. Except for Mr. Sun Xiaozhong, almost everyone else had seen Mr. Li Xuejian's role as Jiao Yulu. For the old people of his age, they had already known about Jiao Yulu when his deeds had become famous throughout the country. When Mr. Li Xuejian's role as Jiao Yulu was released and broadcasted, they instinctively drew an equal sign between Mr. Li Xuejian and Jiao Yulu.

From Mr. Li Xuejian, it could be seen that good actors were indeed deeply respected by the people. In terms of age, the youngest of these old members of the Flying Tigers was in his eighties, at least thirty years older than Mr. Li Xuejian. However, because he had successfully portrayed the image of Jiao Yulu, he had left a deep impression on these veterans. Therefore, when he came in, all the old people were amazed and even felt deep respect for him.

When the veterans heard that Mr. Li Xuejian would play the role of Officer Hua Xia in the movie, all of them were particularly gratified.

Mr. Li Xuejian also expressed his greatest respect to these old people. He personally bowed to each of them and shook hands with each of them. As the oldest, he set an excellent example to the other actors.

Therefore, the other actors were just like him, expressing their highest respect to the elderly with 120% of their respect.

In the next two days, the actors spent more than eight hours with the veterans every day. They would sit together and listen to the veterans take turns to tell their stories. They would use notebooks to carefully record the touching things the veterans said and the psychological activities they described in the past. This was very helpful to the portrayal of the characters.

Almost all of these veterans had a very good cultural foundation. Although they looked old and clumsy and completely presented themselves as old farmers, their high level of thinking was indeed admired by all the younger generation.

What touched the actors and the behind-the-scenes staff like Li Mu the most was that all the veterans, without exception, believed that the war that year was completely their duty to the country and the people. Everyone felt that the nation owed them, but they had never thought that way. They believed that the nation would always be a supreme existence, an existence that was worth everyone sacrificing their lives for. It was like a mother who gave life to everyone. They should always have a heart of gratitude and gratitude, and at the same time, never feel that their mother owed them anything.

These two days were very meaningful to every actor. These old people had awakened the national feelings that were buried in their bones. It was a feeling that had been hidden by the utilitarianism of the people in the era of peace.

On the eighteenth of the first month, Spring City became the focus of the entire country and the world's media. A large number of reporters swarmed into Spring City from all directions to attend the press conference jointly held by Makino Image and DreamWorks.

The reason why this press conference attracted the attention of the media was that there were too many eye-catching points. On one hand, the cast of Hua Xia from Flying Tigers had not been announced. Not only the people of Hua Xia, but the Chinese people all over the world were paying close attention. The main purpose of this press conference was to announce the cast, so there was a lot of anticipation.

On the other hand, because Li Mu had established the CSC Club, he had been criticized by many netizens online for several days. There were also many highly targeted comments that pointed directly at Li Mu. However, not only did Li Mu not come out to clarify, he did not even release a blog or a press release, nor did he appear in front of the media. And today, it was confirmed that Li Mu would attend today's press conference, and he had arranged a segment to answer questions from the reporters. So, the reporters wanted to use this segment to ask Li Mu about the CSC Club and the special comments on the Internet.

In addition, there was a small easter egg in the invitation letter. The invitation letter mentioned that Li Mu and Spielberg would announce a deeper level of cooperation between the two sides at the press conference, so stay tuned.

This little Easter egg was also very attractive to the media. They were eager to know what kind of in-depth cooperation Li Mu and Spielberg would have when they cooperated in the Flying Tigers.

In fact, this deeper level of cooperation was that Makino Image and DreamWorks would jointly set up a film and television school in Hua Xia. Li Mu hoped that Spielberg could mobilize the top industry insiders in Hollywood to help Hua Xia cultivate a group of really powerful actors and filmmakers. Li Mu hoped to make this school a real cradle for cultivating talents, hoping to make a certain contribution to Hua Xia's film and television industry.

Taking a step back, even if this school could only cultivate a hundred or eighty extras with good acting skills, it would be a lot of effort for Hua Xia Film and Television.

As for the overall nature of the school, Li Mu's plan was to position it as a completely private skill-training college. The college would recruit students from all walks of life, and there would be no examinations or thresholds other than professional courses. In other words, in the future, this school would only teach things related to film and television and performance. There would be no other courses set up, completely ensuring that it was a place for purely learning skills.

The school would not have any degrees or diplomas. It would only issue the school's own graduation certificate. This kind of graduation certificate would not be linked to the website of the education department. It only represented the profession. What Li Mu hoped was that in the future, the students from this school could be sincerely recognized by the industry, so that the school's graduation certificate would become a representative of the strength of the industry. If this could be achieved, this school would be considered a real success.

…

When the press conference was about to begin, the hundreds of reporters at the scene with their cameras and cannons did not see the scene they had expected.

They had thought that on the stage of the press conference, there would be a long row of seats. Li Mu and Spielberg would sit together, and then there would be many empty chairs next to them. Li Mu would first announce the start of the press conference. After entering the main topic, he would invite the actors and actresses to meet the audience one by one. He would introduce the supporting actors and actresses first, and then finally introduce the long-awaited leading actor and actress. In this way, the answers that everyone had been waiting for would be revealed one by one.

However, there were no chairs or tables on the stage of the press conference, only a huge background screen.

Then, the staff who did not show up announced the official start of the press conference through the sound system at the scene. Then, the lights in the hall dimmed, leaving only the lights on the stage. The background screen on the stage was dark, with nothing on it.

At this time, Li Mu, who was wearing a black suit, walked onto the stage. He did not use a handheld microphone, but a small microphone was pinned to the inside of the collar of his suit. The transmitter was located at the back of his waist, which was covered by the suit.

Li Mu's appearance was met with enthusiastic applause. Recently, he had disappeared from the public's view for too long, and no one knew what he was doing. Some people said that he was busy playing with sports cars, while others said that he was busy hanging out with a bunch of second-generation rich kids. However, no matter what the rumors were, Li Mu was still the same Li Mu. Dressed in a formal suit, he did not say a word, but everyone felt a familiar aura around him.

Amidst the applause, Li Mu bowed deeply to the audience. When he raised his head, he said, "Thank you, everyone, for coming all the way to Spring City to participate in today's press conference. This is the first time we've moved such an important press conference from a first-tier city to a second-tier city. Many of you might not know why we've arranged for the press conference to be held in Spring City, but the reason goes back to 1937."

As Li Mu spoke, the background screen behind him lit up, and on it, a slideshow of old photos of the National Air Force of Hua Xia began to play.

Li Mu walked to the side of the stage, and along with the old photos, he introduced, "In 1937, Japan launched a full-scale invasion of China. At that time, in order to protect the Jianqiao Central Air Force Academy and the strength of the National Air Force, the National Air Force decided to move the academy west to Spring City. At that time, Spring City was the headquarters of the National Air Force of Hua Xia during the war against Japan. It was also the headquarters of the Flying Tigers that Chen Nault established. Therefore, for the movie 'Flying Tigers' and the historical story behind it, Spring City is where the story began.

"These old Hua Xia pilots in the photos were basically all pilots of the National Air Force back then. Chen Nault was their instructor back then. Later on, when the Flying Tigers were formed, Chen Nault became the commander-in-chief of the Flying Tigers. Therefore, the National Air Force was also integrated into the Flying Tigers, and together with the Flying Tigers, they fought against the Japanese invaders. It can be said that they were the backbone of the Hua Xia Air Force back then. At that time, the people called them members of the Hua Xia Flying Tigers.

"After 60 years, we finally decided to bring the story of 'Flying Tigers' to the big screen and let the whole world know of their heroic deeds back then. However, after 60 years, how are the people in the photos now living? Who has really thought about it?"

When Li Mu said this, the reporters in the audience were a little confused. On the one hand, they did not expect that Li Mu would not follow the usual routine. He did not talk about the movie or the actors, but talked about history. On the other hand, Li Mu really stumped them. Even though as reporters, they paid special attention to such a big production like 'Flying Tigers', they only paid attention to the news, hot topics, and traffic. They paid attention to the investment of this movie, the amazing people behind this movie, and the cast of this movie. However, they never paid attention to the prototype of this movie, nor did they pay attention to the real Flying Tigers who survived to this day.

Everyone felt a little ashamed. At this time, Li Mu said lightly, "Some time ago, we set up a charity foundation. The name of this foundation is' Veterans Never Die '. The name is taken from a famous song in the United States during World War II. The name of the song is' Veterans Never Die, They Just Gradually Wither '. The reason why we chose this name is because we hope that these respectable veterans can never die, and that their deeds and their spirit will be passed on indefinitely. These expectations are somewhat unrealistic, so let's go back to the practical starting point. The purpose of setting up this foundation is to find the surviving veterans and ensure that they can live a carefree life in their old age."

When Li Mu finished this sentence, everyone was surprised.

They did not expect that Li Mu had set up another charity foundation, and the most important thing was that they did not receive any news at all.