Chapter 228

Just as Li Mu was thinking about how to deal with the problem in front of him, someone in the crowd suddenly shouted, "Damn it, so what if you're rich?

You can be arrogant just because you're rich?

You can bring people to the National People's Congress to behave atrociously just because you're rich?

Students, if we let this guy get away with it today and the news gets out, how can we National People's Congress students put our faces?

Won't we become spineless in the eyes of others?! "

This roar suddenly stirred up the anger of the crowd again. This incident was really bad. If it could happen to Li Mu today, it could happen to anyone tomorrow. Moreover, everyone was National People's Congress students, and they had a sense of unity with the campus as the core. Almost immediately, the collective sense of honor exploded because of this sentence. In an instant, the scene was filled with curses, and everyone was cursing Tang Quan, who was handcuffed to the tree.

Li Mu didn't see who said this, but he recognized the voice as Li Yawei. That kid had always been smart. At this critical moment, he was able to incite everyone again, which made Li Mu feel relieved.

Damn it, if Tang Quan was really handcuffed here, things would really be a bit difficult. Just now, anyone present could say this, except for Li Mu. If it came from Li Mu, it would inevitably make people think that he was only concerned about his own revenge, or even overbearingly refused up to 10,000 yuan compensation for others.

However, now that it came from Li Yawei's mouth, there was no such side effect at all.

Seeing that everyone was so indignant, the two injured students couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. After all, 10,000 yuan was not a small amount. It was equivalent to a year's tuition and living expenses. In all fairness, they wanted this money, but seeing the atmosphere at the scene at this point, even if they wanted to, they couldn't ask for it.

Tang Quan originally thought that his proposal would make it difficult for Li Mu to back down, but he didn't expect to get himself into trouble. Instead, it made the surrounding students even angrier.

The security guards quickly rushed over with cameras and video cameras. First, they took pictures of the steel pipes on the ground one by one.

Then, they took pictures of the injuries of the two injured students, and finally a bunch of close-up shots of Tang Quan and the other four.

Especially the one carrying the video camera, the camera almost never left Tang Quan and his four followers.

Tang Quan desperately tried to turn his face to the side, trying his best to avoid the camera.

Unexpectedly, the security guard gave his two colleagues a look, and they immediately stepped forward. One on the left and one on the right, they grabbed Tang Quan's neck, forcing him to face the camera. His embarrassing state was captured by the camera.

Li Mu told the security captain to send the papers to be developed and scanned.

Then, he converted the videotape to digital format and copied it to a DVD along with the pictures.

The security captain was confused. Li Mu simply said, "Give me the film and the videotape."

The security captain nodded and said, "I'll give them to you when I'm done. When you're done, don't forget to send the film and videotape back."

After taking enough photos and videos, the security captain called the police. As soon as the 110 command center of the Municipal Public Security Bureau heard that someone had rushed into the campus of the National People's Congress with the intention of committing murder and had been subdued by the students, they immediately asked which patrol car was closest to the National People's Congress through the intercom system, and sent them to investigate the case as soon as possible. They also directly transferred the police information to the district sub-bureau.

Wang Cheng, the captain of the district sub-bureau, was watching TV in his office.

Yan Jing TV's news program was broadcasting, and he was still waiting to see the news of him accompanying the deputy mayor on an inspection today. When he heard that a gangster had rushed into the National People's Congress to commit murder, he immediately got angry. This afternoon, he had just accompanied Deputy Mayor Lv Zhigang to the National People's Congress for an inspection. In the blink of an eye, someone had gone to the National People's Congress to commit murder. Wasn't this a slap in the face?

Looking up at the TV, the scene happened to show Mayor Lv shaking hands with the leaders of the National People's Congress. The host said in the voiceover, "This morning, the Standing Committee of the Municipal Party Committee, Deputy Mayor Lv Zhigang, went to the People's University for an inspection..."

The voiceover said at the same time.

The scene of Mayor Lv shaking hands with Li Mu was slightly longer. Then, the camera turned to the two leaders of the Education Commission.

And Wang Cheng himself.

Wang Cheng took a look and couldn't be bothered to continue watching. He got up and walked out of the office. He called a few of his subordinates and said, "Dispatch the police, go to the People's University!"

The district sub-bureau was not far from the People's University, and the patrol car arrived a few minutes earlier.

Wang Cheng brought his men and rushed to the scene. There were too many students watching, and he didn't see Li Mu at first. He didn't know that Li Mu had anything to do with this incident. He went straight to the person in charge of the patrol car and asked about the general situation.

The person in charge of the patrol car reported, "The general situation is that these five people came to the school with weapons and wanted to attack a student named Li Mu. They didn't expect the other students to gang up on them and subdue them. Two of the students were injured, and the five guys were beaten beyond recognition. Also, the school's security is a bit too much. They didn't even call the police before handcuffing them to a tree."

Wang Cheng frowned and raised his voice by an octave. "What did you say?

Who did they want to attack? "

"Li Mu."

Wang Cheng stomped his feet. "F * * k!

Where is he?

Did you see him?

Is he alright? "

When he heard that someone had come to the National People's Congress to attack someone, he had a ridiculous thought. He had just come to the National People's Congress for an inspection in the morning, and something happened in the afternoon. What a shocking coincidence. But please don't be so coincidental again. The students of the National People's Congress already knew Li Mu. As long as he wasn't the one being attacked, everything would be fine. But if he was the one who was attacked, then he would really be in trouble.

He didn't expect that the ridiculous thought that he had in the car would actually come true!

Wang Cheng's face immediately darkened. He asked the person in charge, "Where is Li Mu?"

"I don't know." The person in charge of the patrol car said, "I heard that he went to the hospital."

Wang Cheng's head buzzed. Oh my god, Beijing TV had just broadcasted that Mayor Lu came to inspect this kid's 3321, and tonight's Focus Talk will also broadcast a special report on 3321, as well as an interview with this kid. But at this time, some blind people came to attack Li Mu, and in the end, Li Mu even went to the hospital. If this matter were to blow up, he might even be implicated!

Wang Cheng hurriedly asked, "Is Li Mu's injury serious?

Which hospital did he go to? "

The person in charge of the patrol car didn't know why Wang Cheng was so concerned about a student, so he honestly said, "He doesn't seem to be injured. The ones who were injured were two students who helped him."

"Really?

Are you sure? "

"I'm sure. I just asked the security captain. Before Li Mu left, he told him that if the police need him to cooperate with our investigation, they can call him directly. He even left his phone number."

Wang Cheng instantly heaved a sigh of relief. It's good that he's fine, it's good that he's fine. If something really happened to this kid, then it wouldn't be as simple as slapping his face. That would be slapping the branch chief, the city chief, Mayor Lu, Beijing TV, and even Central TV's faces. In the end, when the higher-ups are held accountable, wouldn't he be the first to bear the brunt?!

Wang Cheng heaved a sigh of relief, but his heart was filled with anger. He asked the person in charge of the patrol car, "Where are the criminals?

Where are they?! "

The person in charge of the patrol car pointed to his team's Iveco and said, "They're all in the car. The five of them are seriously injured. I was just about to ask if we should send them to the hospital first."

Wang Cheng asked with a black face, "Are their lives in danger?"

"No."

"If they're not sent to the hospital, bring them back to the branch!"

The person in charge of the patrol car hurriedly nodded and said, "Then I'll bring them back now."

Wang Cheng nodded. "Give me Li Mu's phone number, I'll give him a call."

"Alright, please record it down, 139 …"

Li Mu was with a few of his dorm mates, accompanying two of his classmates to take an X-ray. The emergency doctor roughly looked at it and felt that it shouldn't be a big problem. However, they still needed to take an X-ray to know the extent of Bonehead's injuries.

One of them was taking an X-ray inside, while Li Mu and the others were waiting outside. Suddenly, his phone vibrated in his pocket.

Li Mu saw that it was an unfamiliar number, but he didn't think much about it and picked up the phone. He said, "Hello."

"Is this Li Mu?" Wang Cheng couldn't wait to ask once the phone was picked up.

"Yes, who are you?"

Wang Cheng hurriedly said, "Classmate Li, I'm Wang Cheng. We just met today."

"Oh, it's you, Captain Wang." Li Mu said politely. Even though he already knew the answer, he still asked, "Is there something you need from me?"

Wang Cheng hurriedly said, "I'm at your school. I heard the police report that someone was attacking your school with weapons, so I called you to ask if you're okay."

Li Mu said, "Thank you for your concern, Captain Wang. I'm fine. It's just that two of my classmates were injured while helping me. I'm accompanying them to the hospital to take an X-ray."

Wang Cheng immediately said righteously, "Classmate Li, don't worry about this matter. The branch office will definitely investigate it thoroughly and give you and your classmates an explanation."

Li Mu said, "Thank you, Captain Wang. It's just that among the people who did the attack, one of them said in front of the National People's Congress that he was the boss of Tang Dynasty Culture. He also said that he would be able to come out tonight after entering the Public Security Bureau. It's really too arrogant, and it has caused a very bad influence in the National People's Congress. I don't know if you'll be put in a difficult position."

Li Mu's words were very straightforward, and he didn't use any techniques to provoke Wang Cheng. With Wang Cheng's shrewdness, he naturally knew what Li Mu meant. Li Mu was indirectly putting pressure on him.

Li Mu didn't care what Wang Cheng thought of him. Anyway, he just wanted to make Tang Quan pay the price as much as possible. He had beaten Tang Quan, and he had insulted Tang Quan to his heart's content. All that was left was to find a way to make the police force fight with Tang Quan. Since Li Mu had said this, Wang Cheng had to think about how to give himself and the tens of thousands of students in the National People's Congress a satisfactory explanation.

Wang Cheng also had a scale in his heart. He had never heard of Tang Dynasty Culture. After tonight, Li Mu would probably become a role model for the young people in the country. Moreover, he was now a popular person in the eyes of the media and the leaders. Today, Mayor Lu was going for an inspection. It was said that in a few days, the ministry would specially come for an inspection for him. At this time, he couldn't afford to offend anyone but him.

(To be continued.)

PS: