Chapter 311

Hui Ka Ming touched his Gucci wallet on the dining table and asked, "How much do you need?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "Hundreds of thousands, can you get it?

I need it urgently. "

Hui Ka Ming heard the urgency in his tone and quickly said, "Wait a moment."

As soon as he finished speaking, he asked his friend who owned the store, "Second Brother, how much cash do you have in your store?"

The young man called Lao Er said, "Not much, but I have hundreds of thousands in the safe in my office upstairs."

"Hundreds of thousands?" Hui Ka Ming asked.

"I forgot, about 700,000 to 800,000, why?"

Hui Ka Ming blurted out, "Give it to me, my friend is in urgent need of money."

Then he said to Li Mu on the phone, "700,000 to 800,000 is enough?"

Li Mu said, "It's enough, come to the Hemp Alley near the University of Technology."

Hui Ka Ming asked, "Do you need help?"

Li Mu said, "No need, I just need to borrow some money, please send it to me."

Hui Ka Ming immediately said, "Okay, I'll come over now."

Then he took out his car key and passed it to his brother, Xu Jiahui. "Wait for me in the car, I'll go upstairs with Lao Er to get the money."

Xu Jiahui nodded and asked, "Who called?"

"Li Mu."

After Xu Jiaming finished speaking, he followed his friend upstairs. Xu Jiahui immediately became serious. He knew that his elder brother had just reached an agreement with Li Mu to invest in Muye Technology's B series. Moreover, his elder brother was going to invest all the remaining money of Mingcheng Capital in this venture, which was tantamount to cutting off all means of retreat and putting his fate on Li Mu's shoulders. At this time, if Li Mu needed any help, not only would his elder brother have to do his best, but even Xu Jiahui would have to do his best.

Xu Jiahui was about to drive the car when Lin Lin, who was also at the dining table, suddenly stood up. She raised her eyebrows and said, "Jiahui, I'll go with you."

Xu Jiahui hurriedly said, "Sister Lin Lin, don't follow us. We still don't know what it is and how serious it is."

Lin Lin immediately followed him and said, "It's okay, I won't cause you any trouble. I'll just follow and watch."

Xu Jiahui was originally a little afraid of her. Seeing that she had followed him, he couldn't say much. He hurriedly went out and started the car.

Xu Jiahui started the engine of Hui Ka Ming's Benz G55 and reversed the car to the entrance of the restaurant. As soon as it stopped, Lin Lin opened the back seat and got in. She heard that Li Mu was in urgent need of money and instinctively thought that he was in trouble. Somehow, she wanted to see him embarrass himself.

Hui Ka Ming used a big black backpack to carry the seven hundred and fifty thousand yuan on his shoulder. His friend, whom he called Lao Er, followed closely behind him and helped him carry the huge backpack. When they reached the car, Lao Er opened the trunk door for Hui Ka Ming and threw the backpack into the car.

Lao Er asked him, "Can I go with you?"

Hui Ka Ming waved his hand and said, "Just do what you need to do. I'll transfer the money to you tomorrow."

Lao Er said, "I'm not busy. Don't be so polite with me!"

Hui Ka Ming patted his shoulder and said, "It's really okay. My friend didn't say that he needs any help. Don't worry about it."

Lao Er saw that his friend's expression didn't change at all, so he nodded.

Hui Ka Ming hurriedly got into the front passenger seat and ordered Xu Jiahui to start the car. As Xu Jiahui drove the car out of the parking lot, he winked at Hui Ka Ming, signaling him to look back.

Hui Ka Ming turned his head and found that Lin Lin was sitting behind him and looking at him with a smile on her face. He immediately got a headache and said, "My sister, why did you follow me?"

Lin Lin raised her eyebrows and said with a smile, "After all, I'm an old acquaintance of Li Mu. Since he's in trouble, it's only right for me to go and take a look."

Lin Lin emphasized the words' old acquaintance '. Hui Ka Ming immediately understood that Lin Lin followed him because she wanted to watch a good show. The misunderstanding between her and Li Mu had already been comforted by Chen Ze, so why was she still thinking about it?

However, Hui Ka Ming couldn't do anything about it. He could only say, "Since Li Mu is now my God of Fortune, don't be calculative with him. We're all friends, uh … even if we can't be friends, there's no need to be enemies, right?"

Lin Lin frowned and said, "Look at how nervous you are. I promise you, I'll just watch and not talk tonight, okay?"

With her words, Hui Ka Ming was relieved. He nodded and said, "Okay, you have to keep your word."

…

Li Mu hailed a taxi at the school gate and arrived at the Hemp Alley in less than ten minutes. The moment he got out of the taxi, he called Zhao Kang and asked him how long it would take for him to arrive.

Zhao Kang was rushing over with about fifty people. He would arrive in five minutes, but because everyone was separated by taxi, it would probably take another ten minutes for them to arrive.

Li Mu said, "Later, don't let everyone in. Split them into two groups and block both ends of the Hemp Alley. There's no other intersection in the middle of this alley."

Zhao Kang said, "Then I'll arrange for them to block the intersection. I'll go in and see what's going on."

Li Mu instructed, "When the time comes, pretend that you don't know me."

Zhao Kang also instructed, "Don't go in by yourself. Wait for me before you go in."

Li Mu said, "I'll go in and see what's going on. I need to make sure that Ziqiu and the other girls are fine."

Zhao Kang said, "If you go in, what if they beat you up for no reason?"

Li Mu said, "I'll try my best to be careful. I'll pay them and talk to them. It should be able to hold them off."

Zhao Kang still wanted to persuade Li Mu, but Li Mu had already hung up and walked into the alley. After walking for about twenty to thirty meters, he saw a group of people forming a circle by the side of the road. There were seven or eight people in their thirties surrounding Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls.

Feng Sier's family lived nearby, and a few of his buddies lived not far away. They came faster than Li Mu, and as soon as they arrived, they surrounded Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls.

When Li Mu arrived, Feng Sier's beer bottle was not placed in front of Zhao Ziqiu's face. His friends still had some brains and told Feng Sier to restrain himself. Today, their goal was not only to seek revenge, but also to get money. Not to mention Feng Sier, whose face was disfigured, three of the seven or eight people present had more or less suffered losses from Li Mu that day. Everyone was thinking about how to extort more money from this man and woman.

Feng Sier's heart was still filled with hatred and resentment. As soon as he saw Li Mu, his eyes suddenly burst with hatred and anger.

He couldn't think of what this guy looked like, but he didn't expect to recognize him when they met.

Seeing that Li Mu had really come, Zhao Ziqiu stared straight at him. She wanted to say something, but she held back.

Li Mu walked up to them and kept a safe distance of two or three meters from them. He said, "There are so many of you. Isn't it a little inappropriate for you to surround a few girls?"

Feng Sier stared at Li Mu and waved to his brothers around him. "Damn it, that's him. Brothers, let's help him loosen his bones first, and also help me vent my anger!"

Before the people behind Feng Sier moved, Li Mu stretched out his hand and made a stop gesture. He said loudly, "I'm here to solve the problem. If you want to hit me today, no problem. I can let you hit me, but you have to think about it. If you touch me today, I won't pay you a penny."

Feng Sier couldn't help but get angry. "I don't want you to pay me. I'll f * cking ruin your face!"

Li Mu asked, "Don't you want to get your face back?

These days, plastic surgery and skin grafts aren't a big deal. It's just a matter of money. "

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "We're all adults. If you act on impulse, please bear with it. Listen to my suggestion first. If you can't accept it, I'm here today. You can solve the problem as you like. What do you think?"

Feng Sier was very angry in his heart. Several times he impulsively wanted to rush up and stab the beer bottle in his hand in Li Mu's face, but he was still a little timid in his bones, which made him waver for a while.

Behind him, a guy who had been glared at by Li Mu shouted, "Sier, listen to him first. How does he want to solve this problem?"

Feng Sier nodded and stared at Li Mu coldly. "Tell me, how do you want to solve this problem?"

"Pay me."

Li Mu simply said two words and said, "How much money can make you stop pursuing this matter? Just tell me a number. As long as it's not too much, I'll give you the money. Let's solve this problem once and for all."

Feng Sier frowned and looked at the young man in front of him. He didn't know why he spoke so confidently. Was he very rich at such a young age?

Feng Sier didn't believe that Li Mu really had the money to pay him, but he still fiercely demanded, "Unless you take out 300,000 yuan now!"

Li Mu watched Zhao Kang pass by him at this moment. After passing through the crowd, he went into a small shop that sold cigarettes by the roadside. He felt a little more confident in his heart. He smiled and said, "300,000 yuan is not a problem. Are you sure you won't pursue this matter after you get 300,000 yuan?"

Feng Sier never dreamed that Li Mu would really pay him 300,000 yuan. 300,000 yuan was an astronomical figure. He had consulted a doctor and with his current situation, skin grafting and plastic surgery, the total cost was less than 100,000 yuan.

Unsure of the truth of Li Mu's words, Feng Sier hesitated for a moment before saying, "If you can bring me three hundred thousand in cash tonight, I'll write it off. Otherwise, I'll cripple your face first!"

Li Mu nodded lightly and said, "Okay, I've already talked to my friend. He'll send the money over later."

Feng Sier frowned. "Don't f * cking play tricks with me!"

As he said this, he turned his head back to Zhao Ziqiu and pointed the beer bottle at Zhao Ziqiu's face again. "If you play tricks with me, I'll destroy your girlfriend first!"

This was the first time Li Mu had personally seen him point the sharp glass stubble at Zhao Ziqiu. At this moment, he wanted nothing more than to tear this bastard apart. He stared at Feng Sier, gritted his teeth, and said word by word, "If you want money, then immediately take the thing in your hand away from her!

If you dare to touch a single hair on her, I'll smash you to death even if I have to throw money at you! "

If a young man in his twenties said this to him, not only would Feng Sier not believe him, he would even go up and give him a big slap. However, today, seeing the ruthlessness in Li Mu's eyes, as if he was very confident in his words, Feng Sier's heart skipped a beat.

As his heart skipped a beat, Feng Sier's hand no longer had the vigor from before. He couldn't help but move the beer bottle further away. However, he still wanted to save some face and threatened Li Mu, "If you don't get the money, neither of you can run away!"

As they were talking, the Mercedes-Benz G55 that was rushing all the way directly drove into the alley. Xu Jiahui saw Li Mu first, Feng Sier second, and Zhao Ziqiu the third. He was suddenly stunned.

Hui Ka Ming didn't think about it. Seeing that the situation was getting dangerous, he told them not to get out of the car. Then he pushed the door open and got out, taking out the bag with the money from the trunk.

Feng Sier and the others didn't recognize the G55, which was a square off-road vehicle, but they recognized the logo of the Benz. These days, the Benz was not made in China, it was purely imported, and it was extremely expensive. Those who could drive such a car were either rich or powerful.

Hui Ka Ming carried the heavy black backpack and came to Li Mu. He looked around vigilantly and asked him, "What's going on?"

Li Mu waved his hand to signal him not to ask, but to ask him for the bag first. Feng Sier and the others didn't know that the bag was filled with cash. Seeing that Li Mu had brought someone over, they didn't know what was going on. Feng Sier was a little nervous, he held the beer bottle and turned it in circles. It seemed that he was so nervous that he was sweating a lot.

Li Mu looked at Feng Sier and took out two stacks of money from the bag. The two stacks of hundred-dollar bills attracted everyone's attention. When Feng Sier saw that Li Mu really took out the money, he was extremely excited. If he could really get 300,000 dollars, he would definitely not pursue this matter anymore. With 100,000 dollars for skin grafting and cosmetic surgery, he would still have 200,000 dollars left. This was a huge amount of money!

The people around them were also stunned. The guy whose eyes were flung by Li Mu's chili oil immediately said, "Brother, you flung chili oil at me back then. How are we going to settle this score?"

Li Mu threw the 20,000 dollars in his hand to him and said coldly, "That's all. Take the money and stand aside. Don't talk. Our debt is settled."

The man caught the two bundles of cash that Li Mu threw at him. He was already very satisfied. When he came here today, he was only thinking of extorting a few thousand yuan. Now that he got 20,000 yuan in one go, he immediately stood to the side and raised the money in his hand to Li Mu. "Brother, you're very particular!"

Li Mu didn't respond to him and asked the others, "Who else was there that day?"

The remaining six quickly raised their hands, "I was there.", "I was there too!", "I was also thrown with chili oil!"

Li Mu nodded, "Alright, since you're all there, 20,000 dollars each. We'll settle it one by one. Those who took the money, stand aside. My words are still the same, don't talk and don't interfere."

The six of them immediately surrounded him excitedly. Li Mu gave 20,000 dollars to each of them without hesitation.

Seeing that Feng Si 'er was the only one left, Li Mu expressionlessly took out the money from his bag and threw it to his feet in bundles. After throwing thirty bundles in a row, he said to Feng Si' er, "The money is all here. Throw away the things in your hands and get out of here!"

Feng Sier was stunned when Li Mu threw the first stack of money. He watched as he threw 30 stacks of hundred-dollar bills on the ground. He was so excited that he couldn't even speak. Looking at Li Mu's calm face, he said in a trembling voice, "You two, step back. I'll leave after I take the money!"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, your brothers are still here."

Although he said that, he still pulled Hui Ka Ming a few steps back.

When Feng Sier saw this, she immediately threw away the beer bottle in her hand and took off her coat. She squatted on the ground and began to pick up the money. She put the bundles of money on her coat and wrapped them up tightly with her sleeves.

When he was collecting the money, Li Mu hurriedly asked the girls to stand behind him. Then, while Feng Sier was picking up the money, he sent a message to Zhao Kang, "Don't let any of them go. If they dare to resist, get your men to do it. Break one leg and you'll get 20,000 dollars."