Chapter 833

At noon, six people, including Wu Di, agreed to join Makino Technology on the spot at the lunch table. At the same time, Wu Di said that after returning to Zhuhai City, he would communicate with other team members and try to persuade as many people as possible to join.

However, beyond Lin Ching-ah's expectation, Wu Di called her in the evening and told her that six more people had expressed their willingness to join Makino Technology.

It turned out that in the afternoon, he had created a YY group and added six core and trustworthy members of West Mountain Residence into the group. The six people on this side persuaded the other six people on the other side. In the afternoon, all six people were convinced to follow him and join Muye Technology without hesitation.

Therefore, it only took Lin Ching-ah one day to win over all the core team members of West Mountain Residence. This efficiency made Li Mu speechless on the phone.

After praising Lin Ching-ah's high efficiency, Li Mu began to think about the overall plan of the online game business.

In the future, under the general structure of Makino Technology's game business, there would be two subdivisions: one was the game business group, and the other was the game business group. The latter was relatively less technical, but it required sharp eyes and fast hands. With the advantage of Li Mu's rebirth, this work would be easier to push forward. However, if he wanted to do the former well, it would be very difficult.

Xu Bo, nicknamed Old Xu, should be able to carry the framework of the game "Fantasy Westward Journey", and the team of West Mountain Residence should be able to carry the framework and development of a wuxia or xianxia themed game. With the game developers that Lin Ching-ah poached from various companies, Makino Technology could launch two game development projects in a short period of time, but these were only two online games that could make money in Hua Xia.

When it came to online games, Li Mu always had a big regret in his heart. That was, as the largest online game market in the future, Hua Xia was a pure online game import country. While importing a large number of online games, none of the local online games could be exported to the world!

Hua Xia Online Games Company didn't even have a game that could be exported to the Korean and Japanese markets, let alone a game that was as popular as World of Warcraft.

From Li Mu's point of view, Hua Xia had many classic IPs in both ancient culture and modern literature. Her world structure was so grand that it wasn't inferior to World of Warcraft.

However, the domestic game companies were really not thinking about making progress. Most of the domestically-produced games were trying to make it big. No one had really thought about investing enough manpower, energy, and resources to create a truly great domestically-produced MMORPG.

From the very beginning, Hua Xia's online gaming industry had been accompanied by the temptation of huge profits. As a result, many gaming companies adhered to one development philosophy: Make quick money!

Every profit was a profit!

Every time they fired, they would change locations!

Based on this background, Li Mu summed up Hua Xia's online game market in four words: "Three fast and one short!"

That was: Fast research and development, fast online, fast money, and short lifespan.

Compared with the tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of US dollars in research and development for heavyweight online games, many Hua Xia game companies could develop a game based on a popular IP with only a few million or at most tens of millions of US dollars.

More than half of the game's research and development funds were used to buy IP and do publicity, and the remaining half was used to develop the game casually. Then, they would use the popularity of the IP to hype up the game and attract a large number of fans of the IP. In the first few months of operation, the game would be able to recover its capital, and the rest of the time, it would be pure profit.

Due to the rough production and low playability of the game, most domestically-produced online games couldn't escape a rule: a large number of users would gradually abandon the game after playing for a while, and the speed of user loss would soon exceed the speed of growth.

It wouldn't be long before the game faced the awkward situation of fewer and fewer users and lower and lower profits.

Correspondingly, the online game companies would invest less and less energy, and the game experience would become worse and worse. In the end, the entire game would be shut down and withdrawn from the stage, and the popular IP would be completely destroyed.

Under such an industry background, the possibility of Hua Xia developing a heavyweight online game in the market was almost zero.

Even a company like Teng Xun, which relied on games to earn a lot of cash every year, might not be willing to invest a lot of money to develop a heavyweight online game, let alone a small company. On the contrary, the more money they earned, the more cautious they became.

Acting as an agent for successful overseas games and imitating successful overseas games. These two models with low error rates had become the mainstream of Teng Xun and other game companies. The proportion of self-development was almost negligible.

In Li Mu's opinion, this was a great tragedy for Hua Xia's Internet industry. It was almost the same as the tragedy of Hua Xia's domestically-produced automobile industry. In the future, most of Hua Xia's automobile market would be joint venture brands, and the remaining domestically-produced brands would basically rely on imitation and reference to survive. It was a pity.

Li Mu had the ambition to export Hua Xia's culture to the world through online games in the future. The Japanese could integrate elements of Journey to the West into Dragon Ball and promote it to the world. Why did Hua Xia never have a real effective way to export Journey to the West to the overseas market?

If there was a chance in the future, could it create Hua Xia's Journey to the West, as well as wuxia, xianxia, and even fantasy novels like Blizzard had created World of Warcraft?

Li Mu felt that as long as they were willing to let go of their utilitarianism and use ingenuity to create and polish the product, this goal would definitely have a chance to be realized. He was afraid that all the people in the industry would focus on profits and only want to make quick money. If that was the case, they would never be able to create a game like World of Warcraft.

Hua Xia was a big country, and it was not appropriate for an ordinary person like Li Mu to say how far their technology and industry was from the West. However, in terms of storytelling ability, Li Mu felt that Hua Xia was definitely one of the top ethnic groups. They did not lack good stories, but they lacked people who put their heart into presenting the story.

Li Mu was willing to start cultivating his own game development team from now on, so that his team could continue to improve and keep up with the game development teams in Japan, Korea, and the developed countries in the West. If Makino Technology had the strength in the future, Li Mu was willing to send the people in his game development team to learn from those overseas game companies. He was also willing to attract overseas game development personnel to join him with high salaries.

First, he had to create a top-notch team, then come up with enough financial support. Under the premise of abandoning utilitarianism, as long as he put his heart into it, he would definitely be able to develop a heavyweight game that could be exported to the world.

Perhaps one day, it would no longer be World of Warcraft that was popular all over the world, but Hua Xia's xianxia, xianxia, and xianxia MMORPG. Perhaps the game fans all over the world would no longer be the background structure of World of Warcraft, but the magnificent background of Hua Xia's culture …

This goal was still far away from Makino Technology. But now, Li Mu had made this his highest goal for the online game business!

…

The specific policy of 'Computers in the City' hadn't been released yet. Makino Technology's work was in order. The blog was being developed, and the game development team was being built. The operation of Taobao was on the right track. Taobao Logistics had entered the stage of purchasing and selecting the location of the logistics base. Liu Xiaodong was leading the logistics team to travel all over the country. Zhao Kang had taken over the internet cafe chain project. The busy work in Yanjing could finally come to an end, and Li Mu finally had a chance to relax.

But it was only a temporary sigh of relief because there were big battles to be fought at every stage. Li Mu was like a warmonger in the business world. He had planned countless battles against different enemies in his head. He couldn't even count them all with his fingers.

Because of the debt he owed to Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu deliberately asked Li Ziwei to book a flight ticket to Hangzhou tomorrow afternoon for himself and Wang Yuanlang. At the same time, he booked two luxurious suites in the best hotel in Hangzhou, one for himself and one for Wang Yuanlang and the others.

After instructing Li Ziwei, Li Mu called Zhao Ziqiu.

It was already late at night. Zhao Ziqiu received a call from Li Mu. Her voice was particularly happy. She asked, "Why did you call me today?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I missed you, and I'm not very busy today. What are you doing?"

"I missed you too."

Zhao Ziqiu's voice was filled with joy. She said sweetly, "I just took a shower and laid down. I was about to read when you called."

Li Mu couldn't help but want to tease her. He asked, "Tell me, how did you miss me?

Let me see if you are the same as me. "

On the other end of the phone, Zhao Ziqiu was silent for a moment. Her voice suddenly lowered and she said softly, "I was thinking about the night I spent your birthday with you …"

The night of my birthday?

Wasn't she talking about the night Zhao Ziqiu gave herself to him as a "gift"?

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. "There was a girl who seemed to be … in love?"

"No way …" Zhao Ziqiu pouted coquettishly. After a moment, she plucked up her courage and said, "I'm just thinking about you. It's your fault for not coming to Hangzhou to see me for so long. School will start in half a month."

Li Mu wanted to give her a surprise when he landed tomorrow, but he couldn't hold it anymore. With guilt and love in his tone, he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't do a good job. I've booked a ticket for tomorrow. I'll arrive in Hangzhou at around five in the afternoon. I've already asked someone to book a room in the Hilton Hotel. Do you want to take me to taste the delicacies in Hangzhou tomorrow night and then have sex with me in the hotel?"

The innocent Zhao Ziqiu asked subconsciously, "What do you mean by having sex?"

Li Mu chuckled. "It means two people hugging each other and rolling on the bed …"

"Pervert …" Zhao Ziqiu muttered angrily. Then she said seriously, "Mom keeps asking me to ask you to come to Hangzhou. She said she wants to treat you to dinner. In addition, Dad keeps asking you to come to Hangzhou to see him, so …"

After Zhao Ziqiu finished speaking, she didn't wait for Li Mu to answer. She hurriedly added, "It doesn't matter if you don't want to see them. I'll tell them."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Why wouldn't I want to see them? Please tell Uncle and Auntie that I'll go to Hangzhou tomorrow and treat them to dinner."

…