Chapter 1765

The reason why Li Mu had always received the attention and love of Central TV was because of his sense of social responsibility. Among the young entrepreneurs in the country, no one could match him.

Since starting his business, he had already set up several large and small charity funds. Moreover, each of them was financially transparent and operated well. He was a philanthropist who spent every penny in the light and in the right place.

Compared to those charity funds that no one knew where he spent the money after donating, Li Mu was simply a role model in the philanthropic world.

Compared to the various inheritance tax avoidance funds set up for their children in the name of charity funds to avoid inheritance tax and personal income tax, Li Mu was simply a role model among role models.

In addition to practical actions, Li Mu's spirit and attitude were also very in line with the values of Central TV. One of the favorite words of the media now was "positive energy," and the word positive energy was first proposed by Li Mu.

As a young person in Hua Xia and as an entrepreneur in Hua Xia, one must have enough positive energy and promote positive energy. This was also Li Mu's attitude all along. This had given great encouragement to the young people in the world.

Now, Li Mu proposed a new entrepreneur's code of conduct, which was: "Benefit others and yourself."

A considerable number of entrepreneurs relied on harming others and benefiting themselves to get rich. Selling fake and shoddy products, pirating and infringing on copyright, and making false advertisements were all industries that harmed others without benefiting themselves. However, many people relied on these methods of harming others and benefiting themselves to earn a huge amount of wealth.

The car manufacturers that reduced the number of vehicles, the ride-hailing platforms that kept increasing the price, the real estate speculators that drove up the price of housing, and the wholesalers that inflated the price of garlic. Without exception, they all relied on harming others to benefit themselves.

As for the P2P platforms that caused thunderstorms and the 714 anti-aircraft guns that caused harm, it could be said that they were harming others and benefiting themselves. They relied on eating human blood to continuously accumulate their own fat and sinful fat.

Li Mu could guarantee that he would never touch these things for the rest of his life, but he could not stop other profit-seeking capitalists from using these methods to crazily accumulate wealth.

However, he could remind entrepreneurs in advance that as an entrepreneur, they should aim to benefit others and themselves. It could also be regarded as a positive guidance for the entrepreneurial environment.

Chen Jing, the reporter from Central TV, guessed Li Mu's intentions and asked, "Li Zong, benefiting others and yourself should also be a kind of expectation you have for all entrepreneurs, right?"

Li Mu said seriously, "Like all the other entrepreneurs, I'm an entrepreneur, so I'm not qualified to have 'expectations' on them. But this is indeed my personal wish for the entire business market. It's not something that I can realize by myself, but it depends on the joint efforts of all the entrepreneurs."

Chen Jing nodded repeatedly and said, "Mr. Li, from the global data we have access to, ever since Muye Technology made a huge breakthrough in its global development, the entrepreneurial behavior of young people all over the world has been growing rapidly. I believe that a considerable number of young entrepreneurs have been influenced by you, so I would like to ask you a question on behalf of the vast number of young entrepreneurs."

Li Mu said, "Please go ahead."

Chen Jing asked, "May I ask if you have any advice or experience for young people who are currently in the entrepreneurial stage?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Entrepreneurship is just like when we are still studying in school, except that we are still studying in school, but when we enter society, we are creating a career."

"However, in my opinion, the two types of entrepreneurship are actually different routes to the same goal. Young people in school should take their studies seriously because this is the cornerstone of their future when they enter society. Young entrepreneurs should also take their careers seriously because this is the cornerstone of their life."

"In school, the teachers teach us the Five Stresses, Four Beauties, and Three Loves. This is to hope that while we take care of our studies, we also have to take care of our morals and love for our country and people."

"In society, we may not have a teacher, and we have to explore everything on our own. However, I still hope that young entrepreneurs take care of their own morals, the morals of their enterprise, and their love for their country and people while taking care of their careers."

"Making money is the goal of a business, but it is not the ultimate goal. The ultimate goal should be to create social value while creating economic value, or to promote the development of technology, or to promote the progress of society, or to be able to create more taxes and jobs for society."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu sat up straight and said seriously, "Entrepreneurship itself is to obtain wealth from society. Only when you create value for society will society be willing to hand over wealth to you."

Chen Jing nodded in agreement, and the way she looked at Li Mu was already full of admiration.

Immediately after, she asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, a lot of foreign media reported that your relationship with Wall Street in the United States is very bad, and you also announced that you are cooperating with China Bank Securities to launch the IPO of Makino Technology in Hong Kong. Is the rumor true?

Why did you have a bad relationship with Wall Street? "

Li Mu said, "The rumor is true, and I also posted on Weibo and Twitter to express my disappointment with Wall Street. The reason why I am so disappointed with them is that they wanted to use the opportunity of Google going public to hype up the concept of the Internet, and then create a big market for Internet stocks."

"However, in my opinion, the Internet is far from ushering in a world-class market. At this time, the capitalists forcibly created a big market, which is tantamount to killing the goose that lays the golden eggs for the Internet industry, ordinary investors, and shareholders. This is what I said just now, those who harm others to benefit themselves."

…

That night, CCTV's entire follow-up interview with Hungry Man, as well as the interview with Li Mu, was broadcast on the news.

The first half of this news let the national audience personally experience the convenience of ordering food online. Not only were they very interested in this new model, but they also hoped that the city they were in could open this service as soon as possible.

And the second half of the news let the national audience once again see Li Mu's sense of social responsibility.

Before the end of the interview, Li Mu made a summary of Hungry Man, in which he specifically mentioned a problem. He said, "Hungry Man is committed to opening its business in every city in the country, and in every city in the country, provide enough jobs."

"In this way, a portion of the laborers who were forced to abandon their wives and children in order to make a living can return to their hometowns to work. This way, they can work in their own homes, and they don't have to abandon their wives and children to travel thousands of kilometers to the south or north. They can be closer to home, and their children can also avoid becoming left-behind children."

"The trend of working comes from the uneven speed of economic development. The economically developed areas need a lot of labor, and the economically underdeveloped areas have a lot of idle labor. Therefore, the economically underdeveloped areas began to send labor to the economically developed areas in order to achieve a mutually beneficial balance."

"However, this balance comes at the cost of hundreds of millions of people leaving their homes. Although there are benefits in promoting economic development, there are also disadvantages of families being separated and the huge pressure of the Spring Festival travel."

"The most ideal situation is not the export of labor force, but the local absorption of labor force. If a city with a population of 3 million, and 5% of the people who go out to work, then the annual export of labor force would be 150,000 people. If we can provide 2000 jobs for riders in a small city, our Taobao Logistics can also provide 2000 jobs for delivery workers. Then we can solve the problem of creating 4000 jobs for the local people, retaining 4000 labor force, and 4000 complete families."

"If we continue to introduce more new business models in the future and continue to create jobs for the local area, then there may be tens of thousands of people staying in the local area to work. If other companies create more jobs for the local area like us, then in the future, more people will be able to find a job to support their families at home."

After hearing Li Mu's words, many people who were working outside suddenly saw the prospect of returning home to work.

They felt that since Li Mu wanted to recruit millions of riders in the country, then when he expanded Hungry Man's business to their hometown, they might as well go back home to be Hungry Man's riders.

Because in this way, they could live with their wives, children, and parents. They could support their families while taking care of their children's education and parents' support.

To them, this was something that they had always dreamed of, but it was difficult to achieve. Otherwise, they wouldn't have gone so far away to work.

CCTV's report made Hungry Man gain a good impression from the people all over the country. At the same time, it also provided the best soil for Hungry Man's development in the country.

Li Mu didn't expect that Hungry Man's trial operation in Beijing could attract so much attention all over the country. He immediately felt that it was time for Hungry Man to invest a lot of money to develop quickly.

Immediately, he held a joint meeting with the senior executives of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology. At the meeting, he announced the official establishment of Hungry Man Technology Co., Ltd. At the same time, Makino Technology and Taobao Technology would jointly invest 2 billion RMB for the rapid start-up of Hungry Man's early-stage business.

Of the 2 billion, Makino Technology would invest 70%, while Taobao Technology would invest 30%. The two companies signed a memorandum of understanding on the acquisition of shares, which stated that when the conditions were right, Hungry Man Technology could be exclusively controlled by either Makino Technology or Taobao Technology. At that time, the company with the sole control would only need to pay the other company all the cash invested by the other company.

In other words, Hungry Man was now equivalent to an individual with dual nationality. It received resources from both Makino Technology and Taobao Technology at the same time. At the same time, it was also a rapid mobility force. When either of the two companies needed it, it could complete the change in the shortest time possible and become an individual with a single nationality.

In Li Mu's plan, if Makino Technology could get good conditions to go public, Hungry Man would immediately become a wholly owned subsidiary of Makino Technology and go public as a package package.

If it couldn't get good conditions to go public, then before going public, Hungry Man would first be separated from Makino Technology and given to Taobao Technology as its own son. In the future, when Taobao went public, he would then bring Hungry Man along.

If it were someone else, it would be difficult for them to do so. But it was too easy for Li Mu. This was because he was the major shareholder of both companies and had 100% of the voting rights. This meant that any decision of the two companies was completely up to him!