Chapter 1368

Without investigation, there was no right to speak. Sitting on the land of the West, fantasizing, denouncing, and distorting Hua Xia had become the daily trifecta of the Western media, and the SARS epidemic this time was no exception.

If it had been in his previous life, some local governments had indeed concealed the truth, thus affecting the country's overall epidemic prevention strategy. It would have been fine if the Western media had seized the opportunity to criticize them. But in this life, the country had acted in a timely manner, and all the information was transparent. The spread of the epidemic had been well controlled. Even so, the Western media still had to make the situation more serious, and even go so far as to say that Hua Xia was hiding the epidemic. This was really too much.

The Western media's unwarranted distortion of the truth made every Hua Xia compatriot unhappy. Of course, this included Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, who had come from afar.

After the two of them answered the questions, the reporter passed the microphone to Li Mu and asked him, "Li Zong, you have been in Yan Jing and have been active in the frontline of the fight against SARS. What do you think about this issue?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think the biggest difference between us and the Western media is that we are more respectful. Over the years, we have seen a lot of news about various outbreaks of epidemics overseas, including mad cow disease, bird flu, Ebola, and so on. But our media has always only reported the actual progress of the epidemic. We have never judged or criticized the epidemic prevention work of other countries. I think this is the respect that our Hua Xia media has for the countries affected by the epidemic.

Obviously, some of the media people from other countries do not understand this. "

After saying that, Li Mu added, "In fact, many overseas media have stationed reporters in Yan Jing. If you pay attention, you will find that Yan Jing and the whole country have made great efforts to fight the epidemic. All the information is open and transparent. Not only can Makino Technology obtain real-time information, but all the media present can also do the same. The overseas media are no exception. I believe that with the information screening ability of the media people, it is easy to see the extent of the truth. If you are too lazy, you can directly browse the SARS special page on YY website. This information has been confirmed by the editorial department of YY website. If there is any wrong information, Makino Technology is willing to bear all the responsibility for it."

Li Mu still had a certain degree of influence in the international community, especially among young people. Therefore, Li Mu also wanted to take this opportunity to clarify his attitude and the actual situation of Hua Xia's epidemic prevention work to the overseas young people. Overseas media spreading rumors about other countries was the cheapest thing to do. Even if they were wrong or deliberately made up nonsense, it would not affect anything. However, Li Mu was willing to bear all the responsibility for all the information disclosed by Makino Technology. This attitude was something that the overseas media that spread rumors did not have.

The Central TV reporter who interviewed Li Mu was overjoyed. In the face of the rumors spread by the Western media, as a national media, it was not suitable for Central TV to directly protest or attack. At times like this, they especially needed an unofficial but influential individual or private media to speak on their behalf. Li Mu was the most suitable candidate. Therefore, for Central TV, if Li Mu could fight back and at the same time refute the rumors for Hua Xia, it would be excellent. Originally, they wanted to let Li Mu know and give him an exclusive interview these two days. They did not expect that on this occasion today, Li Mu would directly express the attitude that Central TV wanted most. When they returned to the station at night, they would edit the material and put it on the news program tomorrow.

…

After a simple interview with Central TV at the airport, Li Mu, Zhang Guorong, and Mei Yanfang left together. The motorcade had been waiting outside for a long time.

In order to make it easier for the reporters from Central TV and YY to follow the interview and film the material, Li Mu deliberately arranged for a Coaster to bring along the reporters and accompanying cameramen to follow and film the three of them. However, while they were in the car, Li Mu did not arrange for any interviews. The reporters from both media outlets used a silent documentary method. They only filmed, did not ask questions, and did not speak.

The Coaster used a 1 + 2 seat distribution. Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang sat together, and Li Mu sat next to them across the aisle.

The route of the car was from the airport to the Fifth Ring Road, and then from the Fifth Ring Road to Beijing, which was along the east side of Chang 'an Avenue. Driving all the way to Chang' an Avenue, they passed by the CBD, the World Trade Center, and Tiananmen Square. The places they passed by were very representative of Yan Jing. Among them, there were the portrayals of Yan Jing's economic development, the marks of Yan Jing's continuous opening up, and the unique dignity of Yan Jing as the capital.

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were the two big names in Hong Kong's entertainment circle that most recognized the mainland. Zhang Guorong had been working with the mainland's film industry for a long time. Before returning to China, he had always publicly called himself a "Hua Xia man." He was not only very friendly to the mainland, but also had a special sense of belonging. In his photo album, he had personally written the foreword, saying that he had held more than a dozen concerts in the mainland, and that he was very glad to see this land with thousands of years of culture moving towards a new era. The foreword ended with eight words: Red flags gather together, the country is prosperous, and the people are at peace.

As for Mei Yanfang, although many people had slandered her, she had indeed revealed her identity as a Hua Xia man on many public occasions, just like Zhang Guorong. She had also said in a television interview that she thought the whole of Hua Xia was developing in a good direction, and as a Hua Xia man, she naturally had to support Hua Xia and hope that Hua Xia could do better. Just like Zhang Guorong, she had a pure heart.

As the car drove on Chang 'an Avenue, the two of them seemed particularly excited and emotional. They kept talking about the amazing development of Yan Jing. When they passed by Tiananmen Square, there was obvious respect and solemnity in their expressions. Li Mu did not speak much, but he had been paying attention to their expressions and actions. When he saw this, he felt even more admiration for the two of them.

The two of them had such a strong sense of patriotism and national identity. They were indeed role models in the entertainment circle.

…

By the time the two of them were settled in the hotel, it was already past nine o 'clock in the evening in Yan Jing. Li Mu did not want to disturb the two of them too much, so he left after settling them in the hotel.

The reporter sent by Central Television was very experienced. As soon as he finished the follow-up interview, he immediately called the station and gave a brief report on the results of today's interview.

In general, there were two points:

First, Li Mu said what Central TV had been waiting for. He gave the Western media a well-founded counterattack that was neither servile nor overbearing.

Second, the performances of the two Hong Kong celebrities, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, had greatly exceeded expectations. Originally, Central Television had thought that they had come to Yan Jing to save the situation mostly because of Li Mu, and not because of national righteousness. However, after today's contact, the senior reporter realized that Central Television's judgment was very wrong. Although the two of them had been invited to Yan Jing by Li Mu to save the situation, it was more for the sake of national righteousness than for the sake of friendship. This was extremely rare, so he had captured a lot of footage that highlighted this characteristic of theirs.

Therefore, the person in charge of this news line of Central Television immediately expressed his attitude: Hurry back to the station to edit the footage, and strive to be on the morning news tomorrow morning.

In fact, other than the Spring Festival Gala, Central Television had never given such a high standard of treatment to any other performance. It was almost like the treatment of the Spring Festival Gala. Every day, every news program would specially take one to two minutes to do a special report on this performance, so they also needed a lot of video material to support it.

YY opened a special page on their website, and the whole page was focused on the news report on this performance, including the progress of the preparation for the performance, the specific situation of each invited celebrity, and some interview content. The public was very concerned, and YY also specially made a poll. The question was: Which of the twenty-plus singers do you look forward to the most? Not only were the confirmed celebrities participating in the gala included, but also Li Mu's name.

After the voting began, Zhang Guorong's votes led all the way, followed closely by Taiwan's popular new generation singer Chow Jielun. However, it was unexpected that Li Mu, as a guest singer for fun, was ranked third by the users, less than a percentage point behind Chow Jielun's votes. It showed that the audience's expectations of Li Mu were also very high.

Without knowing that Li Mu was Mu Zi, the audience all over the country did not know whether Li Mu's singing was good or not. However, because Li Mu was too famous and had many fans, everyone was looking forward to his performance.

Now, this performance had become the top event in the entire Chinese entertainment industry. The public's attention to this performance had exceeded everyone's expectations. Central TV's survey showed that the public's expectation for this gala was now far higher than the audience's expectation for any Spring Festival Gala before it was broadcast.

The reason for this was not only because of the large scale of this performance and the strong lineup of participating celebrities, but also because it was a special period of the SARS epidemic. Most people were trying their best to go out as little as possible, spending almost all their spare time at home. Therefore, during this period, the ratings of major TV stations were rising, and the number of users of websites and games was also increasing.

In addition to these two points, there was another very important reason, and that was the meaning behind this gala. The more people worried about SARS, the more they paid attention to it. At the same time, they also paid attention to every move the country made in response to SARS. This gala was to fight against SARS, and all the people who were concerned about the progress of SARS would pay attention to this performance.

Not only were the people paying attention, but a large number of celebrities were also paying attention.

Ever since Li Mu put in all his effort for this performance, everyone in the entertainment industry wanted to be able to participate in this performance. Director Xu's phone was almost exploding with calls. Many celebrities thought of ways and even used countless layers of connections to find Director Xu, just to be able to sing a song in this performance for free. Even if it was to sing a song with other singers, it didn't matter. They didn't ask for a solo performance, but they wanted to show their faces.

Director Xu had been busy preparing for the live broadcast, so he decided to go all out. He was not afraid of offending people, so he rejected all those who came looking for him.

It was said that the number of celebrities he had rejected through various methods had almost exceeded a hundred. Not only were there a few singers who had previously withdrawn, but there were also many A-list and quasi-A-list singers.

At the beginning, Director Xu stuck to his attitude of rejecting all the celebrities, but after rejecting them, he also felt a lot of pressure. If he continued to reject them like this, he was afraid that he would offend the entire entertainment industry.