Chapter 297

When it comes to major projects, confidentiality and bonuses are essential. Although Li Mu had emphasized the importance of confidentiality, the more shocking the data of Happy Farm was, the more worried Li Mu was about exposing his motives.

Once his motives were exposed, it would mean that he would immediately be seen as a mortal enemy by QQ. At that time, QQ might go crazy and surround him. Just like when Q Bar was launched, he would go after Q Bar. Every company has a strong sense of territory when it comes to their core products and market. If they meet a direct competitor, they will definitely fight to the death.

Li Mu did not want to openly fight with an instant messaging software company with tens of millions of users, especially before his own product was released. If QQ realized that he was threatening their foundation, then he would not be able to fight back in the instant messaging industry.

The internet industry was divided into different categories. Currently, there was not a single company that could form a closed loop. Therefore, everyone was busy with their own business. There were relatively few direct competitors. Be it Baidu or Teng Xun, they were jealous of Tieba. But in their eyes, Tieba was the target of their envy and jealousy, but it was not a real threat to them. On the surface, Tieba would not affect Baidu's search engine, nor would it affect QQ's instant messaging. As long as QQ knew this, they would not treat Tieba as a mortal enemy. On the contrary, they would be attracted by Tieba's existing products.

Li Mu could not wait for QQ to imitate his Happy Farm. If they imitated Happy Farm, they would have to divert their energy to build a new development team. Although the workload for this game was not huge, it would still take at least a month to imitate it. It was easy to develop a flash game, but it was more troublesome to make an MMORPG like Happy Farm. This was because for any online game, it was not easy to build a backend. The storage, calculation, and interaction of data must not have any problems.

The entire process would take at least a month. In a month's time, they could only imitate the current version 1.0. However, he still had a few updates that he had yet to release. Once the version 1.0 that they imitated was released, he would immediately release a new version. If they immediately imitated the new version, he would then release an updated version. This way, he would be able to keep them in suspense forever. They would have to grit their teeth and chase after Happy's farm, but they would never be able to catch up. This way, he would be able to continuously divert their attention, allowing them to focus more of their attention on imitating and catching up to Happy's farm. That way, when YY was officially released, he would definitely be able to deal a fatal blow to them.

Li Mu, who was focused on the data, was even more focused than those investors who were looking at the stock market. The number of online users kept increasing, new users kept increasing, and new users kept refreshing. This made Li Mu feel an uncontrollable excitement. Making games was indeed more exciting than making other internet products. The reason was that the speed of its growth was beyond imagination.

As time passed, there was another surge of traffic at night. From 9 p.m. to 12 p.m., the number of new users increased by nearly two million. This game was really going crazy!

At 12 p.m. sharp, Happy Farm's players noticed that in the upper left corner of the game interface, a flashing yellow cartoon exclamation mark suddenly popped up. Almost every player who saw it clicked on the exclamation mark to open it, and thus received the first item reward mission of Happy Farm — Invite Friends.

Users only needed to invite friends to register and log into the game. When registering, they had to fill in their ID number in the referrer column, and that would be considered as a successful friend invitation. When the number of friends invited reached ten, they would be given five packs of normal synthetic fertilizer. When the number reached twenty, they would be given fifteen packs of normal synthetic fertilizer. Moreover, this reward could be stacked. Every time it was stacked, there would be five packs of normal synthetic fertilizer. For example, the first time they invited twenty people, they would receive fifteen packs. The second time they invited twenty people, they would receive twenty packs. The third time they invited, they would receive twenty-five packs, and so on.

After this mission was released, the new item — normal synthetic fertilizer was also officially revealed. As a "magical item" that could reduce the ripening time of crops by thirty minutes, once the mission was released, the players were excited!

Now that the players had familiarized themselves with the game for twenty-four hours, they were gradually getting used to it. They began to pay attention to the friends ranking. As the game's online time had been extended to twenty-four hours, the difference in online time had also led to a disparity in user levels and rankings. However, the group of people who were ranked at the top were basically always online. These people were using all their time to plant vegetables and steal vegetables. Therefore, the gap between their levels was very close. If one wanted to widen the gap, the best way was to use the fertilizer item.

If one could obtain fifteen packs of normal synthetic fertilizer, after two rounds of planting and harvesting, one would be ahead of others by an hour. If one obtained twenty more packs, one would be ahead even more.

The incentive of the item allowed the netizens to immerse themselves in the game. At the same time, they did not forget to invite their friends to join them. For a moment, most of the people who greeted each other on QQ were asking each other if they had played Happy Farm.

It was hard to imagine that an hour after the mission was released, the number of new registered users increased by more than two million.

In less than half an hour, there were already users who had successfully obtained the reward. After that, the number of people who had obtained the reward increased.

At this moment, people in the same industry and big shots on the internet could not help but invite their friends to join Happy Farm. Among them, Tan Yaocheng was the most typical example. He had secretly played the game for the whole day at work. Once he got home, he continued playing. After unremitting efforts, he had always been ranked first in his friend circle. However, the second and third places were catching up to him very closely. This kind of gap could basically be closed in an hour or two. Therefore, he was even more eager to obtain the normal synthetic fertilizer reward, and the more the better.

He sent a message to every online friend in his QQ friend list, asking them if they had played Happy Farm before. If they replied that they had not, he would immediately send them a link and invite them to register for a trial run. If they replied that they were already playing, he would add them as a friend. The more friends he had, the more opportunities he would have to steal vegetables and help out. This was also one of the key points in ensuring his EXP and gold coins.