Chapter 1295

When Makino Technology sent out invitations to all the media and announced the time of the press conference to the public, the whole nation was waiting for the announcement of the cast of Flying Tigers.

If Li Mu could come out and give a positive reply to the CSC Club and the netizens' comments in recent days, it would be even better.

For the past few days, Li Mu had been accompanying more than 50 members of the Flying Tigers from Huaxia and the United States in Spring City. After the elders reunited, the staff of the Undying Veterans Foundation had arranged a comprehensive and thoughtful activity for them, including a group meal once a day, a free exchange salon, and a revisit of old places.

Not only had these American Flying Tigers not returned for many years, but many Hua Xia Flying Tigers had also not returned for many years. After the victory of the war, there were very few people who came back to Spring City, so it was very meaningful for so many of their old comrades to return to Spring City again. Almost all the old people were lamenting. When the War of Resistance was won, they always said that they must return to Spring City often in the future, but almost all of them broke the promise they made. If it wasn't for the organization of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, they might have left this world with this unfulfilled promise. Now, after 60 years, they finally fulfilled their promise and returned to Spring City, but this was probably the last time in their lives that they would return to this land.

In his previous life, before he graduated from college, his classmates drank together, hugged each other, cried bitterly, and swore that they would go back to their alma mater every year to have a look and get together. But as soon as they left school and entered the society, they immediately fell into a vicious circle: no one restrained you, but you just couldn't control yourself. Everyone was busy with work, life, and love. Sometimes, they could only go home a few times a year. How could they have the time and energy to go to their alma mater that was hundreds of kilometers away to have a look? Moreover, the alma mater had already changed, and they couldn't find any familiar people when they went back to their alma mater that was hundreds of kilometers away.

Li Mu was like this even though he was relatively close to Jinling, let alone his classmates from other provinces. Almost no one went to Jinling just to return to their alma mater. After Li Mu's old classmates left school, until Li Mu was reborn, they never got together again.

Even he, who was born in a peaceful era and lived in a modern society, couldn't fulfill his promise for various reasons, let alone these old people who left here 45 years ago, scattered all over the country, and even across the ocean.

What they had experienced were countless upheavals and changes in the world. Before the 90s, when an American wanted to come to Huaxia, he had to go through all kinds of documents and requirements. It was enough to drive a person crazy. A simple individual was too insignificant in that kind of environment.

Life was originally a cultivation that was involuntary.

Li Mu had already been reborn, and he didn't have the opportunity to fulfill his promise with his college classmates in his previous life. But what made him extremely happy was that he helped more than 50 veterans fulfill the promise that was buried in their hearts for 60 years.

…

On the 15th day of the first lunar month, in the hotel's largest banquet hall, all Hua Xia, the American Flying Tigers, and their relatives spent an extraordinary Lantern Festival here.

On the 16th day of the first lunar month, all the important Hua Xia actors of "Flying Tigers" arrived in Spring City. Among them were Du Wei, Liu Ye, Huang Bo, and Tang Wei, the four contracted artists of Makino Image, as well as Teacher Li Xuejian, Teacher Chen Daoming, and Teacher Chen Baoguo, who, in Li Mu's eyes, were the best actors of Hua Xia. Other than these seven, there was also Su Yingxue's cousin, Wang Xinran.

Li Mu had already arranged the roles of these actors. Du Wei was the first female lead alongside Anne Hathaway, and Liu Ye was the first male lead alongside Leonardo. Huang Bo played the role of an ordinary villager. His character was in love with Du Wei's character, and the two of them had a few scenes together. When Leonardo's character crashed, Huang Bo was mobilized by the militia to rescue him, and he hid Leonardo in Du Wei's house. Huang Bo also had a few interactions with Leonardo. From the beginning, he could tell that the village girl played by Du Wei had developed feelings for the American pilot played by Leonardo. This caused Huang Bo to be particularly conflicted, and he didn't treat Leonardo well. However, every time the Japanese conducted a search, he would still help Du Wei's family hide Leonardo. After Leonardo was safely sent away, he and Du Wei's family were wiped out by the Japanese.

Tang Wei's character was a female nurse of the Flying Tigers. This character didn't have much of a tragic tone. She was originally a progressive young man from a big city. In order to help fight against the Japanese, she unconditionally joined the Flying Tigers' Air Force Hospital and worked together with Anne Hathaway. After Anne Hathaway fell in love with the pilot played by Liu Ye, Tang Wei's role as the nurse played by Tang Wei played the role of a bridge between the two of them. However, in the end, with Liu Ye's sacrifice, her role was basically completed.

Teacher Chen Daoming played the role of Principal Jiang, the chairman of the board. He didn't have many scenes, but it was very important.

Teacher Li Xuejian played the role of the supreme commander of the Flying Tigers, Hua Xia. He played opposite Tom Hanks' Chennault, so he had relatively more scenes. In Li Mu's eyes, he was the only one who could play opposite Tom Hanks.

Teacher Chen Baoguo was relatively young, so in this movie, there was a Hua Xia officer who played the role of the Flying Tigers. She was Liu Ye's superior and Teacher Li Xuejian's subordinate. She didn't have many scenes, but the main point was to play the role of a bridge between the various characters played by Hua Xia and American actors. Because Liu Ye, Leonardo, Du Wei, Anne Hathaway, Li Xuejian, and Tom Hanks occupied most of the scenes in the movie, Teacher Chen Baoguo was needed to act as an overall catalyst.

As for Wang Xinran, Li Mu chose her this time out of consideration. Fortunately, Wang Xinran's acting skills were quite good, so Li Mu arranged for her to play the role of a progressive female student who came from Shanghai to Spring City to promote the Anti-Japanese War. She didn't have many scenes, and the requirements weren't high. Her main role was to set off the atmosphere of the Anti-Japanese War.

There was also a relatively important role, which was the role that Li Mu had arranged for his nephew to play as a member of the Flying Tigers because of Wei Lan's father, Wei Jun. However, Li Mu didn't invite him to attend the press conference.

The press conference was set to be held on January 18th at 7: 00 pm. Li Mu had two reasons for inviting the main actors so early. First, he wanted them to come over and familiarize themselves with the veteran members of the Flying Tigers. Since they were acting out their stories, it was necessary to pay respect to them in advance. Second, this was the first time Spielberg had handed over the casting of more than half of the main actors to someone else. Therefore, Li Mu had to let him meet the actors in advance to get to know each other better. Li Mu believed that these actors' acting skills wouldn't be a problem, but Spielberg was the director, so he needed to have a sufficient understanding of these actors before he could tailor their camera language to them.

On January 16th, Li Mu didn't go to the airport to pick them up. Instead, he handed the job of picking them up to the staff while he waited with Spielberg at the hotel. This way, as long as one of the actors came, they could meet with Spielberg first for a chat.

At 10: 30 am, Teacher Li Xuejian was the first to arrive at Spring City Airport. Knowing that she was going to meet Spielberg today, Teacher Li Xuejian deliberately booked the earliest flight and flew directly from Yanjing with an assistant.

After Ning Hao received Teacher Li Xuejian at the airport, he handed Teacher Li Xuejian over to the staff of Makino Image. Then, the staff immediately drove a business car and took Teacher Li Xuejian from the airport to the hotel.

When Teacher Li Xuejian arrived, Li Mu was with Spielberg, communicating with the documentary's post-production team about the editing of the promotional video.

In order to ensure that they could come up with the best promotional video at the press conference, the documentary's team temporarily set up a post-production studio in a luxurious business suite in the hotel. During the day, the staff sorted out and roughly cut all kinds of previous materials. At night, they took the materials shot by the front-end cameramen for screening and editing. Together, Li Mu and Spielberg watched over the final editing.

Because they pursued absolute documentary and shocking people, the final promotional video was interspersed with many real historical video materials. At the same time, Li Mu also insisted on choosing his favorite pure music to be the background music of the promotional video. This background music was originally the soundtrack of a documentary. With Spielberg's help, Li Mu obtained the authorization letter faxed by the copyright company in a very short time. The real video materials used in the video were also communicated with the descendants of the cameramen, and without exception, they were all authorized by the copyright owner.

Fortunately, everyone, including Spielberg, was full of praise for Li Mu's choice of pure music. No one had any disagreement on this point.

A staff member knocked on the door and came in to say to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Teacher Li Xuejian is here."

"Aiya!" Li Mu said in surprise, "Teacher Li is here so early?

Why don't we invite Teacher Li here first and let him see some of the materials we shot these days in advance? "

The staff member nodded and said, "Then I'll invite Teacher Li over."