Chapter 406

YY's closed beta test had finally begun without a sound.

Li Mu installed the internal testing software in his laptop and tested it alone in Yucheng Garden for an entire night.

Li Mu gave this software a score of 90 points, which was very good.

This was probably the first software on the Internet that had integrated its own ecosystem. The eight sections that Li Mu wanted were all in it, and it had achieved a very good integration with the software itself.

The UI was very futuristic compared to the current Internet products. The softening of the edges and corners, the transition of the colors, the display of the icons, and the aesthetic design of the dialog boxes had all reached the level of five years later. This software would definitely make the eyes of the current users light up.

It was also very smooth to use. The information dialog boxes were separated into the left and the right. The received messages were displayed on the left, and the sent messages were displayed on the right. This was the basic configuration of the future instant messaging software, but there was still no company that had considered this aspect. The Internet was currently still in the era of industrial revolution. Everyone was desperately researching and manufacturing all kinds of products, but no one had considered how to make the products more delicate and beautiful.

YY Cartoon Show had also blossomed with extraordinary brilliance in the hands of a few cartoon designers who had returned from studying abroad. Japan and the United States had a very advanced understanding of cartoons and manga characters. The designers of this design team combined the characteristics of Japanese and American comics, and developed a lot of cartoon characters and costumes with different styles. Overall, it was more than one level higher than the QQ Show in his previous life, and even Li Mu greatly admired it.

"Miracle MU" had also begun its internal testing. Although Li Mu had the authority to come up with a new Chinese name for the game, he still kept the name. This game was destined to create miracles.

Unlike the low-key and secretive internal testing of YY, the internal testing of "Miracle MU" was quite high profile!

Although people in the industry already knew that Storm Entertainment had obtained the agency rights for "Miracle MU" in Hua Xia, only a few of them knew that this company had a certain capital relationship with Makino Technology. They knew that "Miracle MU" would probably start its internal testing in the first half of the year, but they didn't expect the news of the internal testing to come so fiercely.

Almost all the promotional resources were given to "Miracle MU," promoting this gorgeous online game everywhere. Combined with Li Mu's activities of giving away beta accounts, Nokia phones, and laptops for those who signed in. On the first day of "Miracle MU"'s internal testing, the number of people signing in at "Miracle MU"'s Tieba exceeded eight million.

This number shocked other companies in the industry.

At the same time, various screenshots of the internal testing game began to appear on the internet. The graphics of this game were very top-notch among online games, much better than the graphics of "Legend of Mir 2." However, "Legend of Mir 2" couldn't be measured by graphics. However, "Miracle MU" far surpassed "Legend of Mir 2" in terms of graphics, characters, skills, equipment, and world structure. As long as it was properly managed, it would be very easy to surpass "Legend of Mir 2".

Because "Miracle MU" caused a sensation on the internet as soon as it started its internal testing, netizens paid a lot of attention to "Miracle MU." Storm Entertainment also announced to the public that the game would start its open beta without deleting files after 15 days of closed beta. During the open beta, registration would be open to all. However, the officials didn't tell the public when the fees would start. Li Mu's idea was to start collecting fees a month after the open beta.

Starting from the first day of the internal testing, every 24 hours, at 8: 00 PM on the second day, the officials would announce the nicknames of the 23 lucky winners and their non-detailed addresses. At the same time, the officials would also take photos of the purchased prizes and send them to the users via EMS. Since many of the users were active users of the forum and had a considerable number of fans in the forum, no one had any doubts about the lucky draw. This kind of open and transparent method attracted more and more netizens. Whether they were interested in the game or not, they would rush into the forum of "Miracle MU" to sign in. They only needed to click the sign in button to have a chance to get a valuable prize. With such a low user cost, even if the chances of winning were low, why not?

All the work was progressing in an orderly manner. At the moment, the two most important things had officially started. Li Mu was relieved for the time being. He had originally decided to go to school for a few days and live the life of a normal student. It could also be considered as a disguised rest for himself.

For a long time, the probability of seeing Li Mu in the classroom was even lower than winning the lottery. Not only did the students feel this way, but even the teachers felt this way.

Every teacher basically developed the habit of automatically ignoring the name Li Mu when they called the roll before the class. Li Mu was too famous in the university. The leaders of the university appreciated him, the leaders of the municipal party committee loved him, and the leaders of the ministries and commissions also praised him. Moreover, he was reported by the most authoritative media. So, everyone in the university had long known him. The teachers also knew that it was normal for such a troublemaker to not come to class. But if he did come to class, it would make them feel awkward as if there were leaders attending the class.

Li Mu's behavior in class was still considered low-key. Usually, he would find a corner to sit down. Most of the time, he would lower his head and play with his phone. Occasionally, he would raise his head to listen. Although he wasn't very attentive in class, he would never break the rules.

One afternoon, during the public class, someone suddenly patted Li Mu's shoulder from behind. Li Mu turned his head and saw that it was Dong Ai, whom he hadn't seen for a long time.

The current Dong Ai looked much more mature than before. Whether it was her hair, makeup, or clothes, she had some ability of a professional woman. Li Mu looked at her in surprise and asked in a low voice, "Why did Senior Sister Ai come to the first year public class?"

Dong Ai rolled her eyes at him. "Don't play dumb. I'm going to graduate soon. Why would I listen to this class? I'm here especially to look for you!"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why are you looking for me?"

Dong Ai said angrily, "What do you think I'm looking for you for?

You threw all the matters of 3321 to me and didn't care about it. Right now, I'm very busy all day and I still have to come back to prepare my graduation thesis. I heard that you were here, so I came to catch you. "

Li Mu sweated. "You're really resourceful. I just came here for about ten minutes."

Dong Ai pursed her lips and said, "Come, let's sneak out from the back door. I have something to tell you."

Li Mu also felt that it wasn't good to turn his head and chat with her in class. He nodded and bent his back to get out of his seat and left the classroom through the back door.

After the two of them left the school building, Dong Ai said to Li Mu, "Now it's like this. 3321 has already started operating in Guangzhou and Shenzhen. These two cities have already made our team extremely busy. If we want to quickly popularize 3321 in major cities across the country, with our current manpower and scale, it will take at least one to two years. We have an idea now. We want to cooperate with 211 and 985 universities across the country and let them be in charge of the local operations of 3321. However, the universities that we contacted all vaguely expressed that they want some practical benefits. However, the universities are hesitant. They feel that we're a non-profit organization and if they directly benefit from us, it will affect their public image."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "So you're saying that they don't want to volunteer to help. They want money and face, so they don't want to take the money directly?"

Dong Ai nodded. "Basically, that's what I mean."

Li Mu said, "If you feel that there's a need for rapid expansion, then we can negotiate a contract with these universities. During the contract period, they will be in charge of helping us operate 3321 locally. We will be responsible for donating 30% of the commission to the schools. The schools will set up an education fund. The schools will decide how to use the funds, and we won't interfere. This way, even if they have internal problems with the fund, it will have nothing to do with us."

Dong Ai sighed. "You're really smart. I've been thinking about how to reach a tacit understanding with them, and at the same time, not cause unnecessary trouble for ourselves. Now that you've said it, I understand. Give the money to the schools in the name of the education fund, and we don't care how they handle it."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Sometimes, we also need to be flexible. If the colleges and universities are willing to do this, they will actively promote it even if there is no profit. But if they want to pursue profits, you need to give them some opportunities. But we can't violate the rules. We will take the 30% commission in exchange for a blank market and the remaining 70% commission. When the money is in our hands, it will become our bursary fund, and we can really serve the public."

Dong Ai said, "I was just about to ask you about our bursary fund. Although we still maintain the frequency of bursary activities every week, and two to three bursary teams carry out bursary activities at the same time every week, the speed at which we spend money is still too slow. Right now, we have more than 30 million in our account, and I don't know what to do with it."

Li Mu was also stunned when he heard that. "More than 30 million?

It's that much? "

Dong Ai said, "Yes, now that the four big cities have launched operations, the total capital of the bursary fund will continue to increase in the future. If we still insist on the previous strategy of distributing the bursary to the students, this money will roll over. At that time, I'm afraid that there will be people in society who will question us."

Li Mu nodded gently after hearing this. "That's true. When there's less money, we can control every sum of money very carefully. When there's more money, if we want to control it so carefully, the cost of manpower will be too high."

Dong Ai also said, "I think so too. We are a non-profit organization, and the size of the staff should not be too large. If we are too large, we will be bloated internally, and the operating costs will be high. It will be easier for us to be questioned by the outside world."