Chapter 1492

When Li Mu was preparing to visit Chen Wan's home in Yanjing, the person in charge of YY Blog, Chen Tong, found a hint of inspiration from Li Mu's popular blog.

As a form of media product, blogs were very popular all over the world. However, the popularity was very regional. It was difficult for an American blog product to become popular in Hua Xia, and similarly, it was difficult for it to become popular in other countries.

Even YY Blog had not been able to spread around the world. The number of its users worldwide was much smaller than the number of YY Space users.

Chen Tong was very knowledgeable about content, so he conducted in-depth research on blogs based on content and came up with a set of conclusions. Blog content was generally longer, of higher quality, and had a higher user base. However, the drawbacks were also very obvious. Long, high-quality content would greatly limit the speed of creation, and it would also increase the cost of reading for users.

At this stage, the more active and popular celebrities on blogs had an average speed of creation of about three days. After all, bloggers at this stage had formed a habit. Blogs not only had to have clear topics and sharp arguments, but also had moving sentences and flowery words. A piece of content had to take care of so many points, and the difficulty of creation had increased a lot.

Users' patience on the Internet was also getting worse. Chen Tong once asked a technician to help do some statistics. They first buried data under a new blog post by a celebrity, then calculated the number of users who clicked on the blog, as well as the time it took for each user to jump out. The final data conclusion made Chen Tong feel a chill down his spine.

First of all, this blog had a total of 2,600 words and eight pictures. A normal reading time would not be less than ten minutes.

Second, in the twenty-four hours since this blog was published, a total of 160,000 users clicked on it. The number of users who jumped out within ten minutes reached 120,000, which meant that 75% of the users had not finished reading.

Third, among the 120,000 people who jumped out, more than 60,000 people jumped out within five minutes. This also meant that about 40% of the users left without even reading half of it.

At the same time, Chen Tong found an interesting statistic. More than 95% of the users stayed on the page for more than one minute.

Then, there were a lot of questions.

First question: If a large number of users did not have the patience to read this long blog, what was the point of this blog's high-quality content?

Second question: If more than half of the users will quit this blog halfway through, will the fate of the other blogs be similar to this one?

Third question: Does it mean that shortening the content of this blog will increase the proportion of users who read the full content of this blog?

Fourth question: How short of content is the most suitable for online content?

After listing these four problems, Chen Tong had been thinking of ways to solve these four problems.

First, he contacted some famous authors and asked them to try to reduce the length of the content. Then, he got a number that amazed him.

For a blog with 3,000 words, the click rate was around 75%, and the proportion of user comments only accounted for 0.5% to 1% of the click rate.

In other words, if 100,000 people read a blog post of 3,000 words, 75,000 people would leave before finishing it, and the remaining 25,000 people would finish reading and comment on the National People's Congress would be around 500-1,000 people.

For the same author, if he published a blog post of 1,500 words, the click rate would be reduced to 45%, and the proportion of user comments would account for 1.5% to 2% of the click rate.

In other words, if 100,000 people read a blog post of 1,500 words, 55,000 people would finish reading it, and the National People's Congress would be around 1,500-2,000 people.

The number of words had decreased, but the number of people who finished reading it had increased. Because the number of people who finished reading it had increased, the number of comments had also increased.

This discovery made Chen Tong feel that it was time to slim down the blog. Too long content not only affected the speed of writing, but also interfered with the reading and interaction of users.

When he wanted to continue to try the 1000-word range, Li Mu's blog suddenly became popular!

Chen Tong did not expect that Li Mu's 300-word blog post would become popular all over the country in a very short period of time, and then it became popular all over the world. The media from all over the world translated his simple blog content into their own language, and then reported it in their own country's media. Most of the people in their country agreed with his views, and they even specially found the original address of the blog to comment and like it.

In less than a day, the blog had reached tens of millions of views, and the number of comments was close to a million. Even Chen Tong himself was shocked by this data.

However, he quickly began to analyze the reasons for the popularity of Li Mu's blog:

First, it was written by Li Mu, and Li Mu himself was a super celebrity with his own traffic and attention, so it was normal for him to have a lot of attention.

Second, the content of Li Mu's blog was incisive, and it could resonate with the readers.

Third, and also the most important point, the content of the blog was short and concise!

Only short enough content could ensure the highest reading rate of users, because they could finish reading it in tens of seconds. Basically, they could finish reading it in a blink of an eye, and they wouldn't even have time to react if they wanted to leave.

Only short enough content could cause users to spread it. Jokes with a high transmission rate were short and concise. Not only were they easy to remember, but they were also easy to relay, and it was easy for others to understand. No matter how funny a 15,000-word joke was, not many people could remember it all and then relay it to others.

Only short enough content could attract the crazy attention and retransmission of the media. Whether it was the print media, the online media, or the television media, retransmission of a few hundred words did not need to take up too much space or too much time. That was why the media spread Li Mu's short blog like a virus. If Li Mu's blog was 5,000 words, it would take a full page when translated into English, and the host would have to read it for 15 minutes. How could they report it?

Moreover, Chen Tong had discovered the most crucial point: the creation cycle of short blogs was extremely short, and it could make great use of the author's fragmented time. He could not beg a busy person like Li Mu to write a 1500-2000-word blog every day for his blog that had arguments, writing style, real content, pictures, and even a sense of humor. However, he could beg Li Mu to squeeze out some time from his meals, car rides, rest, and toilet breaks to write 200-300-word short content for his blog every day. It did not need any writing style, real content, or even pictures. All it needed was a theme and it would be fine.

Just like the post that Li Mu had just posted, it could be even shorter than that. For example, the purpose of my business is to make money, and to make more money.

Li Mu could even casually say a few words based on the current hot topics, such as, I wish all the college entrance examination students good results.

It could even be some non-nutritious things, such as, The weather in Beijing is too hot recently, how about you guys?

With Li Mu's influence, it was very easy for his followers to interact with Li Mu when they saw such content. Then, they would respond to Li Mu in the comments section.

For a person like Li Mu who was at the opinion leader level, it was very easy for him to create a few articles a day with such content. Although it didn't seem to have any nutritious content, the majority of fans and supporters would definitely not reject such content. Instead, it could increase the stickiness and increase the user's passion for interaction …

After sorting out all the way to this point, Chen Tong suddenly had a clear set of ideas.

He wanted to create a light blog based on the foundation of his blog, which would take the simplified route in terms of content!

…

While Chen Tong was engrossed in writing the light blog product plan, Li Mu was sitting in the dining room of Chen Wan's house, having dinner with her and her parents.

Li Mu had brought a few bottles of collectible Maotai wine for Chen Wan's father, Chen Yuan. According to Chen Ze, these wines were rare goods that could only be encountered by chance in the collector's market. Basically, not many people were willing to drink them. When Chen Yuan saw them, he couldn't bear to part with them. However, he still took the initiative to open a bottle, wanting to drink a few glasses with Li Mu.

Li Mu didn't know how to taste wine. He only felt that the alcohol content of this wine was frighteningly high. However, since he was eating with his elders, he naturally had to drink a few more glasses.

To Chen Yuan, Li Mu was definitely his benefactor. In the past, even when he was in Jinling, he only took on some small projects under Zhang Kexuan's father. He didn't even have the opportunity to develop a real estate on his own. However, because of Li Mu, he was able to cooperate with Wanying Real Estate and obtained the opportunity to develop a large real estate in Beijing. To him, this was equivalent to five years in one step.

Because of this, Chen Yuan and his wife were extremely polite to Li Mu. They were so polite to the point that Li Mu was a little embarrassed.

As they exchanged glasses, Chen Yuan filled his glass again. He raised it and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, let me toast you again. Thank you for taking care of our family …"

Li Mu instantly stood up and held the glass with both hands, saying that he didn't dare to accept it.

Chen Wan was his woman. To a certain extent, she was also his benefactor. Out of love for Chen Wan, he felt that it was his duty to help Chen Yuan in his career.

He said to Chen Yuan very sincerely, "Uncle Chen, please don't be so polite in the future. You are Sister Wan's father, so you are my elder. No matter what, I am still your junior. You are really giving me a hard time by saying that."

Chen Yuan smiled a little awkwardly and said, "I drank a few glasses and my brain didn't think straight. I will punish myself with a glass!"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. Chen Wan also had a helpless expression. After exchanging glances with Li Mu, she said to Chen Yuan, "Dad, don't drink too much. You became muddle-headed after a few glasses. Your alcohol tolerance wasn't so bad in the past."

Chen Yuan smiled and said, "In the past, when I was in Jinling, I had all sorts of social engagements that I couldn't avoid. After coming to Beijing, I had fewer social engagements and I drank less. My alcohol tolerance also slowly declined."

Chen Wan subconsciously asked, "Why did you have fewer social engagements after coming to Beijing?"

Chen Yuan smiled and sighed, "Jinling is a small place, and we have to be polite to whoever comes. If we pour a glass of wine there, we have to drink it. We can't go down without drinking at least half a liter. However, we are now working on Wanying's land. Wanying's background is in Beijing, whether it is the industry peers, partners, or the higher-ups, everyone knows about it. Therefore, everything is convenient for us. We basically don't need to treat others to a meal and drink with them like before. Even if we have social engagements occasionally, no one will urge us to drink. Not only that, they will even stop me from drinking less. So basically, we don't overdo it."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "It's not a bad thing that your alcohol tolerance has declined. At least your body is healthy."

Chen Yuan smiled and said, "Yeah, I don't drink as much and I'm not as busy as before. In the past, I worked for Xiaowan's uncle. I usually took on many small projects at the same time, so I have to run around every day. Now, I don't have to worry so much."

Li Mu smiled lightly and said, "Uncle Chen, these worry-free days might not last long."

Chen Yuan's heart tightened and he hurriedly asked, "What do you mean?"