Chapter 615

According to Hong Kong's entertainment news, Zu Yaoting was besieged by angry fans for two days straight.

33??

Zu Yaoting never left his company, and those fanatical and indignant fans didn't let him have an easy time. They formed a "group to seek revenge on Zu Yaoting" and worked three shifts around the clock to torment Zu Yaoting. Zu Yaoting tried to escape twice with the help of his bodyguards, but to no avail. Even his Jaguar sports car was overturned by the fans who besieged him. Soon after, the Hong Kong government gave a clear response to the joint report on Zu Yaoting by the entertainment industry. They ordered all the newspapers and magazines under Zu Yaoting's name to stop publication for three months. After three months, they would decide whether or not to resume publication based on the situation. Even the government had made its stance clear. This made Zu Yaoting the most despised person in Hong Kong.

In the end, the Zu family hired a security company to rescue Zu Yaoting from the fans. When Zu Yaoting finally returned home, he didn't even have time to heave a sigh of relief before the elders of the Zu family took turns scolding him. Even his own father was furious and beat him up with a walking stick. The Zu family's stance was also very clear. Since it was Zu Yaoting who caused trouble, he had to find a way to solve it. He shouldn't always rely on his family to clean up after him.

In desperation, Zu Yaoting made a statement through the media. He decided to apologize to Du Wei, Zhang Guorong, and the people of Hong Kong through the media. That night, Zu Yaoting was escorted to TVB by the security company. He bowed and apologized to Du Wei and Zhang Guorong in front of TVB's live camera. Zu Yaoting wept bitterly in front of the camera and was filled with remorse. However, the people didn't seem to buy it. The abuse and attacks on Zu Yaoting didn't stop.

According to Li Mu's plan, he wanted to continue spending money to get Xu Jianjun to hire people to stir up trouble in Hong Kong. His goal was to make all of Zu Yaoting's media businesses disappear. However, Li Mu didn't expect that the day after Zu Yaoting bowed and apologized in front of the media, the entire Zu family started to sell off their businesses in a panic. Among them, all the members of the Zu family under the age of 30 took a plane to Australia that very night. It was rumored that someone powerful wanted to make the Zu family disappear from Hong Kong. The Zu family seemed to feel a huge threat and immediately took the initiative to flee Hong Kong without hesitation.

Even Zu Yaoting himself dissolved his media company and fled to Australia with his wife and children. Only a few old men in their fifties or sixties were left in Hong Kong to sell off their businesses at a low price.

Li Mu also heard the news, but he didn't understand why the Zu family fled Hong Kong. He thought it might be because of Du Wei's family, but Li Mu didn't know much about Du Wei's family, so he didn't delve into it.

In the end, Zu Yaoting wasn't able to cause any substantial impact on Du Wei. Her "Next Stop: Heavenly Queen" was still at the top of the Longhu Chart. After Zu Yaoting's mess, the Hong Kong entertainment industry started to take care of and support Du Wei in a different way.

Makino Image received many contacts from record companies. Now, many songwriters from companies in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan wanted to write songs for Du Wei. Even Zhou Jielun's company expressed that they wanted Zhou Jielun and Fang Wenshan to write two songs for Du Wei. They even hoped that Du Wei would sing a duet with Zhou Jielun in Zhou Jielun's next album.

Overnight, Du Wei seemed to have received the love of the entire entertainment industry. However, this might have something to do with Li Mu's new actions in the past two days.

As early as when the Hong Kong entertainment industry was still boycotting Zu Yaoting, Li Mu had already sorted out the operation plan for the online auction. Xiao Fangfang also represented Li Mu, Makino Technology, and Taobao to release the specific plan for the online auction to the celebrities in the entertainment industry and sent out invitations to all the celebrities. As soon as the online auction plan was launched, it received strong support from the celebrities in the entertainment industry. Almost all the celebrities who received the invitation said without hesitation that they would definitely participate in the Taobao and Seedling Protection Fund's charity auction. As for what they would donate to the auction, Li Mu wasn't in a hurry to know. He let them think about it and wait for the results.

Liu Xiaodong had put most of his energy into the establishment of the logistics company. Li Mu could only lead the whole charity auction by himself. Although Taobao also had employees who could carry out the charity auction, Li Mu still wanted to personally run the first charity auction between Taobao and Seedling Protection Fund. In his opinion, this was very important to Taobao.

Li Mu's idea was to take advantage of the current stage of netizens' inexperience and lack of knowledge on the Internet to quickly take advantage of the entertainment industry to build up the high brand image of Taobao. At the same time, with the special name of Xiao Fangfang and Seedling Protection Fund, coupled with the influence of his major platforms on the Internet in the Mainland, he could achieve a win-win situation with Xiao Fangfang and the celebrities. Once this model was turned, it would continue to bring influence and topics to Taobao in the future.

Li Mu and Xiao Fangfang set a week's registration time. All the celebrities in the entertainment industry could participate in the charity auction. As long as they were willing and thought about what they would donate to the charity auction within seven days, they could directly become a part of the charity auction.

For the stars on both sides of the Taiwan Strait, they also attached great importance to this charity auction. With the participation of Makino Technology and Taobao, this was naturally a very important promotion, and it also had its own halo of charity. Therefore, they were very serious about what kind of items to donate to find the best balance between money and reputation.

Li Mu set the publicity of the charity auction to start a week later. After getting all the registration lists and donation information, the staff of Taobao would make the publicity page and copy according to the specific situation. The online charity auction was set at the end of July, and the time in between would be used for publicity.

…

After arranging the whole execution process of the charity auction, Li Mu calmed down and carefully considered his situation. At present, the scale of his business was getting bigger and bigger, and he was involved in more and more industries, especially Makino Technology and Taobao. The former was already recognized as a domestic Internet giant, and the latter was also developing at an amazing speed. It wouldn't be long before its true value would be revealed, and it would be estimated to be worth billions of yuan. In total, his current net worth was estimated to be more than 10 billion yuan, which was really amazing in 2002. Sometimes, even Li Mu felt scared when he thought about it.

There were many reasons for his fear, but the most important was that deep in his heart, he didn't want to be exposed. Every time his name appeared in the media, Li Mu's heart would skip a beat. He knew in his heart that he couldn't hide so many industries for long. The longer he hid it, the more worried he would be about the huge impact it would bring to his family, friends, and the whole society after being exposed. In the eyes of most people, he was just a college student who accidentally became 3321, and then made some money with 3321's derivative Alipay, which included his parents.

Li Mu wasn't worried about what kind of shock he would bring to the rest of society in the future. What he was most worried about was his family. If one day, his parents suddenly learned about his real situation from the media or through other channels, Li Mu was even worried whether they would be scared by this shocking fact and have problems.

Moreover, the last time he was secretly investigated, it made Li Mu a little alert. All his resume and capital situation couldn't escape the eyes of the people with intentions. Therefore, he had to carefully consider two problems. The first was security, and the second was hiding his assets.

Security was relatively simple. He just had to spend some money to hire some capable people to protect him and his family daily. As for hiding his assets, he might have to put in more effort.

Li Mu didn't know much about the financial operation, so he could only ask Hui Ka Ming for help. At least among the people he knew, Hui Ka Ming was the one who had the most comprehensive understanding of finance. Moreover, due to Hui Ka Ming's family's strong influence, he should have a much higher level of contact and perspective than ordinary people.

The two met in private. When Hui Ka Ming heard Li Mu's current problem, he sighed softly and said, "Actually, I wanted to tell you a long time ago. But I saw that you always have your own ideas and are very far-sighted, so I thought you had a complete plan of your own."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I only have a complete plan for the product and the future development of the business. As for the other things, to be honest, I don't know much about them. For example, my current situation, my parents don't know anything about it. My other relatives, my girlfriend, and my classmates don't know anything about my current situation. I didn't tell them at first because I didn't want to scare them. I wanted to find a gentler way to explain it to them, but …"

Li Mu was speechless. Instead, it was Hui Ka Ming who continued, "But you realized that the speed of your development is so fast that even you didn't expect it. Initially, you didn't want to scare them, so you hid it from them, but you didn't expect the development to make it harder for them to accept."

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I've made a decision these two days. This summer, I'll gradually tell a lot of things about myself to the people around me, starting from my parents."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "That's a technical job. How are you going to let your parents accept the fact that you're now worth more than 10 billion yuan?"

Li Mu said, "I've asked a real estate agent to help me look for a villa. I want to buy a ready-made one, then bring my parents to Beijing to stay for a period of time. I'll slowly explain it to them in the meantime."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "That's a solution."

Li Mu said, "I'm involved in too many industries now. There are a lot of companies that I have shares in. Now, as long as anyone knows someone in the industry and commerce department, they'll be able to easily find out about my current assets. All the shareholders' information and shareholding ratio will be made public. This is really too f * cked up. Therefore, I'd like to ask you, how can I remove or hide my name from companies like Makino Technology, Taobao, and Storm Entertainment?"

Hui Ka Ming said, "Isn't it simple? Register a few offshore companies and create a multi-level holding system. By then, even the government won't be able to find out anything, let alone ordinary people."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Offshore companies?

Sounds familiar, how do you operate it? "

Hui Ka Ming looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a monster. "Offshore companies? Does it sound familiar?

I really have to give it to you. "

After that, Hui Ka Ming sat up straight and explained seriously, "Offshore companies are actually companies that are established in offshore legal zones. They don't have any technical content, but there are two cool points. First, the local government won't charge you any taxes, and second, they will keep the information of the companies registered in their jurisdiction confidential. For example, you can register a company in Hong Kong, then you can entrust a service company to register a company shell in the Cayman Islands that you own 100% of the shares. You can use the Cayman Islands company shell to control your Hong Kong company, then use the Hong Kong company shell to control your domestic company. In this way, the industry and commerce department can only check the shareholders' companies, but it's impossible to check any further. If you don't disclose it yourself, no one will know how many shares you own."

Li Mu suddenly thought of a saying he heard in his previous life. After Ali, Baidu, and Tencent got listed, they were all registered overseas. But he had no idea how they operated it.

At this time, Xu Jiaming continued to say, "In general, it seems very simple, but in fact, it's quite troublesome to operate. However, my dad has a professional operation team. If you want to operate it this way, I can ask them to help you directly. Oh yes, including my Mingcheng Capital."

Li Mu said, "I want to operate all the companies in this way, can I?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said with a smile, "Of course you can. When the time comes, I'll make a multi-layer offshore company plan for you. Then, you can register the related companies, and after the middle links are cleared, you can use it to set up any company of your own. It's just that all the companies related to you will be related to a company that you actually control."

Li Mu nodded, not really understanding, and asked, "Are there many companies that operate this way?

Will the higher-ups target you because of this? "

Hui Ka Ming waved his hand and said, "No, the higher-ups are much better at this than us. Let me put it this way, all the private companies in the world that have a certain scale will operate offshore companies, but they won't let you know. In my opinion, the only private company in the world that has a valuation of more than 1 billion USD without an offshore company shell is probably Makino Technology."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's also Taobao."

"I don't believe it."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Although Taobao is awesome, it's still impossible for it to be valued at 1 billion USD."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In my heart, Taobao's current valuation is at least 1.5 billion USD. Even if an investment bank gives me a valuation of 1.4 billion USD, I won't agree to it."

Hui Ka Ming asked in surprise, "Is Taobao really so ruthless?"

Li Mu nodded. "In my eyes, Taobao is already a big deal. But the investment banks might not believe it, but in a month or two, someone will."

Hui Ka Ming gave Li Mu a thumbs up and said, "You're the best, even the National Mint can't compare to you."