Chapter 1201

Chen Zirui's slap on the table attracted the attention of many students in the cafeteria. Su Yingxue saw that Chen Zirui's action was a little too loud, so she hurriedly comforted her, "Ruirui, don't get too excited. Maybe there are a lot of people applying for the job this time."

Zhen Xiaoxiao said, "There are indeed a lot of people. There are at least three thousand people applying for the job in the whole of Harvard. But this is only the preliminary test. Out of the three thousand people, only one hundred will enter the next round. According to the ratio, out of three hundred Asian students, at least ten will enter the second round. I can't be the only one."

Speaking of this, Zhen Xiaoxiao's indignation was also released. She said angrily, "During the interview, I could see the disdain in James's eyes. He asked me why I wanted to participate in this volunteer application. I said that I have always been very supportive of the philosophy and model of 3321. Its great success in Hua Xia has proved its own value, and I especially hope that 3321 can start from the United States, step by step, to the world. So I want to be a part of 3321 in the United States and contribute to it. Guess what James said."

The two asked in unison, "What did he say?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao said angrily, "That guy shamelessly said that 3321 in the United States is not 3321 in Hua Xia. Although the model of 3321 was created by people in Hua Xia, the team of 3321 in the United States will definitely highly optimize and upgrade the original foundation of 3321. At that time, 3321 in the United States will definitely surpass 3321. He also told me not to be too emotional about the 3321 of Hua Xia."

"Bullsh * t!"

Chen Zirui said disdainfully, "He is just the president of the Student Union. He is nothing in front of Li Mu!

He even dared to belittle Li Mu's 3321! "

Zhen Xiaoxiao agreed and said, "Yes, James is indeed miles away from Li Mu. However, Headmaster Lawrence appointed him as the person in charge of Harvard Station 3321 in the United States, so he has the final say on all the volunteers."

As she spoke, Zhen Xiaoxiao sighed and said, "I think the reason why I can enter the next round is that James still has some concerns. He doesn't want to eliminate all the Asian students in the first round, so he let me pass the first round. In the next round, I will definitely be eliminated."

Chen Zirui said, "Your President is really interesting. He found such a person to be the president of the Student Union. It is simply damaging the reputation of Harvard!"

"There is no other way."

Zhen Xiaoxiao said, "James's family background is very powerful. It is said that the total assets of the family are tens of billions of dollars, and his parents are members of the Freemasonry. They are very influential in the entire United States."

Chen Zirui curled his lips and said disdainfully, "A family with only tens of billions of dollars in assets dares to be so arrogant. It is said that Li Mu's assets alone have reached tens of billions of dollars. Every time Li Mu attends the National People's Congress, he is very polite to everyone. He doesn't have the airs of a billionaire at all."

"That's true!"

Zhen Xiaoxiao responded and said with a face full of admiration, "Li Mu is the greatest pride of our Hua Xia students overseas!"

Zhen Xiaoxiao suddenly remembered that Chen Zirui was an exchange student from the National People's Congress, and Li Mu was also a student from the National People's Congress. So she hurriedly asked, "Ruirui.

Do you know Li Mu? "

Chen Zirui nodded. "Yes."

Zhen Xiaoxiao hurriedly asked again, "Are you familiar with him?"

"I'm not familiar with Li Mu."

Chen Zirui shook his head repeatedly. Then he glanced at Su Yingxue and said with a smile, "If we are familiar with each other, it must be Yingxue. Li Mu is her …"

As soon as the word "boyfriend" came out of Chen Zirui's mouth, it was kicked back into his stomach by Su Yingxue under the table. Su Yingxue didn't want people to know that she was Li Mu's girlfriend. Judging from Li Mu's influence at Harvard University, if this news spread, she was afraid that she wouldn't have a moment of peace at Harvard in the future. Moreover, the pressure of being Li Mu's girlfriend was too great. Su Yingxue didn't know if she could really bear it.

After being kicked by Su Yingxue, Chen Zirui hurriedly shut his mouth. Zhen Xiaoxiao saw that she stopped halfway and couldn't help but ask, "Ruirui, why don't you continue?"

After that, she looked at Su Yingxue and asked, "Yingxue, from what Ruirui said, you are very familiar with Li Mu?"

Su Yingxue could only bite the bullet and said, "I was Li Mu's high school classmate."

"Wow!" Zhen Xiaoxiao asked excitedly, "Really?

You were Li Mu's high school classmate?

Classmate? "

Su Yingxue nodded. "Yes, classmate."

"That's great!"

Zhen Xiaoxiao couldn't help but say, "Yingxue, if you have the chance, can you help me ask Li Mu for an autograph?

You can sign anywhere, as long as it's his autograph. Please! "

Chen Zirui asked with a smile, "Xiaoxiao, don't tell me you like Li Mu?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao nodded very generously. "You can find any girl in Harvard and ask them. Who doesn't like Li Mu?"

Chen Zirui smiled bitterly. "That's true."

As the three of them were chatting, the speaker in the cafeteria suddenly sounded. The speaker was Principal Lawrence. He said in the broadcast, "I'm sorry to disturb your rest time. I'm Principal Lawrence. The reason why I chose to broadcast to all the teachers and students at this time is that I have a very important piece of good news to announce …"

The entire International Student Cafeteria, and even the entire Harvard campus, were attracted by this broadcast. In everyone's impression, President Lawrence might not personally announce something on the radio even once a year. Now that he had suddenly announced something like this, it could be imagined that this matter had really made Lawrence extremely excited.

When everyone's attention was attracted, Lawrence cleared his throat and said solemnly, "I've just confirmed with Mr. Li Mu that he will fly to Harvard tomorrow morning for a second friendly visit to Harvard. Please be prepared to welcome him …"

When Lawrence finished this sentence, the entire campus was suddenly shrouded in screams and cheers. The International Student Cafeteria where Su Yingxue was at was completely boiling. A large number of students were cheering endlessly. Even Zhen Xiaoxiao was screaming excitedly.

It turned out that Li Mu's influence in Harvard was indeed unparalleled!

Back then, Li Mu used this face-to-face method to conquer the entire Harvard University, and even the entire Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From then on, Li Mu became the soul mentor and spiritual lighthouse in the hearts of these talented students. And now, Li Mu was finally coming again!

The entire Harvard was in a state of jubilation. Even the neighboring Massachusetts Institute of Technology was excited.

Lawrence didn't explain the purpose of Li Mu's visit to Harvard over the radio, but the students of Harvard and Massachusetts Institute of Technology were already prepared to welcome the soul mentor. The students immediately began to discuss in private, preparing to receive Li Mu tomorrow.

Su Yingxue already knew that Li Mu had arrived in the United States. She also knew that Li Mu would come to see her, but she didn't expect that Li Mu would actually visit Harvard in a public manner. Although she felt a little uncomfortable in her heart, when she thought about it carefully, she realized that Li Mu might not be able to hide his whereabouts anymore. At this time, if he still wanted to come to Harvard, a public visit was the only feasible way.

Thinking of this, Su Yingxue's mood improved a lot. She took out her phone and sent a message to Li Mu.

"The principal just announced the news of you coming to Harvard over the radio system. Now the entire Harvard is in an uproar."

After sending the message, Zhen Xiaoxiao, who was extremely excited, asked Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, how many classes do you have tomorrow morning?"

"Two. What's wrong?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao said, "Be prepared to skip class. If Li Mu is about to arrive at Harvard, let's go outside together to welcome him!"

Su Yingxue laughed and said, "You don't have to be so exaggerated. He's not a star."

Zhen Xiaoxiao said with a serious face, "In my mind, no star can be compared to Li Mu except for Michael Jackson."

Chen Zirui couldn't help but say, "Xiaoxiao, there's no need to be so obsessed with Li Mu. He will definitely come from the airport by car. The car will drive directly into the school. If you go outside to welcome him, won't you just stand outside the car like a fool?

If the film on the car's glass is darker, I'm afraid you won't even see a shadow. "

"That's hard to say."

Zhen Xiaoxiao said with a smile. Then she looked at the two of them and said mysteriously, "Let me tell you a secret. The last time Li Mu came to Harvard, he took a five-star red flag from a female student named Hua Xia. That girl was me!"

Chen Zirui asked in surprise, "Really?

Then you've had actual contact with Li Mu. "

Zhen Xiaoxiao said, "Yes, but I still can't compare to you. After all, you and Li Mu are classmates in the same school. You should have a chance to meet him before."

Zhen Xiaoxiao looked at Su Yingxue and said with a face full of expectation, "Yingxue, you and Li Mu are classmates in high school. This time, you should have a chance to meet him, right?"

Su Yingxue said, "There should be a chance."

Zhen Xiaoxiao hurriedly said, "If there is a chance, can you take me with you?

I'll be satisfied even if I can just listen to him face to face. "

Chen Zirui couldn't help but tease, "Xiaoxiao, you're really infatuated with Li Mu!"

"Of course not."

Zhen Xiaoxiao said with a serious face, "He's the biggest idol in my life. Of course I hope to have a chance to meet my idol face to face."

Then, Zhen Xiaoxiao looked at Su Yingxue with a pleading expression, "Yingxue, can you help me with this?"

Su Yingxue had no choice but to nod, "If it's possible, I'll try my best."

"That's great!" Zhen Xiaoxiao almost jumped up and cheered for a long time.

At this time, Su Yingxue received a reply from Li Mu, "After I arrive tomorrow, I'll first meet with Lawrence. Then, I'll call Dong Ai and the others for a meeting to discuss the launch of the 3321 American website and the operations after it's launched. Do you have time tomorrow night? Let's have dinner together?"

Su Yingxue hurriedly replied, "Okay, you go do your own things first. I'm fine with anything."

After replying to Li Mu's message, Zhen Xiaoxiao held her phone with a depressed expression. After a moment, she threw her phone on the table and said angrily, "That damned James, he actually told me to go to the second test tomorrow morning at nine o 'clock!"

"Tomorrow morning at nine o 'clock?"

Su Yingxue frowned, "You should have classes in the morning. Clubs shouldn't invade students' class time."