Chapter 825

Li Mu had set a very high standard for the treatment of his employees. To a certain extent, Wang Yuanlang was also his employee, and he had to develop him into a confidant. Therefore, Li Mu could solve the household registration and housing for him.

On one hand, Li Mu hoped that Wang Yuanlang could become his confidant. On the other hand, his wife and children would be in Yanjing in the future, and they could all rely on him to live a life that they had never had before. This was also a constant motivation and spur for him.

Therefore, after listening to Li Mu's words, even Wang Yuanlang couldn't stay calm. It was easy to find a job in Yanjing, but it was too difficult to find a household registration and a house in Yanjing. If the latter two could be solved, then he would basically be a complete Yanjing citizen. This was very attractive to Wang Yuanlang.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "It's not just you. In the future, the household registration and housing problems of Wu Xuewen and Zhou Zhan will also be solved by the company."

Wang Yuanlang nodded hard and said, "Then I thank you on behalf of my brothers."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "You're welcome. Everyone is working extra hard for my safety. In a few days, I'll be thick-skinned and look for Division Commander Shi and ask him to arrange a combat team. This way, you guys can also be more relaxed in the future."

Although he knew that Li Mu was trying to rope him in, and the condition was for him to be loyal and keep his mouth shut, Wang Yuanlang was still moved by Li Mu at this time. Li Mu could be so thoughtful to rope him in, which was enough to prove that Li Mu valued him and his sincerity. In this case, he must redouble his efforts to do a good job in his safety. In addition to protecting his personal safety, he must also strictly guard his personal privacy.

When Li Mu arrived at Wanying, Song Liang, Chen Ze, Wei Lan, Chen Fang, Zhang Zicheng, and Ye Youdao were all there. Because Li Mu didn't come, Song Liang first arranged for Chen Fang and the other two to sit in the reception room. When Li Mu arrived, everyone would have a meeting.

When Li Mu went downstairs, he sent a text message to Song Liang. Then Song Liang immediately called everyone to the conference room. When everyone sat down in the conference room, Li Mu also arrived.

Chen Yuan, Zhang Zicheng, and Ye Youdao. Li Mu had only met Chen Yuan yesterday, and it was his first time meeting the other two. Song Liang first introduced Li Mu to each other. After they got to know each other, everyone sat opposite each other at the huge conference table. Li Mu and the people from Wanying Real Estate sat on one side, while the three people from Jinling sat opposite.

Without any delay, Li Mu went straight to the point.

The four pieces of land were to be developed by the three companies. Considering the strength of the three companies and Chen Yuan's purpose of not wanting to work on this project alone, Li Mu directly distributed the land. Ye Youdao would get the two biggest pieces, which would total 60%. Zhang Zicheng and Chen Yuan would get the other two pieces, which would total 40%.

The three of them didn't have any objections. According to their strength, this was the most reasonable distribution. Otherwise, if Zhang Zicheng and Chen Yuan took the majority, the two of them wouldn't be able to handle it. After all, they weren't on the same level as Ye Youdao.

It was easy to set the quota. Next, the most important thing was to discuss the details of three aspects:

First, how to invest.

Second, how to take the proportion.

Third, how to develop it.

Li Mu first set the tone. "For the cooperation of the four pieces of land, Wanying will only provide the land, not the money."

This was also the fundamental reason why Li Mu wanted to take out the four pieces of land to cooperate with other real estate developers instead of doing it himself.

He wanted to be transferred to commercial real estate projects, so he couldn't build seven real estate projects at the same time. Therefore, he had to cooperate with others. Moreover, he would invest in the land without paying extra.

Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan had already expected this, so they weren't surprised at all. They didn't hesitate at all and directly agreed to the first point.

Then, it was the second point: how to take the proportion.

The land price continued to soar with the popularity of the Three Round Bridge, but the overall construction and installation cost basically didn't increase. This was the characteristic of the real estate market in big cities. The proportion of the total investment cost would be higher and higher.

The same design drawings, construction standards, and supporting facilities standards in Yan Jing's Third Ring Road were not much higher than construction in a fifth-tier city like Haizhou. Other than the increase in labor costs and the increase in the local government's public relations costs, the other aspects could almost be balanced. However, the higher land price was too obvious. It was simply a world of difference.

Based on the current land price of the Three Round Bridge, the cost of the land had already accounted for nearly 60% of the normal development, and this proportion would continue to rise along with the land price. Li Mu's plan to turn the Three Round Bridge into Yan Jing's Manhattan was only on paper. If this plan was launched and successful, the land price of the Three Round Bridge Real Estate Project would exceed 70% under normal circumstances.

This was actually the problem that the three families were most worried about. If Li Mu was stubborn about the proportion, the profit margin left for them would be smaller. Of course, everyone hoped to use this project to enter the Yan Jing real estate market, but they also hoped to have enough profit margin.

Regarding this problem, Li Mu decided to give the three families a certain amount of favorable conditions. Not only did the three families have a personal relationship with each other, but he also had a very deep personal relationship with the children of the three families, especially Chen Yuan. He came out of Chen Wan's house today. Chen Wan's eye-catching bright red bedsheets reminded Li Mu all the time, so his desire to break the real estate project and feed it to Chen Yuan was even stronger than before.

Li Mu wanted to use this opportunity to tie the three families to Wan Ying. In the future, not only could they follow Wan Ying to do residential real estate projects, but they could also help him control the real estate developers in Yan Jing and other cities, so that these real estate developers could put more energy into residential real estate, and then reduce the pressure on commercial real estate. So, in summary, this was a move that could kill many birds with one stone. Whether or not it could achieve the goal depended on whether or not Li Mu could manage the balance.

"Balance" was the most important point in multi-party business cooperation. It was very similar to the combination of Chinese medicine prescriptions. Every medicine had its own unique function in this pharmacy. Some were used to cure diseases, some were used to counteract poison, some were used to treat the body, and some were used to simply amplify the effect. Moreover, everyone's proportion had to be balanced. Otherwise, if there was a mess, the prescription that could cure diseases and save lives could become a poison that could kill people.

Li Mu had tried his best to achieve balance in the distribution of the four pieces of land. On the issue of proportion, he also made appropriate concessions in his heart. However, he said to the three nervous people who were waiting for him to continue, "Let's put aside the matter of proportion for now. Let's talk about how to develop it first."

The other three families had no objections. Although the cost of normal development could be roughly calculated by the plot ratio, they still needed to know what kind of real estate project Li Mu wanted them to develop.

Li Mu first talked about the overall concept of the "Yan Jing Manhattan" plan, so that the three families could have a general understanding of his ideas.

Ye Youdao and the others were not very clear about the overall plan and concept of Li Mu before. They only heard from Song Liang that these four pieces of land would be planned as a whole with the three pieces of land left by Wan Ying in the future. This way, they could work together to achieve the greatest influence and the largest profit margin. However, this was the first time they heard the complete version of the plan.

After Li Mu finished introducing the "Yan Jing Manhattan" plan, the three people's expressions were filled with uncontrollable excitement.

Only then did they understand that what Li Mu wanted to do was not as simple as building and selling houses. He wanted to popularize the concept of Three Yuanqiao Business Center through real estate projects and public opinion. He wanted to push Three Yuanqiao's land price and its position in the hearts of the people, so that Three Yuanqiao could become a high-end business center where the elite gathered.

There was a lot of premium space for speculating on concepts. If the normal trend of housing prices was 30% per year, then once the concept became popular, the annual growth of housing prices in the region could easily double or even go higher. The profit margin was very large, much larger than a simple development.

And Li Mu's specific development requirements for them were: Wan Ying would take out three pieces of land to develop ultra-luxury residential real estate; Ye Youdao would use two pieces of land to develop second-class luxury residential real estate; Zhang Zicheng and Chen Yuan's two pieces of land to develop mid-to-high-end residential real estate.

The seven real estate projects would cover from mid-to-high-end to ultra-high-end, and prepare for the elite of Three Yuanqiao to gather in the future.

Since they wanted to do mid-to-high-end and high-end residential projects, the proportion of construction and installation costs would naturally be higher than ordinary real estate projects. Therefore, Li Mu gave the three very favorable conditions for cooperation:

First of all, as long as the three companies accepted his plans for mid-to-high-end and high-end residential projects, then Wan Ying would lead the planning and design of their four pieces of land.

The planning and design could be modified through negotiation, and Wan Ying would not make the final decision.

Secondly, after the two parties confirmed the specific plans, the actuary would calculate the construction and installation costs and make a real-time comparison with the land price at that time. Wan Ying would give the three companies 5% of the actual results calculated by the actuary.

In other words, if the actuary based on the specific development and construction plan determined that land price accounted for 50%, construction and installation costs and other trivial costs accounted for 50%, then Wan Ying would invest 45% of the entire project with the land, and the other three companies would get 5% of the profits, which would make up 55%.

Don't underestimate 5%. In real estate projects that easily cost hundreds of millions, 5% of the profits represented was also a very large number.

In addition, Li Mu made an additional request: in the four real estate projects developed by the three companies, 10% of the housing should be sold to Makino Technology and Taobao at a price 20% lower than the market price at the time of opening.

The three companies almost reached a consensus without hesitation: do as Li Mu said!

Therefore, they readily accepted Li Mu's full set of cooperation models. After all, it was not a pure cooperation between companies. There were all kinds of favors involved. It was extremely rare for Li Mu to take the initiative to give them opportunities and take the initiative to give them profits. The results were much better than they had expected. It was almost impeccable.

Everyone reached a consensus very quickly. Li Mu was relieved. The real estate projects were generally on the right track, and the next step was to wait for the specific plans and design drawings.

…