Chapter 1666

When Li Ziwei conveyed the message that Roland Mas wanted to apologize to Li Mu, Li Mu was in his yard, busy training the silly Li Gouzi.

Although this Corgi was invincibly cute, in terms of IQ, it was not at the top of the dog world. At best, it was average. The most basic commands such as picking up a ball or a Frisbee, sitting down, or shaking hands were not difficult for it, but the more complex commands were more or less strenuous.

Li Mu really wanted Li Gouzi to learn the skill of pretending to be dead after being shot, but after feeding it half a pack of pet biscuits, the silly guy still hadn't learned it.

At this time, Li Ziwei called Li Mu. Li Mu simply threw the tennis ball in his hand far away and let Li Gouzi run to pick it up himself. Only then did he take out his cell phone and answer the call.

"Li Zong, are you busy?"

Because it was the weekend, Li Ziwei didn't want to communicate with Li Mu about work matters. There were some matters that Li Mu came to her for. She also tried to suppress them as much as possible. Only the more urgent matters would be conveyed to Li Mu. The main reason was that Li Ziwei hoped that the workaholic Li Mu could have a good rest on the weekend and not deal with work matters endlessly.

Li Mu also knew this habit of Li Ziwei. He smiled and said, "Ziwei, you rarely call me on the weekend. What's the urgent matter?"

Li Ziwei said, "Roland Mas' assistant sent me an email. The email said that the chairman of the board of directors of Mars, Roland Mas, wishes to personally visit you in Hua Xia and express his apologies to you in person."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "You only understood now? Then let him come."

Li Ziwei said, "The other party hopes that you can give an exact time so that they can arrange the itinerary."

Li Mu said, "Tell his assistant that I don't have an exact time. A country as big as Hua Xia is right here, and Beijing is right here. He can come whenever he wants. Does he need to ask me?

However, before he arrives in Beijing, I won't arrange any meetings or calls with him. My motto is: Come first, then talk. "

"Okay." Li Ziwei said with a smile, "Then I know how to reply. I'll communicate with them now."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Oh right, 'Flying Tigers' has been completed. Spielberg and the rest are finishing up. Help me contact him and confirm a specific departure time. Contact China Airlines to charter a plane to bring them from Spring City to Beijing. Then, arrange a hotel for them to rest in Beijing for two days. Then, charter a plane to send them back to America."

The reason why he wanted to bring Spielberg and the rest to Beijing was because Li Mu had promised Du Wei that he would let Spielberg and the rest change their route to Beijing and give her another chance to meet everyone.

Li Mu did not know why, but he had long pampered Du Wei to the skies in his heart.

Li Ziwei immediately said, "Okay, Li Zong. I'll make the arrangements. I'll let you know the exact time."

"Okay."

…

Roland Mas had been waiting for Li Mu's feedback. Li Ziwei directly translated Li Mu's original words into English. Li Mu's arrogant and disdainful attitude made Roland Mas's teeth hurt.

He originally thought that if he made it clear that he was willing to go to Hua Xia to apologize, Li Mu would give him a way out. Even if it was half a way out to make him look better, it would be fine. At the very least, it would be fine if Li Mu welcomed him!

However, Li Mu just wanted to trample him and his dignity under his feet, repeatedly trampling on him and not giving him a chance to back off.

Whether it was Mars or Roland Mas, Li Mu had long seen it clearly. He had ten thousand ways to attack Mars and Roland Mas, but Mars and Roland Mas had no channels and ways to attack him.

Could it be that they wouldn't sell candy and dog food to him in the future?

First of all, he didn't like candy. Moreover, Li Gou 'zi's current dog food was all sponsored. Even if Mars came to his door, he wouldn't care.

Roland Mas still imagined that as a successful physical entrepreneur, Li Mu would give him some face. Now it seemed that Li Mu really didn't care about him at all, which made him angry.

But hatred was useless.

The entire board of directors had voted to ask Roland Mas to go to Hua Xia to apologize to Li Mu.

Moreover, an apology could not be achieved just by going. The board of directors set a few goals for Roland Mas that he must achieve.

First, he must obtain Li Mu's forgiveness and let him end his hostility to Mars.

Second, restore all official Titters of Mars, and restore Mars' normal management authority over the official Titters.

Third, remove the keyword block on Weibo Titter.

Fourth, delete all the negative news during this period. If it was impossible, at least strive to stop Makino Technology from adding fuel to the fire.

Roland Mas also knew in his heart that before these four goals were achieved, he had to keep pretending until the goal was achieved.

So, the next morning, with a heart full of humiliation, he boarded his own private jet and flew from the United States to China.

This time, Roland Mas brought seven people with him. Four of them were his personal bodyguards. Of the other three, two were his secretary and assistant. There was also his most trusted think tank and assistant, Thomas, a top student who graduated from Wharton Business School.

During the ten-hour flight to Hua Xia, Roland Mas was in a bad mood. Everyone knew the reason why he was unhappy. As the chairman of the board of directors of a Fortune 500 company, he had to travel thousands of miles to Hua Xia to apologize and beg for forgiveness from a young man. It would be strange if he wasn't annoyed.

However, no one dared to comfort him. They knew that Roland Mas cared about his face. If they tried to comfort him at this time, it would be equivalent to slapping him in the face.

When Roland Mas' private plane landed at Yanjing Airport, it was noon on Monday.

Long before Roland Mas' private plane took off, the head of Mars' Hua Xia company immediately began to receive them. He booked the best hotel in Yanjing for Roland and his party. At the same time, he sent a luxury motorcade to the airport to pick them up. He was fully prepared for Roland and his party.

Before getting off the plane, Roland Mas, who had changed into a suit and came out of his private bedroom, said to his assistant with a black face, "Mia, contact the motorcade and tell them that we won't be having lunch. After we finish the customs formalities, the motorcade will go directly to Makino Technology."

The female assistant called Mia nodded and said, "I'll contact Mr. White right away."

White was the CEO of Mars' Hua Xia branch. He had worked under Roland Mas for more than a decade and knew Roland Mas's style very well. He knew that Roland Mas loved face and enjoyed himself, so he prepared a sumptuous lunch in advance to welcome Roland Mas. In addition, he himself came to the airport with the motorcade.

However, White didn't expect Roland Mas to be so anxious that he didn't even have lunch and went directly to Makino Technology.

However, he didn't dare to have any objections. He directly ordered the person in charge of the motorcade, "After receiving the chairman of the board, the motorcade will go directly to the headquarters of Makino Technology."

About half an hour later, Roland Mas and his party completed the customs formalities and walked out of the airport terminal. White, who had been waiting for a long time, hurried to greet them. He shook hands with Roland Mas and said, "Mr. Mas, welcome to Hua Xia. You've worked hard."

Roland Mas said with a cold face, "Cut the crap. Let's go to Makino Technology now and try to solve the problem by today!"

White hurriedly flattered him and said, "Mr. Mas, you've come to Hua Xia in person. I think Li Mu will be flattered. This matter can definitely be solved in the shortest time."

Roland Mas nodded expressionlessly and said, "If Li Mu is really so tactful, that would be great. If it's done early, I'll leave for the United States tonight."

"So anxious?"

White couldn't help but say, "Mr. Mas, why don't you take the opportunity to stay in Hua Xia for two more days? I'll take you to enjoy the scenery of Hua Xia and Beijing. I guarantee you …"

Roland Mas directly reached out and interrupted White. He said coldly, "I'm not interested in Hua Xia, and I'm even less interested in Beijing. I just want to solve this problem as soon as possible and return to the United States as soon as possible."

White hurriedly said, "Of course, in my opinion, Mr. Mas can leave for the United States tonight. When you return to the headquarters, you will be the hero of the entire Mars Group."

Roland Mas' expression eased a little. He said, "I don't want to be the hero of Mars Group. As long as this matter is resolved, those fools on the board will stop!"

White hurriedly sent out another horse and said, "Mr. Mas, you are really noble. If the board of directors knew of your good intentions, they would definitely be very grateful."

"Moved?"

Roland Mas said disdainfully, "That's a bunch of giant babies. Do you expect them to be grateful?"

At this point, Roland Mas said, "I'm not interested in whether they are grateful or not. I just want to solve the problem of Li Mu as soon as possible."

White said, "Li Mu's problem should be very easy to solve. According to my understanding of him, this young man, Hua Xia, is young and hot-blooded. He's against Mars Group. In my opinion, it's just for his face. As long as you give him enough face, this matter can be easily solved."

Roland Mas cursed in his heart. Was he the only one who cared about his face?

Did he not care about his face?

However, he did not complain. Instead, he sighed softly and nodded.

"I hope it can be resolved as soon as possible."

The convoy drove all the way to Benz on the airport highway. In less than an hour, they arrived at the headquarters of Makino Technology. Roland Mas took a deep breath and got out of the car. He then said to his think tank, Thomas, "Thomas, just follow me up to see Li Mu. The rest of you wait here."

Thomas's Chinese was very good, and he could basically communicate normally, so Roland Mas did not bring a professional translator this time. He was going to let Thomas do it for him.

In his opinion, the fewer people there were to witness such an embarrassing matter, the more at ease he would feel.

The two entered the office building of Makino Technology. After reporting their names to the front desk, they thought that the lady at the front desk would immediately take them to see Li Mu. However, they never expected that after the lady at the front desk confirmed their IDs, she said to Roland Mas, "Mr. Roland, our Li Zong's assistant, Miss Li Ziwei, said that Li Zong asked her to pass a message to you."

Roland Mas hurriedly asked, "What message does your Li Zong want to pass on to me?"

The lady at the front desk said politely, "Our Li Zong wants you to hold a press conference first. After you apologize to the media, he will consider whether or not to see you."

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile