Chapter 204

In the evening, Li Mu treated Chen Wan to a meal to celebrate. Other than inviting Chen Wan, he also invited Zhao Kang and Senior Ai.

This meal was not only to celebrate Chen Wan getting the trial offer from Central TV, but also to send her off. She was flying back to Shanghai tomorrow afternoon, and there were still some things she needed to deal with at school.

As for her future plans, Chen Wan said, "If I can get the offer from Yanjing TV, then I'll choose Yanjing TV. If I can't get it, then it's fine. I'll go to Central TV. Anyway, I'll definitely come to Yanjing, so I have to go back to school to deal with some things and some of my personal belongings."

"Why did you choose Yanjing TV first?"

Dong Ai had just toasted Chen Wan with a glass of beer when she heard that Chen Wan had been hired by Central TV. She didn't expect that Chen Wan's words actually meant that Central TV was only a backup. Yanjing TV was her first choice, which made her very surprised.

Chen Wan smiled slightly and stole a glance at Li Mu. She said to her, "Central TV is too serious, I'm afraid my personality won't be suitable there."

Dong Ai sighed, "Yanjing TV is much worse than Central TV. You have to think about it carefully."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Li Mu didn't say much about Chen Wan's future job at the dinner table. He already had a plan in his heart. As long as Chen Wan needed help, he could immediately set up a cultural company and throw money at Chen Wan to support her. For Chen Wan, he was willing to copy all the talent shows and reality shows in the future and steal their jobs.

After dinner, she returned the car to Li Mu. Li Mu drove Chen Wan back to the hotel first. Before leaving, he said to her, "Sister, I'll pick you up at noon tomorrow. Let's have a meal together, then I'll send you to the airport."

Chen Wan hurriedly said, "I'll just take a taxi, don't trouble yourself."

"It's no trouble at all." Li Mu said without hesitation, "It's settled then. I'll call you tomorrow at noon."

After that, Li Mu didn't give Chen Wan a chance to object. He waved his hand and said, "You go, we're leaving."

Zhao Kang and Dong Ai were in the car, so Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, "Kang Zi, I'll send you back to school first."

Zhao Kang nodded, "Tomorrow, tell Sister Wan that you have a safe trip. When she comes back, I'll arrange the first meal."

"Okay." Mu smiled and drove straight to school. "Sister Wan, I, Wan," Li Mu, Li, smiled and said, "Wan, Li Mu.

After sending Zhao Kang to school, Li Mu drove towards the direction of Renmin University. Dong Ai sat diagonally behind Li Mu and said, "Li Mu, buying a car in the first semester of your freshman year, isn't it a little high profile?"

"Yes."

Li Mu smiled and said, "But no one in the school knows that I bought a car. You should be the first. I bought this car to pick up Sister Wan from the airport, and then I lent it to her."

Dong Ai asked curiously, "Did you buy a car for your Sister Wan?"

Li Mu said, "Half and half. If she hadn't mentioned it, she probably wouldn't have thought of buying a car for a while."

Dong Ai smacked her lips and said with a hint of playfulness, "The relationship between you two is really good. I heard from Xiaowan that you two haven't known each other for long."

"It hasn't been long."

Dong Ai added, "I heard they met each other by accident."

"That's right."

Dong Ai sighed and said, "Oh, sometimes fate is a wonderful thing."

Li Mu nodded but didn't reply. Chen Wan was the turning point of his life in his previous life, but he didn't know that she had secretly supported him through four years of college until she died unexpectedly. If she hadn't died at the age of blooming flowers in his previous life, Li Mu might not have developed such a deep relationship with her after he was reborn. After he was reborn, he deliberately tried to get close to her and get to know her. His biggest motive was to change her fate.

It was with this original intention that he got in touch with Chen Wan that Li Mu had the opportunity to know such a kind woman. Over time, he had sincerely regarded her as his elder sister. Moreover, she was the elder sister that he needed to protect with his heart and actions.

When they were about to reach Yucheng Garden, Li Mu asked Dong Ai if she wanted to get off at the school gate first or park the car with him. Dong Ai said, "I'm not in a hurry. You can park the car first."

Li Mu drove the car into Yucheng Garden and parked it in the underground garage. Then, he came out with Dong Ai and walked to the school.

On the way, Dong Ai asked Li Mu, "Does Xiaowan know that you're working on Makino Technology?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "She knew it when I started the Easy Listening Net."

Dong Ai said, "Qing Ya told me that Tieba will soon become the largest Chinese community on the Internet. Is that true?"

Li Mu thought about his current competitors and said, "With the current traffic of Tieba, it should be soon."

Li Mu said it casually, as if it had nothing to do with him. That indifferent and casual side profile made Dong Ai's heart, which she thought was strong, beat heavily a few times.

Although she didn't know much about the Internet, she knew clearly that to be the world's number one in any field was quite an achievement. However, Li Mu didn't care about these achievements at all. This made her suddenly have a new feeling about Li Mu in her heart.

Dong Ai had always dreamed of finding a top elite man to be her other half, but her standards had always been too high. Not to mention her classmates in the National People's Congress, even the seniors in the National People's Congress who had gone abroad to get an MBA came back to chase after her. The reason was very simple. She felt that the other party was far from reaching the elite standard in her heart.

Dong Ai boasted that she was an extremely independent and self-reliant woman, but no one knew that the desire in her heart for a man was to be conquered. What she wanted was a man who was strong enough to conquer her and control her. That was her ultimate pursuit for her other half.

However, the real elites in society were basically over 35 years old. Most of those under 35 years old could only be regarded as potential stocks. Sometimes, she even felt that she had to wait at least until she was 30 years old to fall in love, because she was only 22 years old now. Looking at those elites who were over 35 years old, they still couldn't accept such a big age gap.

However, she didn't expect that the first real elite to appear by her side was actually a junior brother who was three years younger than her …

Then, Dong Ai seemed to have lost all of her mood. She said goodbye to Li Mu at the intersection with a bit of depression and returned to her dormitory.

…

Back in the dormitory, the four people in the dormitory except for Hu Zhengdao were playing Level Up. Liu Nian, who originally knew nothing about poker, had basically gotten used to it after playing a few rounds with Sun Jian. Now, playing Level Up had become a main pastime in the dormitory when they were bored.

Liu Nian and Sun Jian were playing against each other. Because Liu Nian's poker skills weren't good, he and Sun Jian hadn't been able to Level Up. On the other hand, Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei's partner had already risen to 9.

Sun Jian kept reminding Liu Nian to pay attention to cooperation, but Liu Nian always couldn't grasp the essentials. Either he didn't get the points, or he ran away from the points and was caught by the opponent. Sun Jian was depressed, so Liu Nian pulled Li Mu and said, "Mu Ge, help me play. I'll learn from the side. My skills are still not good enough, I can't play well no matter what."

Li Mu didn't refuse and sat down on Liu Nian's seat. Liu Nian went to get a stool and sat beside Li Mu, concentrating on watching him play.

Level Up was a little different from other poker games. Most poker games didn't have any rewards or penalties, so playing was very boring. However, Level Up was a game that was very interesting just by playing. Li Mu didn't like to gamble in his previous life. Occasionally, he would like to play Level Up with a few like-minded friends. Sometimes, they would play for half a day.

Li Mu was an expert player with ten to twenty years of poker skills. Once they started playing, he and Sun Jian cooperated seamlessly. Ever since Li Mu started playing, the two of them had never lost a single round.

Unknowingly, it was already lights out. Sun Jian said, "It's only ten o 'clock. Why don't we light some candles and play a little longer?"

Xue Jianfeng said with a face full of resentment, "Aiya, I don't want to play anymore. Li Mu's poker skills are too tricky. I can't beat him."

Li Yawei also said with a face full of depression, "Next time, if Mu Ge is here, let's draw some numbers to decide the positions."

Li Mu laughed and asked curiously, "Hey, why didn't the guy from the Righteous Path come back?"

Only then did they look at each other.

"Yeah, where did the Righteous Path go?" Sun Jian was also full of surprise.

Li Yawei said, "Maybe he forgot the time on a date. I'll give him a call."

Li Yawei said as she took out her phone. After making a call, she heard the tone of the phone and said to everyone, "His phone is turned off."

Li Mu said, "Why don't we ask Wang Yanan, who has her phone number?"

Everyone spread out their hands, and Li Yawei said, "I'll ask my wife."

After saying that, she called Han Xiaoxiao.

After a moment, Li Yawei said with a wretched face, "Aiya, damn, the Righteous Path is really something!"

"What's wrong?" Everyone asked curiously.

Li Yawei laughed and said, "Wang Yanan didn't go back either. My partner even called her. She said she has something to do tonight and won't go back."

After saying that, Li Yawei squinted her eyes and said, "Don't even think about it. The two of them are definitely together. Maybe the Righteous Path will break through Wang Yanan's last line of defense tonight."

Sun Jian asked, "Are you sure the Righteous Path is with Wang Yanan?"

"Of course."

Li Yawei curled her lips and said, "The two of them must have gone to get a room. They have only known each other for a few months and it has already developed to this stage. We can only be envious."

Xue Jianfeng laughed and said, "You've been with Han Xiaoxiao for so long, why don't you hurry up and break through?"

Li Yawei's expression was a little sad. She smacked her lips and said, "My partner is a conservative person. He keeps saying that he will only let me do it after we get married. Sigh, I still have to wait!"

After saying that, Li Yawei looked at Xue Jianfeng and asked ambiguously, "Brother Feng, have you done it with Chen Qiao?"

Xue Jianfeng's expression flashed with a trace of pride and said, "We just got together for two weeks."