Chapter 1790

Pushing all methods of limiting traffic to algorithms is a common excuse used by internet companies.

Limiting traffic is equivalent to 10,000 people standing on the field performing a group show, and the cameraman is free to film the show.

If the cameraman wanted to be fair, he could directly take a wide angle and include all 10,000 people in the shot. Whoever had the ability to rush to the front, or whoever had the highest speed, would naturally get a higher exposure.

But if the cameraman doesn't want to be fair, he can control the coverage of the camera at any time. Some people might only get a few shots, and some might be skipped by the camera forever.

What can you do to the cameraman if he doesn't want to film you?

You are not satisfied?

Then the cameraman will tell you. Sorry, our show has set the camera's route, and your position is in a blind spot.

If you are still not satisfied and insist that the cameraman is purposely messing with you, then sorry, we will not admit it, and we will not correct it. Anyway, this is not illegal, and I can film whoever I want.

If you are still not satisfied, then sorry, we will not take you on this show anymore. Please turn left and leave.

What? You are regretting it?

Sorry, we have removed your name from the show. If you don't leave, I will call security.

Security, come quickly …

That's why those shops that are restricted by Hungry Men do not care if they complain or protest. It's just an excuse. It's caused by algorithms, and humans can't interfere.

At this moment, the shops realized that they are not on equal footing with the platform. Their every move is restricted by the platform. It's fine if they don't cross the line, but if they do, the platform will punish them until they have no tears left.

Under such circumstances, Hungry Men's Takeout is almost dead.

Most of the shops only cooperate with Hungry Men, causing Hungry Men's Takeout to lose customers rapidly. In a few days, the daily customers dropped from tens of thousands to less than 200.

Most of the riders are no longer working, and they are waiting for Hungry Men's Takeout to continue. As long as Hungry Men does not fire them, they will pay them.

Lu Yunhao had hoped to solve the problem through legal means, but now, his dream is shattered.

The Shanghai market department and the industry and commerce department are not going to interfere with the competition between the two companies. They think this is a normal competition between two emerging companies.

Lu Yunhao fell into complete despair, unable to extricate himself.

The entrepreneurial dream of tens of millions of dollars was extinguished so quickly.

As matters stood, Lu Yunhao was already at his wit's end and was at his wit's end.

He was now faced with two choices. First, he could shut down the company, do a financial liquidation, and shatter his dream of starting a business. Second, he could continue to struggle and struggle at death's door. However, if he continued like this, the daily active users of Bull Takeout would definitely be much fewer than the staff.

For Lu Yunhao, of course, he wanted to persevere. At the very least, he could still give himself a high salary. Then, he could use this time to think about his next step in life.

However, IDG could no longer sit still.

Originally, they had already raised hundreds of millions of US dollars on Wall Street and were prepared to invest in Beef Takeout in the later stages. They were determined to use Beef Takeout to pry a piece of fat from Li Mu's mouth.

However, now that they saw the combat power of the Bull Takeout team, they no longer dared to invest in the follow-up funds.

It was like supporting an unwinnable army to fight an unwinnable war.

If they invested twenty million US dollars, they would lose. If they invested two hundred million US dollars, they would probably lose too.

Under such circumstances, the capitalists on Wall Street had already forgotten their original intention to wrestle with Li Mu. All they could think about was whether they could get the money back and whether there was a need to continue with this project.

When Wall Street joined forces to go against Li Mu, everyone's thinking was very simple. They would invest a sum of money together to support a team and platform that went against Li Mu. They would disgust Li Mu while snatching Li Mu's job. That way, not only could they vent their anger, but they would also have the opportunity to make a lot of money.

Moreover, the most fundamental motive was to make a lot of money.

In other words, while making a lot of money, they could also slap Li Mu in the face. To them, this was something they would do even if they had to risk their lives.

If they could make a lot of money, but they could not slap Li Mu in the face, it was acceptable for them. After all, the first priority of a capitalist was to make money, and the second was to slap faces and show off.

However, if they could not make money, but they could slap Li Mu in the face, these big shots on Wall Street would have to think about it carefully. They were actually not that righteous. Working for nothing was not very attractive to them.

If they could not make money and had to lose money, and they could not slap Li Mu in the face, these big shots would definitely run away with their tails between their legs.

After all, for them, there was no possibility of continuing such a business.

For a real capitalist, any bottom line could be measured by money. A hundred US dollars to slap him in the face, he would definitely not agree. However, if it was a million US dollars, he might seriously consider it. If it was ten million US dollars, most of the big shots on Wall Street would take the initiative to extend their faces. As for the previous grievances, they did not care at all.

Nothing was more important than money.

If there was, it would be more money.

Therefore, a group of big shots on Wall Street, led by IDG, had already discussed the matter of Bull Takeout several times. They were discussing whether to give up on this project. As the discussion continued, more and more people agreed to cut the losses in time.

Therefore, IDG immediately met with Lu Yunhao and proposed the bankruptcy liquidation of Bull Takeout.

When making the request, the tone of IDG's executive was a little unfriendly. He felt that Lu Yunhao was the stupidest person IDG had ever invested in. From the beginning to the end, he was repeatedly beaten up by Li Mu. Such a person had caused IDG and other capital to lose tens of millions of US dollars. He was simply an existence that should be nailed to the pillar of shame.

Lu Yunhao also knew that the bankruptcy liquidation was basically a done deal. If they cut the losses in time, IDG could still get some money back. Otherwise, if they continued to drag on, they might run out of money.

However, when Lu Yunhao saw IDG's disdainful attitude towards him, the arrogance in his heart immediately surged.

Lu Yunhao felt that being defeated by Hungry Mai was not his problem at all. It was because there was no one else who could compete with Hungry Mai in Hua Xia. It was reasonable that he could not do it.

Moreover, the executive of IDG felt that it was his fault that caused the project to fail. This made Lu Yunhao very unhappy.

When they were discussing the severance pay, Lu Yunhao had originally requested that he and the executive he brought be compensated at least a year's annual salary. However, the people from IDG disagreed and were unwilling to compensate a single cent. They requested that the company directly enter the bankruptcy liquidation process and let IDG's audit team enter immediately to carry out comprehensive control of all the accounts and funds. At the same time, all the fixed assets would be registered and valued.

This made Lu Yunhao feel as if he had rented a suite and was living in it. Suddenly, the landlord rushed in and asked him to leave immediately. At the same time, he threw all his belongings into the rubbish heap.

This was not only a financial restriction, but also a humiliation to his character.

Lu Yunhao's stubbornness immediately flared up. He pointed at IDG's executive and scolded, "Don't think that I have to listen to everything you say. According to our contract, although I only hold 20% of the shares, I have absolute voting rights for the first two years of the company's launch. You have no right to replace me!"

In other words, during these two years, everything about Bull Take-Out was decided by Lu Yunhao.

Although the shares were small, the voting rights were there. The terms of the contract were there. It was impossible for IDG to kick him out even if they wanted to.

Unless Lu Yunhao had clearly violated the company's articles of association and relevant laws. For example, accepting kickbacks, embezzlement, and so on.

If Lu Yunhao did not make a principled mistake, IDG would have to wait until the two-year contract was up to take back control of Bull Take-Out.

This made IDG very uncomfortable.

In the beginning, IDG had thought of using Lu Yunhao as its own lackey. While he was allowed to bite Li Mu, it would hold a large share of the shares. Once it was successful and sold in the future, it would naturally be able to get a large sum of money.

At that time, Lu Yunhao thought that he could sacrifice most of the shares for this project, but he had to get enough money. At the same time, he had to get absolute control.

Therefore, in order to avoid being kicked out of IDG's management, he specifically asked for a two-year period of absolute safety.

Although he had not really started a business, he had heard many stories about entrepreneurship.

Back then, the founder of Cisco had diluted his shares too much and did not get enough voting rights. In the end, he lost his right to speak and was kicked out of the management by the board of directors.

In other words, the original founder was like Boss Ma of Ali. The shares in his hands had been diluted to a very low degree. At the same time, like Boss Ma, he was still in charge of the company.

However, because he did not have enough voting rights, he did not have absolute control in the company.

At this time, if the people in the board of directors united and gathered together 51% of the voting rights, they could directly vote the founder to get out.

This way, although the founder still had the shares, he would completely lose control of the company.

In order to avoid this, Boss Ma even gave up on going public in Hong Kong. At the same time, he raised the partnership structure and AB share structure. While diluting the shares, he did not dilute the voting rights. He even specially asked Sun Zhengyi and other shareholders for voting rights. This way, although he was not the major shareholder, he still had absolute control of the company.

Lu Yunhao was also guarding against this move from the major shareholder. Want me to get out?

No way, I'm not going to get out!

Therefore, Lu Yunhao slammed the table and announced on the spot that Bull Double-food would not enter bankruptcy proceedings. On the contrary, he would stop the take-out service of Bull Double-food and expand into other businesses.

The executives of IDG were going crazy. They gave Lu Yunhao 40 million USD, which was almost 300 million USD. They hired a lot of people and bought a lot of hardware equipment, including a large number of commercial computers, cars, mobile phones, electric scooters, bicycles, batteries, and built a few charging stations. They even subsidized users and riders with large amounts of cash. Some time ago, they invested a few million USD in an electric scooter company. At the same time, they were preparing to start researching and developing lithium battery technology.

If they were to liquidate now, they would probably be able to get back half of the cash and fixed assets. However, if they allowed Lu Yunhao to continue, they might not even have a cent left!