Chapter 899

It had been a few days since the start of school at Renmin University. The guys in dormitory 606 had been staying on an empty bed, living in a six-person room.

In fact, everyone had long been used to the days when Li Mu was not in the dormitory. Since the rise of 3321, this guy rarely went to class, let alone returned to the dormitory. No one knew what he was busy with outside every day. They only knew that even if he didn't go to class, didn't return to the dormitory, and didn't take exams, the school still wouldn't find trouble with him. They would definitely guarantee that he would graduate successfully and get his degree. Maybe the school would even give preferential treatment to Li Mu and directly recommend him for postgraduate studies.

However, since the summer vacation, when Li Mu was suddenly exposed on TV, these guys who used to live in the same dormitory with him realized that they had always been hiding a billionaire, an unbelievably awesome God.

When Li Mu officially appeared on TV as the founder of Makino Technology, although the five guys in the dormitory were in different places, they all had the same thought in their hearts. They felt that everything was so unreal.

It wasn't that the Li Mu on TV was unreal, but the Li Mu who had been living with them all the time was unreal.

If Li Mu was not suddenly exposed as a billionaire, and had only won five million in the lottery, it was estimated that everyone would still tease him, and then ask him to treat them to meals, karaoke, and baths, and then eat his rich for three years. However, not only did Li Mu's net worth suddenly reach hundreds of millions, but even his identity had changed dramatically. This change was too strong for the five people in Li Mu's dormitory, so much so that everyone instinctively felt as if they and Li Mu were suddenly separated by a dimension.

One second, he was a brother who slept next door, eating skewers and drinking together. The next second, he changed, put on a suit, and became a successful person in the eyes of the whole country. This gave a huge impact to the five people in the dormitory, so much so that everyone felt in their hearts that Li Mu and they were no longer in the same world.

Therefore, when they learned about the real situation of Li Mu, they subconsciously called him to congratulate him. In fact, they didn't even know how to say a word. They kept saying over and over again, "You're really good at hiding things!

Yes!

He was too good at hiding it!

Li Mu did not reveal anything to his five brothers in advance.

When everyone watched the interview and saw Kong Lingyu, the general manager of Makino Technology, they realized that Li Mu had never intended to tell them the truth from the very beginning.

Why?

What did Li Mu say when everyone helped Li Mu with the 3321?

He said that he had a cousin who was in the Internet business and had some money. 3321 was invested by his cousin. At that time, someone also saw his so-called cousin. Later, he found out that it was not his cousin at all, but his subordinate.

In fact, Li Mu did tell a lot of lies to his roommates at that time. Although he didn't mean any harm, and he just wanted to make things easier for them, when he suddenly became a phoenix, his white lies and concealment still caused a lot of psychological damage to his roommates. It was inevitable that they would feel sad and sad because they always treated him as a brother, but he always treated them as a fool.

Therefore, since the beginning of the semester, when everyone reunited until now, no one suggested asking Li Mu for a gathering.

The few brothers in the dormitory often talked about Li Mu. Everyone paid special attention to Li Mu, Makino Technology, and Taobao. Although they had some complaints about Li Mu, in the end, they were extremely proud of Li Mu. Every achievement of Li Mu was a great joy to them.

After class that day, Sun Jian, the oldest in the dormitory, prepared to invite everyone for a meal. As for the reason, it was mostly related to Li Mu.

In fact, from the moment he ate in the cafeteria in the morning, he had seen the news of Makino Technology and YY becoming popular overseas on TV. Even the CCTV host could not suppress the pride on his face when he reported the news. As Li Mu's roommate, the pride in his heart was even harder to control.

When they went out for lunch, Sun Jian passed by a newsstand and deliberately stopped to take a look. There were more than a dozen newspapers placed there, and almost all of them had headlines about Makino Technology and YY.

In the afternoon class, the professor in charge of marketing deliberately used the rapid spread of YY among the elites overseas as an example. Combined with the contents of the textbook, he mainly talked about the key role that a good product could play in marketing. The professor said, "A good product, especially a perfect product like YY, has a strong market development ability. Because of the excellent quality of the product, it has a strong word-of-mouth marketing effect. It doesn't require much effort to promote, and it can gain a large number of users and market share just by relying on word-of-mouth."

The professor also used Lao Gan Ma as an example. Although the current Lao Gan Ma was not as popular as it was in the future, it was still a large enterprise with an annual output of hundreds of millions. It was similar to YY to a certain extent. Both were good products that had not seen much advertising, but could use word-of-mouth to create miracles.

After the whole day, Sun Jian was extremely proud of himself. He wished he could have a big drink with Li Mu in person to congratulate him. However, Sun Jian also knew that Li Mu was probably very busy right now. He was afraid that Li Mu would not have time to drink with him. Therefore, he thought he might as well call everyone out and have a drink together.

Although Sun Jian's family was average, he had earned quite a lot of money from tutoring at 3321 for the past year. Not only did he give a lot to his family, but after paying the tuition and fees for his sophomore year, he still had a lot of money left in his hands. Therefore, he could spend a lot more freely. After class, he called his four roommates and said that he wanted to treat everyone to a barbecue and beer outside the school.

Li Yawei and Hu Zhengdao both had girlfriends, and both of their girlfriends were Zhao Ziqiu's roommates. Therefore, the two of them asked Sun Jian if they could bring their family members. Sun Jian agreed without hesitation and allowed everyone to bring their family members along.

Xue Jianfeng, who was the second oldest in the dormitory, asked Sun Jian, "Should we give Li Mu a call and ask if he has time?

We haven't seen him since the summer vacation. "

Sun Jian didn't even think about it and said over the phone, "Forget it. Li Mu is really a person who earns hundreds of thousands of yuan per minute. How would he have time to eat with us? Even if he really has time, we can't delay his business, right?"

Xue Jianfeng thought about it and felt that it made sense. Although they were all roommates, Sun Jian was worth hundreds of millions of yuan. Even if he had a single hair on his body, it would still be more than the combined wealth of the other five roommates. Under such circumstances, asking him out for a drink and a barbecue was really not very appropriate.

Li Yawei's girlfriend, Han Xiaoxiao, had just gotten out of class when she received Li Yawei's call. Different from the other girls in the dormitory, she and Zhao Ziqiu were not only roommates, but also classmates. When she heard that Sun Jian was treating them to a meal, she said to Li Yawei, "Why didn't you say so earlier? I made plans with Ziqiu to eat Japanese barbecue tonight."

Li Yawei said, "Hey, then call Ziqiu too. Japanese barbecue and Chinese barbecue are pretty much the same, they mean the same thing."

Han Xiaoxiao burst into laughter and said, "Nonsense, how can Japanese barbecue and lamb skewers be the same thing!

Japanese barbecue restaurants are all tatami, quiet and elegant. Not only can you eat barbecue, you can also eat sashimi … "

"Sashimi my a * s!"

Li Yawei rarely acted tough in front of her girlfriend and said, "Look at how cocky you are, weren't you the one who used to eat lamb skewers so hard that sparks would fly from the metal skewers?

Now you're talking about quiet and elegant … "

Han Xiaoxiao didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She said angrily, "Li Yawei, watch your words, when did I lose my ladylike image?"

Li Yawei said impatiently, "What nonsense are you talking about, boss already said to bring a family member, don't stand me up!"

Han Xiaoxiao was helpless, her tone softening as she said, "Alright then, I'll ask Ziqiu if she wants to come along."

After hanging up, Han Xiaoxiao ran to Zhao Ziqiu's seat and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Ziqiu, Li Yawei's dormitory boss said that she's treating tonight, and she insisted on bringing a family member, do you want to come along?"

After saying that, Han Xiaoxiao was afraid that Zhao Ziqiu wouldn't agree, so she added on purpose, "You're quite familiar with the people in their dormitory, why don't you come along?"

Zhao Ziqiu's eyes immediately lit up, and she asked her instinctively, "Is Li Mu going?"

"Ah?"

Han Xiaoxiao was stunned, and she said awkwardly, "I don't know, sigh, he probably won't go … I heard from Li Yawei that they're too embarrassed to call Li Mu now, afraid that they'll delay Li Mu from doing big things."

Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "They haven't contacted Li Mu all this time?"

"Nope."

Han Xiaoxiao said, "That's understandable, if one day you become a billionaire, you'll be so busy all day long, and you'll be on all kinds of news headlines. If it were me, I'd be too embarrassed to look for you too …"

Zhao Ziqiu felt a little strange in her heart. On one hand, she understood that Li Mu was at his busiest, but on the other hand, she felt that Li Mu shouldn't have no contact with his roommates at all, and should continue to keep in touch.

So, Zhao Ziqiu said to Han Xiaoxiao, "Since I have nothing to do, I'll go with you for dinner."

Han Xiaoxiao immediately smiled and said, "That's great, Hu Zhengdao must have called Yanan too, let's go together."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded, and the two of them walked out of the classroom together, and Han Xiaoxiao took out her phone to call Wang Yanan.

While Han Xiaoxiao was arranging a meeting place with Wang Yanan over the phone, Zhao Ziqiu secretly sent a text message to Li Mu, "I'm having dinner with your roommates tonight, do you want to come over and have some barbecue with us?"

Li Mu was on Taobao at the moment, continuing to discuss the details of the promotional activities with Boss Lei.

Makino Technology was in the best state at the moment, the team for Paradise Town and the server were all ready to go, Ding Zhenglin was also following up on the financing, and Elon Musk was coming to Hua Xia soon, Li Mu might not have time in the next few days, so he was racing against time to take care of Taobao's matters.

Li Mu hoped that Taobao could be well-prepared, and once Boss Ma's Le Tao and related promotional activities were launched, they would use their own activities to destroy Boss Ma.

Just as they were discussing the matters related to the recent recording of video advertisements by celebrities, Li Mu saw the text message from Zhao Ziqiu.

When he saw the content of the text message, Li Mu felt quite upset. Ever since school started, he had not gone back to school, nor did he return to the dormitory. He did not even call his roommates. It was not because he felt that he was different from them, but because he was busy.

He was indeed too busy. Every day, after he woke up and washed up, he would either go to Makino Technology or Taobao. Both were critical times, and there were a lot of things to do. He was busy from ten in the morning to twelve at night, and he still felt that he could not handle it. He did not even have time to see Zhao Ziqiu, let alone his roommates.

In the past, Li Mu did not believe that a successful entrepreneur could be so busy. When he saw Lu Yu's interview with Wang Jianlin, Wang Jianlin said that he arrived at the company at seven in the morning, and his daily work schedule was precise down to the minute, and he was ready to take a private jet to any city at any time. At that time, Li Mu thought that the episode was a show. He was the richest man in the world, and he had so much money that he could not spend it all in a few lifetimes, but he was still so busy every day. Was he not sick?

With so much money, why did he not enjoy life?

What was the point of struggling?

However, now that he was managing so many things, he realized that Wang Jianlin's episode was not pretentious at all. The richer he was, the more he could not stay idle, because it was not only to make money, but also to realize his personal ideals and greater pursuits.

At that time, Wang Jianlin said in the program that he hoped Wanda City could become an existence that surpassed Disney. This was not necessarily for the sake of making money, but more for his own pursuit.

The same was true for Li Mu. If he wanted to retire now, he could sell most of the company's shares to the capital and let them find a great professional manager to manage it. In the future, the dividends from the shares alone would be enough for him to spend for several lifetimes. Why did he still work so hard?

Wasn't it for the pursuit and ideals in his heart?

Makino Technology carried Li Mu's national dream. Although he had witnessed Hua Xia becoming the world's largest Internet market step by step in his previous life and played the role of an inconspicuous screw, Li Mu had always had a big regret in his heart. In the vast Hua Xia and Hua Xia Internet industry, there was not a single company or product that could stand in the world. Therefore, in this life, Li Mu hoped that he could break this shackle for Hua Xia's Internet industry. Putting aside everything else, the first thing he needed to do was to build YY into a truly world-class product and let its users spread all over the world.

As for Taobao, it carried Li Mu's pursuit of the domestic e-commerce industry. He did not want to be like Boss Ma, who earned all the fake goods and then turned around to become the first person to crack down on fake goods. He hoped that Hua Xia E-Commerce would walk the right path from the beginning!

He wanted to set an example for all the e-commerce platforms in the future and give Hua Xia E-Commerce a better start.

It was because he had poured his ideals into his career that Li Mu had always maintained an amazing explosive power. He was so busy that he could not find the north, and he was so busy that he almost had no private life.

However, when he saw Zhao Ziqiu's text message, Li Mu suddenly longed for a short time in his heart. He longed to be able to unload the burden of ideals and identity, and embrace and enjoy life with the mentality of a young man. At this time, he seemed to be in the streets of Yan Jing in the autumn evening. The cool breeze brought bursts of smoke and fragrance of barbecue skewers, and his beloved girl was sitting next to him.