Chapter 10

Chen Wan was the first girl to enter Li Mu's room.

When he was young, Li Mu was very shy. Before he graduated from high school, he didn't have any intimate contact with any girls, and he wouldn't bring a girl home. After he went to university, all the way until he started working, those few relationships didn't last long enough to meet his parents. So, this was the first time Li Mu brought a girl into his room.

Li Mu's room wasn't big. At most, it was around 15 square meters. There was a 1.5 meter long bed, a somewhat old desk, a bookcase with a glass door, a wardrobe, and a Red Cotton brand wooden guitar in the room.

The room was a little crowded, but it was very tidy. Chen Wan stepped in and actually smelled a special kind of light fragrance. That smell, to her, was like the smell of laundry detergent being baked by the scorching sun. It was very pleasant to smell.

There were a few posters on the wall. There was a poster of Kurt Cobain and a poster of a Tang Dynasty band. The most unique of them all was a cold poster. There was a train track leading into the fog. A short-haired man was squatting in the middle of the track, his face buried between his legs. Other than that, there was not a single word on the poster.

"This poster is so strange." Chen Wan was surprised. "There's no words. What did you get it from?"

"Dou Wei's album, Dark Dream."

Li Mu said casually, "I got this poster from a stall for one and a half yuan. It's probably an irresponsible pirate. The original one has the words' Dou Wei's Dark Dream 'on it. I didn't bring this one."

Come to think of it, in this era, Li Mu was a huge music fan. He liked pop music and rock music. He was a fan of Michael Jackson, Black Panther, and Nirvana. He could play the guitar, and his voice was not bad. Plus, he was tall, thin, and handsome. Even if he didn't charm thousands of girls, he was still very popular with them.

In university, Li Mu relied on his guitar and singing, and he got two girls to marry him.

Thinking of this, Li Mu missed his university days …

Chen Wan turned to look at Li Mu's old Red Cotton Brand guitar. She asked curiously, "You can play the guitar?"

"A little. It's just for fun."

Chen Wan immediately said, "Why don't you play a song for me?

There are also boys in our school who play the guitar and sing 'You Who Sat Next To Me'. It's quite nice. "

"University students nowadays only have this much creativity." Li Mu shook his head helplessly.

Chen Wan continued to plead, "Play a song for me. Play Xu Wei's song, My Autumn!"

Li Mu smiled and asked curiously, "Xu Wei's first album is very negative. How can a Ms. Perfect like you like it?"

Chen Wan ignored Li Mu's teasing and said, "As long as it sounds good, I like it."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. He sat on the edge of the bed and picked up his worn-out wooden guitar from the corner.

This zither was a gift from his mother when he was in the second year of middle school. At that time, he spent more than 200 yuan on it. It was considered the cheapest one in Muji. However, its tone was not bad. After playing for a few years, its tone was getting better and better.

Li Mu picked up the guitar and used a slightly more advanced overtone method to tune the strings. He had not played this zither for a long time for the college entrance examination. It was a little out of tune.

Chen Wan sat on Li Mu's chair. Seeing that he was very skilled in tuning, she straightened her posture and prepared to listen carefully.

Li Mu first strummed the first chord of "My Autumn" before he suddenly stopped and said, "It's boring for me to sing whatever you sing. Why don't I sing something you've never heard before?"

"Something I haven't heard before?" Chen Wan's eyes lit up. She smiled and said, "Okay, sing it."

Li Mu nodded and recalled the chord score. After a simple and melodious prelude, he sang with his slightly hoarse voice,

"Zebra, zebra, don't fall asleep

Show me your injured tail again.

I don't want to touch the scar of your wound

I just want to lift your hair

Zebra, zebra, you've returned to your home

But I'm wasting my cold years

No door in your city is open for me

I still have to return to the road after all … "

Before the age of 30, Li Mu loved rock and roll. After the age of 30, Li Mu loved folk songs. Fatty Song was one of his favorites, especially this song, "Zebra, zebra." It was no longer a song without illness, nor was it a forced sorrow. Instead, it had a bit of vicissitudes and helplessness. It described the special feelings between a man and an injured zebra. Of course, a zebra was not really a zebra. Later generations generally believed that the zebra in the song referred to a woman who had been hurt by others.

Chen Wan had never heard of this song, nor had she seen the lyrics. She only vaguely discerned the lyrics from Li Mu's mouth, and then a fantasy scene sprouted in her mind.

Li Mu's voice was very good. With more than 30 years of life experience, it was easy for him to immerse himself in emotions when he sang.

"Zebra, zebra, do you still remember me?

I'm a fool who only knows how to sing … "

When Li Mu sang this line, Chen Wan held her chin and listened quietly. An indescribable feeling welled up from the bottom of her heart. This song in her mind was like a faint sadness floating over the grassland, making her intoxicated.

After the song ended, Li Mu's own thoughts returned to the past of his previous life. Everything he had encountered, brushed shoulders with, and missed out on. Now that he recalled it, it was neither salty nor bland, nor bitter nor spicy, but it made him sigh with emotion. Yesterday, he had moved the first fork in his previous life, but after that fork, the direction of the train of fate, everything on its path, and everything else would change.

Li Mu knew that he would no longer go to that second-rate university in his previous life. All the people he had met in his previous life at the university, he would no longer have the chance to brush shoulders with them in this life, and he would no longer go to Yanjing to be a bitter coder. Those colleagues, friends, and passersby that he had accidentally brushed shoulders with would all completely disappear from his world. On the first day of his rebirth, he chose to overturn everything. At the same time that he moved the fork in his life, his tentacles also probed the fork in Chen Wan's life.

Chen Wan did not know why Li Mu fell into silence after singing this song. She only felt that she was suddenly filled with sadness. The lyrics of this song did not directly describe any misery, but the atmosphere it created was especially touching.

Chen Wan asked with red eyes, "What is this song called?"

"Zebra, zebra."

"Whose song is it?"

"Uh …" Only then did Li Mu remember that Fatty Song, who was born in 1987, should still be a junior high student. Forget it, I'll just be shameless for once. Who asked you to be so idle and still be a young man?

"I wrote it myself."

As a man in his thirties, he had long since mastered the art of bragging without batting an eyelid.

"Really?!"

Chen Wan's worldview suddenly collapsed. She suddenly felt that she could not help but look up to this boy.

"Yes, an exclusive original. You are the first listener."

What he said was true. In this world, Chen Wan was the first person to hear this song.

Chen Wan was even more moved. Recalling the poignant lyrics, she asked, "Why did you use a zebra as a metaphor for people?"

Li Mu raised his head and stared at the ceiling, which was 45 degrees above him. With a sad expression, he sighed, "Animals like zebras can't fall asleep when they're alone."

This sentence added a bit of poignant beauty and pretentiousness to the song.

Li Mu said to himself in his heart, "This pretentiousness can definitely get full marks."

Chen Wan really began to worship this 18 year old "young man." She wanted to ask more questions, but she did not expect that at this time, someone would knock on the door and shout loudly, "Li Mu!"

It was Zhao Kang!

Li Mu almost immediately got up and ran out to open the door with some excitement.

He had not seen Zhao Kang for more than ten years, so naturally, Li Mu was very happy. Although in this life, he and Zhao Kang had not seen each other except for the two days of the college entrance examination.

"Kang!"

As soon as he opened the door, he saw the black boy with a face full of pimples. Li Mu went forward and pulled him into his arms.

Zhao Kang pushed him away in disgust and looked at him in surprise. He spat fiercely, "F * ck, I haven't seen you for two days and you've become even more handsome. Where did you get your hair cut?

Why did you shave your beard?

Aren't you afraid that Auntie Li will beat you up? "

Li Mu looked at him and could not help but laugh. "Why do you have so many questions?"

"F * ck, I just can't stand handsome people like you."

Zhao Kang clenched his teeth and smacked his lips. "We can't be brothers anymore. Let's break off our friendship. You go and pull out your sleeping mat and get a kitchen knife. Let's do the Guan Ning Cutting Mat."

Zhao Kang was not handsome. His skin was dark, and his facial features were barely passable. However, at this age, he had a face full of pimples. It was indeed a bit tragic. However, in Li Mu's impression, he was also a standard clown. If he was guided well, he might become a comedian in the future.

Li Mu lifted his foot and kicked him. He scolded, "Stop talking nonsense. Do you still want to come in?

If not, let's go eat directly. "

"I'm not going in." Zhao Kang waved his hand. "Quickly lock the door and leave."

"Wait, I'll call my sister out. She'll come with us."

"Your sister?" Zhao Kang asked in surprise, "Where did your sister come from?"