Chapter 262

During the Spring Festival of 2009, Xiao Shenyang appeared on the Spring Festival Gala and performed the skit "Not Lacking Money." In that spring, he became the hottest star in the country. Li Mu had heard from a friend who worked at a fashion magazine about that period of time. After the Spring Festival Gala, all the magazines wanted Xiao Shenyang to be on their cover. All the television stations wanted to interview Xiao Shenyang, and some even invited him to perform. Even TV series and movie directors chased after him.

In the spring of 2010, Magician Liu Qian became popular overnight. Compared to Little Shenyang the year before, he was even more popular.

Li Mu knew all too well about the Spring Festival Gala's ability to create stars. He could foresee how popular Zhang Kexuan would become after the Simple Plan was put on stage.

Zhang Kexuan's singing was OK, his looks were OK, and the four songs he gave him were all on the charts. It could be said that everything was ready except for the right thing to happen. If the Spring Festival Gala did not explode in popularity, it would be against common sense. When the time comes, he could use "Old Boys" to support the Internet Water Army to push the Spring Festival Gala. He would definitely make Simple Plan the hottest celebrity in the country. At that time, Simple Plan would be like Xiao Shenyang and Liu Qian after the Spring Festival Gala, pursued by all the major television stations.

The reason why Li Mu asked them not to accept any interviews from the media was very simple: to use the fame of the Simple Plan to boost Chen Wan's popularity.

Chen Wan was a host. Although she had yet to appear onscreen, she had already entered the television station as an intern. Even if there was an anchor pressuring her, it was only a matter of time before she appeared onscreen. Once the simple plan exploded and Zhang Kexuan became a national idol, she would personally plan a piece of news. For example, if the media secretly took photos of Zhang Kexuan and Chen Wan shopping together intimately, all the major media outlets would definitely use this news to hype it up. Chen Wan's appearance was excellent, and in the eyes of the media, she would definitely be a hot topic. Therefore, a hot topic would definitely boost her popularity.

At that time, Zhang Kexuan would come out to clarify Chen Wan's identity and tell everyone that she was his cousin. He would expose their childhood, teenage, and even recent photos and family photos. He would also expose that Chen Wan was the assistant host of Yanjing TV Station.

Once the misunderstanding was cleared up, the media would realize that it was all a blunder, and the fans would realize that it was a false alarm and that their idol was not in a relationship.

But more ordinary viewers would notice that this host named Chen Wan was really pretty. What program was she hosting?

I must go and take a look.

By that time, Zhang Kexuan would probably be extremely popular, but no TV station would have a chance to interview him.

Only Chen Wan had this kind of resources and ability. When the time came, Yan Jing TV would definitely not miss this opportunity. In addition, Chen Wan had already become popular because of Zhang Kexuan, so this was a good time to push her out and build her up. The television station would not miss this opportunity.

The so-called bundling marketing was more or less the same.

Why did the company want to promote a newcomer to debut? Their favorite method was to make him or her have a scandal with the company's other famous artists?

Because for celebrities, scandals were the easiest way to attract attention. Li Mu also felt that this kind of promotion method of big stars leading small stars was very simple and direct, and it also saved money.

For example, those public accounts operated by Weibo and WeChat would use the resources of their main account to cultivate a few sub-accounts, which had a unique advantage.

However, Li Mu did not reveal his plan in front of the two of them. He only warned Zhang Kexuan not to care about anything else, just remember not to accept interviews from other media outside of Central TV. Zhang Kexuan practically followed Li Mu's lead on this kind of matter, so he agreed without hesitation.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. In another two or three months, no matter what, he would make Chen Wan's name known throughout the country.

If there was nothing wrong with the head of Yan Jing TV, there was an eighty percent chance that they would give Chen Wan a stepping stone. When that time came, he would take the opportunity to bring out Super Girl and prepare for spring.

Starting during the summer vacation, Chen Wan was the only host from start to finish. Other than her, he did not want anyone else.

He did not believe that with him around, no one would be able to suppress Chen Wan and not let her blossom.

…

Li Mu posted a recruitment post on the Yan Jing Film Academy's forum.

They were looking for a cameraman, stage crew, props, lighting, art, and makeup.

He left his contact number and a QQ contact.

The reason why he wanted to find students was that those who had a few years of experience, most of them already had their own style and way of doing things. And he had seen the original version of this movie, so he was already very familiar with it. As for his modified version, he already had a very specific idea of all the shots and scenes in his mind. Therefore, Li Mu did not want to find old foxes who had already made up their minds. He wanted this micro movie to be completely according to his idea, but he lacked experience, so he might as well be an amateur and form a team with no experience. As long as he could ensure that everyone knew how to do things and would listen to him and do things according to his requirements, it would be enough.

After the post was posted, Li Mu received a lot of calls one after another. Some of them were students of the film academy, and some were graduates of the film academy who had not yet made a name for themselves in the film industry. Li Mu briefly recorded these people's information and prepared to meet and chat over the weekend.

A QQ user named Love the Streaky Pork the Most requested to add Li Mu as a friend. The message was: "Your crew doesn't have a producer, right?"

Seeing that it was someone related to the movie, Li Mu accepted the request. As soon as the request was accepted, the other person immediately sent him a message, repeating the request just now.

Right now, Li Mu's crew only had himself and the actors he had already decided on. He had no idea about anything else, so naturally, he did not have a producer. Moreover, he felt that it did not seem necessary to have a producer for his micro movie, so he did not intend to recruit this character to the crew at all. So he replied: "Not yet, not ready to recruit anyone."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "How can a movie work without a producer?

If you have an executive producer, you can let the executive producer handle the preparation of the team. "

Then he added: "Bro, you are not an insider, are you?"

Li Mu said: "No, I just want to invest in a micro movie myself."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most suddenly became interested. He did not quite understand what a micro movie was, so he asked Li Mu: "What is a micro movie?

Can you explain it to me? "

Li Mu replied: "Like other movies, it is also an independent story, but it is short. The whole movie is about 40 minutes."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most was surprised: "This kind of movie can't be aired in the theaters!"

Li Mu replied: "I'm not planning to air it in the theaters, but on TV and the Internet."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most was even more confused: "Will the TV stations be willing to buy this kind of movie to air?"

Li Mu said: "They don't need to pay for it, they can air it for free."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most was completely dumbfounded. He asked Li Mu: "How much are you going to invest?"

Li Mu thought for a moment: "About two million."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said in surprise: "Bro, two million is more than enough to make a 90-minute movie, why make it 40 minutes?"

Li Mu said: "Ninety minutes is too long to air on TV."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "You are the director, right?"

Li Mu said: "Yes."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "You are also the screenwriter?"

"Yes."

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "Bro, to tell you the truth, I am also a director, and I am still studying at the Yanjing Film Academy. I saw your recruitment notice, and I feel that what you are really lacking is a producer. If you trust me, I am willing to recommend myself to be your producer and help you organize everything. I can also find suitable people for the positions you are looking for, what do you think?"

Li Mu asked him: "You are a director, why do you want to be a producer?"

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "I am forced by circumstances. I usually shoot some things, and this year I made a movie that is similar to your micro movie. It is more than 70 minutes long, and it is a DV movie. I need money to make my own movies, and I can't even afford a good DV right now."

Li Mu asked again: "Do you have any experience in preparing for the establishment of a production team?"

Love the Streaky Pork replied, "To be honest, I'm experienced, but not very professional. Most of the people I interact with are students in school, but I've worked in quite a few production teams. I'm sure I can do a good job as an executive producer. Also, I'm a director, so I can better assist you on the set. I can also give you professional advice when necessary."

Li Mu asked him curiously: "You said you made a DV movie that is more than 70 minutes long?

What is it called, and where can I see it? "

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "I haven't seen it yet, but I sent it out to participate in a few small film awards. If you are interested, I can send you a copy."

Li Mu asked: "What is it called?"

"'Thursday, Wednesday.' The name is a bit strange. It is just a work for practice."

Li Mu's eyelids twitched, and he thought to himself: "It can't be so coincidental, right?"

So Li Mu asked him: "What is your name?"

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "My name is Ning Hao."

Li Mu was overjoyed, and he hurriedly asked: "If I invite you to be the producer of this micro film, what kind of treatment do you want?"

Love the Streaky Pork the Most hesitated for a moment, and then sent: "About 3,000 yuan, that's a good price."

Then, as if he was not confident enough, he added: "2,500 yuan is also fine, but you have to pay 1,000 yuan before the establishment of the team."

Li Mu immediately said: "Do you have time now?

Let's meet up and talk. "

Love the Streaky Pork the Most immediately said: "Yes, I have time. I am at the Speedy Internet Cafe in front of the Yanjing Film Academy. Tell me the place, and I can meet you now."

Li Mu looked at the time, and it was 7: 30 pm, so he asked: "Have you had dinner?

If not, let's talk while eating. There is an Old Dong Mutton Scorpion Hotpot opposite the east gate of the National People's Congress. I will wait for you there. "

Love the Streaky Pork the Most said: "What do you look like, or what are you wearing?

I don't have a phone, so I am afraid I can't contact you there. "