Chapter 1077

Li Mu was indeed a super hot topic now.

Unlike Boss Ma, who often caused trouble in the Western world in the future, Li Mu became a hot topic not only because of his career and social status, but also because of his human nature. The latter was the reason why he was so sought after by the Western world.

When Spielberg heard that Li Mu had accepted his invitation and would soon come to Los Angeles to attend his charity banquet, he was extremely excited. Although he had already made a name for himself in the film and television industry, from his own point of view, he thought that his achievements were far less than Li Mu's. Whether it was in terms of money, influence, or changes to the world, he felt that he was far behind Li Mu.

Spielberg had the intention to make his charity organization bigger and benefit more African children, so he especially hoped that Li Mu, the "superstar" of the charity world, could bring more influence to his charity organization. At the same time, he could also take this opportunity to bring the nature of his charity organization closer to Li Mu's 3321.

It was not an exaggeration to say that Li Mu was the "superstar" of the charity world. Since 3321 was completely revealed to the Western world, the Western world regarded 3321 as the only top of the pyramid in the charity world, and no other charity funds could compare to it.

In this case, Spielberg even had some admiration for this 20-year-old Hua Xia, who he had never seen before.

In the following two days, Li Mu did not meet with any investors. Although many investors were eager to negotiate with him in person, Li Mu refused all of them without exception. His current idea was to push Ding Zhenglin to the forefront and let him talk about everything, while he remained reserved and mysterious. He wanted to maintain the image of the ultimate boss. He had to first get past Ding Zhenglin, the mini boss, before he could meet him face to face.

After arranging things in Silicon Valley, Li Mu was ready to take Li Ziwei and his bodyguards to Los Angeles on Elon Musk's business plane.

On the way to the airport, Li Ziwei, who had always been very calm in front of Li Mu, could not contain her excitement. According to her, Tom Cruise and Leonardo DiCaprio, who would appear at the charity banquet, were her favorite Hollywood actors. She never dreamed that she would have the opportunity to meet them. Since there was such a unique opportunity this time, she must take a photo with them and ask for an autograph.

Li Mu teased her. "Since you like them so much, why don't you invite them to dinner? Then you will have enough time to chat with them."

"Ah?" Li Ziwei asked in surprise. "Can I really eat with them?

Won't that be too troublesome … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not troublesome at all. Since this charity banquet is organized by Spielberg, there must be more than these two big stars. Maybe there will be many other A-list and B-list stars. When the time comes, you can see who you like. I will invite them all."

Li Ziwei's eyes widened. After a moment, she smiled and said, "Li Zong, you have a lot of influence. I believe that if you invite them, the invited stars will do you the favor no matter how busy they are."

Li Mu nodded. "They are stars. Most of the time, they only chase after two elements. One is fame, and the other is profit. No matter which country's entertainment industry, stars like to revolve around the rich and famous. This has never changed."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "It's just right. You are both a rich and a wise person."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "This time, we are not attending a charity banquet. The main purpose is to win over some Hollywood resources. Ziwei, you have to be smart. Help me communicate with these stars, famous directors, producers, bosses of film and television companies, and contact people. They may be useful in the near future."

Li Ziwei asked in surprise, "Li Zong, are you going to enter Hollywood?"

Li Mu asked her, "What else can I do?

Do you really think I have nothing to do and go to Los Angeles to hang out with a bunch of stars? "

Li Ziwei stuck out her tongue and asked, "Is Hollywood the next stage of development?"

Li Mu said, "Not really. Hollywood is not our focus, but it is a very good project to nurture. Hua Xia's capital hasn't entered Hollywood yet, but I believe that it won't be long before Hua Xia's capital will enter Hollywood. At that time, the world's entertainment industry will undergo earth-shaking changes."

Li Ziwei was stunned for a moment and said, "Li Zong, Hollywood seems to be very global, but I feel that it is very localized in the United States and the idea of closed development is very clear. Not to mention foreign capital, it is difficult for foreign actors to really integrate."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said with a smile, "As far as the current situation is concerned, you are right. Hollywood is more arrogant and always thinks that it is the master of the world's film industry. But the ups and downs will change. Sooner or later, they will take the initiative to look for Hua Xia's capital to cooperate."

Li Ziwei nodded, not really understanding. Although she didn't know the direction of Hollywood's development in the future, she had followed Li Mu for a long time, and she had an extremely strong and blind desire to follow Li Mu. She always felt that what Li Mu said must be right.

…

Elon Musk spent a lot of money for Li Mu this time. He specially chartered a business jet for a flight of more than an hour. He had never done this kind of extravagance before.

However, Elon Musk didn't feel bad about this money at all, because he knew that such a small investment would greatly promote and improve the development of his sister's business.

After meeting up with Li Mu and boarding the plane together, Elon Musk said to Li Mu, "Director Spielberg has hired a security company in Los Angeles and a luxury motorcade that specializes in providing services for Hollywood celebrities to welcome you at the airport. He will also be waiting at the airport to welcome you."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Americans are also so polite."

Elon Musk smiled and said, "After all, you are an important guest that he has been looking forward to. It is reasonable for him to welcome you personally."

As he spoke, Elon Musk said, "It is said that many media outlets have been informed, and they will probably shoot material at the airport. But don't worry, a large number of security personnel have been arranged at the scene, so there is no need for additional interviews. Once you get off the plane, get on the bus directly and go to Director Spielberg's villa in Pacific-Palisades. The charity dinner will be held there tonight."

At 3: 30 in the afternoon, the plane took off from San Francisco.

The flight time of more than an hour was very short. Basically, it began to land not long after take-off. When the Gulfstream business jet landed at Los Angeles Airport, the plane directly taxied all the way to the company's dedicated hangar, where Spielberg and his luxury motorcade had been waiting for a long time.

When the plane slowly drove into the hangar, Li Mu had already seen six black luxury cars parked on one side of the huge hangar, including a limousine. There were more than a dozen people standing on the side of the motorcade, among which was a thin old man. Li Mu recognized at a glance that it was the famous Spielberg.

After the plane stopped, the cabin door slowly opened. Spielberg had already come to the spiral staircase in advance. Before Li Mu came out, he deliberately tidied up his suit collar, looking particularly formal.

Elon Musk and Spielberg had met a few times and could be considered to be acquaintances, so he got off the plane first. Spielberg shook hands with him warmly and did not forget to thank him.

After all, it was all thanks to Elon Musk that Li Mu could be invited.

After the two greeted each other, Li Mu walked out of the plane. Seeing that he was about to reach Spielberg, Spielberg took the initiative to step forward, shook hands with Li Mu, and said excitedly, "Mr. Li Mu, welcome to Los Angeles!"

Li Mu was also very excited. After all, he was a world-class director who had influenced countless people. Li Mu was still very respectful to him, so he said politely, "Hello, Mr. Spielberg, thank you very much for your invitation."

Spielberg hurriedly said, "I should thank you for coming!"

After that, Spielberg said, "Let's get in the car and talk."

"Okay."

Li Mu and Elon Musk got in the luxury limousine that Spielberg brought. This kind of car had a special name in the United States, called a limo. The length of the car was an astonishing eight and a half meters, and it was very spacious inside. Not only did it have an L-shaped sofa, but it also had a video system and a simple bar.

The three of them sat in such a long car, but it did not feel crowded at all. It even felt a little spacious, especially when the three of them sat on each side, forming a concave shape, which made the car even more spacious.

After getting in the car, Spielberg said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, there may be a lot of media at tonight's charity dinner, and they may focus on you. But don't worry, we don't allow reporters to enter the main venue of tonight's charity dinner."

Li Mu nodded gently. "No problem, everything will be according to your arrangements."

He was a guest, so he naturally had to follow the host's arrangements. It would be best if he followed whatever Spielberg arranged.

Then, Spielberg introduced the specific situation of his charity organization to Li Mu, including how long it had been established, what it focused on, and what kind of charitable contributions it had made in the years since its establishment.

Overall, it was similar to what Elon Musk had introduced to him. This was a private charity organization that specialized in solving the problem of malaria for children in Africa. The money they raised every year was used to provide treatment for children who had contracted malaria in Africa, and to provide malaria prevention materials for more children.

According to Spielberg, this charity organization had many Hollywood members, including not only Tom Cruise and Leonardo DiCaprio, but also Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, and other A-list big names. Most of these famous actors had worked with Spielberg before.

Li Mu had also forgotten the timeline of several of Spielberg's classic movies. He couldn't help but ask him, "Mr. Spielberg, what movies have you filmed this year?"

Spielberg said, "I have a total of two movies released this year. One is' Minority Report 'with Tom Cruise, and the other is' Cat and Mouse 'with Leonardo and Tom Hanks.' Cat and Mouse 'will be released in North America on Christmas Day."

Li Mu was very familiar with 'Cat and Mouse', so he couldn't help but ask him, "This movie is going to be released on Christmas Day. When will it be released in Hua Xia?"

Spielberg said, "This movie did not cooperate with the mainland of Hua Xia. We had communicated with Hua Xia Film Company before, but because some details were not settled, we gave up on releasing it in the mainland of Hua Xia."

Li Mu frowned. 'Cat and Mouse' was indeed a very good movie. It was a pity that it could not be released in Hua Xia. However, at this time, Hollywood really did not pay attention to the domestic film market at all. In the past two years, the highest box office for a Hollywood movie in the country could only get tens of millions of yuan. After the layers of distribution, there was not much money left in the hands of the investors. The most important thing was that they were restricted by the government, so many film and television companies gave up on the market in Hua Xia.

However, it suddenly occurred to Li Mu that the online ticket system that he had asked Fang Xudong to develop should have almost completed the development and testing. Now, it was being installed and debugged in the cinema that he had acquired. "The Girl We Chased Together Those Years" and "Crazy Stone" would be released on Christmas Day and New Year's Day. At that time, the online ticket system could be put into use. For Li Mu, he did not expect the online ticket system to make a lot of money. He only hoped that through the combination of YY and the online ticket system, he could create a higher attendance rate in his cinema chain. In that way, more and more cinema chains would inevitably cooperate with him.

However, the influence of domestically-produced films was indeed limited. It was not enough for Li Mu to only influence the cinema chains. Therefore, a crazy idea came to Li Mu's mind. He might as well think of a way to promote Spielberg to release "Cat and Mouse" in Hua Xia. At that time, he could use YY and the online ticketing platform to push up the box office of this movie. He could let the whole country and the whole of Hollywood realize the potential of his online ticketing system and lay a better foundation for future cooperation.

Li Mu had already gotten the company's team to register a large number of patents for the solution to the Online Ticketing System, forming a relatively complete patent chain. If they could make a name for themselves on a global scale, then there would be a chance to introduce the Online Ticketing System to America in the future. Now that YY had a large number of American users, if they could find a good local partner, the Online Ticketing System would be able to take root in America!

…