Chapter 1235

The press conference for "Flying Tigers" let the world know about the touching history of World War II and the battlefield of Hua Xia.

Based on logic, people knew the history of Flying Tigers, so they naturally knew more about the truth of Japan's invasion of Hua Xia. This was Li Mu's most important goal.

Li Mu hoped that more people in the world could understand the historical facts of Japan's invasion of Hua Xia. The reason for this desire was that there were too many people in the world who knew nothing about Japan's invasion of Hua Xia.

Moreover, because the German government had always reflected on and repented for its crimes, the atrocities of Nazi Germany were known to everyone in the world. However, the crimes of Japan's invasion of China, because of the Japanese government's efforts to conceal it, were far less known than Nazi Germany's.

Many Europeans and Americans had the impression that World War II was the Allied resistance against Nazi Germany. Most Europeans did not know much about Japan during World War II, and Americans only remembered the attack on Pearl Harbor. Eighty percent of the world's people over the age of ten knew about Nazi Germany's atrocities, Auschwitz, and Hitler's plan to exterminate the Jews. However, outside of Asia, how many people knew about the historical facts of the Jinling Massacre, Unit 731, and the comfort women?

If he wanted them to understand the war, he had to first let them find a point of interest in the war, and then spread out to understand more details about the war. The Flying Tigers, a special war that the Americans participated in, was the best entry point for Westerners to understand the War of Resistance against Japan in Hua Xia.

As it turned out, Li Mu's strategy was correct.

When the surviving Flying Tigers personally told the history, when Spielberg praised the American pilots who participated in the war, when Tom Hanks emotionally expressed his honor to play the role of Chennault, and when Leonardo expressed supreme respect for the war, the history of Flying Tigers was instantly accepted by all Westerners and even people all over the world.

For a time, terms such as Flying Tigers, the invasion of China, and the Japanese invasion of China became the hot search terms on the Internet. Many people who had seen the press conference or understood the content of the press conference searched for more relevant information on the Internet. The atrocities of Japan's invasion of Hua Xia were spreading around the world at an extremely fast speed.

The netizens of Hua Xia were jubilant because of this situation. For so many years, Hua Xia people had been trying to release this information. However, due to the interference of the Japanese and the influence of the audio-visual, as well as the ideological problems with the Western countries, Hua Xia was almost surrounded by an information black hole. It was extremely difficult to release relevant information, and it was also extremely difficult for others to accept it.

Now, Hua Xia had a bridgehead like Li Mu in the delivery of information. Not only was Li Mu highly recognized in the world, but more importantly, he himself was the world's largest information delivery platform in the field of the Internet. In the Internet era, there was no black hole that could swallow the information that Li Mu wanted to convey.

…

When Kerry had arrived in Los Angeles and was waiting to meet with Li Mu, President Bush's Chief of Staff had already obtained a lot of data about the press conference of "Flying Tigers".

For example, how many media were present at the press conference, how many media outlets reported on the press conference that day, and how many people on the Internet were affected by the press conference in real time, searching for relevant hot terms and browsing relevant information.

Before the concept of big data was proposed by the Internet industry, the American intelligence department had long been familiar with this theory.

The Chief of Staff knew that Li Mu and his fantasy had a strong influence, but before seeing this data, he did not know that Li Mu's influence had reached such a terrifying level.

After seeing this data, the Chief of Staff exclaimed in shock, "Li Mu used a movie press conference to achieve the goal that a country with a population of more than one billion has wanted to achieve for so many years. What's more, he used a movie press conference to subvert the national image of Japan. This kind of influence is really terrifying …"

The Chief of Staff next to him said with a smile, "In fact, if it was just this press conference, the impact on Japan's national image would not be very big. After all, so many years have passed since the war. But the key is that the incident of" The Last Samurai "was just released a few days ago. That time, it was really terrible. At that time, there was conclusive evidence that the Japanese Zaibatsu consciously promoted the spirit of extreme samurai around the world and greatly tampered with the real history. This kind of active behavior has already made many netizens feel disgusted. Now, Li Mu suddenly wants to make" Flying Tigers ", this is simply a divine assist!

When these two things superimpose, the influence has been magnified infinitely. "

The Chief of Staff suddenly asked him, "By the way, do you think that" The Last Samurai "has anything to do with Li Mu?

I always feel that this matter is subtle. It seems that everything seems to have a clear cause and effect, but I always feel that there is an invisible force behind all this. "The Chief of Staff next to him shrugged his shoulders.

"Li Mu is a man of great power. Maybe he is adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes. This man is young, but he is very shrewd. Look at how he made" Flying Tigers ", it was simply a strategist. He knew very well that if he cooperated with Hollywood to make a movie about Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese, no one in Europe or the United States would like it. So he chose the historical event of the Americans helping Hua Xia's people against the Japanese to make the movie. He knows that the Americans like this kind of story of righteous Americans fighting for the people of other countries the most …"

"Yes!"

The Chief of Staff sighed and said, "Japan is going to bear a huge infamy in front of the world's netizens this time, and this is all thanks to Li Mu."

Speaking up to this point, the Chief of Staff exclaimed, "So look, they are both investing in a movie to promote their country. The Japanese conglomerates tried their best to hide it, trying to pull a fast one, but in the end, they failed miserably and completely lost the face of their country. On the other hand, Li Mu's approach was to step forward openly and announce to the world that he was going to make a movie about Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese. In the end, it immediately caused such a huge response. The same thing, played by different people, has two completely different effects. It is worth learning …"

At this time, a presidential campaign adviser said, "Chief of Staff, Li Mu's influence is so strong. Can we get in touch with him?

In next year's election, if we have a strong Internet supporter like Li Mu to help us, our chances of winning the re-election of the president will be much higher. "

The Chief of Staff thought for a moment, nodded slightly, and said, "We can consider it. Li Mu's influence is naturally unquestionable. I have also considered whether to recruit him into our system before, but after careful consideration, this person is too difficult to control, so after several considerations, I temporarily put it aside. But now, it seems that his influence is strong beyond my expectations. It seems that we really can't hesitate anymore."

As he said this, his assistant walked up to him with a serious expression and said, "Chief of Staff, there is news from the CIA. Kerry has just appeared in a hotel in Los Angeles."

"Kerry?"

The Chief of Staff frowned. "He can go wherever he wants. I don't have time to care about him, at least not before the election starts."

The assistant reminded him, "The hotel he appeared in is the hotel where Li Mu is staying …"

"What?!" The Chief of Staff was stunned and blurted out, "I'll go to the president's office!"

…

In fact, Kerry had already arrived in Los Angeles early. In order to cover up, the Party Leader arranged for someone to book a room for him in the hotel. He asked him to immediately enter the room to rest as soon as he arrived at the hotel and wait for the time to meet with Li Mu.

Kerry did indeed enter the room as arranged by the Party Leader as soon as he arrived at the hotel. He was very low-key the whole time, did not meet anyone, and did not let anyone recognize him.

But he didn't expect that the resourceful CIB had already known his whereabouts.

Although the CIB was a national intelligence agency, in general, this agency served the president. Even in the United States, which emphasized that public power should not be used for private purposes, the CIB was still the president's direct line of work, and President Bush was no exception.

When the CIB discovered that Kerry appeared in Los Angeles, the keen CIB realized the key point of the problem. It did not matter where Kerry went, but the key was, why did he come to this place at this time today?

The biggest possibility was that he wanted to meet with Li Mu here.

When the news reached the Capitol, not only was the Chief of Staff shocked, but even the president himself was a little nervous about it.

"Don't let Kerry and Li Mu get together."

This was the first instruction from the president.

"Try to establish contact with Li Mu as much as possible. There are two goals. The first goal is to make him not cooperate with Kerry, and the second goal is to make him cooperate with us. The second goal is not to be forced, but the first goal must be achieved."

This was the second instruction from the president.

After the Chief of Staff received the order, he immediately returned to his office and organized a group of consultants and staff to actively discuss countermeasures.

The biggest difference between the staff of the ruling party and the staff of the opposition party was quickly revealed. The Chief of Staff of the Capitol obviously had more practical experience. Regarding the situation in front of him, he immediately analyzed several key points.

The first thing he did was beyond many people's expectations. He did not focus on Kerry, but immediately asked someone to review all the flight applications of the business jet rented by Li Mu.

The civil aviation system quickly responded: Li Mu's plane was tentatively scheduled to take off from Los Angeles at 8: 30 tonight to return to Hua Xia.

The Chief of Staff immediately made a judgment and said, "Kerry just arrived in Los Angeles today, and Li Mu is leaving tonight. It can be seen that Li Mu does not have a strong desire to meet with Kerry, and even has some resistance. Otherwise, it would be impossible to arrange such a tight schedule."

After that, he asked someone to get in touch with the CIB and asked them to immediately confirm the current real-time situation of Li Mu and Kerry. At this moment, where Li Mu and Kerry were, who they were with, and what they were doing.

The CIB quickly responded: Li Mu is now having a closed-door meeting with the main crew, including Spielberg, members of the Flying Tigers, and Chennault's daughter, while Kerry is still in the room, which proves that the two haven't met yet.

The CIB also received another information: Although the conference room where Li Mu and the main crew were having a closed-door meeting, although it was rented for a whole day, the staff's schedule was to start cleaning at 5: 30, which means that the closed-door meeting should end between 5: 00 and 5: 30 in the afternoon.

The plane would take off at 8: 30 pm, and the closed-door meeting would only end at 5: 00 pm. There was only 3 hours left in between, and if Li Mu was given another 2 hours to head to the airport, go through the security check, and board the plane, then Li Mu would only have 1 hour left for Chris.

The Chief of Staff's tense nerves immediately relaxed a lot. He said with a smile, "Kerry ran so far away, and Li Mu only left him an hour. It seems that Li Mu doesn't want to meet Kerry at all, or he doesn't take him seriously at all …"

The other staff and consultants around were all smart people and were the best at analyzing people. From Li Mu's schedule, it could be seen that Li Mu did not care about Kerry at all.