Chapter 106

You've already said that you've seen 104. I'm afraid that you'll be angry, so I'll quickly update 105. Brothers and sisters, for the sake of Buge's consideration, please vote for him.

-----

"Xiao Xue, tell me the truth. What's your relationship with that Li Mu?"

After struggling for a long time, Su Weimin still asked this question.

In fact, struggling was never in his character. However, facing his daughter, who he had always been very proud and trusted, and facing the brat named Li Mu who had crossed the line twice, he still felt that kind of torment and pain. If he didn't ask, he would worry for his daughter; if he asked, he was afraid that it would hurt his daughter's self-esteem.

In the end, he felt that protecting his daughter from outsiders was more important than protecting her self-esteem.

Su Yingxue had already guessed that her father would ask this question, so she said seriously, "I'm just classmates with him."

"Just classmates? It's that simple?" Su Weimin still didn't quite believe it.

Su Yingxue nodded. "It's really just a classmate relationship. We learn to drive together and eat together. On one hand, it's because we get along better. On the other hand, it's also because we'll be classmates in the future. We can take care of each other when we go to Yanjing."

Su Weimin breathed a sigh of relief. He nodded and said, "Dad definitely believes you. However, you have to be more vigilant towards some boys nowadays. Don't be deceived by them."

Su Yingxue smiled bitterly. "Dad, your daughter isn't stupid, okay!

Besides, he never said that he wanted to pursue me. "

"Of course."

Su Weimin smiled. "Although you didn't go to the police academy, I've always felt that you have this talent. You see problems more clearly than your peers, and you're calm. So, I believe that you can definitely control yourself. As for that Li Mu, it's right that he didn't pursue you. It proves that he still has self-awareness …"

"Dad …" Su Yingxue was a little helpless. "I'm already an adult now. Besides, I'm going to go to school soon. You have to change your mentality. Although you're a police officer, it doesn't mean that there are bad people out there."

"Although not everyone outside is bad, bad people still exist, so you still have to be vigilant!"

Her mother, Fang Min, had just finished cooking and had been listening in the kitchen. Last night, her husband had told her about their daughter. At that time, she had been even more nervous than him. Originally, when the couple discussed talking to their daughter, Fang Min had volunteered. However, Su Weimin knew his wife's temper. She was easily agitated, so he had decided to let her talk to their daughter.

Fang Min listened to Su Weimin's stuttering words and thought to herself that he was usually quite eloquent, but now he couldn't even speak properly. Wasn't it just because he didn't want his daughter to date?

Why didn't he just say it?

Dillydallying like a girl!

So Fang Min came out of the kitchen and said to Su Yingxue in the living room, "Xiaoxue, what I mean is actually very simple. You have to focus on your studies now. You can't date too early. Don't think that you'll be free just because you're admitted to a university. This is only the early stage of your life. You've always wanted to study in the United States. It's much more difficult to get into first-class universities like Wharton and Harvard than Renmin University. You have to be nervous all the time, understand?"

Su Yingxue asked calmly, "Mom, I understand what you're saying, and I'm not in a relationship right now. But if I really have someone I like in the future, do you think I'll miss it?"

Fang Min asked, "You've just turned 18. Do you know what it means to like someone?

You're still at the standard puppy love age. Even if you like someone, it's just an illusion. "

"Maybe I'll know when I'm 20?

Is that still early?

Or an illusion? "

Fang Min waved her hand domineeringly. "Not even when you're 20!

You can't date unless you're admitted to a first-class university's postgraduate program! "

Su Yingxue shook her head helplessly. "The future is unknown. I'll be leaving in more than an hour. Let's not talk about this."

"Okay, okay. Honey, is the soup ready?

Let's eat. We still have to send Xiaoxue to the station after dinner. "

Su Weimin also felt that he couldn't let his wife continue talking like this. Although his daughter rarely had rebellious psychology, he understood the principle that things would go in the opposite direction when pushed to the extreme. This kind of thing mainly depended on self-awareness. It was enough to point it out.

Fang Min glanced at Su Yingxue. She wanted to continue to warn her daughter, but finally gave up. She said to Su Weimin, "Come in and help me with the soup!"

"Okay." Su Weimin hurriedly got up and followed Fang Min into the kitchen.

Fang Min pulled the hem of Su Weimin's clothes in the kitchen and said in his ear, "Tell Yuehua to pay more attention to Xiaoxue in Yan Jing. Once she finds any signs of puppy love, she must tell us immediately!"

Su Weimin nodded. "Yuehua loves her niece the most. You don't need to tell her. She'll do it well."

Fang Min frowned slightly and sighed. "I still have to tell her, or I'll be worried."

…

When Su Yingxue was about to board the train, her parents, who had been sending her to the door of the carriage, showed strong reluctance on their faces. It was a mixed feeling for parents that their child was going to study thousands of kilometers away from home. Su Yingxue's parents were no exception.

Su Weimin's face had long lost the dignity that he had cultivated as a police officer for many years. Seeing his precious daughter about to go to Yan Jing, his eyes were slightly red, and his eyes were covered with a burst of mist.

Su Yingxue held her father's hand and comforted him. "Dad, don't worry. I'll be back during the National Day holiday."

Su Weimin sighed. "There's still more than a month."

Fang Min, who was next to him, elbowed her husband and curled her lips. "Our daughter and I didn't cry. Why are you crying?"

Su Weimin hurriedly said, "You're unreasonable. When did I cry?"

"Your eyes are red, but you said you didn't cry."

Fang Min rolled her eyes at Su Weimin and said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, hurry up and get in the car. If you say a few more words, your dad will really cry in front of you."

Su Yingxue smiled and coaxed Su Weimin. "Dad, don't worry. I'll take care of myself."

Su Weimin nodded. Fang Min said, "Not only take care of yourself, but also study hard. Remember not to fall in love."

Su Yingxue looked helpless. "Got it. I'm getting in the car. You can go back too."

Su Weimin and Fang Min watched Su Yingxue get on the train with her suitcase. By the time she found her berth, the train was already slowly moving. The couple didn't rush to leave. Instead, they watched the train go far away before they turned around and walked out of the station through the underground passage.

When they got out of the train station, Fang Min said with a worried face, "That Li Mu you mentioned is like a ticking time bomb in my heart. My daughter is so close to him. What should I do if they go to Yan Jing, where the emperor is far away?"

Su Weimin said helplessly, "We can't solve this problem if we think too much. You said it yourself. Yan Jing is far away from Yan Jing. We can only rely on Xiaoxue's self-awareness. In addition, let Yuehua pay more attention."

Although Fang Min was worried, she also knew that she couldn't do it. So she changed the topic and asked, "How's your matter?

What does Director Du want to do? "

Su Weimin said in a low voice, "Old Du wants to get Old Li to leave at the end of the year. When he goes to the provincial office, he will take me to meet Director Liu. Then, we'll be on the same side."

Fang Min asked in surprise, "Old Li has been in the police system of Haizhou for so many years. He's deeply rooted. How can an outsider like Director Du make a move on him?"

Su Weimin nodded. "It would have been difficult, but now someone is secretly making trouble for Wu Dong. Old Li is in a passive position now. It's only a matter of time before they find out who he is."

Fang Min was even more surprised. "Who dares to make trouble for Wu Dong and Old Li?"

Su Weimin smiled awkwardly. "I don't know. They appeared on the Internet, and their publicity ability is overwhelming. The most amazing thing is that they immediately grasped all the key points of Wu Dong's hit-and-run case. They have eyes and ears everywhere. Director Du is very curious. He even asked me to follow the comments on the Internet to find out who is behind this."

Fang Min raised her eyebrows. "Don't do anything stupid. Otherwise, they will use you to make trouble."

"Don't worry."

Su Weimin said with a smile, "I know what I'm doing. Director Du didn't ask me to find out anything. Right now, he's focused on Old Li. I'll just deal with it. I don't want to provoke such a mysterious person."

Fang Min smiled slightly. "In fact, I have to thank him. If he didn't target Wu Dong and Old Li, Director Du probably wouldn't have done anything to Old Li."

"That's right. He's been holding a grudge against Old Li for a long time. Director Du has always been passive. Without Wu Dong, he can't do anything to Old Li."

"Now that he has a card to play against Old Li, he wants to get rid of him. Once Old Li is gone, the position of director will be vacant. He can do you a favor and recruit you. It's killing two birds with one stone."

…

Two days later, Li Mu took a lot of photos from the photo studio when he took Xiao Hao and his female classmates to Happy Valley.

Li Mu opened them and looked at them. They were not bad. Although he was not good at photography, the two children were good-looking and they were not afraid of the camera, so the photos were quite good.

After getting the photos, Li Mu called Xiao Hao's home and told his grandmother that he would pick up Xiao Hao in the evening and take him out for dinner.

Seeing that he was going to report to school, Li Mu was really worried about his cousin. This kid was young, but he was too independent. Therefore, Li Mu also knew that he could only guide this kid, not force him.

When Xiao Hao heard that his cousin was going to take him out for dinner, he was excited and waited at the gate of the community early. When Li Mu came, he was carrying a high-end Li Ning bag on his shoulder. This bag cost three hundred yuan. It was the most expensive one in Li Ning's store. It was also a gift from Li Mu to Xiao Hao.

Xiao Hao didn't realize that the bag was given to him. He just looked behind Li Mu for a long time and exclaimed, "Brother, this bag is so cool!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Nike or Adidas bags look better than this."

"What is Nike?" Xiao Hao looked curious.

Li Mu smiled slightly and did not explain. Instead, he asked, "Do you like it?"

"I like it. When I go to college, I will ask my mother to buy me one." Xiao Hao looked serious.

Li Mu took off the bag and put it in Xiao Hao's arms. "This is for you. You have to learn from time to time. Don't just think about picking up girls all day long."

Xiao Hao held the bag and was stunned. "Brother, this bag is really for me?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded. "The photos of you and your girlfriend are inside. Be careful not to be found by your parents. Otherwise, if they know that you are picking up girls at a young age, won't they break your legs?"

He didn't know if Xiao Hao listened to him. He just held the bag with red eyes. "Brother, you are so good to me."