Chapter 9

When Li Mu walked out of the barbershop with a bottle of mousse in his hand, he seemed to have changed into a different person.

He had long shaved his beard, and his hairstyle had undergone a drastic change. From an obedient student, he had transformed into a bad boy in the Hong Kong and Korean dramas of the future. In addition, he was dressed casually. He wore a cotton t-shirt that had been washed out of shape, floral shorts, and flip-flops, which added a sense of laziness and casualness. In this era, he was definitely a handsome guy with both temperament and looks.

As soon as Li Mu walked out of the barbershop, Chen Wan arrived at the entrance on a brand new Giant mountain bike. A beautiful girl in her early twenties riding such a flashy mountain bike, with a voluptuous front and back, looked very pleasing to the eyes.

Chen Wan was dressed very freshly today. She wore a beige and pink striped t-shirt that wrapped up her well-proportioned body, and a pair of light blue leg-hugging jeans. Especially when she was riding the bike, one could see that her butt was extraordinarily perky. On her feet was a pair of white Converse canvas shoes. This outfit was very simple, but also very refreshing and pleasing to the eyes. It was much better than the girls on the streets who wore bell-bottoms.

Although Chen Wan was older than Li Mu by three years, in Li Mu's eyes, a female university student in her early twenties couldn't even be considered a woman. At most, she was a big girl.

However, this big girl was a little too beautiful. It made this uncle in his thirties feel a little restless.

Li Mu was staring at Chen Wan. When Chen Wan raised her head and met his eyes, her face actually turned red in an instant.

She didn't recognize who Li Mu was. However, the moment their eyes met, she felt as if she had been electrocuted. She was extremely nervous.

Girls in this era had never seen a handsome guy like Li Mu. Under normal circumstances, they would either see a long-haired guy or a so-called fashionable young man dressed in colorful and strange clothes.

Chen Wan lowered her head, not daring to look at Li Mu again. She bypassed Li Mu and hurriedly went into the barbershop. But when she looked around, there was no one else except for the shameless barbershop owner. She couldn't help but mutter to herself, "Li Mu really didn't keep his word. He said we'd meet here. Where did he go?"

Chen Wan walked out resentfully. She thought she might as well go to Li Mu's house. After all, he had given her the address. As soon as she came out, she saw the handsome guy who had electrocuted her. He stared at her with a smirk and said, "Sister Wan, how come you don't recognize me after one night?"

"Ah …"

Chen Wan stared at Li Mu for a long time and asked in shock, "You … you are Li Mu?"

"What else?" Li Mu, who had his hands in his pockets, curled his lips.

Chen Wan's face instantly turned red.

Li Mu realized that he really liked to see Chen Wan blush. This young woman was already very good-looking, and when she blushed, she became even more attractive.

After accepting the reality in front of her, Chen Wan couldn't help but ask, "Aiya, why did you shave off your beard and cut your hair like this? You don't look like a student at all."

"The college entrance examination is over." Li Mu had a matter-of-fact expression. He waved his hand and said, "Come, let's go home."

Chen Wan was shy and anxious when Li Mu said the word 'go home' so calmly and casually. She stomped her feet and pointed at the brand new Giant mountain bike. She said in a bad mood, "I bought this bike for you. You can push it!"

Li Mu was stunned. "Why did you buy me a bike?"

"To compensate you. Your bike was damaged by me."

"But I don't have much use for it. I'm going to university soon and leave."

"You always ride a bike when you go out to look for friends during the summer, right?"

"Sister Wan, if I ride this bike out to play, especially to the internet cafe, it'll probably be stolen in ten minutes!"

Li Mu could tell at a glance that this Giant mountain bike was already of a professional standard. The front fork could be locked, and it was a finger-shifter. The front and rear disc brakes, finger-shifter, and transmission were all SHIMANO Shimano. In this era, it would cost at least two thousand yuan!

"Will it be stolen so easily?" Chen Wan didn't consider this problem. She didn't go to internet cafes. Moreover, she had never lost a bike before.

Li Mu sighed. "You really don't know the sufferings of the world. In this era, don't ride a bike that costs more than two hundred yuan to the internet cafe. You don't even understand this principle."

"What's a fair, rich, and beautiful?"

"It means that you're fair, rich, and beautiful."

"What a glib tongue!"

After a coquettish grumble, Chen Wan said again, "Then don't ride it to the internet cafe. The people who ride this bike in Shanghai are all outdoor sports enthusiasts. Have you heard of riding?"

"I've heard of it …" Li Mu said, "But I'm still a student. Do you want me to learn how to ride a bike into Tibet?"

"Of course not. It's just a means of transportation for you."

"How much did it cost?"

"Not much. Around five hundred yuan."

"Who are you lying to!

Five hundred yuan? Can you sell me one hundred first?

Five hundred yuan can't even take down this transmission! "

Chen Wan suddenly realized that she had always been so passive in front of Li Mu.

She angrily asked, "Bad boy, why are you talking so much nonsense? If you don't want it, then I'll leave. Let's not contact each other anymore!"

"Yes, yes, yes." Li Mu saw that she was angry and hurriedly said, "I'll accept it, okay?"

Li Mu knew that Chen Wan's family was well-to-do, and she wanted to compensate him. If he kept rejecting it, it would be a blow to her. It was better to just accept it.

Sitting on the mountain bike, Li Mu patted the front of the bike and signaled to Chen Wan, "This bike doesn't have a back seat. How about sitting here?"

Chen Wan only felt that her eyes were burning. She shyly and angrily rolled her eyes at Li Mu. "I'll just walk."

She had never felt this way before. She was teased by a boy who was three years younger than her. Moreover, she didn't seem to have any strength to fight back. Chen Wan couldn't help but recall the appearance of the boy that she knocked away yesterday. Then, she connected it with the clothes and temperament in front of her. She secretly sighed in her heart.

There was a kind of monster that didn't need age to support them.

Li Mu was this kind of monster.

Li Mu also guessed that Chen Wan wouldn't agree to sit on the front, so he pushed the bike. Chen Wan was separated by a bike and walked beside him, which attracted a lot of attention.

Under the midsummer sun, the two walked side by side against the strong light. Whether it was appearance or temperament, they both stood out from the crowd.

Although Li Mu had shaved and changed his hairstyle, making Chen Wan almost unable to recognize him at first, many people in the neighborhood had watched Li Mu grow up. When they saw the two walking side by side, they were only slightly surprised and recognized Li Mu.

When Li Mu brought Chen Wan to his house, many of his parents' colleagues in the neighborhood had already started discussing.

"Did you see that?

Li Daoping's son, Little Mu, just brought a beautiful girl home. That girl is so beautiful. How do I put it to you? You can't find half as beautiful as her in this neighborhood! "

"Li Daoping is really lucky. His wife, Xiao Yunfang, was a great beauty back then, and his son found such a beautiful partner."

…

Li Mu's house didn't have much decoration, but the house was very clean. There were many flowers and plants planted by Li Ma in the yard. Most of them were in their flowering period and were very beautiful. Chen Wan was mesmerized as soon as she entered the door.

After parking the bike in a bungalow used for storage, Li Mu said to Chen Wan, "Sister Wan, if you have nothing to do, let's have lunch together. I have a childhood friend who is looking for me to eat at KFC. Let's go together?"

"Childhood friend?" Chen Wan curled her lips. "I'm not going. I don't want to trouble you. I'll stay for a while and leave."

Li Mu saw that she had some misunderstanding, so he explained, "There's no trouble. My childhood friend is looking for me to play in the Internet cafe. If you have nothing to do, why don't we go together? It's more interesting with a beauty!"

"Go to the Internet cafe?"

Chen Wan thought about it. "That's fine. I don't have anything to do in the afternoon. I'll go with you to the Internet cafe for a while."

"Let's go inside and sit for a while."

Li Mu invited Chen Wan into the living room and poured her a glass of water. Chen Wan was a little curious as she looked around Li Mu's house.

The Li family's decorations were very characteristic of the times. In this era, his father had a new photo wall. On it were black and white wedding photos of his parents, and black and white photos of him traveling when he was young. Below each photo, there was information such as the location, date, month, and other information. In the color photos, there was a figure of Li Mu, including his 100 days, ten months, and one year old photos. Other than that, there were photos of him and his parents every year, from one to eighteen years old.

Chen Wan was very interested in these photos. After looking at them for a long time, she couldn't help but praise, "Uncle and Auntie were really a perfect match when they were young!"

"I guess so."

Li Mu smiled proudly and said, "Our family's genes are very strong. That's why I'm so handsome."