Chapter 1093

The hardware testing of the Shadow Leopard ticketing system went very smoothly. It basically met Li Mu's requirements.

Li Mu knew very well that if he introduced the Shadow Leopard ticketing system to the public, it would be equivalent to introducing the world's first online movie ticket sales system. He estimated that it would bring a big shock to the entire industry.

The hardware and software of the entire system were not high-tech. What was new was the solution. The real winner was the solution.

For example, bicycles were not high-tech. Mobile phones were not high-tech either. Mobike's axle-drive bicycles were not high-tech either. The smart locks that contained GPS and network modules were nothing more than the Internet of Things. It was not really high-tech. However, someone thought of the bicycle sharing solution and put all the hardware together in an orderly manner. It became an unprecedented and disruptive solution. At the same time, it also gave birth to a new industry model — bicycle sharing.

Bicycle sharing was very interesting. On the surface, it seemed to be a high-end bicycle rental business. However, it was an idea that could leverage a lot of capital. Before the industry was flooded, a bicycle might attract a few, a dozen, or even dozens of registered users. In addition to paying 299 yuan as a deposit, each user had to recharge a certain amount of money to use the bicycle.

In this way, bicycle sharing could earn more than 300 yuan from a single user. One bicycle could even leverage thousands or even tens of thousands of yuan into one's own hands. This was amazing. After millions or tens of millions of users, it would be a lot of money. Since the funds were extremely scattered, the possibility of a run on users was very small. This money could be invested in other areas to make substantial profits.

It was precisely because of the huge profit space behind the bike sharing that it brought a huge shock to the entire Internet industry in a short period of time. It then attracted countless capital investments. In first-tier cities, there was a trend of being conquered by the bike sharing industry.

Li Mu was somewhat worried about the acceptance of the ticketing system of the Shadow Leopard Tribe. If he wanted to gain a thorough understanding of this industry, he had to push forward as fast as possible from the moment the product was announced to the public. Otherwise, once the industry saw the development potential of this business model, it would burst out with unprecedented enthusiasm, and all of them would turn around and dive into this industry.

Although Li Mu's team had registered a large number of patents around the world for the Shadow Leopard ticketing system, Li Mu knew very well that patents were not indestructible. Many big companies in the world knew that they were infringing on others' patents, but they still had to do it. If the other party pursued the matter, they would just have to pay some money, and before that, they would have to wrangle in the judicial process for a long time.

Especially in the domestic development environment, even a patent such as a trademark could be counterfeited, let alone a solution that was a combination of various software and hardware.

The reason why Li Mu wanted to order a large number of terminal ticketing machines was to prepare in advance for the distribution channel. After Shadow Leopard went online, he would quickly promote Shadow Leopard to tens of millions of netizens, and then promote Shadow Leopard to all the formal cinema chains in the country. Even if others tried to catch up halfway, they would not have a chance.

After the Shadow Leopard ticketing system was accepted, Li Mu told Kong Lingyu that from December 1st, they would promote "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" on YY, and at the same time, they would promote the theme song of the movie on Easy Listening. This was to warm up the movie in advance.

As for the launch time of the Shadow Leopard ticketing system, Li Mu temporarily set it on December 6th. It would be released one day before the movie was released, and the tickets for the movie would be sold on the 7th.

At that time, whether it was YY or Taobao, they would give discounts and subsidies to the users who bought tickets online. Each user would be given a random coupon of 5 to 15 yuan. That way, the user could deduct the cost of the coupon when they paid.

A convenient online ticketing platform, ticket discounts, and strong promotion of the movie would definitely attract many users to watch the movie. Although he only had 14 cinemas, there were more than 12,000 seats in total. If he could greatly increase the attendance of his cinemas during the screening of "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years", he could directly open it to other cinemas and officially add their cinemas to the Shadow Leopard ticketing system.

…

After arranging the ticketing system and the screening of the movie, Li Mu locked himself in the villa in Ziyun Villas. He asked Li Ziwei to buy a lot of food and ingredients for him, and then he stayed in the villa for a few days, not seeing anyone.

For a few days, other than eating, sleeping, and going to the toilet, Li Mu spent the rest of his time researching one thing, and that was the impending SARS.

Li Mu racked his brains to recall a lot of news about SARS in the past. First of all, it was certain that SARS would appear in Guangdong Province in December this year, and it would break out on a small scale. However, Li Mu was not sure which city in Guangdong Province would be the first to discover it.

Secondly, in his previous life, the boiling point would not be taken seriously until March or April next year. Part of the reason was due to the lack of judgment on SARS, and part of the reason was that the news was blocked. Moreover, the actual nature of SARS would only be determined in February or March next year.

Lastly, the timeline of the national fight against SARS would have to be pushed back to April next year. At that time, SARS would truly become the target of the national fight, and it would be gradually eliminated in the following months.

Li Mu carefully analyzed all the clues he could get his hands on, and felt that it would not be easy for him to interfere with the historical process of SARS.

Since the early stages of SARS were not specifically defined and distinguished, for the entire society, when SARS first broke out, it was impossible for them to know how serious SARS was.

In this case, before the government and the International Health Organization made a statement, there was no way for him to release the news in advance. Otherwise, not only would it cause social panic, but it would also be more likely for people to question him. There was no reason for him and the entire Makino Technology to know about this in advance. Li Mu's current performance in the Internet industry was amazing, and he could be packaged as an Internet genius. If he could predict the outbreak of the epidemic in the country at a certain time, then …

Not being able to release the news in advance also meant that Li Mu had to wait for the government to announce the condition of SARS before he could directly intervene. Before that, Li Mu could only do it secretly.

There were many ways to do it secretly, but none of them could reach the critical point.

Li Mu was not a medical staff. He did not know what SARS was, and he did not know how to treat it. The idea of purchasing a batch of key drugs to support various places at the critical moment was basically impossible.

After thinking about it, Li Mu felt that the most important thing he should do now was to find a reason to stock up on some disinfectant, masks that could effectively reduce the probability of infection, and other medical supplies.

However, it was meaningless to stock up on these things, but it would be particularly strange if he stocked up on too many of them.

As an entrepreneur in the Internet industry, it was unreasonable for him to stock up on disinfectant and masks before SARS entered the public's view.

However, if he could not even stock up on masks and disinfectant, then what else could he do for SARS?

At that time, he could only donate money.

Li Mu had personally experienced that stage where people were in a state of panic. A low-quality mask that did not provide any protection at all could be sold for several times or even more than ten times. The price of a bottle of 84 disinfectant could be inflated to hundreds of yuan. A pack of indigowoad root could be sold for more than twenty times the price.

People did not dare to go out and interact with others. Once someone around them had a fever, they would immediately panic. Once they felt a slight fever, they would immediately panic. If a person had a fever, the entire class, or even the entire dormitory building, would have to be locked down and quarantined. Every day, people would discuss where there was a new case and where someone had died. That state of panic would be unforgettable for the rest of their lives.

What Li Mu could think of now was to first find a suitable reason to stock up on a large number of supplies that were useful for SARS. If he stockpiled supplies at this stage, it would not cause a squeeze on similar supplies when SARS broke out.

The reason why he said that stockpiling supplies now would not cause a squeeze in a few months was that the market demand for each product was very stable without a huge external stimulus.

For example, a disinfectant factory could produce 100,000 liters of disinfectant per day. However, due to the stable market demand, the factory could only produce 60,000 liters per day. In this case, if Zhang Heng gave the factory a large purchase order within two months, the factory would be guided to work overtime to produce more disinfectant for Zhang Heng during these two months.

If he converted the extra production capacity of the factory into products, then such a disinfectant factory could produce an additional 40,000 liters of disinfectant per day. In one month, it would be 1.2 million liters, two months would be 2.4 million liters. If it was canned into small 200ml bottles, it would be 12 million bottles.

After he took away the extra 2.4 million liters of disinfectant from the factory, the factory would inevitably return to his previous daily production of 60,000 liters. When SARS broke out, the disinfectant on the market would be in short supply. Then, he would have 12 million bottles in stock to relieve the entire disinfectant market demand. He would also attack those profiteers who wanted to make a fortune by hoarding disinfectant.

If one factory had 12 million bottles, if there were a few more factories like this, he might be able to hoard up to 100 million bottles.

The same was true for masks. SARS was mainly transmitted through droplets and respiratory tract, so high-standard masks that met the requirements would be the best defensive equipment for ordinary people. If he could expedite the customization of a large number of masks from domestic manufacturers that met the standards, or even foreign manufacturers, then it would definitely play a very big role in the protection of the entire society against SARS.

Similarly, standard hand sanitizer, clothing sterilizer, and even protective clothing that medical staff must wear would play a vital role at that critical moment.

Moreover, these resources would suddenly become rare goods at a critical juncture, and the supply could not meet the demand. Not only would it cause the price to rise, but it would also cause the people to buy them crazily. Once they entered a state of crazy buying, it would definitely cause social panic.

A hundred people went to the pharmacy to buy the Radix Isatidis, but the price of the Radix Isatidis had increased by twenty times. Furthermore, the stock was extremely low. Only ten people managed to buy it. The remaining ninety people would definitely panic.

At that time, if someone had taken out a hundred boxes of Radix Isatidis and sold them to these hundred people at full cost price, or even lower, they would have been able to suppress the price of Radix Isatidis and prevent it from being used for hype. At the same time, because there was enough stock, there would not have been a frenzied rush to buy it, and there would not have been any looting.

Therefore, it could be seen that sufficient resources would play a crucial role in critical moments.