Chapter 765

The recent hot topics revolved around Taobao Brand Day. Li Mu thought he was smart enough to temporarily avoid Taobao, which was the focus of attention. However, he did not expect that there would be so many reporters waiting for him in Makino Technology.

It was not easy to break out of the crowd of reporters. Fortunately, Wang Yuanlang and the other two cooperated well with each other, and they had strong physical conditions and combat experience. The three of them formed an equilateral triangle. Not only could they protect Li Mu from direct interference, but they could also quickly break out of the crowd of reporters.

Although there were so many reporters who could not directly contact Li Mu, they still tried to interview him. Li Mu did not say a word. When they reached the elevator, he said to everyone, "I'm sorry, everyone. I really have a lot of urgent matters to deal with. If you have any interview needs, please contact the company first. I personally will not accept any form of interview directly for the time being. I hope you can understand. Thank you."

It was not easy to keep the reporters out. Wang Yuanlang said to Li Mu in the elevator, "Li Zong, I suggest you not drive yourself for the time being. Also, your Benz G55 is a bit too conspicuous. I suggest you change to another car. I'll be your driver."

Li Mu nodded. "Then I'll arrange for someone to prepare it."

Although he said so, Li Mu felt that if he had his own office building of Makino Technology, this kind of situation where he was blocked in the underground parking lot would naturally not happen.

Li Mu felt that in the future, the scale of the two big teams, Makino Technology and Taobao, would become bigger and bigger. They could already enter the preparation period of building their own office building. Moreover, it would take more than half a year to build a large office building. From construction to completion, it would take a year, and from completion to use, it would take another half a year. He could not be like the Tengxun Building, which felt that it was awesome when it was built, but found out that the design capacity was far less than the actual demand after a few years.

Besides, a large office building would take more than half a year from basic preparation to land acquisition, design, and construction. From construction to completion, it would take one year, and from completion to commissioning, it would take another half a year. In total, it would take him at least two years to complete the project. At present, it seemed that the best solution was to find an office building that was ready to be rented out and directly rent it, from the ground to the ground, all to himself. Even the security guards would be recruited and trained by his own company. In that case, he could gather all his companies together, including Wanying Group. Not only was it convenient, but his work in the future would also be much more efficient.

The elevator went all the way up, and Li Mu arrived at Makino Technology.

Lin Ching-ah did not know what happened to Li Mu in the underground parking lot. She had already arranged for the core management of Makino Technology to have a meeting as soon as Li Mu arrived.

First of all, Kong Lingyu's YY work was progressing smoothly. The multi-language version of "Happy Farm", "Town of Paradise", had been translated. Now, Kong Lingyu had already sent people to build servers and bandwidth in major European and American countries in preparation for the release of the game.

Secondly, the development of the R&D department was still in full swing, and the entire development progress was within the original estimated time node.

The more important thing at the moment was the progress of the two acquisitions in Ding Zhenglin's hands. He completed the acquisition of FlashGet and the theater chain last week as promised.

Now that the two acquisitions were completed, the next urgent matter was how to modify and utilize the acquired products and theater chain.

For Li Mu, the next thing to do was to immediately redevelop FlashGet. On one hand, he had to upgrade the functions and user experience, and on the other hand, he had to find a way to YY the entire product, tie it to the YY brand, and integrate it into the next version of YY.

However, in order to ensure that all FlashGet users would be accepted smoothly, Li Mu also made a few requests to Kong Lingyu. "The comprehensive YY can't be done too quickly, or else if the changes are too thorough, the users will be lost. We must smooth the transition and smooth the transition."

When Li Mu thought of how Planet Ali played Tiantian to death, he faintly felt his heart ache. An outstanding product with ten years of history was directly changed to death. That was something he absolutely did not want to see.

Therefore, Li Mu gave his own suggestion. "First of all, we have to release news and announcements to let users know that FlashGet has been fully acquired by Makino Technology. Then, in the early stages of integration, the entire interface of FlashGet shouldn't be changed too much. In principle, we just have to beautify and fine-tune it based on its own foundation, and don't deprive it of its original style. In addition, the English name 'FlashGet' doesn't need to be changed for the time being, but the Chinese name of 'Internet Express' can be changed slightly. Together with our brand, we'll call it YY Internet Express. After a few fine-tuning and users gradually accept it, we'll slowly remove the 'Internet Express' label and finally make it our YY Express."

Kong Lingyu immediately nodded. "I'll remember that, Boss. I'll strictly follow your instructions."

Li Mu then told Fang Xudong, "FlashGet's architecture has its own advantages when it comes to file transfer. We have to absorb and integrate it into YY's online and offline file transfer and offline download functions to enhance and enhance our file transfer experience."

Fang Xudong said, "Understood. I'll definitely absorb all of FlashGet and strive to not waste any of it."

For the company, Ding Zhenglin's role was to eat, while Fang Xudong's role was to digest. How useful FlashGet could be after it was purchased depended on how well Fang Xudong could digest it.

After talking about FlashGet, Li Mu raised his own requirements for the cinema chain. "The cinema chain has to hurry up with an upgrade plan, then fork out the money for the upgrade. Qing Ya will arrange for people to handle this matter. It has to be efficient. Come up with a plan as soon as possible and start work as soon as possible. I only have one request: the upgrade of the equipment must be in line with the most mature market standards and specifications. We can learn from the hardware standards of the North American cinema chains."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "We're already actively recruiting people for the cinema chain. There are a few relatively good professionals, but we haven't chosen the most suitable one yet. However, we'll definitely make a decision in the next two days."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "You'll have to worry about this business. The cinema chain is very useful. In the future, not only will it provide a certain amount of support for Makino Image's movies, but most importantly, we can use these two cinema chains to test out our online ticketing system and give it a perfect demonstration."

Li Mu's current requirements for the cinema chain business were: Makino Technology's acquisition and Makino Technology's operation.

Therefore, the subsequent upgrade of these two cinema chains would also be completed by Makino Technology.

The reason why it was not placed in Makino Image was because Li Mu wanted to put his own cinema chains on the Internet. This was equivalent to the concept of "Internet +" in the future. Traditional cinema chains and online ticketing system, this was the "Internet +" project. The plus sign could be any traditional industry. As long as it was connected to the Internet, the traditional Internet industry could shine with new vitality.

The most perfect way to use the "Internet +" approach to operate traditional cinema chains was the online ticketing system. Therefore, Li Mu attached great importance to the online ticketing system.

Moreover, the online ticketing system was the first time that Makino Technology added customized hardware equipment to an Internet product system. This meant that Makino Technology not only had to carry out software development and hardware design, but it also had to synchronize the hardware and software equipment.

Although the process of selling tickets online and collecting tickets offline was simple, it still needed the cooperation of hardware machines offline. At the same time, backstage and servers were needed to assist in the middle. This seemed simple, but there were still many aspects to the design. If it was done well this time, the online ticketing system could become an Internet-based solution in the field of ticketing. With a little modification, it could be used in other channels besides the cinema, from tickets for small attractions to bus tickets and train tickets. It was of great significance.

Beyond everyone's expectations, Li Mu did not go to Taobao for the whole day.

Many people thought that at this time, Taobao was the most important thing for Li Mu. However, for Li Mu, the most important thing for Taobao was logistics. As for how logistics should be done, he had to wait until Wednesday when he met with the leaders of the ministries and commissions. Although logistics matters could not be delayed, Li Mu still had the patience to wait for a few days.

Therefore, after the end of the meeting at Makino Technology, Li Mu had been staying in his office at Makino Technology. He opened several portals at random. Many websites, including YY website, were carrying out follow-up reports on his interview at this moment. Li Mu was a little visually tired, so he simply opened Zhongguancun Online and paid attention to some computer-friendly news.

On Zhongguancun Online, he saw a lot of brief news that had just been released this morning. Almost every brief news report was about the popularity of the computer market in several first-tier cities across the country today.

The main home computers of the branded stores were almost sold out by enthusiastic consumers. Even the expensive professional high-end computers were sold out. In addition to the branded computer market, the retail computer market was even more popular. All kinds of retail computer stores had been open since the morning, and business was booming.

At noon, Lin Ching-ah knocked on the door of Li Mu's office with a few lunch boxes. She put the food on the coffee table in the reception area for him and said, "Li Zong, I have contacted the Haizhou Municipal Government. They are very enthusiastic and asked you to set a specific time. They said that you are welcome to go back at any time to give advice on the economic development of your hometown."

Li Mu knew that this was the courtesy of the Haizhou Municipal Government, but since they were willing to respect his time, he naturally had to accept this favor. So he said to Lin Ching-ah, "Then let's set it this Saturday. Help me confirm it with them."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and helped Li Mu open the lunch boxes. She said, "Li Zong, there are duck's blood curd and mountain spicy chicken from Sichuan restaurant downstairs. Eat it while it's hot. I'll go out first."

After Lin Ching-ah left, Li Mu walked to the reception area. When he was about to eat, he received a call from Chen Ze. Chen Ze said in a serious tone on the phone, "The theme of today's State Council executive meeting is to promote the development of education. At the meeting, the boss said that we must ensure that every employee and every teacher in the field of education has enough positive energy. Only when they have positive energy can they pass on the positive energy to the students. Positive energy is the most needed energy in the education team at present, and it is also the most important thing in the next stage of quality education."

After that, without waiting for Li Mu to respond, Chen Ze said again, "He mentioned 'positive energy' four times in total, and it has been confirmed that this will be broadcast on the news tonight. You are really going to explode this time."

Li Mu was puzzled at first, but when he heard the word 'positive energy', he suddenly understood. He was surprised and could not help but ask, "The boss you are talking about is …"

Chen Ze said lightly, "Premier."