Chapter 165

For the National People's Congress, this Friday was a day that would go down in history.

First of all, the Yanjing Daily reported on the incident that happened at the National People's Congress last night. In addition, many online media outlets also published special news articles to report on it. The Yanjing Daily had a great influence in the local area. After they reported the incident, the outside world didn't know about it, but it caused a great reaction within the National People's Congress.

Everyone knew about what happened last night. Huang Lishan didn't return all the money until after 9 PM. Among them, the Sun family helped to raise more than 700,000 yuan in cash.

In order to let the students who were fooled turn the page as soon as possible, the Sun family deliberately paid more than 100,000 yuan to compensate all the students who bought the machine with an extra 500 yuan.

Of course, this money was sent out through Huang Lishan.

With an extra 500 yuan, the anger of more than 200 students who were fooled dissipated by more than half. This incident finally came to an end. It was said that Sun Tan was taken away from the dormitory by his father and didn't show up on campus on Friday. Many reporters who came to the school on Friday were left empty-handed. The school leaders also maintained a unified statement, saying that the matter was still under investigation. The school would only decide how to deal with it after the investigation was done.

Many students were also very concerned about how the school would deal with Sun Tan and the Student Aid Gang that he created. However, one thing was certain at the moment. The school would issue a brief announcement announcing that the Student Aid Gang was an organization that violated the school's rules and would be resolutely banned. The Student Aid Gang was considered to have completely disappeared from the National People's Congress.

Li Mu had already put this matter to the back of his mind when he went out to eat skewers with Zhao Kang last night. What he needed to pay attention to now was 3321. That was because the auction for 3321 would officially go live at 8 PM tonight.

As of today, 3321 already had about 10,000 registered students. Among them, about 5,000 had completed their information. However, there were more than 3,000 new users who had completed their information. Li Mu listed them as the second batch of verification targets. These days, his team of classmates was focused on promoting to the parents, so they didn't have the time or energy to verify the new 3,000 people.

The good news was that the number of parent registrations had been increasing over the past few days, and now there were more than 7,000 registered users.

Li Mu had already asked Kong Lingyu to send a message to all 1,500 students, informing them to schedule their classes according to their schedule before Friday. The pricing strategy of 3321 was that students could only schedule their classes according to their schedule, but they could not adjust the price themselves. The default price was 15 RMB. As for how much the final deal could be made, it was up to the students' parents.

After class on Friday, Li Mu went straight to Yucheng Garden. He turned on his computer, logged into 3321's manager platform, and opened the statistics section.

As of six o 'clock in the evening, more than 90% of the 1,500 certified students had put their classes up for auction on 3321. On average, each person had put up for auction about 20 hours of class time.

Li Mu then checked the traffic records of the students' personal homepages and found that all the provincial college entrance examination top scorers' personal homepages had more than 10,000 views. It seemed that they had been paid attention to these days. Once the auction started, these people would become the key to the parents' bidding.

Li Mu's psychological expectation was that by 12 o 'clock tomorrow, 60% of the certified students would be able to make a deal, and those college entrance examination top scorers would be able to create more than 100 class hours.

At seven o 'clock, Zhao Ziqiu called Li Mu and asked him, "Where are you?

Li Yawei and the others have come to Beijing University. Why don't you come? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "3321 will start the auction in an hour. I'm watching the backstage data."

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly became interested and hurriedly said, "Where are you watching?

Are you in the dormitory?

I also want to see the real-time data!

Why don't I look for you at the National People's Congress, and we can go to an internet cafe? "

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "I rented an apartment at the east gate of the National People's Congress. I'm here now."

Zhao Ziqiu thought for a moment and made a decision. She asked in a low voice, "Where?

If it's convenient for you, can I look for you there? "

"Sure."

Li Mu didn't refuse. He told her the address of the neighborhood and said, "Take a taxi and come over. I'll pick you up at the entrance."

Zhao Ziqiu responded and asked, "Have you eaten?"

"Not yet."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I haven't eaten either. Why don't I buy some food and bring it over?

There's a Spicy Wonton restaurant in our school that's really good. "

"Sure, you can buy it as you see fit."

Twenty minutes later, Zhao Ziqiu sent a text to Li Mu, telling him that Li Mu had already taken a taxi and that it was only ten minutes away from Peking University. Li Mu went downstairs and waited at the entrance of the neighborhood.

Zhao Ziqiu sat in the taxi with the takeaway box from the restaurant. Her heart was beating faster than ever. She never knew that Li Mu rented an apartment outside the school. Moreover, she couldn't figure out what was wrong with her. Why did she suddenly want to look for Li Mu?

This time was different from the past when she looked for Li Mu. In the past, she would either go to the National People's Congress or the swimming pool. Today, she wanted to go to a guy's rented apartment outside the school. Although nothing might happen, it felt a little awkward.

However, Zhao Ziqiu was more or less curious. She wanted to come over and see why Li Mu rented an apartment. She wanted to see if there were any traces of a woman in his apartment.

She had also heard that some university students rented apartments outside the school, but most of them were couples. However, since Li Mu agreed to let her look for him so readily, he couldn't be renting an apartment for a woman, right?

As her thoughts ran wild, the taxi quickly arrived at the entrance of Yucheng Garden. Zhao Ziqiu saw Li Mu when the taxi was still on the opposite side of the road. She waited for the driver to turn around at the intersection in front and asked the driver to stop the car beside Li Mu.

Li Mu watched the taxi slow down and stop in front of him. He saw Zhao Ziqiu through the rear window. As soon as the car stopped, he took the initiative to open the door for her. Zhao Ziqiu smiled at Li Mu in the car and reached out to hand a plastic bag with a few takeaway boxes. "Help me carry this."

Li Mu took the bag. Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu was about to take out her wallet to pay, Li Mu took out the 10 yuan he had prepared and handed it to the driver. He said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Hurry up and get out."

Before Zhao Ziqiu took out her wallet, she saw that Li Mu had already paid for her carefully. She looked at him with a little shyness, then got out of the car and stood beside Li Mu.

Today, Zhao Ziqiu had obviously dressed up deliberately, but she only put on some makeup and dressed very casually. Although the proud curve of her chest was a little affected by the loose sportswear, it looked more attractive overall.

Zhao Ziqiu was more or less nervous. She looked up at the gate of the community behind Li Mu and said unnaturally, "Why did you rent a house secretly? Your roommates don't know about it, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "There are some things that are not convenient to do in the dormitory, so I simply rented a house nearby. No one in the dormitory knows about it."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue and asked tentatively, "Why are you so secretive? Are you hiding a mistress in your house?"

Li Mu looked at her nervous and curious look and said with a smile, "Why are you hiding a mistress in my house? I haven't had a woman come here before. You're going to be the first."

When Zhao Ziqiu heard that she would be the first, her heart was suddenly filled with a burst of sweetness, and her face became a little hot from embarrassment.

Li Mu saw that she was shy and didn't speak, so he shook his head and said with a smile, "Let's go, the auction is about to start."

"Oh right!"

Only then did Zhao Ziqiu realize that she was here to pay attention to the big event of 3321 starting the auction with him. How did she get the wrong idea?

Following Li Mu into the community, Zhao Ziqiu took the elevator all the way upstairs. She couldn't help but feel a little nervous, but Li Mu beside her was very calm. He opened the door and invited Zhao Ziqiu to sit wherever she wanted. He first put the food she brought on the table.

After Zhao Ziqiu came in, she carefully looked at the living room and the connected dining room, and asked Li Mu, "How many rooms do you have?"

"Three."

"So big!" Zhao Ziqiu said in amazement, "Isn't it a waste for you to rent such a big house alone?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "This community is the closest to the National People's Congress, and it's all like this, so I just rented it. Besides, I'm not the only one here. I have a brother who comes here occasionally, and we do something together."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "Is it that Zhao Kang?

We had dinner together when we were doing promotion. "

"That's right."

Li Mu said and looked at the time. It was about 20 minutes before eight o 'clock, so he said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Let's eat first, we'll go online after eating."

"Okay."

Li Mu asked Zhao Ziqiu to sit at the dining table. When Zhao Ziqiu came over, she took the plastic bag filled with food from Li Mu and said to Li Mu, "I'll do this, you go wash your hands first."

"Let me do it."

"Aiya, hurry up and wash your hands. Be good."

Li Mu had no choice but to go to the bathroom to wash his hands first.

When he came out, Zhao Ziqiu had already prepared the meal. She brought two bowls of chili oil wonton and some Sichuan-style dishes. Although Li Mu had not tasted it, the appearance and smell of the food were top-notch, making him salivate.

At this time, Zhao Ziqiu took out a pair of disposable bamboo chopsticks. He held one in each hand and rubbed it repeatedly, intending to flatten the barbs on the chopsticks that could easily hurt his hands.

Seeing Li Mu come out, Zhao Ziqiu passed the chopsticks to him and said gently, "I'll go wash my hands too, you eat first."

Li Mu nodded and Zhao Ziqiu went to the bathroom. Even an old man like Li Mu felt a little numb from this woman's gentleness and thoughtfulness.

Li Mu did not sit down to eat first, but learned from Zhao Ziqiu and rubbed the other pair of chopsticks until they were smooth. When Zhao Ziqiu came out and saw Li Mu placing the chopsticks on one of the bowls, she asked in surprise, "Why aren't you eating?"