Chapter 187

The idea of Oldboys' micro movie flashed in Li Mu's mind for a moment, but he put it aside for the time being. If he wanted to make a micro movie, he couldn't just do it for the sake of art. He needed to find a profit point and a good business model before making a move.

Then, the topic returned to Chen Wan's job application. Li Mu asked Chen Wan which TV station she was leaning towards, and her answer was, "Let's not talk about the probability of success. Between these two TV stations, I actually hope to get into Yan Jing TV."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and asked in surprise, "Why Yan Jing TV?"

Chen Wan said, "CCTV is too serious, and the promotion system is too complicated. Although the famous hosts of CCTV are very famous, I always feel that their temperament is a bit too orthodox. This kind of image doesn't match what you said to me last time, to have one leg in the hosting world and one leg in the entertainment industry. If it's a local TV station, they have more potential."

Li Mu looked at Chen Wan in surprise. He didn't expect her to really take what he said seriously, and her judgment was indeed right.

The current TV media had not entered the future entertainment era. The current entertainment programs could be said to be creative and boring. Because there were no good variety entertainment programs to take the lead, the current TV audience was more inclined towards the orthodox programs of CCTV. Naturally, CCTV's hosts were the most famous, and several primetime programs had made many famous hosts popular. However, according to Li Mu's previous life experience, although these CCTV hosts were very famous, they almost didn't have any attributes of the entertainment industry.

On the contrary, the majority of the hosts who could become popular in the future came from the local TV stations.

"Then let's focus on Yan Jing TV. Central TV is indeed too serious and not suitable for entertainment. Let's strive to take down Yan Jing TV." Li Mu voiced out his suggestion.

Chen Wan nodded and smiled, "I'll try my best."

Li Mu thought to himself, if I want to help Chen Wan, what method should I use?

Whether it was Yan Jing TV or CCTV, I don't know anyone.

I know a lot of CCTV celebrities, but even if I know others, they don't know me.

However, a person suddenly appeared in Li Mu's mind.

She was Xie Tingfang, the director of Yanjing TV Station's evening news program.

Back then, the special report on 3321 was done by Beijing TV Station. This news could be said to have been discovered by Xie Tingfang. According to the usual practice of the news industry, no matter how big the subsequent news was,

Xie Tingfang was the one who had discovered this news. If 3321 became a real big news, Xie Tingfang would also be able to enjoy the benefits that 3321 would bring her.

Speaking of which, I know Xie Tingfang. I wonder if I can ask her for help when the time comes.

After the siblings had a happy meal, Li Mu drove her to the hotel where he had booked a room. The conditions of this four-star hotel were very good. Most importantly, it was not far from Central TV and Yan Jing TV Station. It was very convenient to take public transportation or take a taxi.

Li Mu's thoughtfulness touched and warmed Chen Wan's heart.

Li Mu sent her to her room, helped her put her suitcase in the room, and said, "Sister, you should rest early. Tomorrow is Sunday. If there's nothing else, I'll come to find you."

Chen Wan asked him, "Are you going back to school now?

Or back to your rented house? "

Li Mu said, "I'm going back to my dorm. I've almost finished dealing with the things I need to deal with."

Chen Wan nodded and said with a smile, "Then you should be busy tomorrow. I'm going to visit my dad's friend. He also asked me to bring a small gift for him."

Li Mu took out the car key and handed it to Chen Wan. "Then it's like this.

I don't usually use a car, so you can drive my car tomorrow. Also, don't you have an interview on Monday for CCTV? "

Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "You don't need a car these days?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "No, I haven't used the car since I bought it.

I don't usually use it. "

Chen Wan took the car key and said with a smile, "Okay, I'll drive the car for two days."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Be careful when you drive."

After saying goodbye to Chen Wan, Li Mu took a taxi back to school. He didn't expect the five guys in his dorm to be there, and they were chatting enthusiastically.

Li Mu saw Li Yawei sitting on the edge of the upper bunk and said excitedly, "Hey.

You guys haven't played it before, so of course you wouldn't know. In the game, violence is king. Whatever good equipment you get, it can be robbed at any time. You might even be killed and robbed. I just killed a kid in the zombie cave to practice, and I didn't expect to get a small exquisite bracelet that added one point to attack. "

Xue Jianfeng curled his lips. "Don't be so addicted to the game. You didn't go home to sleep on a Saturday night, and you even came to the dorm to trick us into spending the night with you. Are you crazy?"

Li Yawei hurriedly said, "Hey, I don't have anything to do anyway. Let's go to the Internet Cafe for a night. I'll treat everyone, okay?"

As they were talking, Li Yawei saw Li Mu enter the room. She quickly said to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, let's go to the Internet Cafe for a night. It's my treat. Do you want to come?"

"Play games?"

Li Mu guessed that Li Yawei was playing Legend of Mir from their conversation. Legend of Mir had been online for about two months, and it should be quite popular now.

As expected, Li Yawei took the initiative to say, "I've been addicted to a game called Legend of Mir. It's really cool, and I want everyone to play it together. We can take care of each other in the game, and maybe we can even build our own gang. It'll be awesome."

Li Mu thought about how popular the game was in this era, and he said, "Alright, Yawei, stop tormenting the four of them. It's fine to play a game, but don't be too focused on it."

Li Yawei said with some resentment, "You guys aren't interested?"

Sun Jian said, "I have to tutor my students tomorrow afternoon. If I pull an all-nighter, I won't be able to adjust my condition tomorrow."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Yeah, I have class tomorrow too."

Liu Nian raised his hand and whispered, "Me too."

Li Yawei sighed, "There are six people in our dorm. Three of them are tutoring, and one of them is working on tutoring websites. The rest of us, Jian Feng, and I are working on tutoring websites. Our dorm is working in the tutoring industry."

Hu Zhengdao smiled and said to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, I received the money. I went to the ATM this afternoon to check the balance. It's almost 400 yuan more."

Li Mu asked him, "How many classes did you have last week?"

"Fifteen, and the class cost was less than 30 yuan."

Li Mu asked Liu Nian, "Liu Nian, what about you?"

Liu Nian smiled shyly, "I received it too, 817 yuan!"

Sun Jian said enviously, "Little Nian Nian, the second week's transaction price is much lower than the first week's. I only got 22 yuan this time, and the right way is 23 yuan. But since you're on TV, the price didn't go down, but went up instead. It feels great to get 100 yuan an hour, right?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why?

Little Nian Nian's class cost 100 yuan? "

"Yes."

Sun Jian laughed and said, "Initially, it stopped rising at around 70 dollars. Later on, a rich guy directly offered 100 dollars. Little Nian Nian has been on the shelves for 20 hours this week, which means that he can earn 2,000 dollars a week. However, the commission will be deducted by 100 dollars."

Li Yawei said, "Damn, 2,000 yuan a week. I want to do it."

Liu Nian said awkwardly, "It's mainly because of that special topic. Otherwise, my price would have gone down this week."

Li Mu was happy for Liu Nian. Liu Nian was honest and filial. He wasn't worried that earning money would negatively affect Liu Nian.

Li Yawei saw that no one was interested in gaming, and she couldn't help feeling a little disappointed. She said, "If you guys don't want to go, then I won't go either. Let's talk about it tomorrow. It's a pity that I made up an excuse for my mom to play games all night."

Li Mu asked Li Yawei, "Is Legend starting to charge fees now?"

"Soon," Li Yawei said. "Shengda said that they'll start charging fees soon. I think it's at the end of the month."

Li Mu nodded. It seemed that he would have to deal with the plug-in again. This time, he might as well let Zhao Kang handle it. He had the core members of the Internet Water Army, who could be directly transformed into agents in various places. When the time came, he could spread the plug-in sales network and earn hundreds of thousands of yuan a month easily.

Although Li Mu now had more than a million dollars, and he had just bought a car, he was still very dissatisfied with his current capital. He still had a huge plan in the future, which required a lot of foreign exchange to operate. If the project started, the initial expenses would be terrifying, and he needed enough cash to play around. But once the project was successful, the profits it could bring would be like a blowout. Li Mu conservatively estimated that he had to prepare no less than three million dollars for this project. Making money as soon as possible had become one of the most important things in Li Mu's mind right now.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said to Li Yawei, "Yawei, do you want me to play with you for a while?"

Li Yawei was initially disappointed, but when she heard this, she immediately perked up. "Mu Ge, you're not joking, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's like this. It's not appropriate for us to stay overnight. Let's go out and play for a while. We'll come back before one or two o 'clock to rest. It's the weekend anyway, and the dorms won't be closed."

Li Yawei agreed without hesitation, and then immediately jumped off the edge of the bed with her hands. She quickly took a coat and said to Li Mu, "Let's go, Brother Mu. I'll treat you tonight."

Li Mu and Li Yawei went to an internet café outside the school. There were more than twenty computers in the café, and they were all occupied. Most of them were students. Li Mu looked around, and there were 19 males, which made up the majority. Among the 19 males, there were 11 who were playing Legend of Blood.

Apart from them, two of the girls were also playing the Legend of Mir 2. Li Mu estimated that more than 50% of the players were playing the Legend of Mir 2, and all of them had downloaded the free version of the Legend of Mir 1.

(To be continued.)

PS: