Chapter 37

Throughout the process of filling in the form and queuing up, Li Mu had been holding the CD that he took out from the computer in his hand. He didn't install it.

Sun Peng and Zhu Ziwen had been staring at this CD. They were afraid that Li Mu would change it halfway during the remittance. However, Li Mu was more capable than they thought.

Not only did the CD never leave his hand, but when he handed the CD to Sun Peng, he didn't forget to take out his other two CDs and handed them to Sun Peng. "I was afraid that the CD would be damaged and cause damage to the core data, so I made three CDs. They are all here."

Sun Peng slapped his forehead. "I forgot about this!"

Yeah, what if there was only one CD? What if I accidentally scratched it on the way?

If I look for Li Mu again, what if he doesn't pay up?

However, he was reliable and considerate. He directly gave three CDs. This was easy. When he went back, he would copy the data into the computer!

"You need to complete the verification part by yourselves." Li Mu kindly reminded them again.

Sun Peng nodded and said gratefully, "Of course, we have the ready-made code and the ready-made server."

Since they wanted to do online verification, it was normal to have their own server. Li Mu didn't say much. He shook hands with Sun Peng and said, "Happy working with you."

"Happy working with you!"

Zhao Kang had been watching from outside the bank through the glass door. When he saw the two shaking hands, he knew that it was done. So, he quietly hid to the side.

Li Mu came out with Sun Peng and Zhu Ziwen. He asked the two of them, "Where are you going now?"

Sun Peng immediately said, "To the train station. We have to hurry and see if there are any tickets to go back today."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "My house is nearby. I won't send you off at the train station."

"No need, no need." Sun Peng said quickly, "Go do your work. Let's keep in touch online in the future."

“OK。”

Li Mu saw the two of them off in the taxi. When the taxi had gone far, he turned around and saw Zhao Kang squatting in front of the bar, drinking soda. He smiled at him and waved.

At this moment, Zhao Kang decided to follow Li Mu from the bottom of his heart. It was not because he could earn eight hundred thousand so easily, but because Li Mu's smile was too calm. It was hard for him to imagine.

Although he only had 50,000, which was far from 800,000, he was so excited that he couldn't stand up.

Yes, he really couldn't stand up. Zhao Kang's legs didn't have any strength at all. It wasn't that he would get numb after squatting for a few minutes, but he was so excited that his whole body felt weak.

"Let's go. I'll transfer the money to you."

Li Mu took the other bottle of coke from Zhao Kang's hand, opened it and took a sip.

After Zhao Kang handed over the coke, he didn't take his hand back. He smiled awkwardly and said with a trembling voice, "Sorry to trouble you. Give me a hand. My legs can't move …"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. He reached out and pulled him up. They went to the bank and asked Zhao Kang to take out the card he had just registered. He filled in a form of eighty thousand according to his card number.

When Zhao Kang saw the number, he blurted out, "Little Mu, why is it eighty thousand again? Wasn't it fifty thousand?"

"It's ninety percent."

"No, no, I can't accept it. You're the one who did everything from start to end …"

Zhao Kang didn't know what to do.

Li Mu said, "You may feel that you didn't do much this time, but you have to remember that the Internet Water Army will be very useful in the future. You have to think about how to gather a large number of Internet Water Army on the Internet and make it professional and scale. We can't do anything without it in the future."

"But …"

"But my ass. Go back and think about it. Hurry up and transfer the money. We have to go back."

Li Mu used the appropriate amount of power to shut Zhao Kang up. Before leaving, he and Zhao Kang had a feast of seafood. They spent more than seven hundred yuan. Zhao Kang insisted on treating, so Li Mu didn't rush to pay the bill.

At two o 'clock, the two of them took the train back.

The short trip to Pengcheng was a happy one. Li Mu had 7twenty thousand yuan in his card, and Zhao Kang had eighty thousand yuan. With the Stone Age Overlord, Sun Peng could dominate the Stone Age plug-in market for a period of time in the future. Although the Stone Age would be impacted by many subsequent games, he could still make some money. Li Mu estimated that if Sun Peng operated well, he would have a chance to recover his capital in the next three months. After that, it would be pure profit.

Li Mu didn't throw away the Pengcheng SIM card. He replaced it and stuffed it into his pocket.

At five o 'clock in the afternoon, his mother called.

"Hello, Mom."

"Son, what do you want to eat tonight?

I'm off work. I'll go with your dad. "

"I'm not going home for dinner."

Li Mu thought of the conversation with his mother yesterday and couldn't help but smile. "I might be home late tonight. You can eat with dad."

"Okay, then I won't talk to you anymore. The phone bill is expensive."

Before hanging up, Li Mu heard his father say, "What's the rush? It hasn't even been half a minute …"

Li Mu put away his phone helplessly and asked Zhao Kang, "If you have time, do you want to get a driver's license?"

Zhao Kang was stunned. "Learning to drive?

Is it useful to learn that now? "

"It's a necessary skill in the future."

Li Mu said, "And the exams are easy now. It will get harder in the future. It's easy to learn now. I heard that there's a college entrance exam class where the students will all be high school graduates."

Zhao Kang nodded. "Since you said it, let's go together."

"Okay." Li Mu smiled. "I'm still waiting for Su Yingxue's notice. We'll go register together then."

"Su Yingxue?" Zhao Kang widened his eyes. "You've been secretly in love with her for three years. Are you finally going to take action?"

As his best friend, Zhao Kang knew that Li Mu had been secretly in love with Su Yingxue on the first day of high school registration. He couldn't extricate himself for three years.

However, Li Mu's feelings towards Su Yingxue were very complicated. He was an old man who had been through many hardships. He couldn't talk about love with an 18-year-old virgin like Zhao Kang. He didn't want to talk about it.

Seeing that Li Mu didn't speak, Zhao Kang thought that he was the same as before, lacking confidence and feeling humble. So he pretended to be nonchalant and said casually, "Actually, you're more than qualified to pursue Su Yingxue now. You're so handsome, and you'll definitely get into Renmin University. Most importantly, you're so good at making money. I don't think any high school student can be compared to you."

"Let's talk about this later."

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and became silent. His eyes stared thoughtfully at the rapidly retreating things outside the car window. Zhao Kang didn't know what he was thinking, but he didn't disturb him anymore.

Actually, Li Mu was calculating one thing in his mind now. He had gotten the short-term money, and it seemed that it was time to prepare for the longer term in the future. As for Su Yingxue, since he was her university classmate for four years, he would also treat her as a long-term person.

…

In the end, Li Mu didn't tell his parents that he had earned 720,000 yuan.

The result of his negotiation with Zhao Kang was that both of them should keep a low profile. He told his family that he had spent 180,000 yuan, and Zhao Kang said 20,000 yuan.

Li Mu was afraid that his parents would not agree to his proposal to let them open a store, so he decided to hide the amount of income and the money to open the store. Then, he would contact Metersbonwe, rent the storefront, and wait for the review. If Metersbonwe passed the review, he would tell his parents. At that time, a large amount of money would have been spent. Presumably, his parents would not be able to refuse even if they wanted to.

State-owned enterprise workers at his parents' age really lacked the courage to break the rules. If they were not guided, the first thought that came to their minds after being laid off would be to work. The 99th thought would still be to work, and perhaps the 100th thought would not even be to start a business.

After returning to Haizhou, the two of them ate some barbecue outside and each had two bottles of beer. Then, they walked home. Haizhou was still very lively at night in the summer. Food stalls and barbecue stalls were especially popular. The less entertainment there was, the livelier the streets were.

Zhao Kang passed by the bank ATM and withdrew 5,000 yuan. He counted 3,000 yuan and gave it to Li Mu. "Little Mu, this is the money to buy a cell phone."

Li Mu nodded and put the money in his pocket. It just so happened that he did not have much cash left.

Before they parted, Li Mu reminded Zhao Kang, "Remember, 20,000 yuan. Don't let it slip."

"I understand."

Zhao Kang made an OK gesture. "I guess my parents will go to your house to confirm it with you tonight. This will give them a shock."