Chapter 358

Sometimes, Li Mu's methods were very ruthless. Just like when he dealt with Guo Lin, as long as his whole family was not down, Li Mu would not give up. In the end, as he wished, Guo Lin's family had no chance to rise again. Now Li Mu had the same attitude towards Geng Yang. This kind of person was different from Feng Si 'er. Feng Si' er was an ordinary gangster. His greatest ability was to risk his life. Geng Yang, on the other hand, had money and background, and would seek revenge for the smallest grievance. Since he had made enemies with this kind of person, he must touch his foundation first.

And this time, Geng Yang did not simply hurt Zhao Kang and his girlfriend. His real target was himself, and he would not give up looking for opportunities to take revenge on himself. Therefore, the new and old accounts were laid out, and the problem could not be solved without making him crippled.

This time, Li Mu did not intend to call the police again. After Zhao Kang was beaten up, the police would at most arrest a few people and detain them for two days. Then, they would fine them and negotiate a compensation amount. For a person like Geng Yang, he could easily find someone to take the blame. Even if he arrested everyone except him, it would be meaningless.

If he wanted to play, he would play something with technical content.

Li Mu, who accompanied Zhao Kang to the hospital to observe the situation, thought for a long time. Since the biggest core business of Geng Yang's family was God Ji and Lao Bai Gan, Li Mu gradually had a general plan in his heart. He called Ning Hao, who was busy with the post-production of the movie, and told him that the movie needed to be reshot. He asked him to contact the original crew and find some extras.

Ning Hao was dumbfounded. The movie had been shot according to the script. Why did they need to reshoot?

What scenes were they going to reshoot?

Li Mu said, "Reshoot a scene of Zhang Kexuan drinking in a restaurant, and then find me some extras with good acting skills. Listen to the requirements of the extras."

"First, the extras must be short, ugly, and fat, but they also look like nouveau riche, the most vulgar people on the street, the kind of people who wear big gold chains, spit everywhere, whistle when they see girls, and pee in the corner of the wall in broad daylight."

"Second, your acting skills must be up to standard. The more despicable and arrogant your acting style is, the better."

On the other end of the phone, Ning Hao had already imagined what kind of person Li Mu was talking about. He immediately asked him, "Boss, what do you want to do?

What role does that kind of person have in a movie? "

Li Mu said calmly, "Just go and prepare. I'll tell you about the specifics of the plot when we meet."

Ning Hao said helplessly, "Alright then, I'll go take care of it."

Li Mu said, "Come to Yucheng Garden tonight. I'll give you some money on the way."

"Alright, I'll look for you tonight."

Li Mu's idea was very simple. Aren't you doing very well in the baijiu business? Isn't your Liquor Ji very popular in the north and has a lot of recognition in the high-end market?

Alright, then I'll use a little bit of effort to subvert the image of your product.

Li Mu's general idea was to find a few actors with matching images and dress up as particularly disgusting and uncultured nouveau riche. It would be best if they looked similar to Chen Kai in "Charlotte's Troubles". Then, he would find a few more actors and set the scene in a restaurant. He would let these nouveau riche eat in the restaurant's lobby while making a ruckus, picking their noses, spitting, blowing their noses, and grinning obscenely, revealing a mouthful of rotten teeth. In short, it would be as disgusting as it could be. Also, the table of these nouveau riche must be filled with Liquor Ji.

In this plot, because Zhang Kexuan suffered a blow, he drank alone in a corner. This group of people's uncultured behavior made everyone in the restaurant angry but not dare to say anything. Zhang Kexuan accused them of being uncultured. At this time, he would make these nouveau riche angry, and then he would design some disgusting lines for them.

For example: What's wrong with speaking loudly?

I have plenty of money!

For example: Who the hell do you think you are?

Why don't you look at what I'm drinking!

Ji Shen's Old White Liquor costs several hundred a bottle. Can you afford it?

One bottle to buy a hundred bottles of the trash on your table. You're just a poor bastard, and you dare to criticize me? "

As long as he portrayed the key points of nouveau riche, uncultured, and arrogant, it would be enough. The rest of the plot would also be easy to wrap up. When Zhang Kexuan was impulsive, a woman came up to him to persuade him. In the end, he chose to endure it. He decided to turn this humiliation, along with the humiliation brought to him by the male antagonist, into the motivation to compose music. Then, it would be seamlessly connected to the original plot.

With Li Mu's confidence in the micro movie "Oldboys", the fact that he purposely slandered God Ji's Liquor of White Liquor would easily sink into people's hearts. God Ji's Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White Liquor of White

At that time, he would use some fake reviewers and make up some adverts to spread it on the internet. He would completely associate Liquor Ji with the low-quality nouveau riche, and forcefully label it as extremely lowly in the eyes of the consumers. It would probably have a huge impact on Liquor Ji's own brand.

Although Li Mu had not studied the liquor market much, according to his experience, except for those very well-known first-line brands, few liquor brands could perform strongly in the market for a long time. Most of the brands were short-lived, and the users' drinking was also affected by the atmosphere. For example, when Li Mu worked in Yan Jing in his previous life, it was popular to drink the A brand when he went back home this year. Next year, when he went back home, the A brand was no longer popular, and everyone started to drink the B brand. In another year, the A brand liquor could not even be bought.

Li Mu actually did not have much of an impression of Liquor Ji. It was very likely that its lifespan was only a few years. If that was the case, he could greatly accelerate the decline of this brand. Once people were no longer interested in Liquor Ji, other liquor brands would immediately emerge in the market to replace it. Li Mu firmly believed that there would be people who would step on Liquor Ji's reputation a few more times.

This was the backbone of Geng Yang's family business. If it collapsed, things would get interesting.

…

Geng Yang could not get through to Li Mu. He was furious but had nowhere to vent his anger. He was still cursing when he drove to Tang Quan's company.

Tang Quan was in the office drinking tea with a beautiful female singer in his arms. He even told her, "When you go to Mr. Xu's place today, you must perform well. If you serve him well, I will release an album for you after the New Year."

The female singer smiled and said, "Don't worry, Mr. Tang. I will serve Mr. Xu as well as I serve you."

Tang Quan slapped her perky butt twice and said with a lewd smile, "You have to serve him better than serving me. He is my God of Fortune!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Geng Yang pushed the door open and walked in with a sullen face.

Tang Quan saw that he seemed to be a little emotional, so he asked curiously, "Yang Zi, what's wrong with you?

Didn't you go out to fuck someone?

Did you get fucked by someone else? "

"Don't mention it!"

Geng Yang said angrily, "I followed him from the Fourth Ring Road all the way to Xiaotangshan. I even made a special call to mobilize people to chase after him. When I got there, I found out that it was not him."

"F * ck, that's bad luck."

Tang Quan smiled and said, "It's okay. There will be a chance sooner or later. Take your time and you will definitely find that kid."

Geng Yang said, "I've already found him. Although I didn't kill that brat, that brat just called me. F * ck, he even dared to threaten me and drive a GL8 to show off. Next time I catch him, I'll kill him!"

Tang Quan laughed and said, "Yeah, driving a lousy GL8 and he is so arrogant. That Ferrari of yours can buy more than ten of his cars."

Then, Tang Quan asked again, "Did that kid call you to arrange a fight with you?"

Geng Yang shook his head and said, "That kid was scared. I asked him where he was and he wouldn't tell me. He even said his name. I think his name is probably fake."

Tang Quan said, "What's his name?

I will see if I can get someone to check it for you. "

Geng Yang thought for a moment and said, "Li Mu, Li Mu, Mu from the ranch."

Tang Quan was stunned and his jaw almost dropped to the ground. "What did you say?

Li Mu?

Are you sure his name is Li Mu? "

"Yes." Geng Yang nodded. "He said it himself."

Tang Quan remembered that Li Mu drove a GL8. He was surprised that this guy was rich enough to drive such an inconspicuous car.

So Tang Quan asked Geng Yang in a hurry, "Describe what Li Mu looks like."

Geng Yang thought for a moment and gave a rough description. Tang Quan slapped his thigh and said, "That's him!"

Geng Yang asked Tang Quan in surprise, "You know him?"

Tang Quan nodded. "Yes, but I don't know him."

Tang Quan was too embarrassed to talk about his past with Li Mu. He had suffered a big loss at Li Mu's hands. Just thinking about it made him feel ashamed.

Geng Yang asked Tang Quan, "Who is that kid?"

Tang Quan didn't know what to say. Say Li Mu is awesome?

He's really awesome, but I don't want to admit it. Say he's trash?

Maybe as soon as I say it, this guy will go to Li Mu to settle the score. If he wins, he can help me. But if he doesn't, with Li Mu's character, this kid is basically done for.

The point is, Tang Quan didn't think that with Geng Yang's IQ, he would be able to take advantage of Li Mu.

Li Mu is a sinister and cunning guy. Even the police are protecting him. It's like he has practiced the Golden Bell Iron Shirt. Under these circumstances, whoever dares to touch a hair on his head will probably be sent to the police's jail. If Geng Yang is sent to jail by Li Mu, where can I find such a sucker?

So, Tang Quan said to Geng Yang, "I can't explain this guy's background in a few sentences. But he's not easy to mess with. The key is that he has a good relationship with the police. If he calls the police, they will definitely arrest you, and they won't care who you are."

Geng Yang frowned. "This kid has a good relationship with the police?"

Tang Quan snorted. "It's not really good. The police have to protect him."

"Why?"