Chapter 1739

Akainan Toyoda was woken up by his father's words.

Japan is a polarized society. Some people are extremely rational, and some are extremely irrational.

In recent years, Japanese companies have been desperately developing the local market and have developed the local market to an extreme. When the market reaches an extreme, human nature will also reach an extreme.

For example, Japanese companies in the intellectual property industry will try their best to exploit the remaining value of their fans. A manga not only needs to be published, but it also needs to be made into an animated series or animated movie. After that, they will try their best to explore the surrounding market. For example, Gundam's IP, the figurine market has been developed to the extreme by Japanese companies.

If a Gundam fan wants to be a qualified fan, passion alone is not enough. They must have enough money to support it.

Japanese companies continued to use this method to make their fans addicted, and the most direct effect was to give birth to a large number of fans who had a hobby of collecting. They would exchange all their money for products in a near frenzy, filling the entire house with comic books, figurines, and game cartridges. They would be addicted to the virtual world or utopia created by these companies, which would then give birth to all kinds of two-dimensional or slightly distorted cultures.

For example, there are a large number of Otakus, good-for-nothings, and people in their forties who do not work and spend their time at home with manga, anime, and games. There are hundreds of thousands of people in Japan.

The social environment has turned Japanese youths from "Showa men" to "Heisei good-for-nothings," making them lose their true rationality.

And this is only one of the symptoms of "losing rationality."

There was also another kind of behavior, which was complete blind obedience.

Young people will willingly follow their idols. If their idols tell them to go east, they will immediately go east.

All young people in the country regard Li Mu as their idol, and if Li Mu really starts to play with cars, it is hard to guarantee that these young people will not be influenced by him.

In Japan, a country with a high penetration rate of cars, the sales of cars are supported by young people. If this generation of young people turns against Feng Yu, the domestic market will be finished.

Shoichiro Toyoda is the most worried about this.

In his eyes, the domestic market is the base that Toyota and all the Japanese automobile companies must defend.

This strong sense of territory comes from the strong development of Japanese cars in the past few decades. In the decades after the war, Japanese cars not only drove most of the imported cars out of the domestic market, but also achieved great success in the world. For Japanese automobile companies, the absolute market share in the domestic market is like a totem in their hearts, and it is the biggest support for them to enter the market outside of China.

However, the only thing that made Shoichiro Toyoda regretful was that Japanese cars couldn't defend the local market in the luxury car field.

Rolls-Royce, Bentley, Ferrari, and Lamborghini are still the top luxury cars in Japan. Other than that, Benz is also very influential in Japan. These brands are more popular than Toyota and Lexus in Japan.

Fortunately, the Japanese luxury car market is not very big. This is similar to Hua Xia, and the people who drive the top luxury cars are mostly the richest people and their children. Their market share is very small.

Other than luxury cars, the rest of the cars were basically useless in Japan. The sales of American cars in Japan were so bad that the sales in Japan could not be compared to a single 4S store in China. Among the top 30 best-selling cars in Japan, none of them were imported cars. All of them were Japanese brands.

The more this is so, the more Shoichiro Toyoda feels that this is precious and hard to come by. If an imported car can make it to the top 30 best-selling cars in Japan, it is equivalent to opening up the domestic market to foreign brands.

If an imported car can make it to the top 10 best-selling cars in Japan, in Shoichiro Toyoda's heart, it is equivalent to losing the domestic market.

Originally, he never thought that any foreign car brand can make it to the top 30 best-selling cars in Japan. But for some reason, when he heard that Li Mu wants to enter the automobile industry, he suddenly had an ominous feeling. This premonition makes him feel that Li Mu is very likely to use a car product like YY to open up the domestic market in Japan.

In his view, once the domestic market is opened up by Li Mu, the confidence of Japanese automobile manufacturers will be greatly affected. Similarly, if Li Mu can sell cars to Japan, then he can sell cars to any place in the world.

If he really steps on the right path, with his funds and resources, he will become the biggest enemy of the entire traditional automobile industry.

…

When Li Mu arrived in Boston, it was already morning in Hua Xia.

In fact, since early in the morning, the domestic media had already received the news. Their office in the United States had already sent this major news back to China, and the domestic media had also prepared the news materials overnight, ready to start a round of overwhelming publicity offensive from the morning news.

As soon as Li Mu landed in Boston, and his mobile phone signal had just been restored, a director in charge of news at Central Television called him. This director and Li Mu have known each other for a long time, and they have also worked together several times. It can be considered as a personal friendship.

As soon as the phone was connected, the other party asked excitedly, "Mr. Li, more than an hour ago, we received news that you have acquired three car brands from Ford. Is this true?"

Li Mu said, "It is true. Makino Technology has reached a preliminary agreement with Ford to fully acquire the three brands of Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo under Ford."

The other party said excitedly, "That's great!

It is the first time that Hua Xia's enterprise has acquired an overseas car brand. I would like to ask, what are your plans for these three brands next? "

Li Mu had nothing to hide, so he said truthfully, "After the acquisition is completed, we will transfer part of our production capacity to China, and then set up a group specializing in cars in China to manage and operate these three brands. At the same time, we will also create our own car brand, which will be tentatively named 'Muye'. I can guarantee to the people of the whole country that in the future, Muye Automobile Group will always maintain 100% Chinese blood, and is determined to be our own high-end family car!"

Li Mu's ambition did not need to be hidden at all. Those who believed him would feel their blood was boiling, and those who did not believe him would feel as if they had heard a fantasy.

However, Li Mu did not care about this. He had always done things with a high standard, and naturally, it was the same for cars. There was no need to hide it at all.

Li Mu's answer made the director very excited. He hurriedly asked Li Mu, "Can we broadcast your answer on the news program?"

Li Mu said very generously, "Of course, as long as there is no second processing."

He had to admit what he had said, but sometimes the media would add fuel to the fire. In that case, he could not admit it. For example, today he said that he wanted to build a high-end car for Hua Xia people, and then the media said that he wanted to kill Benz's BMW and Audi, which would be embarrassing.

From six o 'clock, all the major TV stations, including Central Television, began to focus on the major news of Li Mu's acquisition of the three brands of Ford. Although these three brands were not as well-known as Benz's BMW and Audi in Hua Xia, they were still considered luxury cars in the public's impression. Therefore, when this news came out, it immediately caused a huge reaction in the country!

The reaction of the ordinary people was surprised, excited, and proud. No one would have thought that as the founder of an Internet company, Li Mu would suddenly acquire three famous car brands.

It should be known that Hua Xia's self-produced cars had always been weak. Although the idea of exchanging technology for the market was very good, it was somewhat regrettable when it was put into practice. As a result, after more than 20 years of reform and opening up, Hua Xia's economy had developed rapidly, and other industries had advanced by leaps and bounds, but self-produced cars had never found a chance to rise.

Volkswagen was the most popular car on the street, followed by Suzuki, Toyota, and Honda. People regarded Mercedes-Benz, BMW, and Audi as luxury cars, and Toyota and Honda as respectable family cars. But for domestic cars, except for minivans, pickup trucks, and minivans, the rest were all cheap cars.

Xiali?

It was really cheap, but its overall performance was no different from its price. High performance-to-price ratio?

That did not exist. It could only be said that you get what you pay for, and you get what you pay for.

Geely?

Most of the car models were no different from Xiali. The Jaguar Beauty had become a laughing stock among car lovers.

Chery?

Although QQ's sales were high, it was indeed the lowest-end entry-level car model.

Red Flag was indeed famous, but its models were expensive, and its sales were very low. It could not be regarded as a private car. Moreover, Red Flag in this era was just an Audi 100 with a new shell.

In such an environment, the people had always been looking forward to the rise of domestic products. However, domestic cars had not been able to make any progress, and this had become a big regret in people's hearts.

As time passed, this regret would only become more and more intense.

But now, Li Mu had quietly taken over three car brands. Not only was he going to transfer part of the production of these three brands to Hua Xia, but he was also going to establish his own car brand in Hua Xia. This was simply equivalent to a poverty-stricken independent car manufacturer suddenly becoming rich.

CCTV had always been generous with its praise for Li Mu. In their report, they said: "An entrepreneur like Li Mu who cares about Hua Xia and the manufacturing of Hua Xia is a role model for all entrepreneurs in Hua Xia to learn from."

On the Internet, under every related news article, a large number of users left comments. Their comments made people's blood boil. Many people expressed that they believed that Li Mu would definitely be able to make domestic independent cars bigger and stronger. They also promised that if Mu Ye's own car went on the market, they would unconditionally support it. Whether their words were sincere or not, their attitude had already laid a solid foundation for Li Mu's Mu Ye cars!