Chapter 1371

At the beginning of the gala, the two CCTV hosts reported to the national audience the current situation of the spread of the SARS epidemic, as well as the progress of the epidemic prevention work in various places.

The big screen at the scene played a large number of video materials taken from the frontline of the epidemic prevention. They were all live footage of the angels in white working on the frontline. In the video, there was a detailed introduction of each city where SARS was found, including when the first case of SARS was found in the city, how many patients were diagnosed, the treatment of the patients, and the introduction of the SARS epidemic prevention center in the area.

From the video, not only could one see the video materials of the medical staff who were not afraid of death on the frontline of the fight against SARS, they could also see the hardware and software facilities of the SARS epidemic prevention center in each city. Among them, many medical protective equipment and rapid disinfection equipment donated by Li Mu could also be seen.

From the video, it could also be seen that Hua Xia had carried out comprehensive monitoring of the development of the epidemic throughout the country. At the same time, all relevant information had been released to the public. There was no concealment of the epidemic as advertised by the Western media.

When Hua Xia's audience saw this video, they were all moved by the medical staff of Hua Xia who were fighting at the frontline. In the video, a female head nurse of the Yan Jing SARS epidemic prevention center worked for more than 40 consecutive hours. While dispensing medicine, she was interviewed by the TV station. She said with a relaxed expression that she did not feel tired. Now was the time when the people needed them, and everyone should work harder. After saying that, she put on protective clothing and prepared to enter the quarantine area to change the medicine for the patients. The reporter's camera followed her all the way to the quarantine area, watched her enter the quarantine area, and then gradually disappeared from the screen.

Immediately after that, the screen changed to a complete black. The female head nurse was already lying on the hospital bed in the quarantine area. The camera was filming her from outside the glass window. She was even smiling and waving at the camera. The narrator explained to the audience that the head nurse had fever symptoms of hyperthermia after working for more than 50 consecutive hours. Then, she was immediately isolated for observation. Not long after, she was diagnosed with SARS and was currently receiving treatment in the quarantine center.

An expert doctor told the reporter in front of the camera that in the face of an epidemic, there was basically no 100% safe contact. It was difficult for the medical staff to provide perfect protection, so there was still a certain risk of infection.

Following that, Central TV broadcast an edited version. So far, it was a list of medical personnel who had been infected with SARS due to their work across the country, including several angels in white who had been sacrificed.

For the audience in front of the television, this video was particularly heavy. Through this video, the audience's respect and admiration for the medical staff increased exponentially. Every time a SARS patient was admitted for treatment, there would inevitably be a large number of medical staff who would come into direct contact with the patient due to their duties. At this stage, the medical staff who were fighting on the frontline had completely placed themselves in the most dangerous place, throwing their own safety to the back of their minds.

Moreover, this video not only recorded the efforts of the mainland medical staff in the fight against SARS, but also included the video recording of Hong Kong and Taiwanese medical staff fighting on the frontline of the fight against SARS. The video of the Hong Kong Chief Executive visiting the hospital to express his condolences to the infected medical staff moved countless viewers.

After the video ended, the audience, who had volunteered to come from various universities, burst into applause. The audience in front of the TV was also deeply moved.

At this time, the Central TV host invited more than a dozen special guests. They were the representatives of the angels in white from the affected areas across the country, as well as the family members of the three medical staff who had been sacrificed, including their partners, parents, and children.

At the scene, the host introduced the identities of these special guests one by one. Every time a guest was introduced, the audience would spontaneously applaud. The applause was deafening.

Especially when it came to the family members of the sacrificed medical staff, the Central TV host said to the camera, "Originally, there was a very heated discussion in our station about whether or not to invite the family members of the sacrificed medical staff. Because of this issue, there were two camps with different opinions. One side felt that it was too cruel of us to do so, because they had just lost their loved ones. If we invited them to this party at this time, it would undoubtedly aggravate the pain in their hearts and make them feel even more pain. But the other side felt that our medical staff had been misunderstood too much. In the current tense doctor-patient relationship, many people do not understand the responsibilities and dangers that the medical staff have to bear every day. We need to let the people see with their own eyes how the medical staff risked their lives to fight against the virus in places they could not see, on the battlefield where they could not see the smoke of gunpowder. We cannot let our medical staff live ordinary lives and sacrifice so ordinary. Of course, to the family members of the sacrificed medical staff, this is indeed too cruel …" At this point, the host's eyes were red.

Speaking up to this point, the host's eyes reddened, but he calmed himself down and continued, "Later on, our two camps came to a compromise. We will send someone to the homes of the medical staff who sacrificed themselves to have a private conversation with their family members. If they are unwilling to participate, we will express our 100% respect and understanding. If they are willing to participate, we will represent all of Central TV's staff, the entire nation's media, and the entire nation's citizens to express our highest respect and gratitude to them. What we did not expect was that the families of these three medical staff who sacrificed themselves all accepted our invitation and appeared on this stage today. Let us use our most sincere applause to show our highest respect to their families who sacrificed themselves!"

All the audience stood up and applauded.

In this special war where the smoke of gunpowder could not be seen, the medical staff were like the soldiers who charged at the forefront when the country was in danger. It was they who used their own bodies to ensure the safety of the people. Therefore, they were heroes and deserved to be treated as heroes.

After this segment was over, the host brought the pace of the gala to the entrepreneur donation segment. As the representative of the entrepreneur camp, Li Mu naturally became an entrepreneur who was invited to appear on stage.

When the host announced that the founder and chairman of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology, Li Mu, was invited to appear on stage, the audience burst into thunderous applause again. Li Mu had contributed a lot during SARS, and the people of the country had witnessed it. Under the premise that he had done so much for SARS, he still attended this gala in person. It was indeed impeccable and exceeded everyone's expectations of him as an entrepreneur.

Moreover, the sudden addition of so many big-name stars to this gala, and the performance lineup increased from the original more than 20 people to nearly 200 people in one go. Everyone knew that this was because of Li Mu's favor. If it were not for Li Mu, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, who had already faded out of the entertainment industry and lived in the United States, would have returned to China without hesitation to save the situation. If it were not for Li Mu, these stars would not have been so obsessed and racked their brains to participate in this performance.

Combined with the billions of epidemic prevention materials Li Mu had used to stabilize the price of goods, and at the same time, he had stabilized the people's fear caused by the shortage of goods and price increases. He had become the number one person in the fight against SARS in the eyes of the people of the country.

Dressed in formal attire, Li Mu stepped onto the stage. After shaking hands with the two hosts, he was invited to stand on the podium and give his speech as a representative of the entrepreneurs. Li Mu did not prepare a speech. He did not want to say much today. There was only one main line, and he had already memorized it in his mind.

Li Mu said, "Recently, SARS has been spreading around the world. It is one of the countless epidemics around the world. Unfortunately, it may be more dangerous and more difficult to deal with than most epidemics. However, our medical staff in Hua Xia have fully displayed their abilities, their love, and their sense of responsibility in this war without gunpowder. They have made great efforts and contributions to the fight against SARS. Of course, this is also due to the important role played by the country's will. The more dangerous a time is, the more we should believe in our country, believe in the country's determination to protect the people, and believe in the country's will to deal with the crisis."

The audience below the stage were all university students, and all of them regarded Li Mu as their biggest idol. Therefore, after Li Mu finished a paragraph, they immediately gave him an extremely warm applause.

After the applause, Li Mu continued,

"Today, we are fighting against SARS on our land, not only for the safety of our own people, but also for the safety of all mankind. Our medical staff are risking their lives and strictly implementing the principle of completely isolating the patients for treatment. We are determined not to let any diagnosed patient flow to other places or foreign countries. At the same time, we have fully displayed the international humanitarian spirit, resolutely and unconditionally accepting all patients that appear in our country, regardless of their nationality or ethnicity. This is the embodiment of our great country's sense of responsibility, and even more so, our sense of responsibility to all mankind."

"However, under the circumstances where we have made so many efforts, we are still being misinterpreted and attacked by some overseas media with ulterior motives. They have forcefully applied what is suitable for politics to the field of humanitarianism, using political attempts to distort and attack humanitarianism. I have a strong personal dissatisfaction with this, but I do not intend to protest to those media here, because we should spend more energy on saving the world, instead of arguing with a few vermin in this world. They can disregard the safety of human society in order to realize their despicable desires. As a responsible Chinese people, we can't just stand by and watch. Caring for the world is a fine tradition of the Chinese people that has been passed down for thousands of years. It is also our responsibility as a superpower."

The audience burst into cheers, and the applause lasted for a long time.