Chapter 1751

Google's share price was too high today, and even Li Mu felt weak.

Especially the media's attitude, which made him feel pessimistic.

When Google's share price was soaring, the media was still praising Google. Some so-called experts even said that Google's market value should be around 200 billion USD, and Google's IPO price was obviously underestimated.

This made Li Mu feel that Google was using the media as bait, and the capitalists must have treated Google as a great opportunity to make money.

That's why Li Mu reminded Larry Page not to indulge in today's share price rise, and he had to remind the investors to be careful of the risks. If not, Google's reputation will be affected if the share price crashes.

However, even though Larry Page understood this, it was still a bit difficult for him to openly stand on the opposite side of capital.

Li Mu looked at Larry Page and shook his head helplessly.

Seems like this guy still does not dare to offend Wall Street's capitalists.

But this is also considered the right way to handle the situation. After all, it is rare to see a CEO who dares to tell the public that his company is not worth such a high market value.

In theory, every newly listed company is a good battlefield for the capitalists to make money.

The capitalists will try their best to hype up the story, hype up the concept, and trick the individual investors into buying it. In the end, the individual investors will be trapped, and the capitalists will make a lot of money.

On the first trading day, Qitou's share price rose by 190%. On the second trading day, it plummeted by 41%. On the sixth trading day, the share price fell below the IPO price. Qitou's market value was only a few billion USD, and many investors were devastated.

If Google's share price crashes, it will be much bigger than Qitou, and the impact will be much greater.

At this time, the company can either do nothing or cooperate with the capitalists to hype up the shares. Destroying the capitalists' livelihood will indeed affect their future.

However, Li Mu does not care if he offends the capitalists. After all, the capitalists are his bootlickers. Even if he slapped the biggest investor on Wall Street today and announced the Makino Technology's financing tomorrow, the investor will still beg him to take his money.

After all, no one would say no to money. Ordinary people still had some backbone, but the capitalists were the ones who had no backbone at all. All they had in their eyes was profit.

Now, Google's share prices had skyrocketed, and it had become a demonic stock. Both he and Google will not get any benefits, and when the share prices crash, the shareholders will scold them. Instead of that, he might as well make things clear.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Larry Page, "If the reporters ask relevant questions later, just pretend to be a coward and then throw the blame to me."

Larry Page heaved a sigh of relief and cupped his hands at Li Mu. "Li Zong, thank you so much!"

Li Mu looked at his gestures in surprise and asked, "Who did you learn this from?"

"Hua Xia's kungfu movie."

Larry Page smiled and said, "In Hua Xia's Kung Fu movies, when I meet a martial arts master, I always salute like this!"

Li Mu looked at Larry Page in a daze and said in Mandarin, "It should be an ambitious person. Promise me, don't be a bootlicker, okay?"

"What?" Although Larry Page had studied English for a while, he still did not understand the meaning of being an ambitious person and a bootlicker.

In fact, even the people of Hua Xia could not understand the meaning of the word bootlicker.

It was like a loser. If he told people of Hua Xia, they would not understand.

Li Mu could not be bothered to explain to him. He patted his shoulder and said in English, "Keep it up."

As expected, after the stock market closed, countless reporters wanted to interview Larry Page and Li Mu.

The two of them had been staying at Nasdaq and had witnessed the process of Google's share price soaring like a rocket. It was reasonable for them to be interviewed by the media at this time.

The reporters maintained a high level of excitement, and the audience and investors were equally excited.

For the entire Nasdaq, this was an unprecedented IPO spree in recent years.

Larry Page was the first to be asked, "Mr. Page, Google's share price increased by 210% in one day. What do you think about this?"

Larry Page smiled and said, "I still haven't reacted to this. This is too shocking. Let's interview Li Zong first!"

Therefore, the reporters pointed their microphones and cameras at Li Mu.

Li Mu smiled and said seriously, "To be honest, I'm very happy that the market recognizes Google."

Li Mu then changed the topic and said, "However, I still want to remind the investors that Google is not worth such a high market value at this stage. The share price should not be so high at this stage. Therefore, I would like to ask the market to be rational …"

The reporters were stunned when they heard this.

What's going on?

All Li Mu had to do was say something like "I believe Google's future will be even brighter.", and Google's share price would definitely rise tomorrow.

But now, Li Mu suddenly said that Google's share price should not be so high. This … Isn't this pouring cold water on me?

A Wall Street Journal reporter could not help but ask, "Li Zong, before the market opened, you said that Google is a magic door in the online world. Why do you feel that Google is not worth such a high market value now?"

Li Mu thought to himself. When I praised Google, I thought that it would rise by 100% on the first day. I didn't expect it to rise by 200%. If I don't stop them, it might go up to 300% tomorrow. If this goes on, the investors will strike while the iron is hot. No matter how high Google's share price rises, it will fall. Therefore, after a good start, it is necessary to warn the investors.

Then, Li Mu said meaningfully, "The value of the magic door also has to be in line with the market rules. Google is the magic door in the online world, and Makino Technology is the magic ball in the online world. However, this does not mean that the magic ball's market value can exceed the market rules. Therefore, investors should be more vigilant and calm down. When the market value is high, it is best not to blindly chase up."

After that, Li Mu said, "Of course, this is just my personal suggestion. The actual operation still depends on the investors' judgment."

Li Mu's answer made the reporters in the audience depressed.

This was because many of the media that interviewed him were from Wall Street, and Wall Street's financial media itself was operated by Wall Street's capital.

Not to mention Wall Street's media, most of the media in the United States were also operated by capital. These American media were often influenced by the capital and deliberately smuggled in their daily reports.

It was child's play to be optimistic about a certain stock or a certain company. They were best at deliberately hinting at a larger level.

For example, if they needed to make the Western people hostile to the East, they would make false and distorted reports about the East. If they needed to launch a war in the Middle East, they would also exaggerate the Westerners' hatred of the Middle East extremists in advance.

Everything had two sides, or multiple sides. However, which side of the event the American media reported depended on which side the interests of the capital were behind it.

Google, with the endorsement of Li Mu and the blessing of Makino Technology, had become a rare demonic stock. The capital was prepared to take advantage of this opening to make a fortune, but Li Mu suddenly said such a statement. It was simply cutting off their source of income.

At this time, there were media reporters hoping that Li Mu could add a few more words, so they deliberately asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, in your eyes, Google's market value is not more than 100 billion USD?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "No one can tell what will happen in the future, but in my opinion, it's not there yet."

Many investors only played in the short to medium term. Not many people could persist in holding a company's stock for a few years or even more. In the future, Google's market value would definitely exceed 300 billion USD, or even more, but no one could tell when exactly.

Retail investors are not like investment institutions. It is hard for them to reach the peak after investing. If an ordinary investor buys Google shares at 300 USD, and the share price falls, it might take one or two years for the shares to return to this price. How many retail investors can last for one or two years without losing their shares?

But investment institutions were different. They often had an investment cycle of a few years, sometimes even longer.

They used their funds and investors' money to make long-term plans for three to five years or even longer. Within these three to five years, a temporary rise or fall was nothing. They dared to hold on to the shares for three to five years. How could ordinary people have the courage to hold on to the shares for three to five years?

Furthermore, ordinary people's asset allocation was not balanced. Once something happened in their lives, they would not be able to hold on to the shares for a long time.

Therefore, Li Mu could not say in front of the media that Google's market value would reach hundreds of billions of USD in the future. To the capital, this would be helping them to gain more shares.

After that, Li Mu did not accept any more interviews from the reporters. After Larry Page accepted a brief interview, both of them left the Nasdaq exchange.

On the way back to the hotel, Larry Page sat in the same car as Li Mu. The first thing he did after getting into the car was to unbutton his tie and the top two buttons of his shirt. He slumped on the sofa and sighed, "Today was too crazy!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "When the share price stabilizes, it will take at least the end of the year or next year for it to climb to this height."

Larry Page said, "After this wave of hype, if we want to pull up the share price, it will depend on the business development and the company's financial report."

Li Mu said, "You don't have to care too much about the performance of the stock market. Google's revenue from advertising is very strong, and there is no need for us to raise funds or sell a large amount of shares. We can focus on technology development and market expansion. In a few years, the number of users of the internet will increase, and Google's market value will also increase. Two years later, as a major shareholder, we can reduce our holdings, and the company's market value will probably exceed 200 billion USD. At that time, even if we reduce our holdings by 1%, we will still get 2 billion USD in revenue. Of course, we will have to pay taxes to the government first."

Larry Page smiled and said, "These are all things for the future. As you said, I will focus on the business next. I also need to plan how to use the funds raised from the IPO."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I will go back to Hua Xia tomorrow. Keep an eye on the Keyhole navigation system and get it as soon as possible."