Chapter 724

Seeing the content of the text message, Xie Yun also felt that Li Mu had gone too far. The Zhao Family was a prestigious family. Not to mention that Zhao Xianliang's business was spread all over the country, the Xie Family was absolutely a cultural and scholarly family. She and Zhao Ziqiu were all top students from top universities in the country. With such a family background and education, they were naturally more ambitious. How could they accept that their daughter's boyfriend did two things and hooked up with other women outside?

However, Xie Yun had always been more rational than her husband when it came to matters related to Zhao Ziqiu. Although she was angry and annoyed in her heart, she also knew that she couldn't go along with her husband. Because if both of them hated Li Mu so much, there would be no solution to this matter.

Could it be that they hated him so much that they would rush to Yan Jing to beat and scold him together?

That was not realistic. Matters between men and women could only be restrained under the scope of morality. She felt that no matter whether Li Mu did such a thing or not, she could only influence her daughter. She couldn't and couldn't influence Li Mu. This was also the arrogance and loftiness of intellectuals in doing things.

Therefore, for Xie Yun, the most important thing at the moment was how to stabilize her husband's mood.

So Xie Yun said, "Don't be anxious. Before this matter comes to light, let's not be too affected by it. We can let this person investigate in secret first."

"What else is there to see?"

Zhao Xianliang said angrily, "In my opinion, when we go home, we should tell Ziqiu about this matter, make it clear, and immediately break up with Li Mu. Such a person is not worthy of her feelings and energy at all!"

"Don't be so anxious."

Xie Yun persuaded, "Anyway, our daughter is at home now. It makes no difference whether you ask her to leave Li Mu today or leave Li Mu ten days later. Besides, have you ever thought that what if Li Mu did this for some other purpose?"

Zhao Xianliang didn't have much contact with Li Mu. Moreover, as Zhao Ziqiu's father, he was naturally somewhat unhappy with Li Mu, who took advantage of his daughter. Therefore, he didn't think that Li Mu did this for any other purpose. In his opinion, Li Mu was just inflated with money. Like most rich men, he began to find satisfaction with different women.

The reason why Zhao Xianliang had this kind of understanding of Li Mu was not that he was unhappy with Li Mu, but that he had experienced this stage himself. To put it bluntly, he had also fooled around outside behind Xie Yun's back. An entrepreneur could still calm down in this aspect when he was a millionaire, but once his net worth exceeded ten million, a hundred million, or even a billion, he didn't need to go out and look for it himself. The temptation from the opposite sex was simply too much to take in. When all kinds of women swarmed around like mosquitoes in the summer, how many people could keep their minds clear?

Take Zhao Xianliang's age as a successful male businessman, for example. When he met with a group of men in similar situations, they no longer discussed how many women he had fooled around with, but how many children he had hidden outside. Zhao Xianliang had always felt that he was already a good man in the circle of successful entrepreneurs because he didn't have any illegitimate children outside.

Because of this kind of experience, he was even more vigilant and misunderstood Li Mu. He was afraid that his daughter would also suffer from the same thing with Li Mu.

However, although Xie Yun's consolation didn't really convince him, he was also afraid that his daughter wouldn't agree with this kind of news. If his daughter went to ask Li Mu, Li Mu might make up for it after the sheep were lost. Therefore, he decided that no matter what, he would first investigate clearly and get first-hand evidence before telling his daughter.

Therefore, Zhao Xianliang said to Xie Yun, "I'll send a message first and let the people in Yanjing dig deeper. When they get solid evidence, Ziqiu must leave him!

If it doesn't work, don't let her go back to Yanjing University. Send her abroad! "

How could Xie Yun bear to send her daughter abroad? She could only vaguely say, "Get someone to investigate clearly first. There's no rush to communicate with my daughter about this matter."

"Okay!

Previously, I only checked his household registration, school registration, and business registration on paper. This time, I'll get someone to check everything about him! "

…

In the new villa that Li Mu bought, his mother, Xiao Yunfang, liked the kitchen the most.

The western-style kitchen was 40 to 50 square meters large. The cupboards were made on three sides, and there was a huge marble operating table in the middle. In addition, there was a range hood, a stove, a dishwasher, a disinfector, an oven, a microwave, a water purifier, and even a kitchen waste crusher. It was almost everything that one could think of.

Xiao Yunfang had been cooking for so many years, and it was the first time that she realized that cooking could be so satisfying, enjoyable, and even elegant. She didn't need to leave oil stains and smoke everywhere. After cooking, she didn't need to collect and sort out the leftovers in the soup and water. She could just throw them into the crusher and dispose of them along the sewer.

The spacious and high-end design and rich modern equipment made Xiao Yunfang completely fall in love with this kitchen, which was more expensive than a house in Haizhou.

In the afternoon, the couple went out to buy a lot of fresh ingredients. Li Ma planned to cook a sumptuous dinner at home, so she asked Papa Lee to inform Li Mu in advance that he was not allowed to eat outside tonight and must eat at home.

When Li Mu heard that his mother was going to cook, he naturally agreed. At six o 'clock, he drove back with Wei Lan.

Wei Lan sat in Li Mu's car and hesitated for a long time before saying, "After a few days, I'll move out. It's not appropriate for me to always stay at home and disturb you."

Li Mu didn't refuse. He couldn't keep Wei Lan at home, so he said, "Okay, after I'm done with the show, you can buy a house near the company. You must be very clear about the room price in Yan Jing. Renting is far less cost-effective than buying a house."

"Of course."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "You're giving me such a high annual salary, how can I rent a house? I'll pay attention to the information of the nearby real estate in the next two days and buy a suitable house."

Li Mu nodded. "Anywhere is fine, but I definitely won't return the villa in Ziyun Villa to you."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "That's for sure. If I sell it to you, how can I take it back?"

"That's good." Li Mu said, "I like this house a lot, and so do my parents."

"It's good that you like it!"

Wei Lan nodded, thought for a moment, and asked the question she always wanted to ask, "Oh right, can you tell me in advance what method you're going to use to solve Juncheng Real Estate's current problem?"

Li Mu smiled and spat out two words, "Throw money."

"Throw money?"

"That's right, didn't you owe more than two billion but less than three billion?

And it's divided into several installments, right? "

Wei Lan nodded. "That's right, it's generally divided into three installments. The three properties were mortgaged one after another, but the land mortgage and the property mortgage were done in two rounds. In fact, it should be paid in six installments."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said in a rich and overbearing manner, "After Song Zhilei signs the contract tomorrow, Juncheng Real Estate will be a 100% owned subsidiary of Wanying Real Estate. At that time, Wanying Real Estate will directly transfer three billion to your creditor bank and set up an escrow account. Let them slowly deduct it, and the rest will be directly deposited in their bank!"

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu's nouveau riche appearance and really wanted to laugh, but she was a bit worried and asked him, "Even if you take out three billion, it will have a huge impact on Wanying Real Estate and your own business, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It won't have an impact, but I have to leave some suspense as to how exactly I'll do it. It'll be meaningless to reveal it now, so don't keep asking me. You'll naturally know when the time comes."

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu had a card up his sleeve. Although she was very curious, she didn't ask anymore and lightly nodded.

…

At that moment, a specially modified seven-seater Primer MPV appeared behind Li Mu's G55, quietly following behind Li Mu's car. The car's glass was very dark, so it was almost impossible to see what was inside. Other than the driver, there was a young man sitting in the front passenger seat, and three men of different ages were sitting in the back seat. The older one looked like he was almost 40 years old.

The guy who was almost 40 years old was called Yu Hu, and he was one of the famous private detectives in Yanjing. He was similar to Xu Jianjun, the private detective that Hui Ka Ming introduced to Li Mu, and they were both part of the high-end group. However, both of them had different high-end customer groups. The private detective industry was usually paid by the regular customers, so he and Xu Jianjun couldn't be considered as a direct competitor. Their relationship was still passable. Otherwise, when Xu Jianjun knew that Yu Hu was investigating Li Mu's files, he would not have only reminded Li Mu but not told him the specific information.

Yu Hu was in a good mood at the moment. After he received Li Mu's message, the first thought that came to his mind was to inform Zhao Xianliang as soon as possible. It was not to make money, but to provide his old customer with a message that he might pay attention to for free, so that his old customer would know that he had been serving him. This was an important core point in the CRM (Customer Relationship Management) service system that he had established.

Hard work paid off. After the regular customer, Zhao Xianliang, received the message, he immediately gave him a new job: investigate the details of Li Mu and Wei Lan's relationship, and collect as many pictures and videos as possible.

Zhao Xianliang's words meant money to Yu Hu, so he quickly sent out a few people to Makino Technology, Taobao, and Wan Ying to find relevant clues. As expected, they found Li Mu's car in the parking lot of Wan Ying's office building, so Yu Hu rushed over with his men. Coincidentally, not long after they arrived, Li Mu drove out and drove Wei Lan home, so he led his men to follow them and take pictures.

When Yu Hu instructed his men to use the telephoto camera and video camera to take pictures of Li Mu's car through the dark-colored film, in a Benz S-Class sedan not far away, the man driving said to the person sitting in the passenger seat, "Captain, there's something wrong with the Prima in front."

The middle-aged man sitting in the passenger seat nodded and said expressionlessly, "Don't rush, follow him. There are many cars and people on the road. Wait until we reach Ziyun Villa before we make our move."

The middle-aged man who spoke was Li Mu's bodyguard, Wang Yuanlang.