Chapter 341

For the next few days, Li Mu, who had finally calmed down, did not bother himself with the matters of Muye Technology anymore. All he did was ask Lin Qingya to hurry up and recruit people for Tempest Entertainment and start on the Chinese translation and dubbing of "Miracle MU". At the same time, he also set up a server to prepare for the beta test and launch after the Lunar New Year. As for himself, he did not bother himself with these matters himself. Instead, he focused all his energy on working with Ning Hao and the other members of the production team to finish filming "Oldboys".

On the day they finished filming, Li Mu and Su Yingxue invited all the members of the production team to a five-star hotel in Yanjing. At the same time, he also prepared 100,000 yuan in cash and wrapped it into two thousand yuan red packets. He was going to give one to everyone present.

All the behind-the-scenes members were there, and all the more important leads were also there, including the four people from "Simple Plan," Chen Kun, and Du Wei. Even Tang Wei, who had only come to play with the production team for a few days, was there.

The production team already knew Su Yingxue and knew that she was Li Mu's girlfriend. Moreover, Su Yingxue had been to the set a few times with Li Mu, so she was more familiar with everyone. Everyone happily clinked glasses to celebrate the completion of filming. Li Mu toasted everyone and thanked them for their hard work during the filming period. Then, he waved his hand and asked Ning Hao to carry a black suitcase over.

Ning Hao had now become Li Mu's little brother. He was usually mischievous, and when he deliberately nodded and bowed to Li Mu, he was even more of a little brother than a little brother. When the black suitcase was handed to Li Mu, Li Mu opened it in front of everyone and said, "I can't just say thank you. I have to take action. It's all thanks to everyone that we can finish filming before the Lunar New Year. Since it's almost the Lunar New Year, I don't have much to say. I'll give everyone a red packet for the Lunar New Year in advance!"

Everyone was pleasantly surprised by Li Mu's words. During the whole filming period, Li Mu treated everyone extremely well. First of all, his salary was generally higher than that of other crew members. Although it was not much higher, it was really satisfying. Second, Li Mu had never treated the crew members badly when it came to food and accommodation. Li Mu had always treated them well. Most importantly, during the filming process, Li Mu got along well with everyone. He didn't put on airs or throw a tantrum just because he was the Party A and the director. Everyone got along very well.

Now, Li Mu invited everyone to celebrate the completion of filming in such a high-end restaurant and gave them red packets. Naturally, everyone was pleasantly surprised.

Ning Hao held an open suitcase. Li Mu went from table to table and gave out red packets to everyone. As he gave out the red packets, he said, "We treat everyone equally in this New Year's red packet. Everyone gets 2,000 yuan, so you don't have to guess which one is more and which one is less. It's all the same."

As soon as he said 2,000 yuan, everyone admired the generosity of this young boss and director. 2,000 yuan was almost two months' salary for ordinary people in Yan Jing. But for Li Mu, it was a red packet that he gave out casually. He was really generous.

Li Mu walked all the way to Tang Wei and handed him the red packet with a smile. He said, "Tang Wei, this is your red packet."

Tang Wei looked at Li Mu in surprise and said with a red face, "Director Li, I … I didn't contribute much to this movie. When I went to Haizhou with my classmates, you paid for my food, accommodation, and travel expenses. Today, I'm just here to freeload. How can I take your red packet …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't forget that you are now a signed actor of Makino Image. You are one of us. Of course, you should take the red packet."

Tang Wei scratched her head shyly and said, "I'm just a student majoring in directing. You insisted on signing me. In fact, I was too embarrassed to sign with Makino Image. I was afraid that I would be a burden to the company …"

Li Mu pointed to Ning Hao and said, "Look, Director Ning is now a signed director of Makino Image. I'm going to find some money this year and let Director Ning direct a movie himself. At that time, the leading actress will definitely be you."

Tang Wei's eyes widened in surprise. She said excitedly but unconfidently, "Really?

But I'm afraid I can't do it … "

Li Mu gave her the red packet with a smile and said, "Believe me, you can do it."

At this time, many people at the table were also eager to have a try. They couldn't help but say, "Director Li, if the company starts a new movie after the New Year, let us work with the company and Director Ning again!"

The reason why Li Mu spent so much effort and 100,000 yuan was to let these people have a sense of belonging to Makino Image. He wanted them to feel that the best job was to work with Makino Image. In the future, when Makino Image started a new movie, they could come without hesitation.

Therefore, Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't worry, as long as we start a new movie, we will definitely contact you."

Then, Li Mu sent the red packet to Chen Kun. Chen Kun was the most famous actor in the whole crew. However, compared to Zhang Kexuan, who was sitting next to him, he felt a little inferior. Zhang Kexuan didn't have much experience in the acting circle, but he was far more popular and well-known in the music circle than Chen Kun. However, what Li Mu didn't expect was that the two of them were originally acting together in this movie. One was the leading actor, while the other was the villain. However, in private, their relationship progressed so fast that they even called each other brother.

Of course, Li Mu was happy to see this. Although Chen Kun wasn't famous yet, he would definitely be in the future. Moreover, he had good friends like Zhao Wei and Zhou Xun. In the future, famous actors in the film and television circle would be able to find him.

Li Mu handed the red packet to Chen Kun and said with a smile, "Shuai Kun, you've also contributed a lot to our movie. Thank you for being willing to join our micro movie."

Shuai Kun was the nickname given to Chen Kun by the production crew. It was the wretched-looking Ning Hao who was the first to call him Shuai Kun. Later on, because Chen Kun got along well with everyone else, everyone followed suit. Chen Kun did not reject it, and even secretly felt a little smug.

At this moment, Chen Kun stood up and said with a smile, "Director Li, I'm also especially grateful that you're willing to give me this opportunity. I've gained a lot from joining your crew."

Li Mu nodded. He knew that Chen Kun was just being polite. Chen Kun himself might not have high hopes for this micro movie. In fact, other than himself, no one else had high hopes for "Oldboys". However, it didn't matter. The publicity for "Oldboys" had already begun. Zhang Kexuan and the rest had used their family background, background, and fame to secure more than ten provincial TV stations to broadcast the movie. On the internet, Li Mu had been promoting this micro movie on Yiting and Tieba. When this micro movie was fully released on TV stations and online, it would definitely be a hit. At that time, Chen Kun might even burn incense and be thankful that he didn't miss out on this movie.

As for whether Chen Kun could continue working with Makino Image in the future, Li Mu didn't think too much about it. He was signed to a management company and had a manager to handle the business matters for him. For a newcomer like him, he didn't have much ability or space to make his own decisions.

After that, Li Mu came to the young lady, Du Wei. Li Mu had now become Du Wei's biggest idol. Her two singles, "In a Rush Years" and "In My Voice", had already been recorded. These two songs made her so happy that she couldn't sleep at night. There were countless times when she thought that she was dreaming. Otherwise, how could she have had the opportunity to receive these two great songs? Therefore, she felt that her greatest fortune was to have met Li Mu.

Li Mu gave her the red packet and said with a smile, "Xiaowei, after the new year, you might be famous all over the country. If you're still interested in filming movies, you must look for me!"

Du Wei was flattered and stood up. She said seriously, "Brother Li Mu, don't worry. If I film in the future, I will only film your movies!"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Let's talk about this in private later."

After giving out the red packets, Li Mu deliberately bypassed the four people who had a simple plan. He just said to them, "You're the boss. Don't take this money. Just treat it as saving the company's expenses."

The four of them knew Li Mu's intention. They laughed and tacitly agreed with Li Mu's words.

In the end, after everyone else had given out the red packets, Li Mu personally handed the red packet to Ning Hao. Then he said to Ning Hao in a low voice, "Hao 'zi, you will be a contracted director of our Makino Image in the future. When the film is finished, you can take a month off and go back to think about the script. As long as the script is reliable, I will definitely keep my promise and invest in a movie for you."

The reason why Li Mu told everyone that he needed investment for his new film, but he directly told Ning Hao in private was that he didn't want to expose his net worth. Now everyone thought that this movie was a simple plan, even Su Yingxue thought so. However, in order to make Ning Hao follow him wholeheartedly, Li Mu had revealed his situation to him. Ning Hao also knew that Li Mu was already a big boss with a net worth of more than 100 million at such a young age. It was rare for him to appreciate himself and be willing to sign him. Not only did he give him a basic salary, but he also promised to invest in his film. Therefore, he signed the contract almost without hesitation.

For a newcomer like Ning Hao, it was too difficult for him to direct a movie by himself. He was talented, but he didn't have enough connections. A movie needed at least a million yuan of investment. No one would be willing to give so much money to a fledgling. Therefore, if he followed the original trajectory of his life, he wouldn't be recognized for the next few years. It wasn't until 2006, when Andy Lau's Asian New Star Program gave him a three million yuan investment to shoot Crazy Stone. He did seize this rare opportunity, and Crazy Stone became an instant hit.

However, there were still at least three or four years before Crazy Stone started shooting. If Li Mu didn't interfere with his life trajectory, he would continue to waste the next three or four years.

Therefore, for Ning Hao, Li Mu's support for him moved him very much, and he was determined to work for him.