Chapter 1398

From Li Mu's point of view, even the Internet Water Army in his previous life was not as powerful as Zhao Kang's Water Army.

Zhao Kang's team was like a regular army that had never been seen before in the field of Internet Water Army. Unlike other Water Armies that fought small skirmishes and guerrilla warfare, Zhao Kang's Water Army had been systematically trained and supported by a large amount of funds. It had become an army that specialized in dealing with large-scale group battles. The combat power of such an army was so strong that it would be invincible even in Zhao Kang's previous life. Therefore, using such a Water Army in the field of Internet Water Army was equivalent to using a nuclear bomb.

More than one person had died under the nuclear attack of the Water Army. From the earliest West Ridge Coal Mine manager, Guo Lin, to the entire creative team of "The Last Samurai," as well as the super capital behind them, every time Li Mu used the Water Army on a large scale, it would bring a devastating blow to the target.

Fortunately, Li Mu still had some conscience this time. He was not ready to destroy Harvey. Otherwise, if he could get some dirt on Harvey and hand it over to the Water Army, he would be hated by everyone in North America. A Hollywood mogul was as fragile as a human in front of a singer's civilization in front of a global mogul.

While Zhao Kang's Water Army was rushing to prepare the script and plan to use Harvey to push "Zombie-master", it was already six o 'clock in the morning in Beijing. It was six o' clock in the afternoon in Washington, DC. The ticketing system for North America's Film Muzhuang had opened the next day's tickets. Those who did not manage to buy tickets for that day were waiting for tomorrow's tickets. Therefore, as soon as the window opened, a large number of users flooded into the ticketing system. What followed was a snowstorm of orders …

At 7: 15 in the morning, Hua Xia time, Eastern Spatiotemporal was broadcasted.

The show used the first half of the program to quickly summarize the recent domestic and international news, and then used the entire second half of the program to report on the unprecedented feat of Zombie-Master's first-day box office earnings of 18.5 million US dollars. They praised the film's success in North America and made it very clear that this would be the pinnacle of Chinese films and Hua Xia's entertainment and culture industry's overseas export.

Just as the news about the movie came to an end, at 7: 55 PM, the host of Oriental Spacetime suddenly couldn't hold back his excitement and said, "Dear viewers, we've just received the latest news. Two hours ago, the tickets for the second day of Mr. Zombie officially went on sale in North America. As of now, the box office for the second day has already exceeded twenty million US dollars!

This 1985 Hong Kong movie earned 18.5 million US dollars on the first day and 20 million US dollars on the second day. This is a Chinese movie miracle! "

Hua Xia's audience in front of the TV was stunned. It had only been released for two days, and the box office was almost 40 million US dollars?

That's crazy, isn't it?!

The host was obviously a little too excited. After hearing the reminder from the earpiece, he blurted out in excitement, "I'm sorry, dear viewers, but our director just reminded me that strictly speaking, the box office for Mr. Zombie in North America on the second day was not only 20 million US dollars, but two hours after the box office went on sale, the pre-sales had already exceeded 20 million US dollars. However, the North American cinemas had given Mr. Zombie a staggering 33 million US dollars on the second day, which means that we're very likely to witness an even greater miracle in the next twenty hours. Perhaps the box office for Mr. Zombie in North America on the second day will exceed 30 million US dollars!"

"Oh my God!"

Countless viewers in front of the TV let out such an exclamation at the same time.

According to the current exchange rate, 30 million US dollars was almost 250 million RMB!

What kind of business tycoon is Li Mu, who was able to sell Mr. Zombie to a box office of 250 million RMB in one day?

Even the teacher who came up with the question couldn't believe his answer. It was filled with unimaginable gameplay.

At that moment, many tycoons in Hong Kong's film industry were so jealous that their eyes were about to bleed!

Hong Kong's film industry had been hoping to enter Hollywood since the 1980s, but only a few Kung Fu actors had managed to make it in. The Hero and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon were both mixed-race films based on Hollywood's curiosity about Hua Xia's Kung Fu and Wuxia. People thought that Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon would be the peak of Hua Xia's overseas influence, but Li Mu had left Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon far behind.

Moreover, the Hong Kong film industry knew very well that Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon had earned 40 million US dollars in the first two days.

After two days of screening, the box office had already reached forty million US dollars. If they kept this momentum up, it wouldn't be difficult for Mr. Zombie to break two hundred million US dollars in the United States.

This made the entire Hong Kong film industry think about one question: Was Li Mu too awesome, or were they too weak?

…

While the Hong Kong film industry was deep in thought, "Mr. Zombie", also known as "Zombie-Master", had already reached twenty-three million RMB in advance ticket sales the next day. It was still ten million RMB away from the thirty-three million RMB total, and there were still twenty-seven hours left to catch up to the remaining ten million RMB.

At nine o 'clock in the evening in Washington, Harvey Weinstein received the latest advance ticket sales figures for Zombie-Master. He was so shocked that he didn't even have the mood to enjoy his nightlife anymore. While he was amazed, he felt a great sense of crisis.

Li Mu had just put half of his foot into the door of Hollywood, but he was already able to cause such a huge earthquake in Hollywood. This damn Shadow Leopard Ticketing System was like a sharp knife inserted into the heart of Hollywood's profit chain. Even a Hollywood mogul like him had to put in some effort to deal with the cinema chain, but now, it was completely under Li Mu's control.

The cinema chain had tasted the benefits of the Shadow Leopard Ticketing System. They knew that by introducing this system, they could make more money by relying on Li Mu's traffic. Therefore, they put down their arrogant attitude and cooperated with Li Mu respectfully. If this situation continued to develop, it would definitely cause a complete imbalance in the entire Hollywood industry. A considerable part of Hollywood's income depended on the box office generated by the North American cinema chain, and it wouldn't be long before the North American cinema chain became a dog wagging its tail in front of Li Mu. When that happened, other Hollywood film companies and distributors would suffer a huge blow.

Harvey Weinstein made a decision almost instantly: The Shadow Leopard Ticketing System must die!

Hollywood must not allow such an awesome thing to exist!

Otherwise, his position and interests in Hollywood would be in jeopardy!

However, Harvey Weinstein couldn't find a way to destroy the Shadow Leopard Ticketing System in such a short time. Moreover, he also knew that there was a huge gap between him and Li Mu. If he rashly attacked Li Mu, it was very likely that he would be killed by Li Mu. Therefore, he had to think about this matter in the long run.

Just as Harvey Weinstein was racking his brains to think about the specific operation plan, a friend of his suddenly called. The first thing he said was in an incredulous tone, "Harvey, you're such a smart person. How could you miss such a godly film like 'Zombie-Master'?!

You gave up on 'Zombie-Master'. A conservative estimate is that you've lost at least thirty to forty million dollars! "

“F*ck！”

Harvey Weinstein said with a wretched expression, "I didn't want to miss this movie, but the problem is that I didn't have a chance to take it over!"

"What?!"

The other person asked in surprise, "Didn't Li Mu specifically look for you for the release of 'Zombie-Master' in North America?

I heard that he wanted you to distribute the movie in North America from the beginning, but you looked down on the movie's prospects and concluded that it wouldn't make money, so you got rid of Li Mu. "

"WTF!" Harvey Weinstein blurted out, "Where did you hear this sh * t?

Li Mu specifically looked for me for 'Zombie-Master'?

What kind of f * cking joke is this?!

I wanted to get the distribution rights of this movie, so I specifically contacted Makino Image, but the news was like a stone sinking into the sea. Makino Image didn't respond to me at all. I originally wanted to find time to go to Hua Xia and have a good talk with the people from Makino Image. I didn't expect that old dog Lucas with gonorrhea to go to Hua Xia quietly and successfully get the North American distribution rights of 'Zombie-Master'!

I was so anxious about this for a few days. I even looked for Lucas to discuss cooperation, but he didn't buy it at all. He didn't even want to see me! "

"Really?" the other person blurted out.

"Of course it's true!"

Harvey Weinstein said angrily, "Because of this, I've been thinking about how to make that old dog Lucas pay the price. He wants to use this movie to step on my head, so I'll definitely make him pay!"

"That's strange!"

The other person smacked his lips and said, "Now there's a rumor about you everywhere on the Internet."

"What rumor?"

"The one I just mentioned. Li Mu took the initiative to look for you for this movie and asked you to help with the North American distribution, but you rejected him because the movie was rubbish. You even said that the movie was a pile of decades-old dog sh * t and that the North American audience wouldn't pay for such sh * t!"

“Shit！”

Harvey Weinstein suddenly exploded. He roared angrily, "James, is there something wrong with your brain?

Based on your understanding of me, if Li Mu really gave me a chance to meet him face to face, do you think I would say that to Li Mu?!

That's f * cking Li Mu!

If he asked me to lick the soles of his shoes to be friends with him, I would lick it without hesitation, and I would kneel down and lick it!

How could I ignore him and even mock him?

I want to call him daddy in front of him, if he thinks highly of me and is willing to cooperate with me! "

The other person was silent for a moment, then said, "That's really strange!

Based on my understanding of you, it's impossible for you to do such a brainless thing, but the Internet is currently discussing this matter everywhere. There's no doubt that most American netizens think it's true. Now they're all mocking you on the Internet, saying that you're an egomaniac who has eyes but can't see. Some people even say that the American audience will unite and slap your face with a high box office. The most widely spread sentence is: Today you ignore me, but tomorrow I'll make you unworthy … "