Chapter 991

Before leaving for the United States, Lin Ching-ah used the fastest speed to confirm the charter flight process with Air China.

As soon as Air China heard that Makino Technology, a domestic star company, wanted to charter a plane to send employees to the United States to expand the overseas market, the company's senior management immediately attached great importance to it. They fully cooperated with Makino Technology and organized the charter work.

The model, route, and date of Makino Technology's charter flight to the United States were quickly determined. Air China specially temporarily transferred a Boeing 747 from the recent cross-ocean routes as the service plane for Makino Technology's charter flight. The flight was tentatively scheduled to take off from Yanjing Airport at 11: 30 am on October 18th. The plane would fly directly from Yanjing to San Francisco. The whole journey would take 12 hours, and the time of arrival in San Francisco would be 8: 30 am local time.

Since the Capital Airport was the base airport of Air China, no airline could compare with Air China in terms of resources. Air China specially allocated the largest hangar and the parking apron in front of the door for a farewell ceremony for Makino Technology on the morning of the 18th.

The news that Makino Technology was going to charter a plane to send nearly 100 employees to the United States to carry out overseas work quickly spread throughout the Internet industry in Hua Xia.

For a time, the entire domestic Internet industry was excited.

Chartering a plane to send nearly 100 employees to the United States to carry out overseas work was an unattainable dream for all Internet companies except for Makino Technology.

This time, the Internet industry in Hua Xia was surprisingly united. Perhaps everyone had long realized that Makino Technology had left them far behind, so almost no industry insiders were jealous of Makino Technology's overseas expedition this time. On the contrary, everyone hoped that Makino Technology could represent Hua Xia Internet companies in the overseas market and fight a beautiful battle in the United States.

The Internet market in Hua Xia, as a market that highly imitated the Internet in the United States and was highly penetrated by American capital, this move by Makino Technology was a feat for the entire Internet industry in China. It was quite like a "serf who turned over and sang."

However, in the entire industry, there was one person who was quite unhappy with this move by Makino Technology. This person was Boss Ma in Hangzhou.

Boss Ma had been tormented by Li Mu for quite a long time, and in the last few days, he had not been able to escape from the nightmare Li Mu created.

Since Taobao added watermarks to all the product details pages, Le Tao's work efficiency suddenly fell into a quagmire.

In the end, Le Tao was forced to change its routine. It gave up on directly grabbing Taobao's page, and it also gave up on manually blocking Taobao's watermarks. Instead, it persuaded the sellers to organize the corresponding materials and let Le Tao's employees upload them. However, this way, Taobao's sellers would have to spend a lot more money to open a shop in Le Tao. Therefore, Taobao's sellers' enthusiasm was greatly affected.

When Le Tao tried its best to persuade more Taobao sellers to cooperate, the industry suddenly heard the news that Makino Technology was going to charter a plane to send its employees to the United States, which made Boss Ma feel particularly agitated.

While he was exhausted by the comprehensive suppression of Taobao, Li Mu's other business had already begun to expand into the overseas market. This was almost a historical step that Li Mu had taken for the entire Internet in Hua Xia. Needless to say, Li Mu's comprehensive strength had far surpassed him and all other Internet people in Hua Xia. With such a big gap between him and his old enemy, Li Mu, Boss Ma's mood was naturally not good.

After the National Day holiday, Le Tao had successfully persuaded less than 500 sellers from Taobao. Among them, due to the lack of manpower, Le Tao had only completed the work for 60% of the stores on Le Tao. Although Le Tao had begun to divert traffic from the outside, the effect was not great.

It was difficult to convert the traffic bought by placing advertisements on his website. Even if the users were converted, they were only visiting users. There was a higher registration threshold waiting for him. In addition, Le Tao's influence was minimal, so there were very few users who could really settle down.

Recently, Boss Ma was particularly worried about this matter. He was not Li Mu. Li Mu had YY, YYNET, YY123, and other traffic entrances as traffic support. These three traffic entrances occupied three of the top four Internet traffic entrances in Hua Xia, and the other one was Baidu.

Compared to Li Mu, Boss Ma did not have any traffic entrances. It was like a country that was extremely short of resources. All resources were imported. It was the same for Le Tao. It was all bought with money.

But the worst thing was that the conversion rate of the traffic bought with money was so low that it made people's hair stand on end. As a result, the cost of the promotion was so high that it made people feel hopeless.

Recently, Boss Ma had been worried about the source of traffic and the conversion of traffic. The only thing that made him feel relieved was that the sellers who were already on Le Tao had started to direct the buyers from Taobao to Le Tao to register and place their orders.

However, Cai Chongxin just happened to send Boss Ma a survey. Through his survey, the conversion rate of this method was not high.

Cai Chongxin's survey showed that because Le Tao gave extra subsidies to the sellers, the sellers who were already on Le Tao were still very enthusiastic. Basically, they communicated with every buyer on Taobao about registering and placing their orders at Le Tao. However, most of the buyers were not interested.

Boss Ma asked Cai Chongxin, "What's the main problem with the low conversion rate of Taobao buyers?"

Cai Chongxin said, "The problem is that Taobao sellers pay attention to our platform subsidies, but Taobao buyers don't buy it. They don't have enough motivation to make them pay to register as Le Tao users and bind to our payment channel."

Boss Ma frowned and said, "Let the sellers guide them!

Isn't the reason why we gave them extra subsidies so that they can guide Taobao users to our platform to place their orders? "

Cai Chongxin nodded and said, "That's true, but the sellers have no right to speak in front of the buyers. The buyers are also spending money to buy the goods. Under the situation where the price and goods are the same, it's natural for them to do things the simplest way. Therefore, when the sellers ask them to place their orders at Le Tao, most of them directly refuse."

Boss Ma asked, "Didn't those sellers promise to give a certain discount to cross-platform buyers?

We gave them five points of subsidy. Even if they gave two points to the buyers, it would still be enough to encourage the buyers to place their orders at Le Tao! "

Cai Chongxin said, "I asked our employees to register a buyer's account to do secret interviews with some of the sellers. Most of the sellers are stingy. Although they promised us a 5% subsidy, they didn't give any extra benefits to the users. They would only try their best to trick the buyers into placing their orders at Le Tao. There was also a small group of users who clearly expressed that they were willing to give certain discounts, but the discounts were too small to attract the users."

Then, Cai Chongxin added, "In most of the stores, the average price of a single item is less than 50 yuan, and the price of a customer is less than 70 yuan. For a 70 yuan order, our platform subsidy is only 3.5 yuan. Even if the sellers gave the buyers a discount of 2 yuan, it would still be very difficult to attract Taobao users to register a new account at Le Tao and bind to our payment channel to place their orders. This series of operations is a bit too expensive."

Boss Ma immediately said, "Don't we still have a discount on shipping?

If the seller uses our express delivery for an order, they can save a few yuan on shipping. In total, for a 70 yuan order, the seller would earn at least 7 yuan more than in Taobao, or even more. If we give half of it to the buyers, the buyers will be more motivated. "

"It's useless."

Cai Chongxin said, "We can see through this layer, but these small sellers can't. Most of them are greedy, and they want to earn all the money themselves. They want to earn the profit from selling the goods, the extra subsidies from the platform, and even the difference in shipping costs."

"Ignorant …" Boss Ma slammed the table angrily. "This can't go on. We have to think of a way to ensure that the buyers can get a bigger profit margin when they place their orders at Le Tao."

Cai Chongxin said, "We definitely can't force the sellers to give up their profits. If we do that, it will hurt the sellers' enthusiasm."

Boss Ma blurted out, "We won't touch the sellers' profits. We will directly give a platform discount to the new registered users."

Cai Chongxin asked, "What kind of discount will we give?"

Boss Ma thought about it and said, "Let's do it this way. From today onwards, every new registered user will get a five-yuan coupon and a one-kilogram free shipping coupon. Both coupons need to be at least 50 yuan before they can be used, and each order can only use one coupon."

Cai Chongxin calculated carefully and said, "Boss Ma, in this case, our cost will increase a lot!

Right now, after our three express delivery companies' grassroots were poached by Taobao Logistics, we are severely lacking people. Now, the cost of the entire logistics has increased. With one free shipping coupon, our cost will definitely be more than five yuan. "

Boss Ma immediately said without hesitation, "Don't worry about these useless details!

Right now, you are afraid of giving too many subsidies to the users and increasing the cost pressure, but have you ever thought that if there are no users, our cost pressure will be even greater! "

After saying this, Boss Ma's face became gloomy and he continued, "Makino Technology is sending its team to the US to expand its territory, and now we are still hesitating because of a little subsidy. If this continues, how can we compete with Taobao?

Right now, Taobao hasn't made any other moves against us, but do you know if Li Mu is planning something big?

If he has something up his sleeves, I'm afraid it will be even more difficult for us to stand firm! "

When he thought about Li Mu's current achievements and the predicament Li Mu created for him, Boss Ma lost his mind. His biggest opponent was getting further and further ahead of him, to the point that he subconsciously felt that he would never be able to catch up to him in this lifetime. This feeling was too painful for someone who was naturally competitive!

…