Chapter 827

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu felt relieved.

At this point, he firmly believed that he had completely reversed the fate of these two people.

No matter what others said about Mei Yanfang and Zhang Guorong, Li Mu always felt that some superstars could not exist after that era. These two should have died one after another next year. For Li Mu, it was undoubtedly two big losses for the entertainment industry.

Li Mu did not blindly worship stars, but he had to admit that in the era when Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were popular, every star had to work hard to become famous.

Needless to say, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang's voices were definitely capable singers. What was rare was that other than singing, they could also sink their hearts and study their acting skills when they were acting. They sang every song well, acted every role well, and treated every concert well. Celebrities like them were simply too rare and hard to come by in a few years.

What would the entertainment industry be like a few years later?

It would be the world of plastic surgery and little fresh meat. It would be the era of sharp chins, fake noses, and thinning needles!

Stars were everywhere. Those who had never learned to act could become A-list stars. Those who could not sing well could release albums through post-production. Actors were so lazy that they did not want to memorize the script. Therefore, a large number of movies and TV series used post-production. Every time Li Mu saw that the sound and pictures were not synchronized, he would miss the movie stars of the 80s and 90s.

Zhou Runfa, Zhou Xingchi, Liang Chaowei, Zhang Guorong, Wu Zhenyu, Huang Qiusheng … Which one of them was not a real actor?

When these actors were acting, not only would they memorize the script, but they would also study the plot settings, characters' personalities, lines, and dialogues in depth. All kinds of improvisation had left Chinese movies with classic scenes after classic scenes. Even the dubbing actors of that era were much better than those people a few years later or ten years later!

The entertainment industry was developing too fast and too exaggerated. Li Mu felt that if the entertainment industry wanted to keep the last foundation, it needed a role model, and it needed real capable people to be the model. It could not be those little fresh meat with facial paralysis, or actresses who had plastic surgery so much that even their mothers could not recognize them.

If Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang could survive, in Li Mu's opinion, they would definitely be the role model for the entertainment industry in the long run. He hoped that they would be able to improve the entertainment industry, where there were many little fresh meats and plastic surgeries.

As he walked back, the door to the private room suddenly opened, and Wei Lan walked out. Li Mu thought that she had come out for something, but he did not expect her to stand in front of him and block his way. She stared at him and asked in anticipation, "Li Zong, are you really the Mu who wrote the songs online?"

Now that things had come to this, Li Mu nodded frankly. "That's right, it's me."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu as if she was looking at a monster, then said with the look of a fangirl, "Do you know, I'm your fan!"

Li Mu couldn't help but tease, "What fan? We don't worship people in our company. Doing your job well will make me happy!"

Wei Lan was amused by Li Mu. She covered her mouth and said, "Shameless Li, you can't stop talking about work."

Li Mu's expression became serious. He pointed to the wall beside him and said, "The people inside have already accepted your high-end real estate project plan. How far you can go in the future will depend on your ability."

Wei Lan said, "This plan is yours. Back then, I only proposed to do high-end real estate development. I never thought about doing resource linkage, advertising, and turning Three Circle Bridge into Yanjing Manhattan. I just wanted to fight a beautiful battle, but you planned it into a battle. In the future, you can't just throw everything to me."

Li Mu asked her, "If I don't throw everything to you, who will I throw everything to?

Brother Liang and Old Chen can't handle such a big situation. Even if they can, they won't be able to sort it out. I don't have the time either. In the future, you'll have to take charge of this matter. "

As he said that, Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "Are you not confident or what?"

Wei Lan said, "It's not that I'm not confident, but I mainly need a little more support from you."

Li Mu nodded. "What kind of support do you need? Just tell me. I'll give it to you if I can."

Wei Lan smiled. "That's what I wanted to hear from you. Given that this project plan is so big, you have to be prepared to face harassment in the future. I can call you at any time to ask for advice or give you some guidance."

"No problem!"

…

After the biggest matter was discussed, the atmosphere in the bar became more and more relaxed. Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan, the three old gods of wine, began to gradually show their strength. Once the atmosphere reached a critical point, the speed at which the alcohol went down increased exponentially. Everyone was laughing and joking, and Li Mu had drunk seven or eight taels of white wine in a daze.

Ye Youdao was still holding a glass of wine. He said with a flushed face, "Li Zong, let me toast you on behalf of the children. What do you mean by being a little more artistic?

Oh right, I thank you for making their lives more meaningful! "

Li Mu raised his glass. "Boss Ye, Tianming and Kexuan are good friends with me. You don't need to be polite with me."

Ye Youdao said seriously, "That's a different matter. To be able to make such a big change in them, in my opinion, is no different from giving them a new life. It will affect them for the rest of their lives, so I must toast you with this glass of wine."

Li Mu could only say, "I toast you. All the words are in this glass of wine."

Ye Youdao nodded repeatedly and said in agreement, "That's right, it's all in the wine. Bottoms up!"

Li Mu raised his head and drank the wine. Ye Youdao filled his glass again and said, "Come, Li Zong, let's make it deeper!"

Li Mu couldn't refuse. Just as he was about to take the wine divider to pour the wine, Wei Lan deliberately pretended to pour the wine for him and took the wine divider first. While pouring wine into Li Mu's glass, she reminded him in a low voice, "Don't drink too much."

Li Mu nodded and looked at the glass that Wei Lan had poured. It was generally impossible to see the boundary between the transparent glass and the transparent white wine. But if he looked carefully, he could still see that there was a distance of half a centimeter between the surface of the glass and the mouth of the glass.

The capacity of this kind of glass was originally very small, and it was wide at the top and thin at the bottom. The wine was all in the upper half. Wei Lan had poured the wine, so the capacity of Li Mu's glass was at least reduced by half.

When he looked up at Wei Lan, he saw that Wei Lan was also giving him a look, which meant, "Anyway, it's one glass for each of us. Won't we drink less if we pour less?"

Li Mu's capacity for alcohol was average, but he was still good at it. Seeing this opportunity to refuse to drink, he was a little hesitant. Should he pretend to be stupid and drink half the glass, or should he refill the glass?

He struggled for three seconds.

Li Mu decided to pretend to be stupid.

Alcohol tolerance was important, but staying sober was also important. Alcohol could be drunk, but it had to be controlled within a safe amount.

In the second half, Li Mu relied on Wei Lan's ability to "sneak around" when pouring the wine, and survived until the end.

Even Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan, these three people with extraordinary capacity for alcohol, were a little drunk at noon. Li Mu was dizzy, but he was still very conscious. Seeing that everyone had eaten and drunk, he arranged for everyone to leave and rest.

After leaving the restaurant, the first thing to do was to arrange for the assistant to send the three guests back to their hotel rooms. Then, Chen Ze, Song Liang, and the others went home. They didn't need to stay at Wanying Real Estate anymore. Anyway, such a big project had already been discussed, so it wasn't a big deal to not go to work for an afternoon.

After Song Liang said goodbye, he was sent home by his assistant. He really needed a good rest, because tomorrow morning, he still had to take the three of them to those pieces of land for a field trip.

At this time, the slightly drunk Chen Ze said to Dufy, "Dufy, find me a designated driver."

Dufy said helplessly, "Where can I find a designated driver for you in the middle of the day?

Can I take a taxi back? "

Chen Ze shook his head, "I don't want to take a taxi. Why don't you take me back?"

Dufy said, "I still have things to do when I get back. There's a lot of design work to do …"

Chen Ze smacked his lips and asked her, "Going back and forth for more than an hour, how much of your work will be delayed?"

Dufy said, "That's still a delay!

It'll be easier to take a taxi back … "

Li Mu didn't have the energy to pay attention to the two of them bickering. He asked Wei Lan, "Where are you going in the afternoon?"

Wei Lan said, "I'm going back to the company. I didn't drink."

Li Mu nodded, "Then I'll go first. I won't go to the company in the afternoon."

Wei Lan nodded slightly and couldn't help but ask, "Li Zong, when can you show your skills?"

Li Mu asked her, "What do you mean?"

Wei Lan said with a smile, "Singing!

You are the Mu who has written so many good songs!

I have admired you for so long. It's okay for you to sing a song in front of your fans, right? "

Li Mu waved his hand, "Don't make fun of me. If you have time in the future, arrange a KTV. I'll show you what a microphone hog is."

After that, Li Mu saw Wang Yuanlang walking towards him, so he said to Wei Lan, "Let's talk about it later. I'll go first. Keep an eye on Dufy's design plan. If there's any problem that can't be solved, call me."

"Okay, call me if there's anything. I'm going back to the company."

Wei Lan was helpless. She tilted her head and tidied up her curly hair. She casually flicked her hair, flirtatious, and turned to leave.

Li Mu directly threw the car keys to Wang Yuanlang and said in a low voice, "You drive. Go back to where you came from this morning. I'll go to the back and take a nap."

Wang Yuanlang nodded and didn't say a word. He first unlocked the car and opened the back door for Li Mu to sit in. Then, he got into the driver's seat and drove to the neighborhood where Chen Wan lived.

In the car, although Li Mu was still in the same condition, his brain was getting heavier and heavier. The alcohol started to kick in and he began to feel waves of headache. The car drove to the basement of Chen Wan's house. Wang Yuanlang parked the car and said to Li Mu, who had his eyes closed in pain, "Li Zong, we've arrived. Do you need me to pay you up?"

Li Mu opened his eyes and looked around. He shook his head and said, "No need. I'll go up myself."

After that, he subconsciously felt around for his mask. Wang Yuanlang immediately took out a disposable medical mask from the glove box and handed it to Li Mu. Li Mu put on the mask, then got out of the car and went upstairs.

The doorbell rang. Chen Wan didn't expect it to be Li Mu. She looked through the peephole and saw Li Mu listlessly leaning against the door. She hurriedly opened the door. As soon as she opened the door, she smelled the strong smell of alcohol on Li Mu's body. She hurriedly helped him in and asked, "Why are you drinking so much in the middle of the day? Who did you drink with?"