Chapter 1692

While Schwarzenegger shared his inspirational story on the podium, Li Mu was studying how to maximize Schwarzenegger's usefulness.

He had a lot of things he wanted to pull Schwarzenegger together. He wanted to use his name and resources as the governor of California, which would be of great help to him.

However, he did not completely take advantage of Schwarzenegger. On the contrary, he also thought of a lot of ideas to help Schwarzenegger improve his political performance. In this way, he could support Schwarzenegger's support rate in California while seeking more benefits from Schwarzenegger.

After the inauguration ceremony, many media reporters flocked to Li Mu and asked him about Schwarzenegger's election as governor of California.

Li Mu smiled faintly in front of the cameras of many media outlets. "I am very happy to see that Arnold can be elected as governor of California. In my eyes, Arnold is not only a very talented actor, but also a very talented politician."

The reporter asked again, "What do you think of his ability to govern, especially his ability to govern the economy?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I fully believe in Arnold's talent in the economy. In fact, before he was sworn in, he had been constantly studying how to solve the increasingly serious economic problems in California. Out of trust in him, I will continue to increase investment in California and expand the existing business scale in the near future to strengthen the cooperation between Makino Technology and California. I also hope to use this cooperation to improve the daily exchanges between the people of the two countries."

At this time, the reporters did not know that Li Mu was ready to be a "human trafficker" on both sides of the world.

…

After the inauguration ceremony, Li Mu took his private plane to Hollywood to attend Schwarzenegger's private party.

Lin Ching-ah was also temporarily grabbed by Li Mu and sat with him in his Gulfstream G 550.

Because many Hollywood stars, like Li Mu, took a private plane to Sacramento and then took a private plane back to Hollywood, the Sacramento airport was particularly busy at night. There were all kinds of private planes queuing up to take off in the city.

In the process of queuing up to take off, Li Mu was not in a hurry. Instead, he discussed with Lin Ching-ah his promise to Schwarzenegger about enhancing the tourism exchanges between Hua Xia's first-tier cities and California.

Today's Hua Xia had not really entered the vision of the Western people. In other words, the Western people had not really begun to understand this ancient Eastern country. All their understanding of Hua Xia basically relied on domestic media reports. However, these media reports had many distortions of the facts, so the Westerners did not understand Hua Xia at all.

In the future, with the continuous development of Hua Xia's economy, more and more Westerners walked into Hua Xia and traveled to Hua Xia. They felt the prosperity of Hua Xia's first-tier cities, traveled to the great rivers and mountains of Hua Xia, and took the high-speed railway of Hua Xia. At that time, they began to bring the true side of Hua Xia back to the Western countries, so that more and more Westerners knew what the real Hua Xia was like.

Now, Li Mu wanted to promote cross-tourism between the people of first-tier cities in China and the people of California through his cooperation with Schwarzenegger as soon as possible, so that the people of first-tier cities in China could come out and let the people of California know what the real Hua Xia was like.

Now, Li Mu wanted to promote cross-tourism between the people of first-tier cities in China and the people of California through his cooperation with Schwarzenegger as soon as possible, so that the people of first-tier cities in China could come out and let the people of California enter.

Lin Ching-ah was also very supportive of Li Mu's idea. She thought that this idea could increase the communication between the two sides from the deepest level, and enhance the reputation of first-tier cities in Hua Xia in the Western world.

Therefore, she said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, if you want to do this business, I suggest that you let the Taobao team do it."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and asked, "Tell me your opinion."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Although our entry point is to do air routes and hotels between first-tier cities in Hua Xia and the big cities in California, air routes and hotels are part of the e-commerce industry. I see that Ctrip has been developing quite well over the past two years, and the capital is increasingly recognizing its model. Since that's the case, why don't we add air ticket and hotel booking services on Taobao's website? We can sell air tickets and hotels in the early stages, and in the mid-stages, we can integrate many tourism resources and directly create tourism products. In the later stages, this will become a large segment of the travel market."

Li Mu looked at Lin Ching-ah in surprise. He did not expect Lin Ching-ah to have broadened her horizons so much after staying in Silicon Valley for a period of time.

Wasn't the model that she was talking about Ngari's flying pig from the future?

It was just that the flying pig was a little late, and the situation was a little awkward.

The layout of the e-commerce industry was to integrate first and then separate. In the beginning, everyone did a very comprehensive business. For example, Taobao was almost all-inclusive. However, later on, it had to be separated into different products according to the various segments of the business.

For example, separating brand stores from Taobao to create Tmall, separating air tickets from Taobao to create Flying Pig, separating second-hand transactions from Taobao to create Salted Fish …

Taobao's website was still in the "first integration" stage, and it had to integrate all kinds of fields first.

Air tickets and hotels were a very large segment of the market in the future, and now was the best time for Taobao to cut into it.

After that, Li Mu said in agreement, "What you said makes a lot of sense. This business should indeed be integrated into Taobao's website and slowly developed. We should start from the domestic and California businesses to cultivate users, and then gradually expand. The final goal is to be able to replace a vertical platform like Ctrip and become the number one in this field."

Lin Ching-ah hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, should we get Taobao's side to send a marketing team over to consolidate the hotel resources in California and cut out a part of it?"

Li Mu said, "Instead of doing that, why don't I work together with Schwarzenegger to set up a Sino-American entrepreneur salon? We'll first gather the companies in the civil aviation, hotel, and tourism industries to have a chat, and we'll act as the middleman. Even if there's no demand, I'll spend money to create demand, and we'll have to establish the cooperation between the two sides first."

Lin Ching-ah asked him, "You mean to buy resources from both sides?"

Li Mu nodded. "Buy. Since we want to facilitate cooperation, we have to show our sincerity. Actually, a lot of cooperation is stuck at the step of sincerity. We want to help them sell air tickets and hotels, and we can't just rely on getting something for nothing. Besides, we don't lack this bit of money, so we might as well guarantee the bottom line for the airline companies and hotels. We'll directly buy a portion of their resources, and then resell them to our target users."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "Then when are you planning to hold this entrepreneur salon?

Where will it be held? "

Li Mu said, "The sooner the better, and it has to be held in Hua Xia."

As he said that, Li Mu said, "I'll have a chat with Schwarzenegger tonight. I'll get him to meet with the airlines, hotel groups, and tourism companies in California these few days and ask them if they are interested in cooperating with me. If they are interested, they can directly form a group and come to Beijing. I'll set up a summit forum for them at the foot of the Great Wall of China, and they can also see the great rivers and mountains of Hua Xia."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Then you should have bought a big plane back then. That way, you can directly pull these American entrepreneurs over."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If this matter is reliable, it won't be a big problem for us to buy an airline company in the future."

Lin Ching-ah was surprised and said, "Do we need to invest so much, Li Zong?

The cost of an airline company is very high. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Not only can the airline company do it ourselves, but the hotel and tourism services can also be done by ourselves.

Think about it, if we can open up the tourism exchanges between Yanjing, Shanghai, Yangcheng, and Shenzhen, these four first-tier cities with San Francisco and Los Angeles, then using the same method, I can soon open up the tourism exchanges between these four cities and the United Kingdom. "

Lin Ching-ah nodded. Li Mu had a very close relationship with the Windsor family. With this relationship as a foundation, this small matter could be easily achieved.

Li Mu continued, "Then I can use the influence of the United Kingdom in Europe to open up France, Germany, and even all the Schengen countries. We can use our publicity methods, our customized routes, and our price advantage to attract people from these places to the first-tier cities of Hua Xia. At that time, they will take our airline's flights, stay in the hotels under our hotel groups, and enjoy the tourism services provided by our tourism companies. This will create a lot of profit for us."

Lin Ching-ah said, "If we want to acquire airlines, hotel groups, and tourism companies in this sector, the demand for funds is still very large. Can Taobao support such a large business expenditure?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "As I said just now, I want to open the 2C entrance in Taobao so that users can buy these services from Taobao. But these support services, from the capital level, I am going to operate under the name of Makino Technology, because Makino Technology will start to go public in the first half of next year. Once it goes public, the funding problem will be easily solved. And for a company that is constantly improving, any normal acquisition is almost cost-effective, because the market will give this company enough confidence."

"For example, the market believes in the ability and potential of Makino Technology. When we have a market value of 200 billion and spend 10 billion US dollars to acquire a company, then under normal circumstances, the market will adjust our valuation. It is possible that after the acquisition, our market value can rise all the way to 220 billion US dollars."

"In this way, it is equivalent to Makino Technology investing in airlines, hotel groups, and tourism companies. Then, these business resources will be exclusively exported to Taobao, and Taobao will be fully responsible for the sales."

In terms of the current valuation of Taobao, it was much worse than Makino Technology. The main reason was that Taobao's business was still in the Hua Xia market, and it had not really made its mark in the world. In addition, the e-commerce industry was still in its infancy. If Taobao was given a few more years, it would have the opportunity to keep pace with Makino Technology.