Chapter 1667

Roland Mass originally thought that he was the chairman of the board of directors of a Fortune 500 company. Personally coming to Hua Xia to apologize to Li Mu was already giving Li Mu a lot of face. Li Mu should stop and give him enough respect.

But he didn't expect that this young entrepreneur of Hua Xia was still not satisfied. Even when he was already in the lobby of his company, Li Mu still refused to meet him and even asked him to hold a press conference in Yanjing.

Coming to Hua Xia to apologize was already the limit of what Roland Mass could do.

His trip to Hua Xia was highly confidential. Not only did he not leak the news to any media, but even the real senior executives of his company knew about it. The reason why he did such a strict secrecy was that he wanted to resolve this conflict in a low-key manner and preserve his face to the greatest extent.

On this point, the board members who didn't get along with Roland Mass had also reached a consensus with him. They were very willing to humiliate Roland Mass in private and even kick him out of the position of chairman of the board of directors. But no one wanted Roland Mass to be humiliated outside.

That was because if Roland Mas were to lose face outside, he would be representing the entire Mars Corporation.

Now, Roland Mass, who had come all the way to Hua Xia, was actually dismissed by an ordinary receptionist of Makino Technology with a few words. He was furious.

He said to the receptionist with an extremely ugly expression, "Please tell your Li Zong now that if he doesn't want to see me, then I'll turn around and go back to the United States. My plane is waiting at Yanjing Airport!"

The receptionist had to contact Li Ziwei again through the internal phone. After hearing Roland Mass's "harsh words", Li Ziwei hurriedly conveyed it to Li Mu. Li Mu faintly smiled and said, "Tell Roland Mass that I wish him a safe journey."

Li Ziwei couldn't help laughing and said, "Li Zong, are you really going to treat him like this?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Does he think that this matter is over just because he snuck over and apologized to me?

I still have a lot of traps for him. "

In his previous life, if the internet continued to develop, many gray industries would emerge. One of them was online fraud.

The difference between online scams and phone scams was that online scams often used the feelings of the opposite sex as an entry point. Moreover, the script they used was also different from phone scams. Phone scams were often based on the script of a movie, and the battle would be solved in one go. Online scams were more like a TV series.

Li Mu once knew a guy who was not very smart. One day, he found out that a beautiful woman had added him on WeChat, and then accepted her friend request. She immediately came up to him and asked about his well-being, and even took the initiative to tell him about her sad past. After a day or two, the two of them were already chatting passionately in the unfamiliar online world. She even often sent him beautiful selfies of her life, which made his heart itch unbearably.

After they became familiar with each other, the other party began to tentatively dig the first trap. Usually, she would find an excuse that she suddenly encountered something, suddenly did not have change, suddenly could not use online banking or Alipay, and then ask him to transfer one or two hundred yuan to her for emergency purposes.

One or two hundred yuan was nothing to him. In addition, they got along well with each other, and he also coveted the beauty a little. He didn't want the beauty to think that he was stingy, so he happily gave it to her.

After he gave the money, the other party returned it to him a few hours later, and even thanked him endlessly. Then, the relationship between the two improved further. The other party felt that he was kind-hearted and trustworthy, and the two of them began to enter a hot honeymoon period.

After entering the honeymoon period, the two of them officially started an online relationship. Every day, the husband and wife would be lovey-dovey. However, the other party suddenly got into a lot of trouble. Then, she borrowed money again and again, and the man fell into one gentle trap after another. When he finally came to his senses, he had already spent more than a hundred thousand yuan on this woman he had never met.

However, this was not the most ruthless thing. The most ruthless thing was that when the friend reported the case, he found out that the other party had already cheated countless people in the country. The most he cheated was nearly a million yuan.

What Li Mu wanted to play with Roland Mass now was this kind of drama series.

For Roland Mass, if he could really turn around and leave, then Li Mu would have to look at him in a different light. However, Li Mu understood that since Roland Mass came to Hua Xia and took the first step, he would not really give up.

In the history of Mars' growth for so many years, it had never encountered a strong opponent like Makino Technology. Now, Makino Technology only manipulated public opinion on the Internet, and it had already brought so much trouble to Mars. Mars must shake hands with him at all costs. Otherwise, if this continued, Makino Technology would be unharmed, but Mars would have a wound that could not be healed, constantly bleeding.

This wound might not be fatal to the huge Mars, but it would make him very uncomfortable. If Roland Mass could not heal this wound when he came to Hua Xia, then his future days at Mars would not be easy.

Roland Mass had always felt that Li Mu was a young man who loved to save face and held a grudge. Mars had touched his porcelain, so he was naturally unhappy. Relying on the resources in his hands, he deliberately wanted to mess with Mars to save face. Since he was already here, he had to give himself a way out, so that everyone could be happy.

Because of this, Roland Mass thought that if he threatened Li Mu with going back to China, Li Mu would probably compromise. Because what Li Mu wanted was his dignity. Since Roland Mass had offered it to him, Li Mu certainly wouldn't want to lose everything.

When the receptionist picked up the phone, Roland Mass was still secretly proud, thinking that this call must be from Li Mu inviting him upstairs. However, Li Mu once again exceeded his expectations.

After hearing Li Ziwei's explanation, the receptionist asked in surprise, "Sister Ziwei, do you really want to say that?"

Li Ziwei grunted and said, "Just tell him the exact words in English."

The receptionist unconsciously stuck out her tongue and said, "Alright then, I'll pass the message to him now."

After saying that, she hung up the phone and looked at Roland Mass awkwardly, not knowing what to say.

After all, she was a young lady. She was thin-skinned and soft-hearted. She knew that Roland Mass had come all the way from America. In the end, her boss's words made him come all the way here for nothing. It was really a little cruel.

Roland Mass didn't know any of this. Seeing the conflicted expression on the receptionist's face, he thought that she knew his identity and that he was a VIP, so he was a little afraid.

Thus, he deliberately smiled and asked, "How is it? What did your Li Zong say?"

The receptionist said seriously, "Mr. Mass, our Li Zong asked me to tell you that he wishes you a safe journey."

"What?"

Roland Mass didn't react for a moment. He thought he had heard wrongly and couldn't help but ask, "What did you just say?"

The receptionist deliberately slowed down and said, "Didn't you say you were going back to America? I'll pass on your words to Li Zong. Li Zong asked me to tell you that he wishes you a safe journey."

"I …" Roland Mass felt as if his chest had been hit by a train. He never expected Li Mu to give such a reply.

A safe journey?

Does that mean he wants me to hurry back to America?

What is this guy trying to do?

Doesn't he want me to apologize?

I'm already here, so why is he still so stubborn?

Continuing to go against Mars won't do him or Makino Technology any good!

Even if Mars closes and goes bankrupt, Makino Technology won't get any benefits. The businesses of the two companies are completely unrelated. Why do they have to bite each other so hard?

Roland Mass was in a difficult position.

The emotional side of his heart told him to hurry up and leave without looking back. Go straight to the airport and fly back to America. Don't be insulted by Li Mu again.

However, the rational side of his heart told him that he had to hold it in. He had to hold it in. No matter what, he could not go back empty-handed. In that case, he could save his face in front of Li Mu, but he would lose his initiative in Mars. Although his face was important, interests were more important.

Just when Roland Mass didn't know what to do, the receptionist cautiously said, "Sir, if there's nothing else, please go back first. We have other visitors to receive …"

A young receptionist could even order him to leave. This made Roland Mass feel particularly depressed, but he couldn't do anything about it.

However, Roland Mass, who had just been beaten black and blue by Li Mu's words, had a feeling that he was no longer itchy after being stabbed by the receptionist.

The scale in his mind tilted in an instant. At this time, he felt that since he had already lost face, it didn't matter if he lost a little more face as long as he could protect his own interests. Otherwise, not only would he lose face, but he would also lose his interests in vain.

After thinking this through, Roland Mass's attitude immediately softened. He said to the receptionist apologetically, "I'm really sorry. I was a little impulsive just now. Please communicate with Li Zong again. Tell him that I've thought it through and am willing to hold a press conference. As for how to do it, I'll have to ask Li Zong for specific instructions."

When the receptionist saw Roland Mass's panicked expression, she couldn't help but laugh out loud. Then, she quickly put on a serious expression and said, "Please wait a moment. I'll contact our CEO's assistant again."

The front desk lady's smile made Roland Mas feel so embarrassed that his old face even turned red.

However, he could only grit his teeth and bury this humiliation in his heart. He only hoped that he could solve this big problem as soon as possible. As for the issue of face, he firmly believed that it was never too late for a gentleman to take revenge.

When Li Ziwei received the call from the receptionist, she immediately smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Roland Mass has compromised and said that he is willing to hold a press conference. Please give your instructions."

Li Mu pursed his lips and said, "I don't have any instructions. Let him decide for himself. But tell him that whether or not I will meet him depends on his attitude and performance at the press conference!"