Chapter 1478

When Larry Page flew all the way to Yanjing, Li Mu was already ready to leave for the recording of "Life Longing for".

According to the schedule, the film crew would arrange for a motorcade to pick up Li Mu at Ziyun Villa at nine o 'clock in the morning. Then, they would start recording after Li Mu got on the car. They would arrive at the filming site at about eleven o' clock in the afternoon, just before lunch.

The designated car sponsor for the first season of "Life Longing for" was Buick. They provided a motorcade for the filming, including several GL8 business cars and several Buick Regals.

Li Mu's personal bodyguard, Wang Yuanlang, replaced Li Mu as the driver of the GL8. The remaining two bodyguards sat in the two adjacent cars one after the other. As soon as Li Mu got on the car, a female assistant director of the program crew, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, turned around and said to Li Mu nervously, "Li Zong, if it's convenient for you, let me tell you about our filming schedule today."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Please go ahead."

The other party said, "Well, we will start recording after the motorcade sets off. There won't be too much recording during the journey. Generally speaking, it will be divided into three parts. One is that you have to call Mushroom House to order dishes. For example, what you want to eat tonight, you can directly tell the guests who answer the phone, but don't reveal your identity on the phone."

"Okay, I got it."

In fact, the whole program of the program was written by Li Mu himself. However, in the eyes of these staff, the program of the program was provided by Makino Image. They did not know who the real original author was.

The female director continued, "We will interview you about your personal views on several permanent guests. You can tell us the truth. If you are not familiar with these permanent guests, we can also provide you with a written script. Of course, if you don't want to follow our script, you can also improvise on the spot. No problem, it's up to you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'll improvise on the spot. But don't worry, I definitely won't say bad things about them."

The female director hurriedly smiled and said, "It doesn't matter if you say bad things, as long as it's not too …"

Li Mu nodded with a smile and asked her, "What about the third part?"

The female director said, "The third part is like this. Later on, we need to interview you about some of your views on 'The Life We Yearn for', as well as why you, a world-renowned entrepreneur, agreed to participate in this program. You can organize your words in advance."

With that, the female director said with a pleading expression, "I hope you can tell us more about the advantages of our show."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Are you always afraid that I'll tear you down in the interview?"

The female director hurriedly waved her hand. "Of course not …"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, Makino Image is my company. This is a show that our two companies are collaborating on. Since I'm willing to come, I'm naturally here to support the show. So don't worry, I'll do my best to cooperate with you later."

The female director said happily, "Thank you so much."

Then, the female director said, "Next, I'll tell you about the filming steps after arriving at the mushroom hut."

"Okay."

"After arriving, we'll send you to the entrance of the village 300 meters away from the mushroom hut. You need to carry your bag and follow our signs all the way to the mushroom hut and knock on the door. In order to ensure the program's effect, we didn't reveal the guest list for each episode to the three permanent guests. So before opening the door, you might not know who the guests are.

"After entering the door, you just need to greet and communicate with the three permanent guests normally. Teacher Huang is the head chef of our show, so he will prepare the dinner you want for you. However, according to the rules of the program, in the afternoon, the permanent guests will have to find a way to solve the problem of ingredients. After you arrive, you can also prepare with them;

"During this period, we hope that you can completely relax, as if you are on a vacation in the suburbs. You can fully enjoy the idyllic life in the Mushroom Hut and the surrounding villages. Before cooking, you can go to the vegetable field with the resident guests to pick vegetables, go fishing in the lake, or go to the farmer's house to experience milking the cows yourself. When cooking, you can help Teacher Huang and the other resident guests appropriately."

"After dinner, you can drink tea and chat with the three guests on the garden tatami in the courtyard. As an outstanding world-class entrepreneur, the three guests will definitely have a lot of questions that they want to hear from you. You can use this segment to say some words of encouragement to the young people in the audience, or impart some life experiences. I believe that the audience will definitely enjoy it very much." "During this period, the program has arranged for you to rest completely.

Our Mushroom Hut has its own guest room and bathroom. Although it's a little shabby, it's absolutely clean and hygienic. You can rest assured and have a good night's rest. Tomorrow morning, Mr. Huang will wake up and prepare breakfast for you and the other permanent guests. After breakfast, you can walk around the village or rest in the Mushroom Hut. At around 11 o 'clock, the guests of the next episode will arrive at the filming location. You can finish filming and come back after having lunch with them. "

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "Who is the guest of the next episode?"

The female director smiled and said, "It's Miss Du Wei."

"Oh?" Li Mu smiled and said, "I haven't seen her for a long time."

The female director smiled and said, "Then we can catch up."

…

The motorcade set off. After leaving the city, the program began to enter the recording stage. According to the requirements of the program group, Li Mu used the mobile phone provided by the program group to call the mushroom hut.

On the other end of the phone, a boy with a Taiwanese accent said, "Hello, Zeri Mushroom Hut!"

Among the three permanent guests, besides He Lu and Huang Lei, there was also Peng Yuyan. It seemed that this boy with a more authentic Taiwanese accent should be Peng Yuyan.

For the effect of the program, Li Mu changed his voice slightly to make himself sound older. He said, "Hello, I want to order."

Peng Yuyan on the other end of the phone immediately perked up. "Okay, just tell me the name of what you want to eat. I will write it down and pass it on to our chef."

Li Mu said, "I only want to eat a fish head pancake, but the fish has to be from the lake near you."

"Uh …" Peng Yuyan was stunned and said, "Then it seems like we have to go fishing in the lake. I will ask Teacher Huang …"

As soon as he finished speaking, Peng Yuyan shouted, "Teacher Huang, Teacher Huang!"

"Coming, coming." Huang Lei's voice came from afar and asked him, "What's the matter?"

"A guest called." Peng Yuyan said, "He wants to eat fish head pancake."

"Fish head pancake."

Huang Lei said very casually, "That's easy. Later, let Teacher He do some work to earn some money. We will go to town to buy a fish head, and then I will bake some pancakes."

Peng Yuyan said softly, "But the guest wants to eat the fish from the lake near us!"

"What?!" Huang Lei exclaimed and said, "It's such a hot day. Don't tell me we still have to go fishing in the lake?"

Peng Yuyan said, "Then why don't you work with Teacher He? I will go fishing later."

At this moment, Li Mu interrupted, "Did the program team prepare a kayak and fishing gear?"

Peng Yuyan said, "Yes, there is a kayak and fishing gear, but we have only used it once. The last time we went fishing on a boat, Teacher Huang fell into the water."

Huang Lei quickly said, "Let's not talk about falling into the water."

Li Mu smiled and said, "How about this? When I get there, let's go fishing together. I haven't gone fishing in a long time. My hands are itching."

Peng Yuyan said, "That's great. To be honest, I'm not very good at fishing."

Li Mu said, "Then it's settled. See you later."

…

After hanging up, Li Mu looked at the camera, then looked out the window and said with a sigh, "When I was very young, I often went fishing with my dad. At first, it was my dad who went fishing, and I caught grasshoppers for him by the river. At that time, fishing was not so particular. We used earthworms or dough as bait, and sometimes we used the stomachs of grasshoppers. When I was a little older, my dad brought me a small fishing rod, and he would also scatter some nests and hang dough for me to fish. When I was in junior high, the two of us often went fishing together. But after high school, we didn't have time to go fishing anymore. Just now, when I was talking about fishing, my hands were itching."

The female director smiled and said, "There is a river and a lake next to our Mushroom Hut. The environment is quite good. If you have time in the future, you can wait until this season's filming is over, then bring Uncle to experience the Mushroom Hut."

Li Mu asked, "Did you rent or buy the Mushroom Hut?"

"I bought it."

The female director said, "Because we hope to produce a few more seasons of this show, we directly bought the small courtyard that we chose. Then, we carried out in-depth renovation and transformation. In the future, we will have full-time staff to maintain this small courtyard. So, if you have time, you can go and experience it at any time."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "If there is a chance, I will definitely go."

At this time, the female director said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, we will stop the camera. You can rest for a while, and we will start the next stage of recording later."

"Okay."

Li Mu sat in the seat and closed his eyes for a while. Suddenly, the phone in his pocket vibrated. It was Li Ziwei who called.

Li Ziwei was not in the motorcade at the moment, but in Makino Technology. Because she was going out to record the show and the conditions were limited, Li Mu did not take her with him.

When the phone was connected, Li Ziwei said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Larry Page has arrived in Yan Jing. He just called me and said that he wants to meet you."

A faint smile appeared on the corner of Li Mu's mouth. He snorted and said, "In the end, he still failed."

Li Ziwei smiled and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, he is still waiting for a taxi at the airport. Do you want to meet him?"

"We definitely have to meet him."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Tell him that I am very busy recently and have no time to meet him. If he really wants to see me, he can come to Miyun to find me. I can meet him during the recording."

Li Ziwei said with a smile, "He is not familiar with this place. Can he find the place?"