Chapter 841

After the meal, Xie Yun took the initiative to invite Li Mu. Her house was on the other side of West Lake. She invited Li Mu to visit her house. In her words, he had to know the place first.

Li Mu naturally did not refuse. Zhao Xianliang's mood seemed to be quite stable. It seemed that her opinions and dissatisfaction with him had been eliminated a lot through this meal.

When they arrived at Zhao Ziqiu's house, Xie Yun warmly invited Li Mu to sit down in the large living room. Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu were close together. She whispered to Li Mu, "Where's the gift you bought for me?

When will you give it to me? "

Li Mu whispered in her ear and pretended to be mysterious, "I'll give it to you when it's just the two of us in private."

Zhao Ziqiu had to nod and then said to her parents sitting opposite, "Mom, Dad, look at what Li Mu gave you."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "It's not polite to open the gift in front of Li Mu. I'll open it after we go back to our room. I'll tell you tomorrow."

Zhao Ziqiu muttered, "There's no need to be so particular. I'm just curious. I'll open it and have a look!"

Xie Yun glanced at Li Mu and saw that he was smiling. She nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll open it now."

Xie Yun opened the exquisite gift box in front of the three of them. Inside was a bright purple jewelry box made of flocking fabric, which looked quite high-end. When Zhao Ziqiu saw the logo on it, she said in surprise, "It's Tiffany!

Li Mu, you really know how to choose. My mom likes their jewelry the most. "

Li Mu couldn't help but smile and said, "Really?

It's good that Auntie likes it. "

Xie Yun nodded slightly and excitedly opened the lid of the jewelry box. The moment she opened the lid, her eyes were attracted by the orchid brooch made of diamonds, sapphires, peridot, and platinum.

The brooch's color combination was particularly fresh and refined. The dazzling diamonds and gorgeous sapphires matched with the light green olivine, and the overall design of the orchid flowers were very perfect both in appearance and artistic conception. Even Xie Yun, who had seen many luxurious accessories, couldn't help but exclaim, "This brooch is so beautiful …"

For most women, a brooch wasn't a necessary accessory, but for upper-class ladies like Xie Yun, a brooch was definitely a necessary accessory for formal occasions. A dress paired with an exquisite brooch could instantly elevate one's temperament by several levels. Therefore, not only did she think that the brooch was beautiful, but she also really liked it.

Xie Yun looked at Li Mu and said gratefully, "This brooch must be very expensive, right?

Thank you, Li Mu! "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "As long as you like it, Auntie. You don't have to be so polite."

Zhao Ziqiu looked happy and said to Li Mu, "I didn't expect you to have such a good eye for gifts."

After that, Zhao Ziqiu looked at her father, Zhao Xianliang, and said, "Dad, can you open your gift too?"

Zhao Xianliang took out the gift and said casually, "You're the most impatient one. Do you want to open it?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said, "I won't open it. It's a gift from Li Mu. You should open it yourself."

Zhao Xianliang said helplessly, "Okay, okay, I'll open it."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang had already torn open the package. After opening it, he found that Li Mu's gift turned out to be a high-end limited edition Montblanc pen. He couldn't help but admire in his heart. This kid really knew how to give gifts. Although he couldn't be considered to be a lover of reading and writing, he had an unusual fondness for pens. Just like a successful businessman paid great attention to his own car, he also paid great attention to the pens he would use in business occasions. The Montblanc pen that Li Mu chose was particularly exquisite, and Zhao Xianliang liked it at first glance.

Xie Yun saw the happiness revealed in her husband's expression, and she was very happy in her heart. She naturally had no opinion on Li Mu. If her husband could also do this, it would be a great thing for her daughter.

Zhao Xianliang held the pen in his hand for a long time, then he put it back in the box and said to Li Mu, "Good taste!"

Although he didn't say thank you, just these four words were enough to prove the change in his attitude.

Li Mu finally breathed a sigh of relief. Fortunately, he called Dufy for help. Otherwise, if he really bought it himself, he might not be able to make them like it so much.

As soon as Zhao Xianliang was happy, he asked the servants to prepare a sea of tea and personally made tea to entertain Li Mu. It could be considered that he really began to treat Li Mu sincerely.

After drinking some tea made by Zhao Xianliang, it was getting late. Li Mu began to think about how to solve the biggest problem tonight: take Zhao Ziqiu away.

After being separated for so long, Li Mu definitely didn't want to let go of this little beauty tonight. However, if he directly took Zhao Ziqiu out of the house at night and didn't return, Li Mu really didn't know how to say it. Zhao Xianliang finally had a good impression of him. If he took Zhao Ziqiu away tonight, he was afraid that he would immediately explode.

As he was hesitating in his heart, Zhao Ziqiu stood up at this time, pulled Li Mu and said, "No, I want to see my gift!

Since you want to give it to me in private, then I'll take you to my room. "

Li Mu was slightly stunned. Before he could react, Zhao Ziqiu grabbed his arm with both hands and pulled him up from the sofa. Then she said to her parents, "Dad, Mom, I'll take Li Mu to my room for a visit. You guys continue to drink tea."

After saying that, without waiting for their response, she pulled Li Mu all the way upstairs.

Li Mu followed Zhao Ziqiu all the way to the second floor. Zhao Ziqiu pushed open a door on the second floor. Just as she led Li Mu in, she immediately turned around and threw herself into Li Mu's arms.

Lifting her head, tiptoeing, kissing …

Everything was initiated by Zhao Ziqiu. She hadn't seen Li Mu for a long time. Under the influence of missing him, she almost melted in his arms at this moment.

Li Mu was also deeply moved. He hugged Zhao Ziqiu and first kissed her wantonly. It wasn't just kissing, but his hands didn't loosen their grip at all.

Zhao Ziqiu completely underestimated her own attractiveness, as well as the strong feeling that her figure gave Li Mu through the thin clothes on this early autumn night …

She didn't know that her initiative to be intimate had awakened the ferocious beast in Li Mu's body.

And in Li Mu's arms, Zhao Ziqiu let out a delicate moan, which stimulated Li Mu even more, prompting him to carry Zhao Ziqiu and stride to her huge European-style princess bed, directly pressing her under his body.

Zhao Ziqiu was confused. When she realized that Li Mu had begun to take off her clothes, she realized Li Mu's strong impulse and hurriedly wanted to stop him. She said, "No, mom and dad are still down there …"

Li Mu said, "Don't care about them. I have to go back to the hotel later. What if I can't take you away tonight?

I guess I probably can't take you away. "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "My mom said …"

Li Mu gently rubbed Zhao Ziqiu's lower lip with his teeth. He panted heavily and interrupted her words, saying, "I don't care. I want you now, immediately, immediately …"

Zhao Ziqiu looked like she was struggling. "But my mom and dad …"

Li Mu interrupted her and said without any hesitation, "Now, immediately, immediately!"

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips, looked at Li Mu for a moment, and sighed helplessly. "I really owed you in my previous life … Go close the door first …"

Li Mu suddenly jumped up, quickly rushed to the door, closed the door, and locked the door. Then he rushed back to the bed as fast as he could and hugged Zhao Ziqiu again.

Zhao Ziqiu wanted to tell Li Mu that her mother wanted him to stay at home tonight. The guest room was just next to hers, and he had plenty of opportunities to sneak over to find her at night, and she could also sneak over to find him. There was no need to do this kind of thing at this inappropriate time.

However, Li Mu's child-like willfulness and eagerness just now aroused the deep affection in her heart, so she simply threw caution to the wind. No matter what, she couldn't hurt Li Mu's enthusiasm for her.

What's more, after being separated for so long, Zhao Ziqiu's body missed Li Mu very much, so she put aside her parents who were still downstairs and went along with Li Mu, responding to Li Mu, and feeling everything that Li Mu brought to her …

…

Zhao Xianliang poured a cup of tea for his wife, Xie Yun. This was already the seventh cup of tea that Zhao Xianliang poured for Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu after they went upstairs.

In the first ten minutes, Zhao Xianliang was still casually chatting with Xie Yun, but after the two children didn't come down for more than ten minutes, Zhao Xianliang suddenly became silent. He didn't speak for the next ten minutes until now.

The villa's soundproofing was very good. Even though Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were selflessly making love to each other on the second floor, Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun couldn't hear anything from downstairs. However, as time passed, even if they couldn't hear anything, the two seemed to have a rough idea of what was going on.

Although Zhao Xianliang understood, he didn't want to think about it, and he was even more unwilling to talk to his wife, so he could only drink cup after cup of water and make tea. Xie Yun didn't say anything either. Every cup that Zhao Xianliang poured, she drank it until her lower abdomen was a little round.

The first to break the silence was Xie Yun. She said, "Drink less tea, or you won't be able to sleep at night."

Zhao Xianliang shrugged and said expressionlessly, "Why don't you open a bottle of wine for me? I'll drink a little more, and when it's almost time, I'll go back to my room to sleep."

Most of the bedrooms in the house were on the second floor. Zhao Xianliang's words revealed the helplessness in his heart at the moment. If he wasn't allowed to drink tea, he would drink some wine. If he wanted to sleep, he had to wait until it was almost time. Obviously, he was willing to wait for Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu to come down before he was willing to go up.

Xie Yun also felt helpless. More than half an hour had passed, and the two children still hadn't come down. Based on the premise that the two young people hadn't seen each other for more than a month, she basically didn't need to think to know what was going on in the room upstairs. In this case, as a parent, it was inevitable that she would feel awkward. Like Zhao Xianliang, she was unwilling to go upstairs at this time. If she heard something, she was afraid that she would feel even more helpless.