Chapter 1782

To Li Mu, money did not come for free. Since Lu Yunhao's orders could not be delivered and were completely paralyzed, if he continued to give all kinds of discounts, wouldn't he be beating himself up?

Therefore, when Lu Yunhao's Bull Takeout stopped operating, Li Mu also started to cut his losses in time and waited for Lu Yunhao to recover before fighting again.

However, the current problem of Bull Takeout was more serious than Li Mu had imagined.

It was not a problem of insufficient transport capacity, but a problem of basically losing transport capacity.

Initially, the delivery riders could more or less deliver some orders, but now, most of the riders were already lying on the spot. The battery of the power station had also been replaced, and there was no way for the riders to continue delivering orders.

Therefore, the users who had ordered but could not get their orders for a long time could only helplessly choose to refund.

Something even worse happened on the refund side.

Bull Takeout's payment channel was a payment interface in cooperation with Shanghai banks. The transfer efficiency was very high, but the refund efficiency was very slow.

Lu Yunhao did not even think about sorting out the refund process on the payment channel. Therefore, after the user initiated the refund and the platform agreed, it would take at least one to two working days for the refund to arrive.

That made the user experience even worse.

After ordering and paying, the food could not be eaten, and the money could not be refunded. When they called customer service, the customer service was always busy.

The five customer service girls in charge of answering the phone never thought that the content of their work would suddenly become the content of being scolded.

Every call that came in was scolding people. The users were especially angry with the performance of the platform, so all their anger was vented on the customer service girls.

The five girls were all scolded and cried after a while.

Not only that, a lot of people on Weibo were also scolding Bull Takeout. The content of their scolding was nothing more than the food could not be delivered, the money could not be refunded, and the customer service number could not be reached.

Lu Yunhao was anxious, but that night, no one could help him solve the problem in front of him.

Bull Takeout's reputation collapsed overnight.

Lu Yunhao was helpless. He could only personally post on Weibo to explain that his team of riders encountered some problems and was coordinating to solve it. All the orders would be refunded within two working days. At the same time, he also promised to compensate each account with a three-yuan coupon.

However, the netizens did not buy it.

Coupons?

Are you kidding me? With your delivery efficiency, who would dare to use it in the future?

Everyone ordered from Beef Takeout to eat. Secondly, they wanted to enjoy the subsidies and discounts. If they could not even eat, what was the point of giving more coupons?

Lu Yunhao knew that he was in the wrong. After posting this Weibo, he didn't say anything in the face of the netizens' doubts.

However, his Weibo was quickly taken over by angry users.

Lu Yunhao had no choice but to call for a meeting with the leaders of the riding team. The first thing he did was to scold a few of them.

These people also felt very wronged. There were several reasons for the problems with the team of riders:

First, the number of riders was relatively small. There were only five hundred riders in total. On the first day, a hundred riders ran. The remaining four hundred riders would not be able to handle so many orders even if they broke their legs.

Second, the performance of the electric scooters was too poor. They would run out of battery after a while. Then, they would rush to change the batteries. The charging efficiency would not be able to keep up. Everyone would change all the batteries that could be changed. If they ran out of battery, would they still be able to push the electric scooters to deliver the goods?

Therefore, after Lu Yunhao vented his dissatisfaction, the leader of the riding team said, "Mr. Lu, if we can't solve the problem with the riding team, the situation will definitely be like this tomorrow morning. We can't do anything about it."

Lu Yunhao asked Zheng Chao, "When will the second batch of electric scooters be delivered?"

Zheng Chao said, "They said they will be leaving the day after tomorrow. It should be around four days before they reach Shanghai."

"Four days?!" Lu Yunhao's eyebrows twitched. "Four days is too long!"

"We can't do anything about it, Mr. Lu."

Zheng Chao explained seriously, "The electric scooter manufacturers that we are working with all got big orders from Hungry Sheep. Therefore, the speed of their supply is much slower."

Lu Yunhao shouted, "This is your problem. I want you to give me a solution, not tell me that you can't do anything about it!

If you can't do anything, he can't do anything, and everyone else can't do anything about it, then what will happen to our company?! "

Zheng Chao said, "With the current situation, we have to wait patiently. The electric scooters will only arrive in four days, and we still have to recruit more riders. The whole process is like a chain. We can't break any of the links."

Lu Yunhao asked, "Can you directly buy a batch of electric scooters from all the shops in Shanghai tomorrow?"

"Sure, sure."

Zheng Chao said, "But if that's the case, first of all, the purchase price will be much higher. We get the factory price from the manufacturer, and we get the retail price from the end market. It's normal to have a difference of a few hundred yuan. Also, there are all kinds of electric scooters on the market. Although everyone's batteries are made of the same lead-acid battery material, the key is that everyone's batteries have different specifications and molds. If we can't use the batteries from the power station, then what about the electric scooters' endurance?

In the long run, we will definitely unify the system, which will save us a lot of time and effort. If there are many different models and battery types, then it will cause a lot of waste … "

Lu Yunhao said coldly, "It doesn't matter if it's a waste. What I want now is to quickly increase our delivery capacity!"

Then, Lu Yunhao said, "Immediately start recruiting new riders. Recruit at least five hundred people and buy a batch of electric scooters. Let them start accepting orders the day after tomorrow!"

Zheng Chao said, "Director Lu, the riders need to be trained. If we recruit them and accept orders, I'm afraid they won't be able to handle it."

Lu Yunhao shouted, "That's your problem. My requirement is that the five hundred riders must be on duty the day after tomorrow. Also, when the next batch of electric scooters arrives, immediately expand the team of riders to one thousand and five hundred. If this problem can't be solved, the person in charge of the team will resign and you will deduct a month's salary!"

Zheng Chao was so worried, but he had no other choice. He could only nod and agree.

…

The next day.

To ensure the user experience, Bull Takeout limited the number of orders.

When the platform felt that the number of orders exceeded the delivery capacity, the platform would notify other users that they could not place orders temporarily. This way, the restaurant could not accept orders.

Although they would lose a lot of orders, at least they could achieve instant delivery of orders.

However, Bull Takeout's overall process optimization was far from Hungry Me's, so their delivery time was longer than Hungry Me's. The overall operating efficiency was low.

During the one hour of peak dining hours, the four hundred riders had only delivered a little more than a thousand orders.

Although the remaining users still wanted to take advantage of the situation, the platform was no longer accepting orders. Therefore, they could only give up on Bull Takeout and continue to choose Hungry Me to accept orders.

Lu Yunhao did some calculations. Based on the current delivery efficiency, they would need at least eight thousand riders if they wanted to cover all of Shanghai's urban areas and prevent the transportation capacity from exceeding the limit.

When he thought about the support and management behind the eight thousand riders, Lu Yunhao panicked.

He felt that O2O was really not something that humans could do. Other people would start a website, stare at a bunch of technology in the office, and quickly develop it and go online. Then, they could let a large number of users visit. There was no barrier to entry. It was nothing more than upgrading the bandwidth when there was a lot of traffic.

However, O2O was the complete opposite of the traditional Internet.

O2O required a large amount of offline work. Perhaps there were only thirty to fifty people in the company, but there were thousands of people running around and doing offline work.

Once they started working offline, they had to consider all aspects. Not only did they have to feed the people, but they also had to consider the logistics.

Eight thousand people would need to be equipped with eight thousand scooters and at least forty thousand lead-acid batteries. Each battery would weigh at least ten to fifteen kilograms. A van could only carry a hundred batteries at most. How many scooters would be equipped with forty thousand batteries?

Therefore, one could see how impressive Li Mu was. The scooter was custom-made, and its actual range was three times that of Bull Takeout's scooter. A scooter with two batteries could run as far as his scooter with eight batteries. Just this difference alone would increase the cost.

When he thought about this, Lu Yunhao even thought about letting the riders bring their own transportation. He did not have to worry about this anymore.

However, this could only be a thought. After all, Hungry Me was the first to provide scooters. When it came to him, he had to let the riders buy their own scooters. How would the riders be willing to play with him?

He felt that he was being dragged into a swamp by Li Mu. Now that he had taken the first step, there was no turning back. He could only bite the bullet and move forward.

The only consolation was that Bull Takeout now had thousands of repeat customers. This proved that he was not completely useless.

At the same time, Hungry Me was developing at a high speed in Shanghai.

Due to the expansion of scooter production, Hungry Me's rider base in Shanghai was getting bigger. No matter how many orders there were, Hungry Me was not in a difficult situation.

Moreover, Hungry Me could always guarantee a stable delivery within half an hour. In Shanghai, the average delivery time for an order was less than twenty minutes.

Many users who cared more about the delivery time and the dining experience had already given up on Bull Takeout's discount.

This was because even though they might spend one or two yuan more with Hungry Me, at least they could have a hot meal. However, if they used Bull Takeout, they might not even have the chance to place an order.

Faced with the current situation of Lu Yunhao being rubbed against the ground by Li Mu, IDG was also very worried.

Even though they did not care about money, they still hoped that they could at least hear the sound of money being spent.

Bull Takeout's current situation was that they did not get any benefits even if they spent money. Not long after they started, their reputation was already in a mess. Not to mention splitting the market with Hungry Me, even ensuring a stable operation was a problem.

Moreover, IDG also realized a very important problem. Lu Yunhao did not have the ability to control the situation as they imagined.

Some people were born to be generals. They could command tens of thousands of people and still be able to be orderly and cooperate well.

However, some people were born to be squad leaders. They could still be clear when leading a dozen people, but when there were a lot of people, they would immediately be flustered.

Lu Yunhao was obviously the latter. Now that Bull Takeout was in his hands, it was like a chicken feather.

If this project was in his hands, there was almost no hope of success …