Chapter 1812

No one would have thought that Li Mu, who was sought after by netizens all over the world because he wrote three top songs, would actually go against the Japanese conglomerates on Weibo and Twitter.

However, after understanding the actual situation, they immediately began to support Li Mu and denounced the Japanese conglomerates who tried to drive "Flying Tigers" off the Japanese cinema chain.

Those Japanese conglomerates who were so influential in Japan that they could even cause an earthquake by stomping their feet suddenly became the target of the global netizens' crusade. They immediately suffered!

Moreover, the most uncomfortable thing for them was that they couldn't attack Li Mu at all.

Li Mu was sitting in Yanjing. Moving his fingers was equivalent to launching a missile and directly blowing himself up.

As for themselves?

They wanted to attack Li Mu, but there were no missiles available. Although they had money, money couldn't be turned into missiles directly. They could only worry in Japan.

Those cinema chain owners suddenly became alert. They knew that they absolutely couldn't cooperate with these conglomerates. Because once they got too close to them, they might become the target of public criticism in the future.

The Japanese conglomerates originally wanted to control the number of screenings of "Flying Tigers" in Japan, thereby controlling the influence of "Flying Tigers" in Japan. However, they had already failed before they succeeded, and they even caused a lot of trouble.

Several big shots of different conglomerates, such as this family's eldest son, that family's eldest son, and his family's eldest son, urgently met in Tokyo that night. Everyone sat together and carefully analyzed the current situation. Finally, they made a decision: admit defeat.

They had no choice but to admit defeat. They couldn't beat them in a fight, and they couldn't beat them in a scolding. In addition, everyone had a lot of dark history behind them. They couldn't even cover it up normally. If they were really exposed by Li Mu, it would really be a joke.

The people of the world basically had the same attitude towards World War II. The side of justice was willing to forgive and forgive the evil side. However, the premise was that the evil side had to completely recognize their own sins, completely correct their sins, and repent for their sins.

For example, Germany fought even more fiercely than Japan in World War II. They fought on the East and West fronts, and also in Africa. However, because of their good attitude of admitting guilt, they were forgiven by most of the invaded countries and citizens.

However, if you don't admit your sins, don't correct them, don't repent for them, and even shamelessly try to cover them up, then you'll really be hated by everyone!

Li Mu had only scolded once without naming anyone, and the netizens had already started to follow his lead. If Li Mu really hung up everyone's dark history, who would be able to live a good life?

Therefore, admitting defeat was the best way to quickly cut losses.

Therefore, everyone immediately came to a consensus. From now on, they would not interfere with Flying Tigers in any way. It was just a movie. If it wanted to be released, let it be released. If it wanted to be popular, let it be popular. As long as they did not provoke it, at least they would not be singled out.

However, these people were depressed, and Li Mu was not prepared to forgive them.

He had indeed said that if he wanted to act pretentious, he would name them. However, he didn't say that if he stopped acting pretentious, he wouldn't name them.

Therefore, he asked Zhao Kang, who was in charge of the Internet Water Army, to arrange for his subordinates to set the pace on the Internet all over the world.

For a while, no one knew who broke the news, but the dark history of Japan's top conglomerates suddenly became too much for the eyes to take in.

Whose family had made a fortune, whose father had been a soldier, whose grandfather had fought in the war, whose elder generation had invaded Hua Xia, Korea, and Southeast Asia.

Even the elder generation of the family that had bombed Pearl Harbor was completely exposed.

The most outrageous thing was that there was actually an ancestor of a conglomerate that was confirmed to have participated in the eating of an American pilot during the island battle with the American army.

Once this matter was exposed, the American netizens exploded.

The descendants of cannibals, how could they f * cking do that?

During World War II in Southeast Asia and the major islands in the Pacific, there was historical evidence that the Japanese army had eaten people.

In 1944, during a bombing mission by the American Air Force in Japan, nine American pilots parachuted because they were injured in the plane. Of the nine people, eight were captured, and all eight of the captured died. Four of them were eaten by the Japanese army.

The only one who escaped was the 41st President of the United States, George H.W. Bush.

Once this piece of history was exposed, even the fragile hearts of the Americans could not take it anymore.

Our president was almost eaten alive by the ancestors of your plutocrats. If you hadn't come out to cause trouble, no one would have bothered with you. But in the end, you still want to come out and suppress them when they're filming a movie. Do you still know what shame is?

All of a sudden, the international reputation of many of the Japanese conglomerates fell to the freezing point.

The person in charge of the Japanese conglomerate, who was exposed that his ancestor had eaten an American pilot, slapped himself more than ten times in his office.

He was really poisonous. Why did he look for trouble for no reason?

Back when he was filming "The Last Samurai", he had already been messed with once. Why did he not learn from it?

Interestingly, the more people scolded the Japanese conglomerates, the higher the box office of "Flying Tigers".

It was so high that the cinema chain went crazy. This movie's attendance was unprecedented, so everyone tried their best to reduce the number of screenings for other movies and give as many screenings as possible to "Flying Tigers".

Five days before the release of "Flying Tigers", it had earned 600 million USD in the region where it was shown.

On the sixth day of "Flying Tigers", it was shown in the second-tier countries and regions, and it earned more than 200 million USD in a single day.

Hollywood also went crazy.

Earlier, everyone thought that war movies had no future. They had high production costs, low box office, and there were no sequels.

Look at the movies nowadays, which one did not rely on sequels to make a lot of money?

Who knew how many "James Bond" had been made?

"The Fast and the Furious" was now up to the third installment.

"Mission Impossible" was originally going to be made for a third installment, but Tom Cruise became an extreme samurai because of "The Last Samurai". At the same time, he kept telling the media that he liked Japanese culture, and now he was ruined by Li Mu.

The third installment of the low-budget sex comedy "American Pie" was released last year and became a hit.

Even the animated movie "Toy Story" was in preparation for its third installment.

This kind of movie was really a money-making machine.

Compared to that, what were war movies?

You invested so much money in "Schindler's List" today, and the box office was indeed quite high, but then what?

You can't make a "Schindler's List 2", can you?

You can't make a sequel to "Black Eagle Fall" either!

After all, most war movies had to respect history. They couldn't make something out of nothing, right?

They couldn't make a main character go through Pearl Harbor, then attack Midway Island, and then go to Normandy Landing, right?

Therefore, more and more people realized that war movies were an arduous and unrewarding job, so fewer and fewer people were willing to make them.

However, "Flying Tigers" really blew up at the box office. After six days of screening, it earned 800 million US dollars.

Authoritative people predicted that the final global box office of this movie would definitely be more than 2 billion US dollars, and it might even reach 3 billion US dollars.

In any case, it would definitely surpass the 2.1 billion US dollars of "Titanic".

At the same time, the whole world wanted a high-definition sound source for a song.

That song was "Rolling".

In

The

"Deep".

Currently, there was no sound source for this song, and the only way to get it was in the cinema.

Many people went to the cinema to watch the movie twice or thrice because they liked this song so much, and some even brought recording equipment to try to record the song.

However, the cinema was a relatively noisy environment after all, and in this kind of relatively loud sound field, the effect of using equipment to directly receive the sound was relatively average. Even so, this kind of sound source was crazily downloaded by countless people on the Internet.

According to statistics, the number of downloads of all kinds of pirated sound sources quickly exceeded ten million, and it was still increasing rapidly.

Countless people tagged Li Mu on Weibo and Twitter, begging Li Mu to release the sound source of this song. Even if it was a single or an album, they were willing to buy it immediately.

There were even music radio stations and music television stations that were willing to spend millions of US dollars in copyright fees to buy the priority broadcast rights of this song.

However, Li Mu announced on Weibo and Twitter: "" Rolling "

In

The

"Deep" is not considering releasing a single album for the time being, because the movie is still in the screening stage, so we can't release its official sound source for the time being, and we are not planning to sell the copyright. However, please rest assured that after the movie finishes screening in most parts of the world, we will release the sound source on YYtunes for users worldwide to download for free. "

Li Mu disdained using music to make money, but he needed music to add luster to the movie.

As the movie's box office rose, Du Wei's influence also increased. She, who only had three English songs, had now become the female singer with the most attention in Europe and the United States, second to none.

Performance invitations were sent to her from all over the world, but Du Wei rejected all of them.

Because of her relatively outstanding performance in the movie, many famous directors sent her film invitations, hoping that she would act in their movies, but Du Wei still rejected all of them.

She felt that in the future, everything about her would be arranged by Li Mu. If Li Mu asked her to perform, she would do it. If he did not let her do it, or did not make any arrangements for her, then she would just focus on her studies.

On July 17, "Flying Tigers" was released for 11 days, and the global box office exceeded 1.6 billion US dollars.

On July 20, "Flying Tigers" was released for 14 days, and the global box office exceeded 2 billion US dollars.

This movie broke the local box office records in all countries and regions around the world.

Even in Japan, it broke the all-time box office record.

In the days that followed, the popularity of "Flying Tigers" did not seem to decrease at all.

On July 30, "Flying Tigers" was released for 24 days, and the global box office exceeded 3 billion US dollars, making the world go crazy.

The media invented a term called "Flying Tigers Effect." It roughly meant that the better the movie, the more attractive the box office would be. Even if people were not interested in the subject matter, because of its strong social influence, it was a hot topic, and in the end, they could not help but walk into the cinema.

Once the "Flying Tigers Effect" was formed, the box office would not only reap the original user base, but also those who were originally not in the user base.

Therefore, the box office of the movie increased exponentially!

Of course, the Chinese government's crackdown on piracy was very thorough, which also brought a huge guarantee for the movie's box office!

If someone stole a recording, they would be arrested; if someone tried to steal a copy, they would be arrested for a felony!

If someone successfully stole a movie, they would go back and produce a CD. As long as a CD was released on the market, it would immediately be traced, and the sales channel and production side would be captured in one fell swoop.

Therefore, there was a unified consensus in the piracy industry: If you want to die fast enough, then make a pirated copy of "Flying Tigers"!