Chapter 632

Li Mu had already sorted out some problems about Wei Lan in his mind. Now that he had asked so many questions in a roundabout way, he had basically guessed Wei Lan's current situation. She must have encountered some kind of difficulty and needed money, so she sold the villa. Moreover, after careful analysis, it was more likely that she was in a difficult situation now. The lack of money was not the main reason. Otherwise, she would not have been so capricious in the price of the villa and quoted a price of 33 million yuan without missing a cent.

However, Li Mu couldn't analyze more specifically.

Li Mu didn't really want to figure out what kind of problem Wei Lan was facing. At first, he was a little curious because of Wei Lan's appearance, net worth, and the act of selling the villa. Now, his doubts were basically solved, and he had an unexpected gain. Wei Lan had an extraordinary understanding of the real estate industry. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that she was very good in this regard.

For Li Mu, it was his first time meeting Wei Lan. He didn't have any improper thoughts about her other than the peeping desire that all men had, so he didn't ask more details. Wei Lan also had a better impression of Li Mu because he knew when to stop.

The car got on the airport highway, and the road was smooth.

The two chatted for a while, and Wei Lan's cell phone suddenly rang. She glanced at the caller ID on the phone, and her willow-like eyebrows furrowed. After hesitating for a while, she still picked up the phone and said, "Hello, Mr. Zhou."

It was a man on the other end of the phone. Li Mu couldn't hear what he was saying, but he could feel that the tone was very aggressive.

The other party shouted for a while, and Wei Lan said, "Mr. Zhou, my father is not in the country now. It's meaningless for you to shout at me about this kind of problem. I hope you can calm down first."

The other party shouted again. Wei Lan pinched the bridge of her nose with one hand and continued to speak in a persuasive tone, "I'm already communicating with the people of Ronghe Real Estate and Shanghai Development Bank. I'm also mediating with the government. If you still insist on withdrawing, then there's nothing I can do."

"We are a limited liability company. If you want to withdraw, you can transfer the shares yourself. There is no reason for me to buy back the shares, right?"

"Director Zhou, you've been in business for many years. You must understand that no project can guarantee 100% profits. When you can't make money, you keep quiet and make money, but when there's a problem, you jump out and yell. You don't have any feelings for going through thick and thin together. Isn't this unreasonable?"

"Yes, I'm young and inexperienced, but I understand the laws and regulations. If you really want to return, I'll still say the same thing. You can transfer the shares on your own. It has nothing to do with me who you sell it to, or how much you sell it to. However, if you force me to buy it back at the original price, then I can tell you clearly that it's impossible!"

"Director Zhou, if you have any other questions, I suggest that we don't talk to each other directly. Let the lawyers talk to each other. This way, we won't hurt each other's feelings. I still have something to do, so I'll hang up first.

After saying the last sentence, Wei Lan immediately hung up the phone. Then, she closed her eyes and leaned back, sinking deep into the seat.

When Li Mu saw this, he asked softly, "Miss Wei, are you okay?"

Asking if she was okay instead of asking what happened was also a form of respect that Li Mu had for Wei Lan at this time. He wasn't familiar with her, so it was impolite to ask her what problem she was currently facing. Secondly, she might not tell him, but pretending not to hear and continuing to drive was a little unreasonable, so he could only ask her herself.

Wei Lan sighed softly, waved her hand, and said, "I'm fine. I'm sorry, I made a fool of myself."

Li Mu said, "It doesn't matter if you encounter a problem. The key is to adjust your mentality well and try not to be affected."

Wei Lan nodded gratefully, but she sighed in her heart. Although what Li Mu said was right, how could a second-generation official like him understand her current pain?

The atmosphere in the car suddenly became a lot quieter, but it didn't last long. A few minutes later, Li Mu's car arrived at the entrance of the terminal, and the car stopped in front of the domestic departure entrance.

After the car stopped, Wei Lan took a deep breath, then unbuckled her seatbelt and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, thank you for sending me here."

Li Mu smiled slightly, "It's my duty."

Wei Lan said, "I'm in a hurry, so I'll go in first."

After saying that, Wei Lan opened the car door, and after getting out, she turned back and said to Li Mu, "Be careful on the way back."

Li Mu nodded, "It's fate that we met. The next time I come to Yanjing, I'll call you in advance and treat you to a meal."

Li Mu said it lightly, so Wei Lan nodded with a smile, and also said politely, "Let me know if you're going to Shanghai, so I can do my best as a host."

"Okay, hurry up and go in."

"Okay, goodbye."

"Goodbye."

Seeing Wei Lan enter the departure entrance, Li Mu restarted the car and drove away from the airport. The phone call Wei Lan just received confirmed his guess. As he expected, Wei Lan encountered a lot of trouble. From her words, it should be her father's business that was in trouble, and for some reason, she had to come forward to take care of it.

From Wei Lan's way of talking, to her understanding of real estate, to the self-cultivation and temperament she showed when she answered the phone just now, Li Mu felt that even if this kind of person was temporarily faced with a difficult situation, she should be able to find a good solution. While solving the problem, she would also become stronger. As for himself, he was just a passerby who had some curiosity about her story. They met in a hurry and said goodbye in a hurry. He didn't think that he would have any interaction with Wei Lan in the future.

…

After returning to the city, Li Mu rushed to Ziyun Villa. First, he completed the registration change with the property management. Then, he spent money to have the property management change the lock of his newly bought villa. Lin Ching-ah picked a lady from the company for Li Mu to work as an administrator. The lady's name was Li Ziwei. She was young, but she had been working as an administrator for several years. She usually did things very carefully, had her own ideas, and liked to think on her own. Lin Ching-ah had been specially grooming her, hoping to nurture her into a talent who could take charge of the company's internal affairs. Li Mu wanted a personal assistant for the time being, and in his opinion, Li Ziwei was the most suitable.

While Li Mu was waiting for the property management to change the lock and get the access control and car access card, Lin Ching-ah drove Li Ziwei over. Li Mu specifically called the property management, and Lin Ching-ah's car was allowed to enter.

Lin Ching-ah wasn't surprised that Li Mu bought a villa. After all, with Li Mu's net worth, living in a mansion was only a standard configuration for him. He used to rent a house near his school, and it was too simple for him to live in a mansion.

Li Mu had seen Li Ziwei before, but he had never talked to her. Li Ziwei was a petite girl from Southern Sichuan. She looked above average, and her skin was very good. She had the characteristics of a southern girl. However, the girls from Southern Sichuan were different from the girls from Jiangnan in the traditional sense. The girls from Jiangnan were generally gentle, but the girls from Southern Sichuan were famous for being fierce. They did things swiftly and decisively, and Lin Ching-ah liked them very much.

Li Ziwei had come to Yanjing to work for four years, and it was the first time that she was in such a luxurious villa. She was surprised and nervous, but she maintained the calmness that she should have and behaved very calmly.

Li Mu said to her, "I'll trouble you to help me arrange this house for the next two days. I'll give you a set of keys and access control later. I'll transfer some money to your card tomorrow. You can look for the property management or the housekeeping company to tidy up the house. Remove the dust cover and other things inside, and then see what daily necessities should be added. You can decide the details. You don't have to consider my preferences, as long as you think it's suitable and easy to use."

When they came, Lin Ching-ah had already told Li Ziwei about Li Mu's needs, so Li Ziwei didn't have any doubts. She immediately nodded and said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I'll arrange it."

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction, handed his mobile phone to her, and said, "Use your mobile phone to call me. Let's exchange numbers, and contact each other if there's anything."

Li Ziwei entered her number in Li Mu's mobile phone, and then dialed. She felt the mobile phone in her pocket vibrate, so she quickly hung up. She helped Li Mu set up a new contact and entered her name.

Li Mu asked her, "Can you drive?"

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "I've had my driver's license for two years, but I don't drive much. I only drive my dad's car when I go home."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's not convenient to drive here without a car. How about this? You come with me later. I have a Buick business car near the National People's Congress. You drive it back, and I'll reimburse you for the specific gas and parking fees."

Although Li Ziwei was a little hesitant about driving, she also knew that since the leader had made a request, she couldn't show any hesitation. So she nodded and agreed.

After she finished giving orders, Li Ziwei asked him, "Li Zong, can you tell me which room you are going to live in, and what the other rooms are for?"

Only then did Li Mu remember about the room. He hadn't thought about which room he was going to live in, nor had he thought about which room he would let his parents live in. Li Ziwei was more thoughtful than him, so he thought for a moment and said to her, "There are two big master bedrooms upstairs. I'll live in one, and the other is for my parents. My room doesn't matter. Try not to put too fancy things in my parents' room. They like simple things."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "I see, Li Zong. Can I go up and have a look first?

Write it down, and then go back to make a plan at night. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Of course, feel free to look around."

Li Ziwei then said goodbye to Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah, and went upstairs first. Lin Ching-ah smiled and said to Li Mu, "What do you think? This girl is very smart, right?"

Li Mu nodded from the bottom of his heart. "Very good. Why don't you just be my personal assistant in the future? I need a careful person to help me think about all kinds of things from time to time."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Actually, that's what I'm thinking. You have so many things to do every day, and you really need a dedicated assistant. Ziwei is a good learner. Let her start as a personal assistant first. If you think she is worth training, you can slowly teach her some work. Maybe she can train you to be a good assistant."

"Okay."