Chapter 1324

Today, Li Ziwei communicated with the two relevant departments about the delivery of the donated materials. After reaching an agreement, the specific process and specific solutions were quickly spread throughout the country through the media. Even Yang Ma made an important report in the afternoon news, giving absolute affirmation to the strong sense of social responsibility of the two private enterprises, Taobao and Makino Technology.

For a time, the public was full of praise for Taobao, Makino Technology, and Li Mu.

Although Li Mu did not show up today, he still received great affirmation from the society. However, when the people praised him, they did not forget to continue to gossip about the question of "foresight." Before the standard answer was announced, the people fully exerted their imagination on this question.

In addition to Li Mu, Li Ziwei was also praised by the people.

This was the first time that she officially appeared in front of the media. Although she was present every time Li Mu appeared in front of the media, she rarely appeared on the screen. Even if she appeared on the screen occasionally, it was only for a moment. This time, it was different. This time, she not only represented Li Mu, but also represented two well-known large Internet companies. Moreover, she was representing Li Mu and the two companies to communicate such an important matter. Therefore, today, as the protagonist, she was particularly eye-catching.

And Li Ziwei's performance was also impeccable. She was a girl who had just graduated from college, a young girl who had only worked as an administrator before, but was arranged to be by Li Mu's side and influenced by what she saw. When Li Mu needed her to be independent, she burst out with unimaginable calmness and aura, and was praised by countless netizens as a white-collar goddess.

Later, people who knew Li Ziwei's resume was posted on the Internet. Only then did people discover that Li Ziwei had just graduated from college for less than a year. She joined Makino Technology during her internship, and then became Li Mu's personal assistant in less than a year. What was even more amazing was that her performance today was not like a fresh graduate, but more like the kind of elite who grew extremely fast in the workplace and accumulated a few years of valuable experience.

Those who knew Li Ziwei expressed their disbelief on the Internet. A year ago, Li Ziwei was still a new graduate. She had no social experience, let alone work experience, and was very low-key. Few people around her knew that she had entered Makino Technology to work. Except for her family, no one knew that she had become Li Mu's personal assistant.

In less than a year, she could bring such great changes and growth to a person, which shocked everyone. Many people who had been in the workplace for several years could not find a good opportunity to be reborn like this. It seemed that a company like Makino Technology was really a place that could speed up people's growth.

…

Li Ziwei's unexpected popularity did not bring her any extra trouble, because Li Mu gave her more tasks that she needed to handle in person.

After communicating with the two relevant departments, Li Ziwei immediately took the staff to Taobao's warehouse center in the suburbs of Yan Jing. Half of the materials that Li Mu was going to donate were stored here. When Li Mu arranged the warehouse for this batch of materials, he deliberately stored a large number of materials in the warehouse in Yan Jing, in case the epidemic in Yan Jing became serious.

Now, Li Ziwei's task was to supervise the warehouse workers to count all the materials that were going to be donated to the relevant departments of transportation, pack them uniformly, and then load them to the agreed delivery place.

Along with her, there were more than 60 invited media reporters.

A large number of media reporters hoped to come to the scene to film the material allocation process of Taobao's warehouse. After all, Li Mu had made such a large donation, but so far, the media reporters and even the national audience had not seen the real thing, only the list given by Li Ziwei.

From the perspective of publicity, a paper list was far less shocking than a large number of various materials placed in front of them.

However, it was now the dangerous stage of the epidemic. Organizing hundreds of media reporters to visit and film at once was against the principle of avoiding as many people as possible during the epidemic prevention stage. Therefore, Li Ziwei carefully selected 30 well-known domestic media reporters, and then sincerely explained the reason to other media reporters, and got their understanding.

When the 30 or so media reporters arrived at Taobao's warehouse, they were shocked by the spectacular sight of a modern e-commerce warehouse for the first time. Although the construction of Taobao's warehouse was rushed, and the main building was mostly steel factory buildings, and there was no automatic storage equipment, the warehouse center had begun to carry out comprehensive information technology, and small electric forklifts, small electric trucks, and belt conveyors to achieve semi-automatic management. The scale of the warehouse was very large, and in this era, it was quite spectacular.

The media reporters quickly forgot their purpose of coming this time, and took pictures of all the details of Taobao's warehouse, and were very interested in asking the warehouse director about the operation of the entire warehouse.

Since Taobao was the only domestic B2C company, when Li Ziwei asked Li Mu, Li Mu did not care about any trade secrets, and generously allowed the person in charge of the warehouse to make a detailed introduction to the media reporters.

Just in time for a large batch of donated materials to be sent out of the warehouse, so the person in charge of the warehouse demonstrated the operation process of Taobao's warehouse to the reporters through the process of arranging this batch of materials to leave the warehouse.

All the shelves in Taobao's warehouse were numbered. When all the goods entered the warehouse, the category, name, model, quantity, and storage time of the goods would be calculated, and then entered together with the shelf number into the computer. Therefore, all the goods here were recorded in the system.

According to Li Ziwei's requirements, the person in charge of the warehouse selected the storage location of all the relevant goods on the computer, and the staff immediately printed out the barcode of the goods leaving the warehouse, and then drove a small electric forklift to the designated shelf to pick up the goods. After the staff verified the type and model of the goods, they immediately used the forklift to take the specified quantity of goods from the shelf, and then attached the printed barcode to these goods, and then transported them to the belt conveyor on the side of the shelf.

When the goods were on the belt conveyor, they directly passed through the transmission distance of hundreds of meters and were directly transferred to another operation room next door. The work of leaving the warehouse was completed.

In Li Mu's view, although this semi-automatic warehouse management method was the best he could do at present, he was still very dissatisfied with such efficiency. He hoped that in the next one or two years, the entire warehouse management could be automated. It was just that there were still big technical problems that needed to be solved to achieve this goal.

However, in the eyes of the media reporters, this advanced warehouse management method was enough to make them dumbfounded!

The scene in the other operation room further shocked all the media reporters. This was because this operation room was the shared automatic sorting center of Taobao's warehouse and Taobao's logistics express!

Whether it was ordinary Taobao's logistics express parcels, or Taobao's B2C business using their own warehouses, parcels shipped through Taobao's logistics were all automatically sorted here. The huge automatic sorting operation assembly line had a very high degree of automation, much higher than the warehouse. A large number of parcels flowed into this sorting line like water, and then were quickly sorted. The scene was spectacular!

The automatic sorting system identified the parcels according to the barcode on the parcels, and sorted them according to the destination of the parcels. The parcels that were sorted and shipped to various destinations would be quickly packed by other staff, and then directly transported to the assembly room next door for loading.

The media reporters excitedly recorded the whole process of this batch of materials from the transfer to the warehouse, to the sorting, packing, and loading process, for fear of missing any details. In the past, they thought that the level of domestic industrialization was relatively backward, but no one expected that Taobao's warehouse had quietly achieved a high degree of informatization and automation in the suburbs of Yanjing. This was a very good news topic for the reporters who had a keen sense for news.

After this batch of goods was out of the warehouse, the vehicle that transported this batch of goods delivered the goods on time to the agreed delivery place. Li Ziwei and the team of reporters also followed all the way. At the delivery place, the receptionist from the relevant transportation department made a detailed count of this batch of donated materials. After the count, he confirmed that the quantity and type were accurate, and then he signed his name on the receipt prepared by Li Ziwei.

All the donated materials to the relevant transportation department had been delivered without a single mistake.

The rest was the donated materials to the relevant health department. These materials needed to wait for the relevant departments to formulate the distribution rules, and then Taobao would distribute them directly according to the distribution. Half of the materials were scattered in the storage centers all over the country, so when the distribution list came out, the storage centers could claim the addresses in their own jurisdiction and quickly distribute the materials. If there were not enough goods in the storage center, then the storage centers would communicate with each other to transfer the goods.

When the reporters took the interview material back, almost all the media decided to report it as the focus of the evening news. This news contained a lot of positive elements. Not only was there the positive energy of the donation itself, but there was also the new face of the development of domestic Internet enterprises. The informatization, modernization, and standardization of Taobao's warehouse could not only bring a lot of inspiration to domestic enterprises, but also create a better image for Hua Xia's enterprises internationally. Therefore, the value of this news was extremely high.

In the evening news broadcast, the material donation of Taobao and Makino Technology was included in the scope of the main content. In the detailed report, not only did the second round of reporting on the donation of Taobao Network and Makino Technology, but also the whole process of Taobao's warehouse exiting the warehouse, sorting, packing, and loading the goods into the truck was edited into a two-minute video.

In the report, CCTV gave a very high evaluation of the modern development model of Taobao's warehouse, saying that Taobao Technology was a model for domestic enterprises. Not only did it make online e-commerce in full swing, but it also used the efficient thinking of the Internet to make the traditional offline warehouse and logistics process extremely efficient and extremely modern. It was necessary for all traditional enterprises to learn and imitate it.