Chapter 1399

As a big shot in Hollywood, Harvey Weinstein was very familiar with public opinion. He was also an expert at manipulating public opinion. So, based on the information revealed by his friend's phone call, he could guess that someone must have deliberately done this behind the scenes.

When he thought about how this matter revolved around Zombie-master, Harvey felt that it might be Li Mu's doing behind the scenes to hype up the movie.

When a movie was released, the distributor would do everything possible to increase the exposure of the movie, whether it was good or bad. This was because the whole of Hollywood knew that as long as the exposure of the movie increased, it would be a great help to the box office.

Harvey himself was a master at hyping up the box office. During the release of a movie, he once promoted that the female lead's sex tape had been leaked. As a result, the box office of the movie skyrocketed because of this news. In the end, after the movie was released, he released an authoritative statement, claiming that all of this was just a misunderstanding, and that the actors and the distributor were happy.

However, there were still some things in Harvey's heart that he was not sure about. For example, he always had a question in his heart. With Li Mu's status, would he really care about the box office of a movie?

Would he really go against him for the box office results of the movie? After all, the difference between the two of them was too big.

The awkward thing was that Harvey Weinstein knew that he had offended too many people, and there were even more people that he had not offended, but had always been unhappy with him. At this time, there was no guarantee that someone would take the opportunity to throw dirty water on him.

Harvey Weinstein felt that there was another key point in this matter that was very important, and that was that he had to find out who was behind the scenes as soon as possible!

If it was really Li Mu who was messing with him, he would indeed be powerless to resist. He could only temporarily tuck his tail between his legs to avoid Li Mu's sharp edge. However, if someone in Hollywood wanted to take the opportunity to mess with him, then he had to be careful. The people around him were the most dangerous, because no one knew when the next knife would stab them!

…

Just as Harvey Weinstein was being spurned on the Internet because of his groundless arrogance, Zombie-master's popularity in the North American market once again rose to a new height.

The various levels of exposure made the film more and more influential in North America. The next day, a total of 33 million US dollars of screenings were sold out two hours after Harvey Weinstein's "scandal" was exposed.

On the first day, 18.5 million USD. On the second day, 33 million USD. In the history of Hollywood, there had never been such a strong overseas film.

However, what troubled Harvey the most was that as the box office for "Zombie-Master" continued to soar, the netizens began to criticize him more and more. This was because the netizens saw this movie as the perfect opportunity to slap him in the face. The higher the box office for the movie, the more they would laugh at him and call him an idiot.

What was even more frightening was that a large number of netizens swarmed into his blog and commented under his article to scold him. It was simply intolerable.

Harvey was so angry that he immediately wrote an article on his blog. In the article, he angrily refuted the netizens' slander. He swore to his faith and God with his life that the rumors on the Internet about him rejecting Li Mu and ridiculing Zombie-master were completely false.

In addition, Harvey also praised Zombie-master. He believed that this film was a rare high-quality commercial film. He also said that if there was a chance in the future, he hoped to cooperate with more Hua Xia Films and Hua Xia's filmmakers.

In the latter half of the article, Harvey even shouted at Li Mu from afar. He said that he had long admired Li Mu, but he never had the chance to get to know Li Mu. He believed that Li Mu was an outstanding person of integrity and pragmatism, so he especially hoped that he would have the chance to truly become friends with Li Mu.

After saying so much nonsense, Harvey finally shouted from afar. At the end of the article, he said, "I really hope that Mr. Li Mu will be able to read this article of mine. By then, he will know that I have been maliciously slandered. He is also the one who can best clarify the truth in this entire matter. Here, I sincerely hope that Mr. Li Mu can take some time out of his busy schedule to explain to the entire Internet and help me clear the slander that has been wantonly imposed on me."

Harvey felt that he was not afraid of a crooked shadow. Therefore, not only could he swear on his life, faith, and God, but he also dared to shout at Li Mu from afar, asking Li Mu to come out and prove his innocence.

However, Harvey did not expect Li Mu to actually reply to him. He was just using Li Mu to make his statement more credible.

For the North American people, Harvey's trick still had some credibility.

First of all, Harvey was a Jew, and though Jews were very slick in business dealings, they were very faithful to their religious beliefs. Harvey had taken an oath on his religion, his beliefs, and his life, which gave his words some credibility.

In addition, according to the version of the rumor, Harvey had offended Li Mu. Not only did he reject Li Mu's request to release Zombie-master, but he also belittled the film. If this was true, how could he dare to shout at Li Mu in public?

Once Li Mu responded to him, wouldn't he be dead?

Because of these two points, many people in North America had begun to believe that Harvey was being pranked. Someone deliberately fabricated rumors to maliciously slander him in order to prank him.

Makino Technology had a team specifically responsible for the global reputation investigation of Makino Technology and Li Mu. They basically searched for hot topics and negative comments about Makino Technology and Li Mu 24 hours a day. Once they found them, they immediately evaluated the nature and influence of the comments.

If a related comment had a greater influence, the team would focus on it.

If the influence of a comment was negative, the team would focus on it. If the negative comment did not exceed the internal security level, then the comment would only be tracked and not actively dealt with. However, if the negative comment exceeded the security level, the team would immediately deal with it.

Obviously, the influence of Harvey's latest blog was relatively large. As a public figure, he shouted at Li Mu on a public online platform. This kind of event would reach at least tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people. Under the influence assessment scale within Makino Technology, this incident needed to attract a very high degree of attention.

After that, the news was reported to the higher-ups and finally reached Li Mu. Li Mu did not expect that Harvey would actually shout out to him on his public blog, hoping that he would stand up to clear his name. This move was indeed a little interesting.

If he were to respond to him, he would have to be realistic. He definitely couldn't be consistent with the rumors released by the Internet Water Army. Otherwise, he would be shooting himself in the foot. Therefore, responding to him truthfully would help him clear his name.

If he did not respond to him, it would seem that he was somewhat passive in this matter. Harvey was definitely the most influential person in Hollywood, and Zhang Heng had already set foot in the film and television industry. His march to Hollywood was also obvious. If Harvey shouted at him publicly, but he did not respond, it would make the public suspicious.

Therefore, after thinking about it, Li Mu felt that if this matter continued to develop in this way, he was afraid that he had only one choice, which was to publicly respond to Harvey's shouts and refute the rumors for him to the entire North American netizens.

This was not a bad thing.

From the spread of the rumors to Harvey being scolded, Li Mu had already increased a lot of extra attention for the movie by blackmailing Harvey. Now, if he responded to Harvey personally, it would inevitably raise the popularity of this matter to another level. In the end, the attention of the movie was increased many times, which proved that his blackmailing plan had been very successful.

However, Li Mu did not want to just give Harvey a false alarm. He wanted to take this opportunity to give him a huge blow.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to take this opportunity to give Harvey another painful blow. At the same time, he could also divert the attention of the public and temporarily isolate himself from it.

Immediately, Li Mu instructed Zhao Kang to continue the second round of attacks on Harvey.

Just as Harvey was waiting for Li Mu's response, some new voices appeared on the North American Internet, and the information conveyed by these new voices caused the entire North American netizens to completely explode.

These voices said that Harvey had used his influence in Hollywood and his ability to control the Oscars to sexually assault a large number of Hollywood actresses for more than ten years. Among them, there were some A-list actresses who were familiar to the North American audience. Many well-known Hollywood bigwigs were also very familiar with Harvey's actions, and some even assisted him in his crimes.

Although the informant did not identify the identity of any of the women who had been assaulted, the informant insisted that he had collected a lot of evidence over the past ten years, including not only the list of actresses in the double digits, but also the names of many big names in the industry. If Harvey was still so arrogant, he would immediately release this evidence.

At the end of the expose, the person imitated Harvey's method of shouting at Li Mu, shouting at Harvey, "Harvey, you always talk about faith and God. Then do you dare to use your faith to swear to God? Swear that you've never sexually assaulted a female Hollywood star, swear that everything I've said is false?!"

In fact, Li Mu did not have any direct evidence of Harvey's affairs, but as someone who had been reborn, he was very clear about Harvey's scandals, so he did not need any evidence to hammer Harvey.

As soon as this news was released, it immediately caused an uproar in North America. In fact, there were already many rumors about Harvey and female celebrities in North America, but because Harvey did a good job in public relations and controlled the public opinion very well, these rumors did not have much impact. But this time was different. Before this, Zhao Kang's first wave of Internet Water Army had already given Harvey a lot of attention, and Harvey had just taken the initiative to raise his attention to a higher level. So when this news was released, almost all the netizens in North America began to pay attention to Harvey's case.

And when Harvey saw these revelations, it was as if all the strength had been sucked out of him in an instant, and he slumped into his office chair.

Only the people involved knew whether the rumors were true or not.

The reason why he dared to shout at Li Mu before was because he knew that the comments about himself and Zombie-Master were all false.