Chapter 791

When the plane of Li Mu's family of three and Song Liang landed in Jinling, Su Weimin led several plainclothes criminal police of Haizhou and waited at the exit of the covered bridge where the plane was parked.

One of the biggest benefits of first-class passengers was that they could get off the plane in advance. When the economy-class passengers were still packing their luggage, the flight attendants had begun to guard the economy-class passage as usual. They would let the economy-class passengers go after the first-class passengers got off the plane.

Li Mu's family did not have much carry-on luggage. Papa Lee and Li Ma each had a 28-inch suitcase, which had been checked in. Before boarding the plane in Yan Jing, Song Liang had arranged for his assistant, Chen Fang, to pick up the luggage for Papa Lee and Li Ma after getting off the plane. He and Li Mu's family of three would go straight out of the airport. There was a car waiting outside, so everyone would go straight back to Haizhou.

Among the three bodyguards of Li Mu, only Wang Yuanlang was on the same flight as him. The other two had already taken an earlier flight to Jinling and picked up a car specially booked from a car rental company at the airport. The three bodyguards specially hired by Li Mu for Papa Lee and Li Ma were the same. Only one accompanied them, and the other two arrived first, ready to pick them up.

As soon as the door of the plane opened, Li Mu, his parents, Song Liang, Chen Fang, and two bodyguards immediately got off the plane. Li Mu wore a mask and a cap, which covered him quite well, so he was not worried about being recognized.

Unexpectedly, as soon as Li Mu walked out of the covered bridge, Su Weimin immediately came up with several plainclothes criminal police. He was here to pick up Li Mu, so he naturally recognized Li Mu at a glance. When he stepped forward to talk to Li Mu, Wang Yuanlang stepped forward and suddenly stood between him and Li Mu. Looking at his posture, it seemed that he was ready to fight at any time.

In addition to Su Weimin, there was also Lin Yufei, the vice president of Wan Ying Haizhou, who was also Song Liang's confidant who was left behind to take charge of the entire Haizhou business.

When Li Mu saw Su Weimin, he asked in surprise, "Uncle Su, why are you here?"

Su Weimin smiled awkwardly and said very politely, "Nice to meet you, Li Zong. I was entrusted by Secretary Ding of the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee to bring the most elite team of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau to the airport to welcome you and escort you and your family back to Haizhou safely. Secretary Ding originally wanted to pick you up in person, but he had a very important meeting this morning and couldn't leave, so he asked me to convey his apology to you."

After that, Su Weimin turned to nod at Li Mu's parents and said, "Hello, Mr. Lee, Ms. Xiao."

Li Mu's parents had met Su Weimin before. Some time ago, they heard from Li Mu that he was now in a relationship with Su Weimin's daughter, Su Yingxue, so they greeted Su Weimin very politely.

Li Mu was a little confused. Su Weimin's appearance surprised him. First of all, he didn't expect the Haizhou Municipal Government to arrange a pick-up. Second, he didn't expect the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau to escort his family. What was more, he didn't expect that Su Weimin would personally come from Haizhou to meet him.

After all, Su Weimin was Su Yingxue's parent. Li Mu couldn't accept this kind of unimaginable treatment with peace of mind. It could even be said that even if the Secretary of the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee came, it would be easier for him to accept it than Su Weimin.

However, there was no other way. Su Weimin was here now, so Li Mu could only bite the bullet and say to Su Weimin with a little embarrassment, "Thank you, Uncle Su."

Su Weimin smiled and said, "Not at all. This is a task I have to complete."

While talking, Wang Yuanlang looked at the time and said to Li Mu, "Let's go quickly. There will be a large number of passengers getting off the plane soon."

Before Li Mu could speak, Su Weimin reacted first and said to Li Mu, "Then let's go first. The motorcade of the Municipal Public Security Bureau is outside. We have already met up with Wanying's motorcade. This time, the Municipal Public Security Bureau has sent 24 experienced frontline police officers. They will do their best to protect your safety."

Li Mu had no choice but to nod and thank him again.

Then he quickly walked out of the airport with everyone.

As soon as they got out of the airport, Lin Yufei, who was walking quickly in front, quickly led a group of people to the Toyota Coaster. When the door opened, Lin Yufei immediately flashed to the side of the door and respectfully said to Song Liang and Li Mu, "Manager Song, Li Zong, please get in the car."

Song Liang said to Li Mu's parents, "Uncle and Auntie, you two go first. Find a seat."

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't refuse and got in the car first. Song Liang said in Li Mu's ear, "Why don't you invite Director Su to this car? After all, you and his daughter …"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and nodded gently. Then he turned to Su Weimin and said, "Uncle Su, why don't you also take this car?"

Su Weimin hurriedly waved his hand and said, "I have to coordinate with my men and the motorcade. It's noisy on the walkie-talkie. I won't bother you. Hurry up and get in the car first. I'll take the car in front."

Li Mu said, "Anyway, it's only a two-hour drive. You don't have to be polite."

Su Weimin instinctively wanted to refuse, but on second thought, this was also a good opportunity to get to know Li Mu closely. So after a moment of hesitation, he agreed and said, "Okay, then I'll respectfully accept."

Su Weimin, Li Mu, and Song Liang all got in the Toyota Coaster. The driver closed the door, and the two Wanying Real Estate cars in front turned left. Benz, who was at the front, had already driven out.

Li Mu and Song Liang sat in the double seat in the first row. Su Weimin sat alone in the single seat in the first row. At the same time, he picked up the walkie-talkie and said, "All units, pay attention. Follow the motorcade according to the predetermined plan. Remember your position in each car. Don't make any mistakes."

A reply immediately came from the walkie-talkie, "01 understands."

Then, "02 understands, 03 understands …"

After all six cars replied, Su Weimin was relieved. Six cars escorted Li Mu out of Jinling, and there were two police cars waiting at the border of Jinling on the outskirts of the city. There were a total of eight cars. They would definitely be able to ensure Li Mu's personal safety.

After the motorcade drove out of the airport, Su Weimin adjusted his mentality and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, we'll arrive in Haizhou at about one o 'clock in the afternoon. Secretary Ding wants to have a meal in the cafeteria of the municipal government first, and then go to the conference room to discuss business. What do you think?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Uncle Su, you don't have to be so polite with me. Just call me by my name."

Su Weimin said, "How is that appropriate? You are the number one guest of the Haizhou municipal government."

But in his heart, he said, "You brat, do you think I want to call you Li Zong?"

Li Mu didn't know what Su Weimin was thinking, but Li Mu kept calling him Li Zong, so he really couldn't understand Su Weimin's straightforward way of addressing him. So, Li Mu said, "I'm not a guest of honor. I just came back because of a small matter."

Su Weimin nodded. "We welcome Li Zong back to Haizhou at any time to promote the economic development of our hometown."

Li Mu didn't expect that Su Weimin would communicate with him in such a business-like manner, so he simply brought out Su Yingxue to ease the awkward atmosphere. He asked him in a low voice, "Uncle Su, how is Yingxue doing at home recently?"

Su Weimin was a little embarrassed, but he couldn't refuse to answer. He could only nod and say, "She's fine."

Li Mu nodded and didn't speak again. After a moment, Su Weimin added in a low voice, "Call her when you have time."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I know. Don't worry."

Su Weimin's expression was a lot more relaxed than before, but he didn't continue to communicate with Li Mu on this topic. Instead, he picked up the walkie-talkie and whispered, "All vehicles maintain their positions."

Seeing Su Weimin's unnatural look, Li Mu knew that Su Weimin deliberately wanted to stop talking with him, so he didn't say anything more. He lay down and closed his eyes to rest, all the way to Haizhou.

The cafeteria of the Haizhou Municipal Government usually served lunch from 11: 30 am until 12: 30 pm. In addition to the dining hall that could accommodate hundreds of people, there were also several exquisitely decorated private rooms. There were two main purposes for the cafeteria. They were either for important receptions or reserved for leaders.

While Ding Sicheng arranged for the canteen to prepare a sumptuous lunch, he had been waiting in the office with the core leaders of the municipal party, constantly asking about the location of Su Weimin's motorcade. After Su Weimin reported that Li Mu's car had passed South Twenty-Lipu, Ding Sicheng and the leaders waited in the square in front of the municipal government building.

At one o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu's Coaster drove directly through the gate of the municipal government with two police cars, heading straight for the municipal government building.

Before the car stopped, Li Mu saw seven or eight people standing side by side in front of the stairs in front of him. As soon as the car stopped, Su Weimin jumped out first and stood to one side. Li Mu helped his parents get out of the car one after another. When he got out of the car, Ding Sicheng and the core leaders had already shook hands with his parents and greeted them.

In the past year, Li Mu's parents had opened a clothing store in Haizhou, and they had made a name for themselves. They could be regarded as a relatively successful and brilliant example in the business world of Haizhou. Ding Sicheng had a detailed understanding of the situation of Li Mu's parents, so he asked about the current business situation of Li Mu's parents and promised that if they encountered any difficulties, they could ask him for help first.

Papa Lee and Li Ma naturally agreed gratefully. When Li Mu also got out of the car, Ding Sicheng took the initiative to come forward and shook hands with Li Mu enthusiastically. He said with a little excitement, "Li Zong, I've known you for so long. I finally see you in Haizhou today!

I'm sorry that I couldn't go to the airport to meet you in person. Please forgive me. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Secretary Ding, you're too polite!"

After that, Li Mu glanced at Su Weimin, who was standing beside him, and said to Ding Sicheng, "I didn't expect that Secretary Ding would ask Uncle Su to meet me at the airport in person today. As a junior, I'm really flattered …"