Chapter 1472

In the end, Larry Page didn't get to meet with Li Mu.

He felt like he had been hurt by Li Mu. The feeling of being ignored by Li Mu really hurt his self-esteem.

However, if Larry Page knew that Li Mu's return to China was completely influenced by him, he might feel a little relieved.

When Li Mu left the United States, the privatization of Apple had come to an end. Cook had already reported to Makino Technology's Silicon Valley branch with his management team in advance to complete the integration of the Apple team in Makino Technology with Lin Ching-ah.

Li Mu's chartered plane flew directly to Jinling. He sent Su Yingxue back to Haizhou for the summer vacation and rested at home for two days.

Two days later, Li Mu flew back to Yanjing in a hurry. At present, Li Mu still had three projects related to culture and entertainment waiting for him in Yanjing. The first one was the draft of the first phase of the Gubei Water Town project, which needed to be reviewed by Li Mu in person. The aerial survey map of the site of the film and television base had also been completed. According to Li Mu's instructions, Wei Lan brought her team to draw up a preliminary plan. She also needed to wait for Li Mu's review before communicating with the municipal governments of the three cities respectively. In addition to these two projects, "Life Longing for" had already started shooting in Miyun. Because Li Mu had promised to be a guest for one episode, the program team had been waiting for Li Mu's time.

The Yanjing municipal government had been waiting to communicate with Wanying Real Estate about the follow-up work of the Gubei Water Town project. For the municipal government, they were very willing to start and land the project as soon as possible, and they also hoped to be more involved in the largest cultural tourism project in the history of Yanjing.

Since Li Mu proposed the Gubei Water Town project, the Yanjing municipal government and the local government of Miyun paid special attention to this project. Although Yanjing was a famous cultural tourism city, the foundation of cultural tourism was tourism development around the scenic spots and historical sites. The 5A scenic spots were the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, the royal gardens, the mausoleums, and the royal palaces. The pure commercial tourism development was still in a very early stage of cautious exploration.

The experience of overseas developed countries had long identified an important premise of tourism economy: to develop a large-scale and healthy tourism economy, one could not rely solely on the scenic spots and historical sites. Otherwise, there would be too many limitations.

The surrounding Hong Kong, Japan, and South Korea were all good examples to learn from. Hong Kong did not have many unique tourism resources, but it was still able to manage Hong Kong into one of the largest tourism cities in Asia. The natural tourism resources of Japan and South Korea were not as good as those of Hua Xia, but they could always create a more prosperous tourism market. When foreigners came to Hua Xia to travel, they would always go to the scenic spots and historical sites. Hua Xia was rich in resources and had a long history. When people from Hua Xia traveled abroad, they always plunged into the streets and alleys of overseas cities, restaurants, shops, hotels, shopping malls, Disneyland amusement parks, safari parks, and all kinds of theme parks, artificial culture, and amusement centers.

This was the development trend of the tourism market in developed countries. Was there a lack of natural tourism resources?

It didn't matter. A few billion invested in a theme park, coupled with an efficient and high-quality operation method, could drive the tourism industry of a city. Even planting cherry trees everywhere in Japan could attract tourists from all over the world to flock to Japan in March and April every year. This was the power of cultural tourism.

As the capital, the political and cultural center, and one of the largest tourist cities in the Mainland, Yan Jing aspired to become the leader of the domestic cultural tourism industry. The Gubeishui Town project happened to be a dream start.

Therefore, shortly after returning to Yan Jing, Li Mu came to the municipal government with two plans. One was to report on the Gubeishui Town project, and the other was to test the direction of the film and television base project.

As an outstanding private entrepreneur of Yan Jing City and even the whole of Hua Xia, the leaders of the various departments of the Yan Jing Municipal Party Committee attached great importance to this meeting, so they organized a forum. In addition to the leaders of the Yan Jing Municipal Party Committee, all the people in charge of the departments of culture, tourism, publicity, and urban construction were gathered. In addition to listening to Li Mu's report on the draft of the Gubeishui Town project, they also hoped to carry out the discussion of the development of cultural tourism projects through this project.

Li Mu came to the meeting with the PowerPoint and showed the overall plan of the Gubeishui Town project at the meeting.

The overlooking rendering of the Gubeishui Town project was projected on a huge screen through a projector. Li Mu explained to the leaders of the various departments present, "The overall plan of the Gubeishui Town is to build an antique town in the north of our country, with mountains and rivers on one side. The overall architectural style and historical settings are based on the Ming and Qing Dynasties. Our current plan is to build an ancient town with perfect functions in the Gubeishui Town project, just like our cities today. Modern cities have residential houses, shops, government agencies, and public facilities, and the same is true for ancient cities.

Therefore, leaders, you can see our overlooking rendering and floor plan. We have planned and designed various types of residential houses, county government offices, prisons, academies, squares, stages, memorial homes, and other government agencies and public facilities for the ancient town. We have also planned escort agencies, banks, pharmacies, restaurants, inns, dyers, wineries, blacksmiths, and other commercial facilities. In addition to these facilities for display and visit, we will also build a number of shops, restaurants, and hotels for actual operation in the entire project. However, most of them will be built in the style of antique architecture. In the future, it will also be very convenient for tourists to experience the ancient customs in this kind of characteristic tourism.

The whole town is crossed by two waterways and divided into three major areas, namely, the tourist area, the shopping area, and the dining and accommodation area. The three major areas are connected by stone roads with small bridges and flowing water. It will be very convenient for tourists to walk, take a boat, or take a ferry in the scenic area.

For each of our buildings, we will invite the most professional ancient architecture scholars to act as consultants for us and strive to restore the style and style of the ancient buildings of the Ming and Qing Dynasties to the greatest extent. Each of our performances will also fully follow the historical and cultural heritage. While making the tourists feel fresh, we will also pass on the history and culture of Hua Xia to them. In a real sense, we will achieve the core goal of cultural tourism. "

After saying all this, most of the leaders had already understood the concept and core goal of the Gubeishui Town project. A leader of the cultural department asked Li Mu curiously, "Li Zong, I am very interested in the performance you mentioned just now. I wonder what kind of form the performance you mentioned will be presented to the tourists?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Hello, leader. Let me first introduce our motive for planning the performance project. This motive is to fully realize the goal and determination of our project in cultural heritage. Therefore, we hope to promote our historical and cultural heritage to the tourists through the performance."

After saying that, Li Mu said again, "As for the form of the performance, in the future, we will support a number of special cultural performance projects in the scenic area according to the different hardware. For example, our stage will invite professional opera performing artists to regularly perform a variety of local operas of Hua Xia, including Peking Opera, Henan Opera, Huangmei Opera, and so on.

We will also invite professional teams to create a sitcom based on the scenes such as the county government, the escort agency, the restaurant, and the inn, to popularize the operation of these institutions in ancient times, as well as the culture and wisdom contained in them, to the tourists. Such performances will also be performed regularly in the scenic area for the tourists. "

The leader was very interested and asked, "Can you give us a specific introduction to the sitcom you are planning?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This kind of performance will be performed in the form of a sitcom, and we will also design different scripts according to the different scenes. For example, we will set up a Tongfu Inn. This inn will completely refer to the structure and planning of ancient inns, and we will invite professional actors to restore the real scenes in the ancient inns. It can be humorous, can show the way of life of ancient people to the audience, and can also convey some positive energy to the audience through some ingenious short stories.

Another example is that we have planned an academy in the ancient town, so our planning team is going to create a series of sitcoms in the future academy in the ancient town, to restore the scene of ancient students reading to the tourists, and at the same time, to convey the ancient culture and wisdom of Hua Xia to the tourists. For example, the main scene of the performance is an ancient teacher teaching his disciples the Four Books and Five Classics. We will not just go through the motions, but will promote our history and culture in the performance.

For this reason, we have reached an agreement with several of the best professors of ancient Chinese in the country. In the next few years, they will select the contents of the Four Books and Five Classics with the most wisdom of life and education, and will use modern methods to make a new interpretation, and then integrate it into our script. In this way, every visitor will be able to have a deeper understanding of Hua Xia culture after the visit, and enhance everyone's sense of responsibility for cultural heritage. Unlike many scenic spots, which are just empty shelves for the audience to take a quick look and take photos. "

Li Mu had been to many ancient towns in his previous life, but these ancient towns in the name of cultural tourism basically had no sense of responsibility for cultural heritage. They were all relentless pursuit of commercial interests. As a result, all the ancient towns in the country told the same story, sold the same goods, and promoted the same selling point. Some ancient towns even used love encounters as the biggest slogan in the country for commercial interests. All the ancient towns were essentially gathering places for restaurants, bars, and lodging industries, as well as large-scale retail outlets for Yiwu small goods.

Therefore, when planning the Gubeishui Town project, Li Mu hoped to set an example for cultural tourism projects in the country. Cultural tourism was not about making money in the name of culture, but about not forgetting the responsibility of cultural heritage when exploring excellent business models, and to convey the real history and culture of Hua Xia to the tourists.

The planning of the Academy's sitcom made the leaders of the Education Department and the Cultural Department excited. The person in charge of the Education Department said excitedly, "If this is the case, then we can have in-depth cooperation with the scenic spots in the future, and regularly organize primary and middle school students to receive historical and cultural education in the scenic spots. I believe that children will also be very interested in such an educational and entertaining way."

Li Mu nodded and said, "We have also set a small goal internally. We will hold at least six large-scale historical and cultural exhibitions in the scenic spots every year, such as exhibitions of cultural relics, calligraphy, and paintings. These are very suitable for historical and cultural education for primary and middle school students."