Chapter 185

Su Yingxue had heard many confessions and promises, but none of them could be compared with what Li Mu had just said.

Li Mu had lived two lives and had seen many beautiful girls, but none of them could make him forget Su Yingxue in his heart. She was like a lighthouse in his ocean of emotions, guiding him in the lonely boat far away. Even if he could not reach the shore repeatedly, he would always look at it and see its light in the darkness.

Whether it was feelings or a knot in his heart, Li Mu said what he had never dared to say tonight. Thinking back to the love letters that he had written to Su Yingxue in his youth but could not be sent, and the confessions that he had written and deleted in the QQ dialog box but had never clicked send, tonight he had taken the first step that he had never taken in his previous life.

As for Su Yingxue, she had always been amazed that Li Mu could control the scale so well. He did not directly put out a question of consent or disapproval for her to choose, but just released a signal. This signal did not mention any words that he liked her, but it was full of this signal.

Perhaps Li Mu also wanted to leave a little buffer and space for himself to gradually promote the relationship between them in the future.

All of a sudden, Su Yingxue felt that her dull university life was suddenly filled with unusual expectations.

There was still a long time in the future. She would at least stay with Li Mu on this campus for more than three years, so the future was still very long.

Su Yingxue had always felt that some things were not better the more intense, but should be just right. The deep words should be said in a shallow way, and the long road should be walked slowly, so that they could go further.

That night, she accompanied Li Mu to drink on the rooftop until 12 o 'clock. Fortunately, she was wearing Li Mu's coat, so she did not feel a trace of coldness on the rooftop. Li Mu was strong, and the cold wind was not as good as mosquito bites.

It was late at night, and they could not go back to the dormitory. Su Yingxue could not help but worry about tonight. Although Li Mu drank a little, he did not take advantage of her and make improper requests. The house he rented had three bedrooms, one of which was fully furnished, the other had a computer, and the last one had a bed and a mattress. Li Mu let Su Yingxue sleep in the master bedroom, and he slept on the mattress in the side bedroom with his clothes on.

Su Yingxue hesitated a little and agreed.

In fact, the bed in Li Mu's master bedroom was big enough. It was 1.8 meters wide. If two people slept respectfully for a night, it was not a problem. Of course, this was only for Li Mu. She believed in Li Mu's character, and she also believed in his respect for her.

However, if this kind of request was made by Li Mu, she could say yes. But to let a girl like her say such words, she felt that she could not say it. Even if she said it, she was afraid that it would convey the wrong meaning.

So she could only watch Li Mu go to the side bedroom without bedding to rest, and she lay on the bed that Li Mu occasionally slept on, feeling the faint smell left by him.

…

The next day, Su Yingxue got up early. Originally, she was supposed to go to her aunt's house last night, but because of the unexpected incident, she told her aunt that she had a classmate gathering in the evening and would go this morning.

After getting up, she gently pushed open the door of the side bedroom. Seeing that Li Mu was still sleeping soundly on the bed with his clothes on, she quietly carried the quilt over and covered him.

Li Mu did not wake up. Although the alcohol last night did not make him drunk, it played a very good sleeping effect.

Su Yingxue left, and Li Mu was still sleeping soundly. He was having a dream in his mind. In the dream, Su Yingxue became his girlfriend, but she repeatedly rejected his request to break through the last level. In the dream, the annoyed Li Mu was worrying about his identity as a virgin in this life, but the next scene, he was holding Zhao Ziqiu and rolling on the bed.

Li Mu was about to have a happy sprint with Zhao Ziqiu when his phone rang, waking him up from his dream.

After waking up, Li Mu shuddered and looked at his phone. It was Sun Jian. He remembered that Sun Tan was still in the emergency room last night, and Sun Jian should have gotten the latest news.

After picking up the call, Sun Jian said, "Sun Tan is out of danger. Wu Shuai's two stabs weren't deep. I heard that one of them injured the kidney capsule, and the other injured the intestines, but it's not a big deal."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's fine as long as it's not life-threatening. Let the two families deal with the rest."

Wu Shuai maliciously injured someone and used a knife. In addition, Sun Tan's family had some connections in Beijing, so he would probably be sentenced to at least a few years in prison. As for Sun Tan, he hoped that Wu Shuai's two stabs would teach him to keep a low profile in the future.

Thinking that Chen Wan would be arriving today, Li Mu looked up the flight number she sent. The plane would arrive at Beijing International Airport around 5: 30 PM. She would be going to Hua Xia Central Television and Beijing Television Station for an interview, so he had to find her a hotel with a convenient location and the conditions were up to standard.

Li Mu took a quick shower. When he came out, it was almost 11 PM. He turned on his computer and looked at the data of the 3321 auctions this week. Out of the five thousand certified university students, there were already more than four thousand and seven hundred people who had received a bid.

As long as they received a bid, the auction would definitely be successful. Therefore, in the second week of the 3321's official launch, it still maintained a high closing rate of 95%. This made Li Mu feel very gratified. A project could allow five thousand university students to find a part-time job and solve their tuition and living expenses problems. If this week's average price could be maintained at around 30 RMB per hour, then this week's income for the students would reach two to three million RMB. The scale of this fund would far exceed any university's scholarships and scholarships for poor students.

Tan Yaocheng was also paying attention to the 3321's data this week. Although he didn't have the actual statistics, he had casually looked at the bids from a group of students and calculated an average probability. He conservatively estimated that this 3321's closing rate would definitely be above 90%. Five thousand students, above 90%. 3321 was going to defy the heavens!

Coincidentally, the subordinate in charge of following up on Baidu's sponsorship of the 3321 project called. The supplier had already prepared a hundred computers, office desks, network switches, and other equipment for 3321. They could be installed and debugged at any time.

Tan Yaocheng then gave Li Mu a call and said cheerfully, "Brother, everything you asked for is here. When are you going to the National People's Congress to install it for you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's better to be early than late. How about this afternoon?"

Tan Yaocheng asked, "Are you free in the afternoon?"

Li Mu said, "Do I need to be there to install all this?

Can't we just install it at the venue? "

Tan Yaocheng smiled and said, "You must be there. If you're not there, I won't give you anything!"

"Why?" Li Mu was a little surprised.

Tan Yaocheng said, "Brother, we've provided more than a million RMB to 3321. You can't just let us throw this money away without saying a word, right?

No matter what, we have to get some social benefits. When the time comes, we'll definitely have to invite some reporters. We'll also have a simple small ceremony to promote it. "

Li Mu understood.

What Tan Yaocheng wanted was nothing more than the reputation of Baidu's generous sponsorship of 3321. If the deal for 3321 this week was settled, there would probably be another wave of media reports. At this time, Baidu just happened to send a hundred computers and all kinds of office equipment. This large amount of money, coupled with the hot news that 3321 was about to receive, would be a great help for the brand of Baidu to build up its influence in society. It was possible that this time, the whole nation would remember Baidu and remember their strong support for 3321 as a public service project.

After all, it was all part of the deal. Li Mu understood and said, "Then how about this, CEO Tan. In the afternoon, get someone to arrange for the computers and other equipment to be installed at the venue. Get the reporters to follow along and take some footage of the installation. I'll be free before four in the afternoon. At that time, I can get the reporters to arrange for an interview. I'll go make a banner later. If we're going to do this, let's make it more formal."

Tan Yaocheng immediately smiled and said, "You don't have to worry about this. We've already prepared the banner here. The content is also factual. It's just a ceremony for Baidu to donate office equipment to 3321."

Li Mu said straightforwardly, "Then that's fine. We'll do as you say. Is there any problem today?"

Tan Yaocheng smiled and said, "If it's the installation, it probably won't be completed in the afternoon. Get the workers to work overtime, and it should be done by night. But you just need to show your face and accept an interview. Find a few trustworthy people to supervise the installation. Our company will also leave a few hardware engineers to supervise the installation."

"Okay."

…

At noon, the final number of people who had completed the transaction for 3321 had reached 4,825. Li Mu immediately contacted Dong Ai and told her that the next two hours would be the centralized payment period. He wanted her to bring some people to verify the payment information. After two o 'clock, she had to arrange for people to quickly complete the verification of the employers' information. Among these 4,825 people, besides the previous batch of employers that had already been verified, there were at least more than 3,000 employers that had to be verified before tonight.

Dong Ai agreed without hesitation and promised that she would get everything done before tonight.

Dong Ai was very good at doing things, and her influence in the school was extraordinary. Last time, when she certified more than 3,500 students, her leadership speed was even faster than when Li Mu led the team. In terms of manpower and coordination of tasks, she was better than Li Mu.

Right now, in addition to getting Dong Ai to verify the information of this week's new employers as soon as possible, Li Mu had another very important thing to do. That was, the more than 1,000 students who had auctioned their classes last week had basically completed their classes, and 3321 had to pay them.

Without an online payment platform, the disadvantages were immediately reflected. Not only was it troublesome for the buyers to pay, but it was also troublesome to verify the payment information. Moreover, it was also troublesome for the students who provided tutoring services to withdraw their income. At the very least, there had to be professionals to transfer money to them one by one. The efficiency was too low. If there was an online payment platform, all the processes would become much simpler.