Chapter 793

Su Weimin completely lost interest in the ongoing dinner as he thought about it. His mind was filled with the ins and outs of last summer's incident.

Li Mu's parents were workers at Xiling Coal Mine, and Guo Lin was the mine manager. This in itself created the possibility of a conflict of interest. From a criminal investigation point of view, these two clues already had the possibility of connecting the dots.

Guo Lin was a mistress, corrupt, and had a close relationship with Wu Dong. Wu Dong killed someone in a hit-and-run accident, and it was said that Guo Lin was also in the car at the time. These crucial clues were first exposed on the internet. Guo Lin was exposed first, followed by Wu Dong. According to the timeline, it could be seen that Wu Dong was exposed because someone wanted to mess with Guo Lin. Guo Lin was just an unlucky bastard who was used as a tool because he had a shady deal with Guo Lin.

At that time, the Municipal Bureau Chief Du Cheng and Su Weimin were very curious about the power that exposed Guo Lin and Wu Dong. However, the reason why they did not investigate further was that the Municipal Bureau did not have the experience and ability to investigate on the internet. On the other hand, the power was too mysterious and powerful. Even they did not dare to provoke them.

Now that he thought about it, the only person who could be so familiar with the internet was none other than Li Mu. He could create such a big career in a year and was called the Internet's pride by the Central Television. Messing with Guo Lin and Wu Dong on the internet must have been a piece of cake for him.

After thinking about it, Su Weimin was already certain that it was all Li Mu's doing. There was no other possibility.

Su Weimin's heart sank when he came to this conclusion. He would never have dreamed that he could climb to where he was today because of Li Mu.

If Li Mu had not targeted Guo Lin, Wu Dong would not have been implicated. Li Jiawei's downfall had nothing to do with Guo Lin. The main reason was that he had accepted Wu Dong's money to help Wu Dong hide the evidence of the accident, which was discovered by Du Cheng. After that, Du Cheng decided to overthrow Li Jiawei before he left and help Su Weimin rise to power.

Su Weimin had clearly realized that if it weren't for Li Mu, he wouldn't have been able to become the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau. As early as a year ago, Li Mu had already helped him climb through the official journey, which would have taken him more than ten years to climb.

…

After lunch, Li Mu's parents went home first, accompanied by the Deputy Director of the Municipal Bureau. Li Mu was invited to a conference room in the Municipal Committee Office Building to have an internal discussion with Ding Sicheng, the leaders of civil affairs, industry and commerce, and taxation. Originally, Su Weimin was not scheduled to attend the meeting, but Ding Sicheng asked him to stay at the last minute and asked him to attend.

Nominally, Li Mu came back to donate money to the lonely elderly in Haizhou City. But in fact, he wanted to take this opportunity to contact the Hai Zhou Municipal Committee and find a good solution for his parents' safety and convenience in Haizhou.

At the beginning of the meeting, Li Mu first brought up the matter of donation and said to Ding Sicheng, "Secretary Ding, my parents were born and raised in Haizhou City, and they have deep feelings for Haizhou City. Originally, I hoped that they could settle down in Yan Jing with me, but they decided to stay in Haizhou because of their feelings for Haizhou City.

Besides, they have always wanted to contribute to Haizhou City as much as they can, especially to donate a sum of money to the lonely elderly in Haizhou City to solve the basic living and pension problems of the lonely elderly. "

Ding Sicheng thought that Li Mu wanted to donate money to the lonely elderly in his own name, but he didn't expect that he wanted to do it in the name of his parents. So he followed Li Mu's words and praised, "Li Zong's parents really have a great sense of social responsibility."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "They do have a strong sense of social responsibility. But now they are going to contract the renovation of our department store, which will take up a lot of funds. So I will donate money to the lonely elderly in Haizhou City on behalf of them."

Ding Sicheng nodded in understanding. His heart was like a mirror. Li Mu first said that his parents wanted to donate money, and then he mentioned that his parents wanted to contract the renovation of the department store. In fact, he wanted to express that he hoped the municipal government would pay more attention to his parents' affairs in Haizhou City.

Li Mu then said, "The total amount of the donation is tentatively set at 10 million yuan, which will be used to improve the lives of the lonely elderly in Haizhou City. I hope the municipal civil affairs department can set up a special fund, which will be supervised by special personnel and used for special purposes to ensure that the money can be used where it is needed."

Ding Sicheng said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. The municipal government will personally supervise this matter."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "That's good. I'm personally relieved that the leaders of the municipal government will help to supervise it."

Then, Li Mu said, "In addition, because I may be away for a long time, I can't take care of my parents in Haizhou City. I'm most worried about the safety of my parents, so I hope that the leaders can spend more effort to ensure the safety of my parents. I will be more at ease when I'm away."

Ding Sicheng had long guessed that Li Mu must have come back for the safety of his parents, so he immediately said, "Li Zong, we have discussed this before. The Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau is naturally responsible for the safety of your parents. In the future, we will send the most experienced and outstanding police officers to protect your parents' personal safety 24 hours a day."

Upon hearing this, Li Mu immediately thanked him. "Thank you so much, Secretary Ding."

Then, Li Mu looked at Su Weimin and said with a smile, "Uncle Su, I'll have to trouble you and the police officers of the Municipal Public Security Bureau to help with this matter in the future."

Su Weimin nodded awkwardly and said, "I'll arrange for someone to take charge. Please rest assured."

Li Mu said, "Since the Municipal Public Security Bureau has to invest extra special police forces to protect my parents' safety, I'm willing to donate 20 police cars to the Municipal Public Security Bureau every year for the next five years, a total of 100 police cars, as compensation for the use of police resources."

Ding Sicheng hurriedly said, "Li Zong, you are the pride of the people of Haizhou City. The safety of your parents is the unshirkable responsibility of the Haizhou Municipal Government and the Haizhou Public Security Bureau. How can you say that it's a waste of police resources?"

Li Mu said, "The police resources belong to the citizens of Haizhou City. Although I have my own reasons and reasons for fighting for special treatment for my parents, it's also an objective fact that I've occupied the citizens' police resources. Therefore, I'm donating 20 police cars to make up for the police resources I've wasted, and to ensure that the rights and interests of the citizens will not be infringed upon."

Li Mu didn't want someone to make an issue of him on a tabloid or a small website one day, saying that he had privately transferred the police resources of Haizhou City for the safety of his parents. Therefore, Li Mu had to be prepared in advance. It was difficult to hide the fact that he had asked the Haizhou Municipal Government and the Municipal Public Security Bureau to protect his parents' safety, so he might as well be frank and use other means to shut people's mouths.

If he donated police cars, Li Mu wasn't afraid that anyone would make a fuss about it. It's true that I've borrowed part of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau's police force, but I'm not using it for nothing. The popularity of police cars is not high enough, and the mobility of the Municipal Public Security Bureau's police force is poor. In the future, I'll spend three to five million yuan to sponsor 20 police cars for the Municipal Public Security Bureau. With more cars, the efficiency of the police force will be higher, which means that I'm indirectly making up for the inefficiency of the transferred police force.

Is there anything unreasonable about this? After hearing this, Su Weimin was also very excited. The overall number of police cars in the Municipal Public Security Bureau was small, and most of them were old models with a range of more than 100,000 kilometers. They were on duty for half a month and in the garage for the remaining half a month.

In such an environment, it was relatively difficult for the entire Municipal Public Security Bureau to quickly mobilize the police force, and the ability to respond to emergencies was also greatly limited. The number of police cars was insufficient, and the number of police cars on routine patrol in the urban area was generally low. With fewer police cars on patrol, the crime rate would also increase. Cases of fighting and petty theft had been on the rise.

When Su Weimin took office, he hoped that the municipal government could add more police cars to the Municipal Public Security Bureau, but the conclusion he got every time was one word: No money.

With economic development as the core guiding ideology, the limited funds of the municipal government had also been invested in economic development, and there was no extra money for the Municipal Public Security Bureau.

Su Weimin had hoped many times that if he could have ten more police cars in a small city like Haizhou and put all of them into street patrols, the security of the entire Haizhou would definitely improve a lot. However, every time he applied, the Municipal Public Security Bureau rejected his application. The reason was that he believed that the Municipal Public Security Bureau could overcome the current lack of patrol cars. The municipal government's budget was not much, and at the moment, efforts to develop the economy were the top priority.

Seeing that the municipal government did not approve the budget, Su Weimin took the initiative to ask the Provincial Department for help. However, he did not expect the Provincial Department's reply to be: At present, there was one provincial capital city, twelve prefecture-level cities, and twenty-two county-level cities in Nansu Province. Even the Provincial Department did not have enough police cars in Jinling, so how could they take care of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau?

However, what Su Weimin did not expect was that as soon as Li Mu opened his mouth, he directly promised to donate twenty police cars to the Municipal Public Security Bureau every year, which was at least three million yuan!

If this batch of police cars was really in place, the mobility of the Municipal Public Security Bureau would be greatly improved. Compared with the police force used to protect Li Mu's parents, the twenty police cars Li Mu promised to bring great convenience and efficiency to the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau every year. It was simply a super high return to the Municipal Public Security Bureau.

Ding Sicheng also did not expect that Li Mu would be so generous for the safety of his parents. Not to mention the money donated to the civil affairs system, 100 police cars in five years would be at least ten to twenty million yuan. He felt that his request was not to ask Li Mu to donate money, but to take the opportunity to establish a certain relationship with Li Mu and seek more favors and convenience in the future. Therefore, he said without hesitation, "Li Zong, protecting the safety of your parents is an unshirkable responsibility of the Haizhou Municipal Government. I believe that no one will have any objection to this, so there is no need for you to make any additional compensation."

Li Mu understood what Ding Sicheng meant. He did not want Li Mu to calculate so clearly, because Li Mu's method of taking one to make up for three would make the factor of favor seem extremely low. If he asked Li Mu to take one to make up for zero, or even two to make up for zero, the factor of favor would naturally be much higher.