Chapter 1247

When Wei Lan asked Li Mu about the movie "That Mountain, That Man, That Dog", Li Mu instantly understood what she meant.

Li Mu asked her, "Are you talking about this actor called Liu Ye?"

"Yes." Wei Lan nodded happily. "You know him?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I know him, I've watched this movie."

Thinking of Liu Ye, the one that left a deep impression on Li Mu was not him, but his pair of mixed-race children. At some point in time, Li Mu had watched a variety show called "Where Are We Going, Dad". In it, Liu Ye's children left a very good impression on him. But thinking about Liu Ye carefully, this actor was actually quite suitable for this role.

Liu Ye's acting skills were pretty good. Among the actors around his age, his acting skills could be considered top notch. Although he was not as good as Huang Bo's acting skills, his looks and aura were still better than Huang Bo's. Moreover, he had acted in a few war movies before, and the image of a soldier in those movies was quite good. Liu Ye's acting skills were quite good.

Thinking about it carefully, this actor Liu Ye seemed to really meet the requirements of Hua Xia's male lead in "Flying Tigers". His acting skills, looks, temperament, and feeling were all OK. But the only thing that Li Mu was not sure about was this actor's current state. If he were to play the male lead in "Flying Tigers" purely based on his feelings from "That Mountain, That Man, That Dog", he was still a little lacking and seemed a lot more immature.

Wei Lan thought that Li Mu felt that Liu Ye was not suitable, so she said, "Although this actor hasn't debuted for a long time, to be honest, I feel that his acting skills are very good. His temperament is also quite suitable. You can look at his other films. There's a movie that describes gay love that was very good. If you have time, you can watch it."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "The movie you're talking about is called" Lan Yu ", right?"

Wei Lan was surprised. "You've seen it before?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I've only heard of it, but I've never seen it. Besides, I don't like that theme."

Li Mu was actually a typical straight man. Although he didn't have any prejudice towards other people's sexual orientation, he himself was an out-and-out straight man. Therefore, he had no interest in this kind of gay romance movie. He didn't even have the courage to watch it. Let alone "Blue Universe", he had never even watched the famous "Brokeback Mountain".

Seeing the rejection in Li Mu's expression, Wei Lan smiled and said, "If you don't like this kind of movie, you can watch his new TV series. It's called 'What Can I Save You, My Lover'. It's Teacher Haiyan's work, and it just aired in January."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Looks like you pay a lot of attention to this actor."

Wei Lan nodded. "He's okay. I think he's a little better than other actors his age. I can't say I like him, but I think he's not bad."

Li Mu nodded. Looking at Liu Ye's overall qualifications, he really couldn't think of a more suitable actor than him.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "I'll think about it and make a backup plan first. When we return to Yanjing, we can meet him."

Wei Lan said, "If you really want him to play this role, you must first sign him to Makino Image. Not just him, but all the actors you decide to use Hua Xia, except for the extras, try to sign them all."

"Understood."

Li Mu said, "'Flying Tigers' has the potential to become a landmark in the domestic commercial film industry. The actors have to be signed in advance, so that they don't become someone else's wedding dress."

Wei Lan said, "Why don't we not delay in Shanghai and return to Yanjing first thing tomorrow morning?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and nodded lightly. "That's a good idea. There are still a lot of things to prepare when we return to Yanjing."

Then, Li Mu asked Wei Lan, "Do you want to buy a bigger house? It'll be more convenient for Uncle and Auntie to live together when they return to Yanjing."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "When my dad comes, let him buy it. He's much richer than me."

Li Mu nodded, then called Li Ziwei and asked her to communicate with the business jet company to fly back to Yanjing first thing tomorrow morning. During this period, Li Mu basically chartered all his trips. Although the cost was relatively high, it was not a problem for him at all. Moreover, the privacy and flexibility of chartered flights were really indescribable. It was much more convenient than taking civil flights.

Just as he hung up the phone, he received a call from Chen Ze. After answering the call, Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "Have you returned to Yanjing?"

"Not yet."

"Good boy," Chen Ze teased, "Are you two addicted to spending time alone in Shanghai?"

Li Mu glanced at Wei Lan, laughed, and said, "Don't talk nonsense. Be careful not to be heard by others."

"Don't worry, I'm alone in my office."

Chen Ze said, then said, "Oh, right, let's talk business. Didn't you ask me to introduce you to a person in charge of the Veterans' Undying Project last time?"

"Yeah, didn't you say that there's a suitable girl?

The one who went to the North and South Poles and Africa. "

"Yes, yes, yes."

Chen Ze said, "I just contacted her. She just arrived in Shanghai today and will be attending a charity auction in Shanghai tonight. I called to ask if you are still in Shanghai. Since you are, are you interested in meeting her?"

"Okay," Li Mu said without hesitation, "Help me make an appointment. We'll meet tonight and talk."

Chen Ze said, "Okay, I didn't say much to her. I just said that I have a friend who wants to find a person in charge of a charity project and asked if she was interested. She said we can talk, but I didn't tell her who it is, in case she doesn't control her mouth and causes you trouble."

Li Mu said, "Then let's meet at a place to talk face to face."

Chen Ze said, "Li Tong is also in Shanghai. His Fayue Restaurant opened a branch in Shanghai. It just opened half a month ago. During this time, he has been keeping an eye on it. I think you should go directly to his place."

Li Mu said in surprise, "Li Tong opened a branch in Shanghai?

Why haven't I heard about it? "

Chen Ze said with a smile, "You're a busy man. Who would tell you this kind of thing? Li Tong himself won't tell you."

Then, Chen Ze said, "Just go to his place. I'll call him and ask him to prepare. When you leave, you can take a picture with him and sign your name so that he can hang it in his shop to show off. Last time when I had dinner with him, he said that he didn't think of taking a picture with you in advance. You suddenly became famous both at home and abroad, and he can't see you anymore."

Li Mu smiled helplessly, "Okay, then help me tell him and that girl."

Chen Ze said, "That girl's name is Liu Xinying. She is from the third generation and has a very good family background. She is 26 this year, a few years older than you. She is quite straightforward. She used to be powerful in the fashion industry. The reason why she left the industry seems to be related to charity, but I haven't talked to her in detail. You can have a good talk with her."

"Third generation?" As soon as he heard this word, Li Mu instinctively frowned.

Chen Ze immediately said, "Don't think too much. Although she is indeed from the third generation, she is really different from the average second or third generation. She is a very practical person, has a good character, and does things quickly and decisively. I originally wanted to ask her to help me set up the CSC Club, but she didn't like it. She said that this kind of big party for rich playboys was not suitable for her. So when you said you wanted to find someone to help with charity, I introduced her to you."

Li Mu nodded, thinking that he would see the specific situation after he met her in person and chatted with her. So he said to Chen Zi, "Okay, let's talk first."

…

Chen Ze quickly helped Li Mu make an appointment with the other party. Because she would only have time after the charity auction, Chen Ze made an appointment for nine o 'clock in the evening. So, Li Mu took her to eat the Hangzhou cuisine that she had been longing for. After sending her home, he drove to the French Delight Restaurant in Shanghai accompanied by Wang Yuanlang.

When Li Tong heard that Li Mu was coming, he was very excited and insisted on picking him up in person. Li Mu tried his best to persuade him to give up the idea, and then he sent the restaurant's address to Li Mu.

The French Delight Restaurant in Shanghai was opened on the edge of the Bund, which was the best location in the whole of Shanghai. When Li Mu arrived, Li Tong personally ran out to greet him. After a few polite words with Li Mu, he directly took him to the second floor of the restaurant.

Because the restaurant was located by the Huangpu River, the entire second floor was almost full of wide floor-to-ceiling windows, with a panoramic view of the surrounding night scene. Sitting in a row along the river while eating, one could enjoy the entire night scene along the river from a close distance, which was absolutely extraordinary.

However, to Li Mu's surprise, the restaurant's first floor was almost full at this time, but the entire second floor was empty. Li Mu asked Li Tong the reason, and Li Tong said with a smile, "Old Chen said that you would come, so I emptied the second floor in advance."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "It's not that troublesome. I'm sorry that it will affect your normal business."

Li Tong said with a smile, "You can enter my restaurant with a mask, but you can't eat with a mask on, can you?

If it weren't for the fact that many customers have booked dinner today, I would have closed the business today. "

After saying that, Li Tong continued, "We're all brothers, so don't regard me as an outsider. Also, I'll tell you the truth. I've been looking forward to your visit for a long time to raise the reputation of my little restaurant. I'll ask someone to bring a camera and take a few photos of you later. I'll hang it on the wall to brag to other customers later."

"It'll be too awkward if I'm the only one hanging on the wall. Let's take a few photos, then," Li Mu said with a smile.

Li Tong clapped his hands and smiled, "That's great! That's exactly what I've been looking for!

You'll be the spokesperson of Fayue Restaurant in the future, but I won't pay you any endorsement fee, Brother. "

As the two chatted and laughed, Li Tong asked someone to bring a camera and take a few photos of them together. Li Mu didn't reject it at all since they were friends, and Li Tong did give him a lot of face when he visited Fayue Restaurant in Yanjing. This time, he came here with such a big fuss, so it was natural for him to take a few photos to promote the restaurant. Li Mu deliberately came 20 minutes earlier to spare some time to catch up with Li Tong.

Li Tong introduced the restaurant and the scenery of the Bund to Li Mu. One of his assistants took a few photos of the two talking and laughing. Li Mu and Li Tong looked through the photos together and picked out three to five good ones. Li Tong then asked the assistant to leave with the camera. Li Tong then invited Li Mu to sit at an empty table and poured a glass of lemonade for Li Mu, saying with a smile, "I heard from Old Chen that you're going to treat Liu Xinying to dinner?"

"You know her too?" asked Li Mu curiously.