Chapter 955

Late at night, Wei Lan returned home to Yanjing. She had already taken a shower, but it was hard for her to calm down.

Wei Lan had just made a YY video call with her parents who were far away in the United States. Since she usually took the initiative to contact them once every two or three days, they had no idea that she had been kidnapped.

Recently, Wei Lan's father, Wei Jun, who was far away in the United States, was in a particularly good mood. Relying on Li Mu's insider information, he had earned nearly 20 million USD from eBay stocks in one go. This was practically the fastest and largest single income he had ever earned in his life. Recently, the haze of being forced into exile in the United States had been swept away, and he had even begun to truly like the United States, a highly developed country where money was everything.

Her parents were in a surprisingly good mood, but Wei Lan's heart still had lingering fears from the kidnapping. However, she still had to pretend that everything was fine before the video call, so that her parents on the other side of the ocean would be at ease.

After the call ended, Wei Lan let out a long sigh of relief, covering her face in front of the computer in silence.

Although she had survived the disaster, Wei Lan's heart was still heavy. Not to mention that she had just walked through the gates of hell, she had almost caused her parents far away in the United States to send their elderly off. Wei Lan even let her imagination run wild. If she had really been killed by Song Zhilei, how much pain would her old parents feel when they received the news?

Even with the current situation, her father, Wei Jun, couldn't go back to China to collect her corpse. Because even if he insisted on coming back, he would definitely be caught and detained the moment he landed and went through customs. At that time, her mother would be the only one left to face her corpse, and she would probably collapse.

The more she thought about it, the more afraid Wei Lan felt. It wasn't that she was afraid of dying, but she was afraid of bringing a huge blow to her parents.

Just as Wei Lan's emotions were in a mess, Dufy had also finished showering. She came out of the bathroom in Wei Lan's nightgown. Seeing Wei Lan sitting on the sofa covering her face, she hurriedly went up to her and asked with concern, "Wei Lan, what's wrong?

Are you okay? "

Wei Lan shook her head slightly and moved her hands away from her face. She forced a smile and said to Dufy, "I'm fine. I just had a video call with my parents, so I'm a little depressed."

Dufy nodded in understanding and sat down beside Wei Lan. She thought that if she wanted to ease the depression in Wei Lan's heart, it would be useless to just persuade her. For a person like Wei Lan, it would be difficult for ordinary people to persuade her. It would be better to have a good chat with her and let her face this matter head-on so that she could adjust her heart.

Thus, Dufy told Wei Lan, "When I was at the Taobao website, I saw them racking their brains but still couldn't find the key to rescue you. I felt especially depressed and secretly wiped away my tears several times. At that time, I was thinking that even as a bystander, I felt extremely helpless, and you were being held hostage by the kidnappers. The psychological torture you were going through was ten times, a hundred times more than what I was going through …"

Wei Lan smiled bitterly and said, "I was really desperate at first, but when I talked to Li Mu on the phone, I felt that he must have a way to save me. That kind of despair suddenly eased a lot."

As she spoke, Wei Lan asked Dufy curiously, "Did you just say Taobao website?

Have you been at Taobao website all day today? "

"Yes."

Dufy said, "The people from the municipal bureau and the two operators are all at Taobao website. They set up the command center to rescue you in Taobao website's conference room."

Wei Lan said, "I didn't expect it to be at Taobao website … I thought you all went to the police station."

At this time, Dufy suddenly thought of a question that had been buried in the bottom of her heart. She asked her, "By the way, when the kidnappers asked you to call Li Mu, you revealed some valuable information to Li Mu, right?"

Wei Lan nodded and said, "I guessed who the mastermind behind my kidnapping was, so I vaguely told Li Mu about it over the phone."

Dufy was particularly curious. "Li Mu always said that you were very smart, but I only went to Taobao website when I heard about it the next morning, so I don't know the specific situation. How did you tell Li Mu who the mastermind was in front of the kidnappers?"

Wei Lan told Dufy about how Li Mu asked her to cooperate and "invite" Song Zhilei out of Juncheng Real Estate. After saying this, she explained, "I knew it was Song Zhilei who did it, and I also knew that Li Mu would be able to guess the meaning of my words. But when I said it, it sounded like I was begging Li Mu to save me, so they didn't suspect anything."

Dufy couldn't help but give her a thumbs up. "You're really amazing. You could still think so clearly at that time. If it was me, I would have been scared silly."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I was also scared, but I had to force myself to be 120% focused and pay attention to some valuable details around me. Otherwise, even if I had the chance to talk to Li Mu, I wouldn't have been able to reveal the mastermind's information to him over the phone."

As she said this, Wei Lan sighed and said, "Actually, if it wasn't for Li Mu intimidating the kidnappers with his aura over the phone, they wouldn't have given me the chance to plead for mercy. The kidnappers warned me before that I would say whatever he said, and if I said one more word or one less, he would cut off one of my fingers. It was all thanks to Li Mu that I was able to plead for mercy."

Dufy nodded. Thinking back to Li Mu's performance today, Dufy couldn't help but admire him from the bottom of her heart. She couldn't help but sigh and say, "Li Mu is really amazing."

Wei Lan nodded and then asked, "By the way, Dufy, how did they find Pinggu County?

Even I don't know where I am, so how did they find me? "

When Dufy heard this question, she immediately straightened up and said with a face full of admiration, "The whole process was amazing!

When I went to Taobao in the morning, the municipal police were chasing after several clues at the same time, including the license plate numbers of the two cars that kidnapped you, as well as the location of your car and your mobile phone number, but they all failed. That guy surnamed Song is also very cunning. Although we know that he kidnapped you, we can't find any information about him no matter how hard we try. His wife and children went to Australia a few days ago. His mobile phone has not been turned on since then, and there is no record of his whereabouts. At that time, the police went crazy. "

After Wei Lan revealed the information about Song Zhilei kidnapping her to Li Mu, she hoped that Li Mu could guide the police to rescue her, but she was also worried that it would be difficult for Li Mu to find her location. Song Zhilei and his gang were extremely cautious. Even when they asked her to call him, they had to cover her eyes and drive for dozens of minutes to a place dozens of kilometers away. At that time, she overheard the conversation between the kidnappers and learned that they did this to prevent the police from locating them through their phones.

At that time, the kidnapper who was driving had even asked the guy who asked her to call Li Mu if their current phones could be located. At that time, the guy's answer was that it was impossible. That was because everyone was using a brand new, anonymous phone number. The police didn't even know who they were. Even if they knew who they were, they wouldn't be able to find out who these phone numbers were.

At that time, Wei Lan also repeatedly pondered in her heart, but no matter how she thought about it, she couldn't figure out how the police could find her location.

Even now, Wei Lan didn't understand this question. She was indeed very excited when she was rescued, but now that she thought about it, she was also curious about how the police did it.

So, she couldn't wait to ask Dufy, "What happened after that?

How did the police find me? "

"The police?" Dufy shook her head and said, "The police didn't find you at all."

Wei Lan hurriedly asked her, "Then who was it?"

Dufy spat out two words, "Li Mu!"

"Li Mu?!" Wei Lan's eyes widened. "How did he do it?"

Although Wei Lan had always believed that Li Mu would save her, the method of rescue was definitely Li Mu passing the information about Song Zhilei's kidnapping to the police, and then the police would rescue her. She had never thought that even how to find her specific location was done by Li Mu.

As soon as she heard Wei Lan ask this question, Dufy immediately became 120% excited. She said, "Speaking of this, I have to explain it to you in detail …"

As she said this, Dufy vividly described how Li Mu had a flash of inspiration today. Putting aside all the other so-called "clues" and only starting from Song Zhilei, he found the phone number he was using step by step.

When it came to the exciting part, Dufy didn't even care about her ladylike image at all. She either frowned or slapped her thigh, and sometimes even spat. Wei Lan also became the best audience. She concentrated all her energy to listen to Dufy's description, for fear that she would accidentally miss any details.

After Wei Lan listened to Dufy's description of the entire soul-stirring process, her gratitude towards Li Mu once again went through a complete sublimation.

Before this incident, Wei Lan had always been grateful to Li Mu. There were many reasons for her gratitude. When Li Mu bought her villa without bargaining, he had already helped her once. When she was isolated and helpless, it was also Li Mu who saved Jun Cheng Real Estate and her family's hard work. After that, Li Mu invited her to join Wan Ying Real Estate and gave her generous treatment and care …

Just these points alone made Wei Lan feel like she owed him a huge favor. But right after that, when she hadn't shown any value in Wan Ying Real Estate and hadn't made any contributions, Li Mu sent her insider information that allowed her father to earn more than 100 million in America …

She had just treated him to a meal as a way of expressing her gratitude. She didn't expect that two hours before the Taobao promotion would start, she would suddenly be kidnapped. Luckily, Li Mu was able to suppress the kidnappers over the phone, giving her a window of opportunity to convey information.

Even so, Wei Lan was already full of gratitude towards Li Mu. But she never dreamed that the person who actually guided the police to her was actually Li Mu …