Chapter 375

Qi Decheng said into the phone, "I don't know this big brother. I have some misunderstanding with them. They came with guns. I hope Brother Min can talk to this big brother. It's best if you can turn a big problem into a small one …"

"Okay."

The person who was called Brother Min was very loyal. He asked, "Can you tell me briefly how you got into a conflict with the other party?"

Qi Decheng roughly explained the situation over the phone. Brother Min hesitated for a moment, then said, "How about this? Pass the phone to my friend. I'll talk to him."

Qi Decheng hurriedly passed the phone to Zhang Wanjun and said, "Brother, my friend wants to talk to you."

Zhang Wanjun smiled contemptuously. He picked up the phone and turned on the speaker. He asked calmly, "Hello, who is this?"

The other party was very polite. The moment he opened his mouth, he said, "Bro, I've heard about the conflict between you and Qi Decheng. Decheng is indeed in the wrong and shouldn't have hit him. However, you have also hit him, yet you still want to compensate him with a hundred thousand yuan. That's a little unreasonable. We're all in the underworld, so let's give each other a way out. In my opinion, Qi Decheng should compensate you fifty thousand yuan and let this matter rest.

How about it? "Zhang Wanjun laughed and asked him," Who do you think you are? Who gave you so much face?

50,000 yuan?

Didn't Qi Decheng tell you that I won't even agree to pay 100,000 yuan? "

The man did not expect Zhang Wanjun to be so unreasonable when he spoke nicely. He immediately became angry and said coldly, "Brother, if you don't want face, don't even think about getting 50,000 yuan!"

Zhang Wanjun laughed and said, "How about this? I won't ask for the exact amount. You discuss it with Qi Decheng and let me know when there's a decision. My name is Zhang Wanjun, and my phone number is 139 * * * 88888."

After that, Zhang Wanjun hung up the phone without waiting for the other party to recover from the shock and astonishment.

…

When Chen Xinmin received Qi Decheng's call, he was playing cards with his friends in the bathing center he opened in the county town. He had known Qi Decheng for some years, and they had a good relationship. Qi Decheng's flour could be directly sent to some food factories in the county. A considerable part of the credit was due to Chen Xinmin's reputation in the underworld. Qi Decheng also did not mistreat Chen Xinmin. Even now, Chen Xinmin still gets a monthly sales share from Qi Decheng's flour mill.

Qi Decheng called to tell Chen Xinmin that he had a conflict with someone. Chen Xinmin thought that Qi Decheng wanted him to go over and help him, so he felt a little awkward. It was the Lunar New Year, and Chen Xinmin didn't want to get involved in any trouble. People in the underworld were all superstitious. During the Lunar New Year, Chen Xinmin hoped to be down-to-earth in exchange for a good omen. However, he didn't expect that Qi Decheng only wanted him to make peace with the other party, so he gladly agreed.

But he didn't expect the guy on the phone to be so rude. Chen Xinmin was immediately angry. He was also a gangster. In the county, who didn't give him face?

The other party still dared to speak in such a manner. He was simply courting death.

However, Chen Xinmin was dumbfounded when the other party gave him his name and phone number.

Zhang Wanjun?

Chen Xinmin knew very well what kind of person Zhang Wanjun was. He was a big brother in the Haizhou Underworld. Compared to him, he was nothing.

Chen Xinmin was nervous, but he still held on to a glimmer of hope. He thought that the other party might be bluffing and that it wasn't Zhang Wanjun at all. At that moment, a few of the guys who were playing cards asked, "What's going on?

Did someone show off to you? "

Chen Xinmin swallowed his saliva and asked them, "Do any of you know Zhang Wanjun?"

Among the three guys who were playing cards, two of them waved their hands without thinking and said, "How would I have the chance to know someone like Zhang Wanjun?"

Only one of the guys said, "I've had dinner with Brother Jun twice, but there were a lot of people at the table, so he might not know me."

Chen Xinmin immediately thought of the phone number that the other party had given on the phone. It was extremely easy to remember. He immediately said the number and asked, "Is this Zhang Wanjun's phone number?"

The man nodded and said, "Everyone in the Haizhou Underworld knows his phone number. It's very easy to remember."

Chen Xinmin's heart tightened. He immediately took out his mobile phone and dialed it. Zhang Wanjun answered the phone and said only three words, "Hello, who's this?"

Chen Xinmin's heart that was hanging in his throat immediately fell to the bottom of the valley.

The voice was exactly the same as the person who had just had a conflict with him on the phone. After talking with him on the phone just now, Chen Xinmin could conclude that the two voices were the same person.

That was to say, the person he had just scolded on the phone was really Zhang Wanjun …

Chen Xinmin was extremely frightened. He trembled and said, "Brother Jun, I'm really sorry. I had eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. I was blind. I …"

While Chen Xinmin was apologizing, Zhang Wanjun also recognized his voice and said coldly, "Don't talk nonsense with me. Hurry up and discuss with Qi Shaodong and tell me the result. We'll settle the score later. You'd better hurry up. I'm not very patient."

After saying this, Zhang Wanjun directly hung up the phone.

The reason why Zhang Wanjun asked Qi Decheng to make a phone call at that moment was that he wanted him to go directly to the backer he relied on the most. He could directly communicate with his backer. It was meaningless to scare Qi Decheng, so it was better to scare his backer. In this way, he could help Li Mu solve the problem once and for all.

However, Zhang Wanjun didn't expect the guy on the phone to be so arrogant, so he introduced himself at the end of the phone call to let the other party weigh the pros and cons.

When Chen Xinmin learned Zhang Wanjun's identity, he was really frightened by the pros and cons. Zhang Wanjun's phone had been hanging up for a long time, but he was still sitting at the table in a daze.

A few guys who were playing cards with him asked him, "What's wrong?

What's wrong?

The person you just scolded on the phone, was it Zhang Wanjun? "

Chen Xinmin came to his senses and said with a sad face, "It's him …"

The other three were stunned, and then they all looked at him with an extremely sympathetic look. If he provoked Zhang Wanjun, he might not be able to survive in Haizhou.

Chen Xinmin also realized the seriousness of the problem, so he immediately called Qi Decheng back. The moment Qi Decheng picked up the phone, Chen Xinmin scolded angrily, "Qi Decheng, you motherf * cker!

How dare you set me up!

I tell you, if I get into trouble, you can't run away! "

Qi Decheng was dumbfounded. He was waiting for Chen Xinmin to find a way to help him. Why did Chen Xinmin suddenly call him to scold and threaten him?

"Brother Min, what are you talking about? We've been friends for so many years. How can I set you up …"

Chen Xinmin scolded angrily, "You f * cking asked for it. You made things difficult for Brother Jun, and you even dragged me in to be your scapegoat. What are you thinking?"

Qi Decheng hurriedly asked him, "Brother Min, what do you mean?

Who is Brother Jun? "

Chen Xinmin roared, "Are you f * cking blind?

The one who talked to me on the phone just now is the boss of Haizhou, Zhang Wanjun! "

Qi Decheng repeated the words, "Zhang Wanjun?"

Then, as if he had just woken up from a dream, he asked in a trembling voice, "Are … are you telling the truth?"

Chen Xinmin scolded, "Of course it's true!

I don't care how you got into conflict with Brother Jun. You must satisfy Brother Jun in this matter, or we can forget about it! "

Qi Decheng was also scared out of his wits. He asked in a trembling voice, "Then what should we do …"

Chen Xinmin said, "Compensate with money and gifts. What else can we do?

If you don't give Brother Jun a satisfactory answer, think about whether your Qi Family can still have a foothold in Haizhou! "

Do you still want to keep your flour factory?! "

Qi Decheng looked up at Zhang Wanjun and suddenly closed his flip phone. He knelt down and crawled to Zhang Wanjun's feet. Without saying anything, he kowtowed several times.

It couldn't be helped. Zhang Wanjun was too famous. Everyone knew his cruel and merciless character, as well as his unparalleled strength in Haizhou. Qi Decheng was just a rural entrepreneur. How could he compete with Zhang Wanjun with a net worth of millions?

After a few kowtows, the other men of the Qi family were dumbfounded. Qi Decheng said to Zhang Wanjun with a face full of remorse, "Brother Jun, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I didn't recognize you. Please be magnanimous and don't lower yourself to my level. For today's matter, the Qi family is willing to pay 200,000, oh no, 300,000 to Dao Guang's family. From now on, we will never cause any trouble for Dao Guang's family.

Zhang Wanjun ignored him. He looked at Li Mu and asked, "What do you think of this condition?"

Li Mu nodded. "Deal."

Zhang Wanjun said to Qi Decheng with a cold face, "Since the family is willing to let you go, then I won't argue with you anymore. Hurry up and prepare the money and send it over before dark. As for the rest of you, be it men or women, clean up the house and the yard. Replace the broken glass with new ones. Don't leave a single piece of glass on the ground. Buy new chickens as well. This dog isn't dead yet, hurry up and send it to the vet for treatment. This is not an ordinary animal, this is their family's loyal servant. If you can't cure it, then you'll have to pay another hundred thousand dollars."

After hearing this, Qi Decheng didn't dare to refuse. He nodded vigorously and agreed. Then, he stood up with difficulty and said to Zhang Wanjun, "I'll go prepare the money now …"

"Wait."

Zhang Wanjun stopped him and said, "Call the guy on the phone just now and tell him to come here today to apologize. I'll pretend that nothing happened. As for how to apologize, it depends on his sincerity. Do you understand?"

Qi Decheng nodded quickly. "I understand!"

After that, he scrambled out of the house to get the money. At the same time, he called Chen Xinmin and told him Zhang Wanjun's last words.

Chen Xinmin was so angry that his voice became distorted. "Qi Decheng, you old bastard. If Zhang Wanjun makes things difficult for me, don't think you'll get away with it."