Chapter 770

On Wednesday, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong arrived at Taobao at eight o 'clock in the morning. The other employees arrived even earlier than them. They were all there by eight o' clock.

The reason why everyone arrived early was that the head of the Economic and Trade Commission would come to Taobao at 9 AM. This was the first time a leader would inspect Taobao since it was established. It could even be said that it was the first leader inspection since Taobao was established, so it was of great significance.

For private enterprises, a leader's inspection was a good thing.

The inspection meant that the government recognized the company and expressed its appreciation and support.

Among the leaders who came for the inspection today, there were five from Hua Xia's Economic and Trade Commission. There were even two leaders from Hua Xia's State Post Bureau. Calling the leaders of the postal system together for an inspection should be a special care from the senior leaders. Li Mu's e-commerce development was seriously shackled by logistics and transportation. It would take time to establish his own logistics. In the future, he would still need to cooperate with the State Post Bureau. By arranging for the leaders of the State Post Bureau, Li Mu could directly ask for help or make demands.

The whole inspection was open to the public. Central TV sent an interview team to follow up the interview. When Li Mu arrived at the company, a team of reporters, related staff, and security personnel were already there. Then, a special coordinator communicated with Li Mu about the whole process, including when the leaders would come, which departments would be inspected, how the interview process would be decided, and even how the closed-door symposium would be held later.

The first few processes were relatively formal. Basically, they were just going through the motions. The key was the closed-door symposium. There would be no media present at the symposium. Even ordinary leaders were not arranged to be present. On Li Mu's side, there were two people, including him. On the other side, there were also two leaders. One was the head of the Economic and Trade Commission, and the other was the leader in charge of the postal service.

When Li Mu heard this arrangement, he immediately attached great importance to it.

He originally thought that this closed-door symposium would be for the whole inspection team, but he did not expect that the leaders themselves would greatly reduce the number of people attending the symposium. There would be a real leader in charge of the Economic and Trade Commission and the postal service. This was definitely a battle array for him to make demands!

It seemed that they might grant him whatever he wanted. If that was the case, everything would take a turn for the better.

At 9 AM sharp, the leaders, accompanied by their respective departments' staff, arrived at Makino Technology.

Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong stood at attention neatly, waiting at the gate of Makino Technology to welcome them.

As soon as the leader appeared, the two staff members who were leading the way immediately stepped aside. Li Mu immediately recognized that the man walking in front was the head of the Huaxia Economic and Trade Commission, Zhen Zhiwen, Minister Zhen.

Department Head Zhen's face was full of smiles. Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong hurriedly stepped forward to shake hands with him. In front of the camera, Department Head Zhen gave some encouraging words. At the same time, he also said that he had come to Taobao for an inspection with the purpose of learning and understanding the advanced e-commerce model of the Internet. The other officials around him also smiled and echoed, and the atmosphere was very harmonious from the beginning.

Another very important person was a deputy director of the State Post Bureau of Hua Xia, surnamed Niu. The State Post Bureau of Hua Xia was in charge of all the express delivery and logistics industries in the country, and this Director Niu was in charge of the postal service in Hua Xia.

Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong brought Zhen Zhiwen and his team to visit the various departments in the company. Every time they visited a department, Liu Xiaodong would introduce the functions of the department in the whole of Taobao to the leaders.

Occasionally, Zhen Zhiwen and his team would interview individual employees. They would ask them about their salaries and benefits, or ask about their work intensity. The employees would answer all of their questions fluently.

The reporters also took the opportunity to interview Zhen Zhiwen on some questions about Taobao, such as how the Economic and Trade Commission viewed the emerging Taobao website. Zhen Zhiwen's answer was very pertinent. He said, "First of all, we have to admit that the e-commerce model of Taobao website is very novel to us. Moreover, before Taobao website appeared, we never expected e-commerce to develop so rapidly. Therefore, for the Economic and Trade Commission, on one hand, we are sure that e-commerce has a lot of room for development, and on the other hand, we really want to understand this industry more deeply. If e-commerce is a necessary trend in the future, then we will have to formulate effective policies to promote and promote the rapid development of e-commerce."

The reporter asked again, "Then what expectations do you have for the future development of Taobao website?"

Zhen Zhiwen said, "I hope that while Taobao website continues to develop, it will not forget to strengthen its sense of social responsibility. The economy is the driving force that propels the country forward. How can we quickly and effectively promote the development of society and economy while developing ourselves, and make necessary contributions to the development of society and economy? This is my expectation for the future development of Taobao website."

Li Mu, who was at the side, hurriedly added, "Rest assured, Zhen Zhiwen. Taobao website will definitely place social responsibility at the core of our company's culture, and do our part for the development of the entire society and economy!"

Zhen Zhiwen smiled and said to the reporter, "You have just done an interview with Li Zong. I believe that Li Zong's sense of social responsibility, whether it is me or you, is obvious to all of you."

The reporter smiled and said, "Then I will also take this opportunity to interview Li Zong."

Li Mu nodded and said generously, "Okay."

The reporter then asked him, "Li Zong, what is the future development direction of Taobao website?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Our future development direction is to increase the choice of online shopping and lower the threshold for online shopping, so that more people can more easily and conveniently use Taobao to buy more products online. In the near future, the products on Taobao website will definitely be all-inclusive, and it will satisfy the majority of the consumer's needs."

Originally, Li Mu wanted to arrange for the leaders to have lunch outside, but when the accompanying staff met with Taobao's public relations yesterday, they rejected this arrangement. Instead, they asked Taobao website to order a batch of lunch boxes for the leaders to have lunch together on Taobao website. Because lunch was also a part of the interview, Taobao website followed the request and ordered the lunch boxes in advance. At noon, dozens of lunch boxes were delivered, and Li Mu arranged for the reporters and the leaders to have lunch in the big conference room, while the accompanying staff were scattered around the smaller conference rooms to have lunch.

Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong also accompanied the leaders to eat lunch boxes in the conference room, and the interview basically came to an end. The camera moved away, and Zhen Zhiwen said to Li Mu, "Let's arrange a closed-door discussion later in your office or Director Liu's office. Try to isolate the irrelevant personnel as much as possible. It's time to talk about something practical."

Li Mu's expression froze, and he hurriedly nodded and said in a low voice, "Then, Zhen Zhiwen, please come to my office later to talk."

After lunch, Zhen Zhiwen said to the others, "Director Niu and I will be having a closed-door discussion with Li Zong and Director Liu. Everyone, take a break here, and we'll head back after the meeting."

The others immediately responded. Then, Zhen Zhiwen smiled and said to Li Mu, "Let's not waste time, let's get started."

Li Mu nodded and made an inviting gesture. Then, he and Liu Shixiong accompanied the two to his office.

On the guest sofa, the four of them sat facing each other. Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong sat together, while Zhen Zhiwen and Director Niu sat together. After they sat down, Liu Shixiong hurriedly took out a tea set and prepared tea leaves to make tea. Zhen Zhiwen didn't refuse and went straight to the point. "Xiao Li, one of the main reasons why I came here today is because the boss asked me to talk to you face to face."

Li Mu hurriedly sat up straight and nodded. He had already heard about the "boss" from Chen Ze, so he knew who the "boss" was.

Zhen Zhiwen paused, then said, "The boss gave me two tasks today. One is to understand what your current needs are, and the other is to ask you some questions on his behalf."

Saying that, Zhen Zhiwen looked at Li Mu with great interest and asked him with a smile, "What do you think we should start with?"

Li Mu hurriedly and respectfully said, "Zhen Zhiwen, you can start with the questions."

Li Mu guessed that the boss and the other leaders might have some doubts and uncertainties about this new thing called e-commerce. Before he raised his needs for the leaders to help solve, he first had to know what the leaders were suspicious and worried about. If he had the confidence to solve their worries, then he could boldly raise his needs. Otherwise, if he raised his needs and the leaders' doubts couldn't be solved, it would be too embarrassing.

When Zhen Zhiwen heard that Li Mu chose to start with the questions, he nodded approvingly and said with a smile, "Alright then, I'll ask you some questions first."

Saying that, Zhen Zhiwen cleared his throat and said, "First, how big is the future development of the domestic e-commerce industry?

I'm not just talking about Taobao, but the entire e-commerce market. "

Li Mu said seriously, "If the development goes well, the foreseeable market size in the next five years will be around one trillion."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "Of course, most of the data is accumulated by companies putting their daily transactions online, which is more convenient to operate. If we only consider 2C's retail business, I think it can reach 100 billion within five years if the conditions are sufficient."

Zhen Zhiwen looked a little surprised. "You mean it can reach 100 billion per year in five years?"

Li Mu nodded and said calmly, "At least."

Zhen Zhiwen's expression also became serious. He asked, "What about the most optimistic estimate?"

"Hundreds of billions."

Zhen Zhiwen said, "The annual sales of Wangfujing Department Store Group, which has been developing for many years, is only around 78 to 8 billion. What's the basis for your confidence in reaching 100 billion?

You can't have a brand day every day, can you?

Consumers will also get tired of aesthetics. "

Li Mu smiled and said in a neither servile nor overbearing manner, "I don't know about other companies, so I can't give an estimate. But for Taobao alone, I'm confident that the annual turnover will exceed 100 billion within five years!"