Chapter 1449

The other National People's Congress students who came to Harvard with Su Yingxue were already preparing to return, but Su Yingxue hadn't started packing all of her luggage yet.

Her classmates already knew that Su Yingxue had been retained at Harvard and that she was guaranteed an MBA at the Harvard Business School. Although everyone was envious, they also knew that Li Mu was the one who helped Su Yingxue get such a good treatment. After all, Li Mu had unparalleled influence at Harvard. Helping Su Yingxue solve the problem of her undergraduate and MBA might be difficult for others, but it was a piece of cake for Li Mu.

The reason why Su Yingxue didn't pack all of her luggage was not because she had decided to stay at Harvard, but because she still couldn't make up her mind. She still couldn't figure out which force was influencing Harvard, but she had basically ruled out that it was Li Mu's intention. Therefore, she decided to listen to Li Mu's advice before making a decision.

Li Mu's visit to Harvard was quite low-key this time. Other than Su Yingxue and Mark Zuckerberg, only the higher-ups of Harvard knew about it. Originally, Li Mu planned to meet Su Yingxue first before meeting Mark Zuckerberg and the higher-ups of Harvard and Mark Zuckerberg tomorrow. However, he didn't expect Mark Zuckerberg to be in such a hurry, so he first talked to him about the follow-up development of Facebook.

After sending Mark Zuckerberg off, Li Mu called Su Yingxue and told her that he had arrived at Harvard. He also told her his room number at the Harvard campus hotel.

After receiving the call, Su Yingxue left the dormitory happily. Her female roommates asked her why she was in such a hurry, but Su Yingxue only said that she was going to visit a friend. After all, Li Mu's identity was sensitive, and he had an extraordinary influence at Harvard. If the students at Harvard knew that he had come, the whole school would be in an uproar.

As a higher-up of Harvard, Xie Huairu naturally knew that Li Mu had arrived at Harvard. These days, he had been waiting for Su Yingxue's reply on whether she would stay at Harvard or not, but Su Yingxue hadn't given him a clear response.

Both Xie Huairu and Xie Yun hoped that they could make Su Yingxue decide to stay in the United States through Harvard's internal manipulation. This way, whether Li Mu spent more time in Hua Xia or in the United States in the future, Su Yingxue's time with Li Mu would be greatly reduced.

After all, Li Mu's center of activity in the United States was in Silicon Valley on the west coast, while Harvard was on the east coast of the United States. The distance between the two places was extremely far, and it would take about six hours to fly there. If Su Yingxue stayed at Harvard, Li Mu would at most be able to come to Harvard three to five times a year.

In addition, Xie Huairu himself worked at Harvard, so he had plenty of ways to increase Su Yingxue's future academic arrangements at Harvard. If Li Mu happened to come to the United States, he could secretly arrange for Su Yingxue to participate in activities at Harvard and overseas universities. Harvard had countless academic exchanges with Europe every year, so he could arrange for Su Yingxue to leave Harvard for a period of time, which would coincide with the time when Li Mu went to the United States.

To Xie Huairu, he was an upright person most of the time. So, he didn't feel any sense of accomplishment when he was trying his best to take care of a little girl behind her back. It was even a little despicable. But when he thought about how this concerned his niece's lifelong happiness, being despicable wasn't so disgusting.

…

Ever since he left the United States last time, Li Mu hadn't seen Su Yingxue during the whole SARS epidemic. After so many days, Su Yingxue looked more beautiful and mature than the last time they met. This had something to do with the environment where young people in the West generally dressed more maturely than young people in the East.

When Su Yingxue saw Li Mu, her heart was naturally filled with joy. As soon as Li Mu opened the door, Su Yingxue immediately threw herself into his arms, which caught Li Mu off guard.

This girl, who had always been too reserved, had been influenced by the environment after coming to the United States for more than half a year. In the past, she instinctively restrained her emotions and did not express them, or tried to express them as little as possible. However, after experiencing the exchange for half a year, she saw that young people in the West freely expressed their feelings and had a high degree of respect for them. She also realized that hiding her true feelings seemed to be more in line with Hua Xia's so-called values of a lady from a wealthy family. However, when it came to feelings itself, it was a kind of absolute strangulation.

In the West, both boys and girls in their early twenties fell in love on campus. They were not as secretive as the students in Hua Xia. Here, couples always held hands or held each other's arms. Hugs and kisses were also very natural. Even if a girl had only been separated from her boyfriend for one class, she would excitedly jump into her boyfriend's arms when they met again after class. She never hid her feelings, nor did she stifle the expression of her feelings.

However, on Hua Xia's campus at the beginning of the 21st century, such scenes were extremely rare. Most couples hid from their teachers and school leaders while hiding from their classmates. It was rare to see boys and girls holding hands on campus during the day. On the contrary, at night, these young couples would gather in the school's small park or grove.

In the first two or three months after coming to Harvard, Su Yingxue was not quite used to the passionate and indifferent way of love between Western campus couples. However, in the next few months, she often reflected on herself and became more and more envious of these Western girls who dared to express their feelings generously. Love was love, and there was no need to hide it. If you liked someone, you liked them. They would never abruptly withdraw their feelings when they were on the verge of saying it. Recalling the bits and pieces of her relationship with Li Mu, Su Yingxue increasingly felt that she had been a little too reserved throughout the whole process. Therefore, she secretly decided that she could no longer stifle her feelings because of the reserved feelings in her heart like before.

Li Mu was caught off guard by Su Yingxue's initiative to hug him, but he quickly came back to his senses. While hugging her with one hand, he closed the door.

Su Yingxue hugged Li Mu's waist with both hands and put her face on his chest. Then, she earnestly said, "I missed you!

During SARS, I really wanted to secretly buy a plane ticket to go back and see you, but I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to help you and would even cause you trouble. "

Recently, aside from his parents, Li Mu had never heard his hometown accent spoken by other people. Suddenly hearing Su Yingxue thinking about him in his hometown language, Li Mu felt a particularly warm and steady feeling in his heart.

His mental age was in his thirties, so he didn't have a particularly urgent desire for love. After his rebirth, the rapid development of his career had almost taken away most of his energy, so he had very little energy to invest in relationships. However, Su Yingxue could still inadvertently touch the softest part of his heart. In terms of the degree of intimacy between them, she wasn't as close as Zhao Ziqiu, Chen Wan, and Wei Lan. However, in the depths of his soul, the two feelings he had with Su Yingxue in his past life and this life still made her occupy a very special place in Li Mu's heart. She was also the woman that made Li Mu feel the most real.

Li Mu passionately kissed the tip of her lips and said, "I missed you too. Originally, I had a lot of things to do in the United States, and I wanted to come and see you earlier. However, there were a lot of things to do during SARS, and it wasn't suitable for me to leave Beijing before the epidemic subsided."

Su Yingxue nodded and stood on her tiptoes to take the initiative to kiss Li Mu. She suppressed the shyness in her heart and tried to appear as natural as possible. Then, she said, "I understand. You've always been so concerned about SARS, and you have such a strong sense of social responsibility. You definitely wouldn't leave Beijing at that time. I was just worried about your health. After all, you've been staying in the epidemic area."

Li Mu held Su Yingxue's hand and sat down on the sofa in the guest room. He said, "It's all good now. SARS is over, and I don't need to stay in Beijing all the time. I'll probably spend most of my time in the United States."

Su Yingxue happily asked, "Really?

You'll spend most of your time in the United States? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "The development of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology in China is already very stable. They only need a competent CEO to take charge and stabilize the pace. For me, the most important thing right now is to gain a foothold in the United States, and then rely on the United States market to expand to the rest of the world. Makino Technology has many new business plans in the future, and they will also start in the United States."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and said, "I was thinking of waiting for you to come and discuss my matter with you. Harvard is urging me to reply as soon as possible. Should I accept their invitation or choose to return to China?"

Speaking up to this point, Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu and said very seriously, "I can't make up my mind, so I want to hear your advice. If you want me to stay, I'll stay. If you want me to go back, then I'll go back."

Li Mu said very frankly, "I know that Harvard Business School is your dream, so before you came to Harvard for an exchange, I thought about letting you study at Harvard in the future. But at that time, I was thinking about helping you realize your dream of getting an MBA from Harvard Business School after you graduated. I didn't expect that there would be such an opportunity to come to Harvard for an exchange, and I didn't expect that Harvard would be willing to let you directly study for a bachelor's degree at Harvard. Now the conditions offered by Harvard are basically perfect for you. You will get a guaranteed bachelor's degree and a full scholarship. The only drawback is that you may have to study and live in the United States for several years. So if you can accept this, then I suggest you accept this opportunity from Harvard."

Su Yingxue nodded. She knew that Li Mu didn't lie to her, and she was also sure that the favorable conditions offered by Harvard were not deliberately arranged by Li Mu. In this way, the biggest worry in her heart was dispelled.

Su Yingxue, who felt a lot more relaxed, said to Li Mu, "It's not a problem for me to study and live in the United States for several years, and my family will definitely accept it. Even if I study at the National People's Congress, I can only go home two or three times a year. The annual vacation time at Harvard is not shorter than at home. The only trouble is the overseas flight, but that's not a problem. What I'm most worried about is that if I stay at Harvard, I may have fewer opportunities to see you in the future."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Silly, if you stay in the United States, we will have more opportunities to see each other in the future. My current overall strategy is to expand outward, and on the other hand, use the resources I get from overseas to build a strategic rear in China. Both the expansion and the search for relevant resources overseas have to rely on the American market, which is a higher priority in the overall strategy. So in the future, I will spend most of my time in the United States. Even if I go back to China to participate in the work related to the rear, I will definitely be very busy."