Chapter 690

After confirming the development direction of the six pieces of land, Song Liang and Chen Ze thought of the land that Li Mu had extorted from Hongzhu Group and asked Li Mu how to deal with the land.

Hongzhu's land also had great potential, and the key point was that it was not bought, but bought on credit, so the profit margin was also amazing. However, Li Mu had said in advance that all the profits generated from the land would be donated to the anti-drunk driving fund of Wanying Real Estate, so he did not intend to go back on his word. In the follow-up operation of the land, he made a general decision: We will not actually invest manpower and material resources in the operation of that land, but we will use it to cooperate with other real estate companies and let them contribute money and effort. We will announce to the public in advance that all the income from the cooperation will be invested into the anti-drunk driving fund. This will also greatly enhance Wanying's corporate image and enhance Wanying's sense of social responsibility. "

The two of them naturally had no opinion on this. It did not matter how Li Mu used the land that he extorted, it did not matter to Li Mu how he wanted to use it, even if it did not make money.

Li Mu felt that even if the plan had been set, there was no need to rush to immediately push it forward. The most important thing at the moment was to get the money first. There was no rush to move the seven pieces of land. They would first wait for the market to digest the benefits of Subway Line 10 and Airport Line. The more the benefits were digested, the higher the actual value of the seven pieces of land.

Therefore, at this most exciting moment, the three of them decided to calm down first and not make any substantial moves. They would quietly observe and wait for the market to ferment.

For Li Mu, the biggest significance of the six pieces of land was that they could be used to get a large amount of money. Since he started his business, he had never seen a billion in cash. In a few days, it would be an eye-opening experience. Unfortunately, this money was destined to only be reflected in the form of numbers in the bank account. Otherwise, if so much money was withdrawn, it would probably take a few trucks to transport it all.

While Wanying Real Estate was attracting attention in the real estate industry in Yanjing, Li Mu's parents in Haizhou did not know that their son had now made his business to an unimaginable level.

When Li Mu was celebrating with Chen Ze and Song Liang, he received a call from his mother. Li Ma kept asking him on the phone when he would go home. Li Mu originally wanted to find an excuse that he was busy at school, but after thinking about it carefully, he was afraid that he would not have time to go home if he delayed it.

The Brand Day was set on July 23rd, which was a big event for Taobao. Li Mu naturally wanted to witness it in Yan Jing, but it was unrealistic for him to go home after the 23rd, because the star auction would be launched at the end of the month, and he also had to build his own logistics and cinemas. In short, things happened one after another.

In short, things happened one after another. Therefore, Li Mu temporarily decided to go back as soon as possible. He would stay at home for a few days to have a good rest and relax. Then, he would bring his parents to Yanjing and tell them about the things in Yanjing. In this way, he would not delay all kinds of things in Yanjing.

Then, Li Mu promised his mother that he would go back in the next two days.

Li Ma had been looking forward to his return for a long time. When she heard this reply, she was naturally very happy. She hurriedly asked Li Mu how he would go back, and whether he would drive by car or by plane.

Li Mu thought that he would take his parents to Yanjing, so he first gave up driving. No matter how good the car was, it was not so comfortable to sit in, and the safety was really not good. Therefore, Li Mu decided to go back by plane. This was the fastest and most convenient way, and it was easy to buy a ticket.

Hearing that Li Mu was going to go back by plane, Li Ma breathed a sigh of relief and said, "It's better to come back by plane. Your father and I don't want you to drive back. First, it's too tiring. Second, it's not safe."

After hanging up the phone, Song Liang asked Li Mu, "Are you going back to Haizhou in the next two days?"

Li Mu nodded. "I can't put it off any longer. I'll be even busier at the end of the month."

Song Liang thought for a moment and said, "Why don't I go back for a few days? Didn't you say that you would wait for the market to digest the good news? I have nothing to do now, so I can go back to see my wife and children."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then let's go together."

Song Liang said, "Okay, I'll book the plane tickets."

Li Mu said, "I'll ask Ying Xue later and confirm the time with her."

Chen Ze said, "You two left?

You didn't say that you would stay with me. "

Li Mu said, "Why would I stay with you?

Go find Dufy. By the way, how are you two going now?

You spend every day at the racing track and the club. Is there any substantial development? "

Chen Ze shook his head. "Not yet. Dufy is a workaholic. I can't talk to her about anything other than work."

Song Liang smiled and said, "You can't be so slow when picking up girls. You have to be simple and rough."

Chen Ze smiled bitterly. "That's because you don't know Dufy. It's useless to be simple and rough with her. She's very strange and really gives me a headache."

Song Liang spread his hands. "You like her. You deserve it."

Chen Ze said, "Let's talk about something serious. Li Mu, you keep talking about commercial real estate. Have you ever thought about where to do your first commercial real estate project?"

Li Mu said, "The best is of course the CBD, but it's too late now. Although Three Round Bridge is also very popular now, it may not be developed into a commercial center in the future. It's more likely to be a business center."

A business center, to put it bluntly, was a central area for eating, drinking, playing, and shopping. However, a business center was a central area with many office buildings and companies. The commercial real estate that Li Mu wanted to do naturally relied on the former.

Song Liang said, "Three Round Bridge's geography and transportation are so developed. The commercial development should be more promising."

Li Mu nodded. "It's definitely promising, but I don't think it's the most promising."

Then, Li Mu said, "Personally, I'm more optimistic about Sanlitun. Now it's starting to develop into a bar street. Bars and nightclubs attract young and fashionable consumers. It won't be long before Sanlitun becomes a fashion landmark in Yanjing. If we build a business center in Sanlitun, the development prospects will be very good."

Right now, Sanlitun had a Workers' Stadium and a bunch of bars and nightclubs. There really wasn't anything else. Chen Ze and Song Liang couldn't see Sanlitun becoming a fashion center in the future. However, Li Mu was very clear in his heart that Sanlitun would become the most fashionable and trendy landmark in Yanjing in the future. There was no one else like it. Taking advantage of the fact that it hadn't formed a scale yet, it was still possible to make a move early.

The two of them started thinking about Sanlitun and compared it to Three Round Bridge.

At this time, Li Mu said, "I have to remind you that when you look at Three Round Bridge, you can't look at it like a real estate developer."

The two of them looked at Li Mu in surprise. They didn't know what he meant.

Li Mu continued, "In our eyes, Three Round Bridge is really awesome now. It's convenient and accessible, but think about it. In the eyes of ordinary people, what's so great about Three Round Bridge?

Even if Line 10 announces Three Round Bridge Station, people will only think of Three Round Bridge as a place with the word 'bridge' in its name in Yanjing.

"Think about it. In the future, when people think of Three Round Bridge, what keywords will they think of?

Convenient transportation, transportation hub, Third Ring Road, Subway Line 10, Airport Express, Airport Expressway, but other than that, there's nothing else. When people think of Three Round Bridge, they won't think of leisure, entertainment, dining, consumption, shopping, or fashion. These latter keywords are the key attributes of a commercial center! "

When the two of them heard this, they looked like they were starting to understand.

Li Mu continued, "Sanlitun is close to the embassy area, so there are many foreigners. Because of these foreigners, the bar business here is especially good. The bar culture is originally a westerner's thing. They gather here, so bars and nightclubs will naturally gather here. So, you see, Sanlitun has at least four attributes: fashion, consumption, leisure, and entertainment. What it lacks is dining and shopping, and these two are the core of our commercial project. As for the convenience of transportation, it's not much worse than Three Round Bridge. In the future, Line 10 will also have a station near Sanlitun, and it'll only take a few minutes to get out of the subway. Also, it's on the edge of the Third Ring Road, so it's also very convenient to drive. With so many advantages, Sanlitun is the most suitable commercial center."

Chen Ze and Song Liang pondered for a while and quickly figured out the key points. Li Mu was right. Three Round Bridge was awesome, but it didn't have a commercial atmosphere. In the hearts of the citizens, it was just a place with no special attributes. However, Sanlitun was different. It did represent fashion in the hearts of the young people in Yanjing. Fatty Wang's SugarClub business was doing very well now. Not only him, but most of the nightclubs' business was getting better and better. This gave Sanlitun another attribute other than the place's name in the hearts of the citizens — fashion.

With fashion, there would be entertainment. With entertainment, there would be consumption. With consumption, there would be leisure. Moreover, the geographical location could be said to be blessed by nature. If it were to be a commercial center here, it would really have a bright future.

Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "What's your specific plan for the commercial center?"

Li Mu roughly said, "A commercial center must have many essential elements. First is the retail industry. The most important one is the clothing industry. Therefore, in our future commercial center, at least half of the shops will be provided to the clothing industry. Second is the food and beverage and entertainment. I won't say much about the food and beverage. For the entertainment, I plan to build a large movie theater or a video game city. The movie theater is indispensable. Other than this, there are other retail industries, such as electronic equipment, daily necessities, and boutique supermarkets. These are all targets for investment in the future."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "It's the concept of a mall in developed countries. A one-stop service for eating, drinking, entertainment, consumption, and shopping."

Li Mu snapped his fingers. "That's right. This is the core component. Other than that, I also want to build it together with a star-rated hotel. We won't invest in this, we will do it ourselves."

"Think about it. In the future, every commercial center will have our own star-rated hotel. First in Yanjing, then all over the country. Slowly, we will let everyone know where our commercial center is located. That is the most prosperous, fun, and fashionable place in the city. No matter if it's a business trip, if you want to experience this city the best, you have to stay in our hotel."