Chapter 1048

Larry Page's greatest pursuit in life was to try his best to digitize everything in the real world.

He was inspired by the library model in his university, and he created a search engine and Google. After founding Google, he invested more than US $400 million, and it took him ten years to digitize more than 20 million physical books in the world. Thus, Google Books was born.

In addition, in the last century, he tried to use a portable camera to take photos while driving. According to his method at that time, he would stop every 100 meters to take a few photos, and then send these photos to the computer. Thus, he came up with the idea of digitizing the world's street view and making it available for users to browse on the Internet. Thus, a few years later, Google Street View was released. Through countless Google Street View cars, people could enjoy the scenery of dozens of countries, thousands of cities, and millions of streets on the Internet without leaving their homes.

Then, he used more advanced satellite and aerial photography technology to take a 360-degree "picture" of the earth, and thus, Google Earth was born.

Currently, Larry Page was working on his first large-scale digitization attempt, Google Books.

Larry Page felt that there would not be another person in the world who had the same crazy idea as him. He wanted to digitize the world's books and then upload them to the Internet.

However, what he didn't expect was that Li Mu, with just a few metaphors, took this model as a suggestion for himself.

This made Larry Page a little nervous and a little embarrassed.

He was nervous because he was worried that Li Mu would also be interested in such a model. Google was doing this now, and it did not have an advantage over Makino Technology. Moreover, it had just started. If Makino Technology also did this, it would be easy for them to catch up.

He was embarrassed because he did not know how to answer Li Mu. First of all, he did not want to tell Li Mu that Google was actually already doing this. However, if he did not tell Li Mu, when he launched Google Books in the future, Li Mu would definitely think that he was inspired by him, and that would be too embarrassing.

A serious person like Larry Page cared a lot about the source of ideas. He did not want his Google Books project to be misunderstood as plagiarizing other people's ideas.

After thinking carefully for a moment, Larry Page made up his mind and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I'll tell you a secret. The Google Books project is already in operation. The goal is to move all the books in the real world to the Internet."

Li Mu pretended to be surprised and said, "That's a lot of work!"

Larry Page nodded and said with a smile, "It doesn't matter if it's huge. This is one of the few dreams in my life. Even if I have to give up everything, I will complete it."

Larry Page deliberately said firmly. He hoped that Li Mu would not be interested in this project. If he was really interested, when he knew that Larry Page was doing his best for this project, he would probably back off.

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said to Larry Page, "This is a great dream. I think you can make it come true."

Larry Page heaved a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "Makino Technology is also great. I think YY has the opportunity to become the core product of human communication in the Internet world in the future. This kind of communication can be carried across borders. If YY goes well, it can even carry the online communication of all mankind."

Li Mu smiled humbly and said, "Mr. Page, the goal of carrying the entire human race is too ambitious. Right now, I just want to do a good job in the American market."

Larry Page looked at Li Mu and said, "Mr. Li, Internet products are the products with the least geographical restrictions. When Google was founded, it did not expect that it would reach this stage. At that time, I did not even dare to imagine that it would reach this stage. Now, Google has become a necessary online tool for people all over the world. Good products have no borders. As long as the product can be launched, it will definitely conquer more users. This principle also applies to YY."

Larry Page said, "In my opinion, YY is only one step away from becoming popular all over the world."

Li Mu could not help but ask, "What step?"

Larry Page said decisively, "Financing!

Ordinary companies use time to exchange for money, and great companies use money to exchange time. What YY needs now is to develop rapidly. After the financing is successful, we can immediately enter the global market. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "The financing is already in progress, but Makino Technology is not in a hurry."

Larry Page asked him, "Is there any capital that you are more inclined to?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "In theory, we will naturally be more inclined to whoever gives more money."

Larry Page said, "Let me recommend you a venture capital firm."

Li Mu asked Larry Page, "Mr. Page, are you going to recommend Sequoia to me?"

Larry Page's expression was a little unnatural. He said, "The most important round of financing for Google is led by Sequoia. Based on our long-term cooperation, I think Sequoia is definitely the best venture capital in this industry."

Li Mu said, "Sequoia is good, but for Makino Technology, it still depends on who gives more money."

Larry Page said, "Sequoia has a very strong capital relationship. If it goes public in the future, Sequoia will play a very big role. Sequoia is also planning for Google to go public. Once it goes public, the company's development will be even broader."

When Li Mu heard this, he asked with a smile, "Mr. Page, are you talking to Sequoia today?"

Hearing Li Mu say this, Larry Page was a little embarrassed. He scratched his head and said with a smile, "When the CEO of Sequoia heard that I was going to meet with you, he deliberately told me to find a way to persuade you."

"Persuade me?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Persuade me about what?

Persuade me to accept their 16.5 billion USD offer? "

Larry Page quickly said, "Of course not. The 16.5 billion USD is because they don't have enough understanding of the actual value of Makino Technology. Now they have set a new price, and it is a very sincere price. However, they don't have a chance to sit down and have a good chat with you, so they hope that I can help them convey a message that they want to talk to you in person."