Chapter 1328

Li Mu realized that he had underestimated the impact Plants vs Zombies had on the players of today.

Plants vs Zombies Online had broken twenty million players in just three hours!

That was a terrifying number!

Twenty million people playing the same game at the same time!

And they were completely immersed in it!

It was simply unbelievable!

The entire Makino Technology team was so nervous that they didn't even dare to take a deep breath. According to the settings of the game, most of the players were still immersed in the single player game. This was because when the players first logged into the game, they would start from the tutorial mode, then seamlessly transition to the single player game. At this time, the players in the game hadn't activated the online portion of the game yet. In other words, although the twenty million players had logged in using YY, they were still immersed in the single player game, and hadn't really impacted the server yet.

However, if twenty million people were to activate the online portion of the game, then the demand for the server would explode. Most importantly, no matter in any region of the world, this number was rapidly increasing.

Li Mu confirmed with Kong Lingyu and Fang Xudong the server's capacity. The two told Li Mu that with the game mode of Plants vs Zombies Online, as well as the amount of data, the global server could support thirty to forty million players at the same time.

If it was a large scale online game, it would be impossible to support thirty to forty million players at the same time. Luckily, Plants vs Zombies Online wasn't much different from a small software, and didn't have any game materials that needed to be loaded online. Just like Dou Dizhu in YY, it didn't require much data transfer. Even if fifty million players were playing Dou Dizhu at the same time, it wouldn't put too much pressure on the server.

Li Mu was relieved. His expertise wasn't in games, and he didn't have a deep understanding of the technical aspects of games. Luckily, Makino Technology already had a very capable technical team.

Kong Lingyu's voice was trembling with excitement as he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, can this game exceed thirty million players at the same time?"

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "In our YY, the number of players online at the same time has already exceeded a hundred million. Using this data, it wouldn't be surprising if Plants vs Zombies Online reached fifty million."

After all, YY was a global super product. It was currently serving more than ninety percent of the world's netizens, and Plants vs Zombies Online was completely tied to it. With such a high level of market recognition, it wasn't a dream to exceed fifty million online players.

Plants vs Zombies, which was supposed to be released in 2009, was released six years early. The shock it brought to the world was unimaginable.

The technology, hardware, and space requirements of the game itself were not high. The hardware requirements were much lower than those of the popular standalone and online games. However, the concept of the game was ahead of its time. Therefore, it was like the strongest storm, quickly sweeping the entire Internet world.

Plants vs Zombies Online had been released for three and a half hours. Under Li Mu's command, the online portion of the game was activated.

As a result, the NPC Michelle popped up on all the players' screens. She blinked her eyes and told all the players, "Plants vs Zombies Online doesn't just allow you to challenge the levels in single player mode. You can also play online with your friends. Your friends are already building their own backyards, so what are you waiting for?"

A notification, announcing the official activation of the online portion.

The magically modified Plants vs Zombies Online allowed the players to manage their own gardens like a happy farm, growing all sorts of plants. Plants needed time to grow, and at the same time, they had to be on guard against their friends stealing from them.

Through planting plants and activating the Zombies Battle System, the players could level up and accumulate gold. The higher the level, the more plants they could grow. However, plants had a lifespan, and would wither when their lifespan was up. They would have to be uprooted and replaced with new plants. In the end, they would have to continuously level up to increase the size of their gardens, the defense level, and the level of the plants. This was basically the core gameplay of stealing vegetables.

Apart from that, the most interactive aspect of the game was the Instance Dungeon. Players could invite their friends to fight the Zombies Battle Instance Dungeon together. The original solo mode could be changed to two, three, or even four players. The more people there were, the bigger the map, and the more zombies there would be. That way, everyone would have to work together to defend against the large number of zombies.

The Instance Dungeon was limitless. Players could team up with their friends to run the Instance Dungeon. Not only would they gain experience and gold, they would also get many random items. This was a huge boost to the players' motivation to run the Instance Dungeon.

When the players started to experience the rich and varied online modes, it was like they had opened up a whole new world. They were even more addicted to it.

Five hours after the game went online, the number of online players exceeded thirty million!

At this time, it was already two o 'clock in the morning for Hua Xia, so a significant portion of the users had already gone offline. At this time, the majority of the users were from North America and Europe. As Europe and America gradually woke up, the game set off a huge wave in Europe and America at lightning speed!

YY used a huge banner to announce a piece of shocking news to the world's netizens:

Plants vs Zombies Online had been online for five hours, and the number of players online had exceeded thirty million!

Five hours, thirty million?!

In the eyes of everyone in the industry, this was an impossible legend!

However, even if everyone in the industry felt that this number was unbelievable, no one suspected that Makino Technology was lying.

This game was too magical. As long as the mouse was double-clicked to start the game, the players would unknowingly spend at least half an hour in the game. They wouldn't be able to escape even if they wanted to, because they wouldn't remember to escape at all!

Under this wave of global obsession, Li Mu successfully attracted the attention of all the netizens.

Yesterday, the media in their country was still exaggerating the great harm of SARS, as well as exaggerating Hua Xia's responsibility in the SARS issue. This made them anxious and dissatisfied with Hua Xia. However, the next moment, Hua Xia's people developed a game that made them crazy.

-Do you know what SARS is? -

-Sorry, I don't have time for this. -

-Aren't you afraid of SARS? -

-It doesn't exist. I'm only afraid of zombies that can jump, because my nut wall can't stop them … -

– Do you think that the Huaxia government's efforts to control SARS …

Hua Xia?

Oh, I love Hua Xia!

This game by Hua Xia's people is a work of genius!

I must work hard to become the number one person among my friends!

…

Li Mu fell asleep in his excitement. When he woke up, he realized that the whole world had changed.

Ever since SARS was given a global warning by the WHO, the first thing he did every day after waking up was to use his computer to check the news from all over the country and the world. He wanted to see the development of the epidemic, as well as the public opinion around the world.

However, when he woke up today, basically all the headlines on the internet had nothing to do with SARS. Instead, it was Plants vs Zombies Online!

After a quick glance, he realized that a bunch of Plants vs Zombies Online news headlines were occupying the best spots on all the major platforms.

"Makino Technology has once again brought out its killer weapon. Plants vs Zombies Online is sweeping the world!"

"Plants vs Zombies Online exploded after its release. Hua Xia's internet company is leading the world!"

"Unprecedented speed of development, Hua Xia's people have shocked the world again!"

"Makino Technology has created another miracle, the time is ripe for an IPO!"

"The hottest game of the year was born in March!"

"I secretly played Plants vs Zombies Online at work, and the entire Wall Street almost went offline!"

Under the impact of the game's huge popularity, SARS almost instantly lost the huge amount of attention it originally had. The people were crazily chasing after Plants vs Zombies Online, so much so that the media all gave it their headlines to attract users. Overnight, SARS went cold, and the overseas people's opinion and attitude towards Hua Xia's people that kept on falling also stopped, and automatically made up for it through the popularity of the game.

Most of the users in front of their computers were playing Plants vs Zombies Online, and the game had gained so many users overnight. Players were discussing the game on all the major social media platforms, analyzing the playstyle and strategies of the game. There were countless related content on the internet, but there were almost no negative reviews of the game on the internet.

The game seemed to have stimulated the whole world's excitement, and set off a national carnival!

Other than Li Mu, Yang Ma was also the happiest.

Yang Ma originally shouldered the huge responsibility of changing the direction of the world's public opinion, but she lacked enough global influence, so it was extremely difficult to push this responsibility forward. She had no choice but to seek help from Li Mu, hoping that through Li Mu's online media, she could spread her voice to the world.

The video that Li Mu released on YY yesterday made Yang Ma feel very happy. Li Mu's style was already very high, and he chose the perfect point of entry. He didn't explain, didn't try to clear his name, and didn't try to defend himself, but instead directly said, "Diseases have always been the common enemy of the world, and SARS is the same. It concerns the safety of all humans, and requires all humans to work together. Therefore, you shouldn't blame Hua Xia, but should thank and support Hua Xia, because it is helping the entire world to fight against SARS."

Li Mu's brilliant point of entry made many of Yang Ma's experienced media workers applaud. He had pulled the issue to such a height, and was almost standing on Mount Everest. It would be extremely difficult for the other party to retaliate.