Chapter 589

The backend of Easy Listening Network showed that the song had been played 250,000 times before 8 o 'clock. Compared with many songs that had been played millions or even tens of millions of times, this number was really nothing.

However, at 8: 30 o 'clock, YY's traffic continued to pour in, and the song had been played an astonishing 3.2 million times, and the number was still rising. Not only did a considerable number of users repeatedly play the song, but many users began to recommend the song to their friends in private messages or group chats.

Then, Mo Wenwei's Tieba also became popular.

A large number of users who listened to the song followed the sound, and hundreds of thousands of people gathered in the Tieba to praise the song. For a time, Mo Wenwei's Tieba became the most visited Tieba tonight.

At 11 o 'clock in the evening in Hong Kong, Mo Wenwei had just fallen asleep when she received a call from her agent in Rolling Stone. As soon as she picked up the phone, her agent shouted excitedly in a Taiwanese accent, "Karen, have you paid attention to the developments on the mainland's Internet?"

Mo Wenwei asked curiously, "The mainland's Internet?

What's wrong? "

"Oh, such a big thing, why didn't you do it?"

Mo Wenwei said, "What's wrong?"

The agent shouted excitedly, "You're popular!

You're completely popular this time!

Do you know how many times the song 'The Fruit of Midsummer' in your new album was played on the mainland's Internet tonight? "

"How many times?" Mo Wenwei asked curiously.

"6,880,000 times!"

Mo Wenwei was so shocked that she suddenly sat up from the bed and asked, "What did you say?

Six million eight hundred eighty thousand views? "

"Yes!" The agent said again, "Also, let me tell you, your Tieba is now completely popular!

You have more than 700,000 fans in one night, and the netizens in the mainland are all praising your song in your Tieba. It's a grand event on the Internet! "

Mo Wenwei was a little confused. "Why did there suddenly be so many plays and attention in one night?

Isn't this too scary? "

"Because YY in the mainland made a super awesome pop-up recommendation for you!

Let me tell you, how powerful this pop-up is!

As long as it is pushed, tens of millions of netizens on the Internet will see it at the same time. There are only 22 million people in the whole of Taiwan, and more than 10 million people will see a pop-up. Don't you think it's amazing? "

Mo Wenwei felt dizzy. As a star, the most sensitive thing was data, such as the box office of the movie, the album sales, the song ranking, and the number of requests. There was an extremely sensitive calculator in the brain of a star. They could convert the relevant data into influence in the shortest time possible.

Mo Wenwei's music was not very popular in the mainland. In 1998, the album sales in the mainland were announced to the public to be 400,000 copies, but in fact, the total sales volume was less than 300,000. There were not many commercial performances, and the appearance price had been low. The most important reason was the lack of exposure in the mainland. Now, the title song of his new album had been played nearly 7 million times overnight. This kind of exposure was simply unimaginable.

Thinking of YY, Mo Wenwei was a little confused at first, and then suddenly realized that this was Li Mu's industry. Because YY was not popular in Hong Kong, he only remembered the names of Makino Technology and Makino Image, and did not deliberately remember YY.

But now that he thought about it, he and Li Mu only met once. Why did he quietly help to promote his new album?

After a moment of confusion, Mo Wenwei suddenly thought of Du Wei and suddenly understood.

She was very smart and quickly figured out the interest relationship. Although she did not know whether Du Wei took the initiative to ask Li Mu to help promote her new album, Li Mu must have helped to promote it for the sake of Du Wei.

At this time, Mo Wenwei's agent said, "Now the number of views of your song is still increasing. I just refreshed it, and it has already reached 7 million!"

Mo Wenwei hurriedly asked her, "What's the website address?

I'll check it now. "

Then she got up and went out of the bedroom, turning on the computer in her study.

Mo Wenwei did not know much about the mainland's Internet. She was most familiar with Tieba, because she often visited her own Tieba. Although she did not have many fans, most of the content in the Tieba was supporting and praising her, which could still satisfy the vanity of a star. As for Easy Listening, she did not know much about it.

Mo Wenwei often heard people from record companies talking about the infringement of the mainland's Internet. In fact, it had been difficult for record companies in Hong Kong and Taiwan to enter the mainland market for so many years, mainly because of piracy.

Before 2000, they had been talking about pirated tapes and CDs in the mainland. Because of the imperfect laws, record companies in Hong Kong and Taiwan had no way to deal with domestic pirates. Generally speaking, when the new album of the traditional version had just been launched in Hong Kong and Taiwan, and the simplified version in the mainland had not yet been produced, the pirates had already sold pirated tapes and CDs everywhere. The production cost of piracy was extremely low, and the price of a tape was only one or two yuan, which was not even enough for the record companies. Naturally, there was no way to compete with them. Moreover, the record companies had no sales channels in the mainland at all. Most of the audio-visual stores only sold pirated versions. The crudely made pirated versions were sold as pirated versions, and the beautifully made pirated versions were sold as genuine ones. Anyway, it was difficult for consumers to distinguish them.

After 2000, the problem of pirated tapes and CDs had not been solved, and online music emerged like mushrooms after a spring rain. Many websites posted pirated music online for users to listen to and download for free, which became a more powerful weapon. Not only did record companies suffer, but also pirates. However, there were so many pirated music websites in the mainland.

Although it was also a pirated music platform, it had truly become an influential music platform. Moreover, it had a supporting celebrity Tieba, which was a great help to promote the popularity of the celebrities. Simple Plan and Du Wei were both popular on the Easy Listening website, so they had tens of millions of audition data on the Internet. Just this data alone was enough to prove their popularity. It was said that the performance market of the mainland's singers depended on the Easy Listening website's ranking and audition data to a large extent, and then the data of the singer's Tieba fans. The better the overall data, the higher the value of the singer.

Mo Wenwei was a singer with a long-term vision. What she cared about was not how many albums she could sell, but how many fans she had in the mainland and how much influence she had. If even pirates could not be bothered to pirate a singer's album, then the singer's reputation would undoubtedly be very bad. If the entire mainland was filled with a singer's pirated album, then the singer's popularity would be frighteningly high. For example, Teresa Teng, The Four Heavenly Kings, Tan Yonglin, and Zhang Guorong.

When Mo Wenwei saw that her song "Midsummer Fruit" was being played tens of thousands of times per minute on the Easy Listening website, her heart was filled with excitement and ecstasy. When she saw that the number of fans on her Tieba kept increasing, the number of posts kept increasing, and the content praising her increased, her mood was even better.

Unknowingly, she read the posts on the Tieba until 12: 30 am. Mo Wenwei could not help but refresh the page of "Midsummer Fruit" and found that the number of views had exceeded ten million!

This speed was simply unbelievably fast.

Even Simple Plan and Du Wei had not received this kind of treatment. YY's full user recommendation window was simply YY's greatest promotion.

Mo Wenwei almost did not sleep that night.

At around five o 'clock the next morning, the number of views had reached 13 million. At this time, she really could not bear it anymore and fell asleep.

When she woke up, it was already two o 'clock in the afternoon. One call after another from her agent woke her up. When she answered the phone in a daze, her agent said excitedly on the other end of the phone, "Karen, the number of views on the Internet has already reached 22 million!

I heard from my friends in the mainland that your song is playing on the streets and alleys today. Many mainland entertainment companies have called to arrange a commercial performance schedule with us!

They must have realized that you are going to be very popular in the mainland, so they want to quickly settle a cooperation with you!

And the price is getting higher and higher. Some companies have already doubled their original price, but I haven't agreed to any of them yet. "

Mo Wenwei suddenly woke up completely and said in surprise, "That amazing?"

"Yes!

Even the boss was shocked. He said that he never dreamed that an Internet company could have such a strong ability to create stars. Your popularity in the mainland now is just like that of a popular singer who has just appeared on the Spring Festival Gala! "

Mo Wenwei hurriedly said, "Oh, then I have to make a phone call quickly to thank him!"

The agent hurriedly reminded her, "The boss asked me to tell you to make a good relationship with Makino Technology. He also said that whether Rolling Stone can regain its glory or not depends on you!"

Rolling Stone had not had a good time in recent years. As the largest Chinese record company in the 1990s, it was also the biggest victim of the rise of the Internet. Before Mo Wenwei, Ren Xianqi was the last superstar supported by Rolling Stone. Apart from him, the rest were all a bunch of old guns. Now it was a time when the young and the old could not catch up. YY suddenly promoted Mo Wenwei's "Fruit of Midsummer". For the senior management of Rolling Stone, it was like a spring breeze suddenly came and thousands of pear trees blossomed. Although Rolling Stone was deeply affected by the Internet, at this moment, they also realized the great influence of the Internet, so they immediately keenly asked Mo Wenwei to make a good relationship with them. If this resource could be used repeatedly, it would be of great significance to Rolling Stone.

After hearing this, Mo Wenwei couldn't help but feel a little nervous. She had a lot of feelings for Rolling Stone. Of course, she also hoped that Rolling Stone could have a chance to regain its glory. If Li Mu really had this ability, then the responsibility she shouldered would be too great.

Mo Wenwei did not have Li Mu's phone number. At this moment, she could only call Du Wei. During the call, Mo Wenwei also sighed in her heart. This was a good karma. At first, because Zhang Guorong favored Du Wei, she respected Zhang Guorong and then cared a little more for Du Wei. Unexpectedly, just a few days after Du Wei left, the good karma fell on her head …