Chapter 459

"Xinran, do you know them?"

Su Yuehua looked at her daughter in surprise and pointed at the man and woman kneeling in front of her, who were older than her. She didn't understand what was going on in front of her.

Wang Xinran nodded and said angrily, "They are the admissions director and performance director of the Film Academy …"

Wang Shaohua was dumbfounded. Were they really directors of the Film Academy?

Why did they come to his door and kowtow in the middle of the night?

Xu and Dan were also forced to do this. If they could get Li Mu to let them go, they would do anything. Otherwise, the sun tomorrow morning might be the last time they would see the sun in a free state. Ten years was the minimum sentence, and the maximum sentence was life imprisonment. Moreover, Li Mu had such a strong relationship with the media. At the thought of this, the two almost collapsed in panic.

Wang Xinran roughly told her parents what happened at dinner tonight. When she finished, Wang Shaohua, who had always been good-tempered, was also angry.

He originally thought that his daughter was pushed down because her grades were not good enough, but he didn't expect that there was a secret behind it. His daughter's grades were secretly lowered by these two unscrupulous people!

Director Xu cried with tears on his face, "We were also careless. We just went back to school overnight and rearranged all the grades …"

Saying this, he took out an art examination score notice from his pocket and handed it to Wang Shaohua with both hands. He said, "Wang Xinran, please take a look at the score of the art examination this time. This is the corrected transcript."

Wang Shaohua took the transcript and looked at it carefully. It showed that Wang Xinran's score in the art examination was 85.5. She ranked eighth in this year's art examination, which was quite an impressive score. Thinking of his daughter's grievance today, Wang Shaohua was so angry that he wanted to slap her.

Su Yuehua was also furious. She understood that these two people came here because they were afraid that Li Mu would report their illegal behavior to the media. She didn't soften her heart because they came to beg for forgiveness. Instead, she felt that they were disgusting and filthy.

At this time, Chief Physician Dan moved toward the room on his knees and cried, "We came to disturb you in the middle of the night because we wanted to ask your family to forgive us for our momentary foolishness. Please give us a chance on account of our efforts to correct ourselves. Please!"

As he spoke, Chief Physician Dan kowtowed again.

Department Director Xu kowtowed as well. His balding hairstyle looked even more disheveled. He reminded himself in his heart, 'A man should know when to yield and when to stand tall. In the face of prison and confiscation of income, what's the big deal about kowtowing and kneeling?'

As long as he could keep the peace, it was worth it even if he had to knock his head on the ground.

Su Yuehua didn't buy it and shouted, "You used my daughter's future for personal gain. We will never forgive this kind of behavior. Leave. The law will naturally give us a fair explanation. There's no need for you to correct it!"

When Director Dan heard this, he immediately burst into tears. "Please calm down. Don't stoop to our level. We both have our own families. My two children are still studying abroad. If something happens to me, what will happen to them …"

Chief Physician Dan could not help but speak from the bottom of his heart, but he did not expect that it would completely enrage Wang Shaohua. "Where did you get the money for your two children to study abroad?

Isn't it better than what you've sacrificed one child after another? "

When Department Chief Xu saw that the other party was unmoved, he used his trump card. He slapped his own face with both hands and cried, "We were wrong!

We were wrong! "

After repeating it six times and slapping him six times, he begged in a tearful voice, "We all made a mistake in a moment of confusion, but we also deserve a chance to turn over a new leaf. Please do us a favor and tell Li Mu to stop pursuing this matter. We are willing to compensate you. How much should we compensate you? Just tell us a number …"

Su Yuehua said righteously, "I don't need your compensation, and I don't need your hypocritical apology. Please leave my house, immediately!"

Director Dan persevered and said, "Please be merciful. Otherwise, both of our families will be finished …"

Su Yuehua instantly exploded and shouted, "If you don't leave, I will call the police!" After that, she immediately turned back to the room and took out her mobile phone to call 110.

When Director Xu saw this situation, he knew that it was useless to plead. If she really called the police, it would be even more troublesome. He had no choice but to get up and leave with Director Dan.

After the two of them left, Su Yuehua let out a long sigh and said to Wang Shaohua, "With Li Mu's influence, what will happen to them?"

Wang Shaohua thought for a moment, "If things get out of hand and get to court, they won't be able to stop it for at least 15 years, right?"

Su Yuehua nodded gently and clenched her fists. She said excitedly, "Good, very good!"

After that, she turned to Su Yingxue and said, "Yingxue, tell Li Mu that aunt wants to treat him to a meal. The three of us want to thank him in person. Ask him when he will be free."

…

After Zhang Lan got home, she called her husband who was far away in Japan. Over the phone, she angrily told her husband about what happened to her and her daughter.

At this time, Chen Guanghua was in Japan to discuss a major cooperation project. He started his business in plastic products. More than ten years ago, he and his wife were employees of a state-owned plastic factory. Later, when the domestic production was restructured, Chen Guanghua was smart enough to buy the plastic factory's production line at a very low price through the back door and started his own business.

Later, with the development of the domestic automobile manufacturing industry, his plastic factory began to look for a transformation and set foot in the manufacturing of auto parts. However, it was basically making various kinds of low-standard and low-technology plastic parts needed in cars. At present, his main partners were several domestic truck brands, and he had always wanted to enter the domestic passenger car market. However, the lack of production technology, brand awareness, and the lack of passenger car channels made it difficult for his products to gain a foothold in the domestic passenger car market, which was more demanding.

Some time ago, Chen Guanghua learned that a subsidiary of a large Japanese conglomerate intended to migrate its production line to China and establish a joint venture with the local related enterprises in order to catch up with the rapid development of the domestic car market in Hua Xia. For domestic manufacturers in the early 21st century, joint ventures meant market competitiveness. Chen Guanghua hoped to facilitate this cooperation and then realize a big leap in his own industry.

When he received the call, Chen Guanghua had just had dinner with the representative from the Japanese side. After a few days of contact, the other party had a certain degree of approval of his company's situation. Both parties had already agreed to sign the contract tomorrow. Chen Guanghua was also waiting to win this cooperation and return to China in triumph.

In the establishment of a joint venture factory, the Japanese side would provide the technology, equipment, and patents, while he would provide the manpower, labor, money, and location. In addition, the Japanese side would provide the sales channels after the factory was built and put into production. He didn't dare to say anything else, but several Japanese automobile companies had now established joint ventures in China. The demand for plastic parts was huge, and there was no need to worry about the sales of the products.

After returning to the hotel, the high-spirited Chen Guanghua heard about the encounter of his wife and daughter. He was furious and immediately asked about Li Mu's background. After listening to Zhang Lan's story, Chen Guanghua said angrily, "Damn it, just because you have a little fame in the education system, you don't know what you're worth!

Tomorrow, I will go back after signing the contract with the Japanese manufacturer. At that time, I will definitely help you and your daughter get revenge! "

Zhang Lan reminded him, "That guy has a good relationship with Li Tong. Li Tong canceled your membership card on the spot in the restaurant."

"Li Tong's friend?" Chen Guanghua was stunned and murmured in his heart.

Li Tong's family could be ranked in the top 20 in Yan Jing. No matter whether it was wealth or connections, they were very strong. On the other hand, Chen Guanghua himself started from nothing and didn't have any powerful family connections. Now, he was worth more than one billion yuan and had an annual income of tens of millions. Although he was also a standard rich man, compared to Li Tong, he was still far behind.

Zhang Lan also said, "Xu and Dan seem to be afraid of him. Just now, Xu's wife called me and asked me to return the money I gave her. I think he doesn't want to help our Yueyue get into school. Yueyue is now making a fuss. She said that if there is any accident in the school, she will die in front of us."

After listening to this, Chen Guanghua smacked his lips and said to the phone with a gloomy face, "Well, wait for me to go back and talk about this in detail. Li Tong is awesome. We don't need to rely on him to earn a penny, and there is no need to be afraid of him. After I get this contract tomorrow, it will be a Sino-Japanese joint venture in the future. Whoever wants to cause trouble will have to think twice first."

…

Li Tong felt guilty the whole night.

His friend was eating in his restaurant and was angered by a customer in his restaurant. But he wasn't there. This made him feel that he had done something wrong.

After thinking about it again and again, he told Hui Ka Ming about this matter. Hui Ka Ming was also furious when he heard about it. He asked about the background of the other party. Li Tong had a certain understanding of the members in his restaurant, so he told him about Chen Guanghua's situation.

Hui Ka Ming didn't say much and immediately asked someone to investigate Chen Guanghua's background.

What happened in Fayue Restaurant was not only spread by the media, but also by the circle in Beijing. Some people were there during the meal and gossiped with their friends. Soon, the news spread and even reached Chen Ze's ears.

Chen Ze called Hui Ka Ming in the middle of the night and asked, "Have you heard about Li Mu?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "Yes, Li Tong called me."

Chen Ze said, "Li Mu has informed all the media to report him. It seems like this matter has angered him a lot."

Xu Jiaming said, "Yeah, other than 3321, he's been very low-key about everything else. This time, he made such a big deal out of it. He must be anxious."

Chen Ze said, "Both of us are shareholders of Makino Technology. We don't do much, so we can't let him feel aggrieved when something happens to him outside. I have more or less understood Chen Guanghua's situation. His factory, production line, warehouse, and logistics are all in Beijing. I will take care of everything in Beijing. You can decide the rest."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Okay, I have also found out that he is in Japan negotiating with a Japanese company. He is about to sign the contract. Coincidentally, our family has been working with the parent company of that Japanese company for more than ten years. It is not an exaggeration to say that we are the most important business partner in China. So, he will definitely not be able to sign the contract tomorrow."

When Chen Ze heard this, he understood. Before he could say anything, Hui Ka Ming had already thought of the same thing. So he smiled and said, "Let's do this well and invite him out for dinner after we are done. I have something to discuss with him."

"Okay, shall we invite Li Tong?"