Chapter 1290

"Land Rover?

What kind of future does it have? "

After hearing Li Mu's question, Cai Zhengmao answered almost without thinking, and his face was full of contempt.

Li Mu pretended to be curious and asked him, "So, you are not optimistic about this brand?"

Cai Zhengmao nodded and said, "To be honest, that kind of crappy car, Land Rover, is really not in line with the national conditions in China. The brand is not famous enough, and the key is that the car is too ugly!

It's so ugly that it makes people's hair stand on end!

None of my friends think it looks good, and it's expensive!

The performance is boasted to the sky by the British, but I think it's nothing special. There are not many people who play off-road in China. Who would be willing to buy it? "

Speaking of this, Cai Zhengmao added, "But Land Rover is going to officially enter Hua Xia this year, and it will soon set up an office in China. I bet there will be no development."

Li Mu nodded. "I don't deny that the Range Rover is really ugly, but it doesn't mean that it can't be popular."

Cai Zhengmao explained, "Brother Li, to be honest, you may not know much about cars. Not only is the Land Rover ugly, but because of its large displacement, the price is very high when it is imported to China, and the price-performance ratio is even lower. The most important thing is that the Land Rover's manufacturing process is not very good, and there are many small problems. It's difficult for such a car to be sold in the market."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Let me tell you, if the operating methods are in place, the ugly Land Rover may also make many people feel that it is good-looking. Many people will treat it as a Dream-car, and then it will be sold all over the country. It will be so popular that if you want to buy an existing car, you will have to add a hundred or two hundred thousand yuan."

Cai Zhengmao looked at Li Mu as if he was listening to a book from heaven. After a while, he said, "Brother Li, how awesome a brainwashing expert must be to do this …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Everything is possible. Maybe we will have this ability in the future."

Cai Zhengmao could not imagine that Land Rover would be extremely popular in Hua Xia in the future. The Range Rover would become synonymous with the nouveau riche, and the brand premium would suddenly break through the sky. So much so that the later launched Land Rover Aurora, even had the abnormal phenomenon of increasing the price by two or three hundred thousand yuan to buy an existing car.

Land Rover Aurora, an SUV with a length of only 4.37 meters, shamelessly crowned itself as a medium-sized SUV. While the street's Honda CRV was 4.58 meters long, it was 20 centimeters longer than Aurora of Rover, it was a compact SUV …

It was one thing to skip grades, but this car was to use the gimmick of Victoria's participation in the design of this car to engage in hunger marketing in China. At the very beginning, the price of a car that cost 400,000 to 500,000 had exceeded 800,000. Who would dare to think of such a crazy thing?

But it really happened.

Although Li Mu did not do the car trade, he had a certain understanding of cars. This kind of understanding might not be as professional and in-depth as people like Cai Zhengmao, but with his knowledge of the next ten years, he knew a lot of things that Cai Zhengmao did not dare to dream about.

For example, Li Mu knew how luxury car brands like Land Rover and Maserati became popular. Interestingly, although these two brands entered the Hua Xia market earlier, they did not have much breakthrough in the Hua Xia market. The real rise of these two benefited from two explosive events.

In the early years, the Land Rover Range Rover was really ugly, and the rich people in Hua Xia really did not like this big, ugly, and expensive thing. Land Rover was a brand with a history of a hundred years, and it had always been a very small brand in the early stage of development in the country.

And what made this brand popular was not a bad * ss car model, nor was it an overwhelming advertisement or adverts. It was a sentence from the second male lead, Song Siming, in a popular drama, "Dwelling Narrowness." In the drama, he vividly portrayed the identity of a successful man. So when he said to Hai Zao, "A man should have a Land Rover," this brand became completely popular.

When the rich realized that this thing had become popular all over the country and had become the ultimate car model that a man should have, they did not care about ugly and expensive. When they drove the Land Rover, they would be envied and worshipped by countless people on the street, because those people also knew that this was a so-called car that a man should have.

In his previous life, Li Mu felt that this point of view was really deceptive. How could a Land Rover be a car that a man should have?

What right did it have to be a spokesperson for men?

But now that he thought about it, this kind of brand marketing method was really brilliant, extremely brilliant.

Looking back at the plot of "Dwelling Narrowness," it was originally a drama about a successful man who had a mistress, and the mistress betrayed her boyfriend for money. But the scriptwriter was really smart. He made Song Siming, who was obviously a bad character, full of charm. He was generous, gentle, and considerate to women, and when he protected them, he was always domineering. Therefore, not only did the female audience think that he was good, but the male audience was also subdued by his charm and domineering aura. They always felt that this was what a real man should be like. On the other hand, the first male lead's girlfriend was slept with, and no one really sympathized with him. Many people were led astray by the scriptwriter and the actors. They felt that a successful man like Song Siming should have a woman like Hai Zao, and the first male lead was a combination of poverty, incompetence, and childishness.

Song Siming became a real successful man in the eyes of the audience, and then his words became the truth of a real successful man. Song Siming said that a man should have a Land Rover, so a bunch of people rushed to buy a Land Rover, and the rest of the people dreamed of buying a Land Rover.

You said that a Land Rover was ugly?

Sorry, a man should have a Land Rover.

You said that a Land Rover had a lot of small problems?

Sorry, a man should have a Land Rover.

Although a Land Rover was ugly as it should be, it had reached a new height. This height allowed it to open up a market in a country with a population of 1.3 billion, and its sales increased exponentially.

Thinking back on this matter, this kind of operation needed to be done at the right time, place, and people. If the plot was a little bad, it wouldn't work; if the actors were a little bad, it wouldn't work; if the TV series itself couldn't keep up with the publicity, it wouldn't work either.

While Li Mu admired the scriptwriter, he also wondered how much the Land Rover would sell for if he produced "Dwelling Narrowness" in the future.

According to the actual value, selling it for a billion wouldn't be too much, right?

However, there was definitely no car company that would be willing to pay so much for a product placement before they could see the results.

Therefore, such a miraculous product placement, based on the actual transaction price and subsequent actual value, would definitely result in a loss. In fact, it would be a huge loss.

Instead of that, it would be better to keep it for himself. He could wait for Elon Musk to create the prototype of Tesla, and he could buy a car company like BYD, which had a sufficient industrial base and scale. Then, he could mix the two together to create a new energy car brand, Hua Xia.

If it was still called Tesla, then the car that Song Siming drove in "Dwelling Narrowness" might be a Tesla car that Li Mu had invested in and produced by Hua Xia. Then, his lines would become: A man should have a Tesla …

As for the rise of the Maserati brand in China, it was somewhat ironic. This brand was similar to Land Rover and had a small audience. The reason why it became so popular was because of the huge national scandal caused by a woman named Mei Mei …

Without these two explosive events, the fate of these two brands in Hua Xia might not be much better than that of Fiat and Alfa Romeo.

Right now, both Land Rover and Maserati had not officially entered the Hua Xia market. Li Mu felt that this was an opportunity for CSC. He wanted these overseas luxury car brands to realize the power of CSC Club in promoting high-end brands. If he could win over Maserati and fight a beautiful publicity battle, then it was very likely that most luxury car brands would have to cooperate with CSC Club in the future.

Li Mu's goal was to use Maserati to create a model, so that in the future, high-end car brands would take the initiative to cooperate with CSC Club. Once this kind of inertia was formed, CSC Club would become an existence full of metaphysics in the eyes of high-end brands. It would make them think that since they were making high-end products, it would be better to cooperate with CSC Club as much as possible.

And the root of in-depth cooperation was to take out money.

Cai Zhengmao and Chen Ze had never seen a precedent of a plan that could make a brand popular all over the country, so they did not understand where Li Mu's confidence came from. However, they could also understand how broad the market prospects Li Mu was talking about were. Therefore, Cai Zhengmao immediately expressed that he would do his best to communicate with Maserati and bite down on their publicity budget.

He and Chen Ze were very clear in their hearts that no matter what the follow-up operations were, they had to bite down on it first. The rest would be left to Li Mu. Li Mu naturally had his unique way of doing things.

…

In the following days, CSC Club's online criticism did not decrease, but instead increased. Zhao Kang specifically called to remind Li Mu that there seemed to be someone adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes, wanting to use CSC Club's matter to pour dirty water on Li Mu.

Of all the businesses that Li Mu was currently operating, only CSC Club seemed to have some loopholes that could be exploited. Therefore, some people who did not want to see Li Mu on the altar for a long time began their own small tricks.

Some people said that Li Mu was a man who wanted to be in the upper class. What he had been saying in front of the public was nothing more than to package himself. His real pursuit was to set up a high-end club and hang out with those rich playboys of the upper class.

Some people also said that Li Mu had always been pretending, pretending to always stand with the masses, always speaking for the masses, always being a part of the masses, but in fact, he had long drawn a clear line between himself and the masses.

Li Mu did not pay attention to any of these comments. He was indeed standing too high. In the business family, whether it was his career, money, or the foundation of the masses, he stood at the peak of the country's businessmen. There were definitely many people who did not like him. At this time, it was normal for them to want to take the opportunity to step on him.

In the words that Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, if they want to step on him, then let them step on him. The more they step on him, the harder they will slap him in the face in the future. Misunderstandings and misunderstandings will always happen, but if there was a profound experience, it would be much better in the future.

When Spielberg came to Hua Xia, when the Undying Veterans Foundation and CSC Club's donations were announced, and when his attitude of leading CSC Club members to contribute more to society was announced, it would be the best time to slap these people in the face.