Chapter 1078

Pacific-Palisades was a wealthy area in Los Angeles. It was next to the beautiful West Coast of the United States. The area wasn't big, and the people who lived there were basically A-list Hollywood stars.

Spielberg's villa in Pacific-Palisades was quite luxurious. Compared to it, the Ziyun Villa in Yanjing that Li Mu had bought from Wei Lan was nothing. On the one hand, the area and scale couldn't be compared to this villa. On the other hand, the scenery here was impeccable. The mountain view, the sea view, and the city view were all very good. In comparison, the only scenery in Ziyun Villa was the artificial lake next to Li Mu's villa.

Most Hollywood stars knew how to enjoy themselves, and Spielberg was no exception. The villa occupied a large area. The garage alone could easily accommodate eight cars. Twenty or thirty cars could be parked on both sides of the courtyard.

After the motorcade stopped in the courtyard, Spielberg's butler, who had been waiting for a long time, opened the door of the luxury limousine.

As the dinner party started at seven o 'clock in the evening, many stars from Los Angeles had already arrived. They were having a small gathering in the villa. The butler told Spielberg, "Mr. DiCaprio, Mr. Maguire, and Miss Winslet have arrived."

Spielberg nodded slightly and smiled at Li Mu. "Some friends have already arrived. Let's go in."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, I've always liked Mr. DiCaprio. This time, I finally have the chance to meet him in person."

Spielberg gave a gentlemanly smile, then said to Elon Musk, "Mr. Musk, please come in."

Elon Musk nodded and followed Li Mu and Spielberg. The three of them walked side by side into Spielberg's luxury villa.

Spielberg's charity dinner was held in the banquet hall of his villa. The banquet hall on the first floor had an area of about three to four hundred square meters. It was decorated in a European style, luxurious yet dignified.

As it wasn't time for the media to open yet, the banquet hall wasn't noisy. Jazz music was playing on the speakers, and a bunch of waiters were busy working. In front of the bar, a few people that Li Mu was very familiar with were sitting or standing, drinking and chatting.

There were a total of four people chatting. Among them, Li Mu recognized Leonardo DiCaprio at first glance. Little Li was not even thirty years old yet. He was already very young. Coupled with the fact that he had taken good care of himself and had a good temperament, he was indeed extraordinarily handsome.

Then, Li Mu recognized the slightly plump young woman next to him. She was Kate Winslet, the actress who had filmed Titanic with Leonardo.

Kate herself wasn't very beautiful, but her temperament and feeling made people feel very comfortable.

Next to Leonardo stood a man with a little baby fat on his face. However, he wasn't as cool and handsome as Leonardo. He looked slightly more ordinary. Li Mu took a closer look and realized that he was the actor who played Spider-Man. However, Li Mu couldn't remember his name at the moment.

There was also a middle-aged woman with a good temperament with the three of them, but Li Mu couldn't recognize her.

Spielberg accompanied Li Mu and Elon Musk in. When the four people who were chatting and laughing saw the three of them come in, they hurriedly looked over and watched the three of them approaching with smiles on their faces.

When they were in front of the four people, Spielberg introduced them to Li Mu and Elon Musk. "This is Leonardo DiCaprio, one of the best actors in Hollywood. He's very good."

Li Mu and Elon Musk both smiled and nodded at Leonardo. Leonardo took the initiative to stand up from the bar stool. With an especially serious expression, he extended his hand to Li Mu and said, "Hello, Mr. Li. I've seen your speech at Harvard. It was really wonderful and left a deep impression!"

Li Mu was a little excited. He shook hands with Leonardo and said humbly, "Hello, Mr. DiCaprio. Thank you for your praise. I'm a fan of your movies, and I really like your movies."

Leonardo said seriously, "You're my fan, and I'm your fan!"

Spielberg smiled and said to Li Mu, "Leonardo has always been full of praises for you. When he heard that you were going to attend this charity banquet, he kept telling me that I must get to know you."

Leonardo nodded and said with a smile, "That's right. Not only am I your fan, I'm also your user. I can't go online without YY."

At this moment, Kate Winslet smiled and said, "I often chat with Leonardo on YY. Not only that, we old friends even have a group chat. To be honest, this product is really great!"

After saying that, Kate Winslet extended her hand to Li Mu and introduced herself, "Hello, Mr. Li. I'm Kate Winslet."

Li Mu shook hands with Kate and said with a smile, "Miss Kate is even more beautiful in person than in the movies."

Kate smiled and said, "Thank you for your compliment!"

At this moment, Leonardo took the initiative to pull over a man who was about his age and introduced him to Li Mu, "This is Toby, Toby Maguire. He starred in Spider-Man. Mr. Li, you should have seen it before, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I'm a standard Marvel fan. This movie was adapted very well, and I like it very much."

After that, Li Mu reached out and shook hands with Tobey Maguire and asked him, "When will the second installment of" Spider-Man "start shooting?"

Toby Maguire said, "When the first part of Spider-Man started filming, the second and third parts were already in preparation. According to the plan, the second part will start filming in the second half of next year, and it will be released the year after next."

Li Mu said, "Doesn't that mean we have to wait for a year and a half?"

"More or less."

Toby Maguire nodded and said, "This is the arrangement of the investors, but I have already signed a contract with them. I will still be the main actor in the second part."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I will definitely go to the cinema to support you when the time comes."

At this time, Spielberg interrupted, "If you are still in the US next month, you can go to the cinema to watch my new film this year. Leonardo's performance is very good, and he should have a chance to be nominated for Best Actor at the Oscars next year."

Li Mu asked him, "Is it the 'Cat and Mouse' that you mentioned on the way here?"

"That's right."

Spielberg said, "This film is adapted from a real person's experience. It's a very legendary story."

Li Mu thought to himself, "I have seen this film before, but I don't remember what award Leonardo won for this film. But one thing is for sure, it was definitely not Best Actor at the Oscars."

Li Mu knew too well about Xiao Li's Oscars journey. Although this guy's acting skills were good, and he was also handsome, it seemed that he had no chance of winning an Oscar. He was nominated four times before he finally won an Oscar. Li Mu didn't know how many times he had seen news about him missing out on an Oscar. So with this historical memory in his mind, Li Mu was sure that Leonardo would not win an Oscar next year.

If he wanted to win an Oscar, he would have to wait at least another 14 years. He finally succeeded in 2016, so it seemed that he still had at least a decade to go.

After chatting with Leonardo for a while, Spielberg took the initiative to introduce him to the woman who had been chatting with the other three. He said, "Li Mu, this is my wife, Kate."

Only then did Li Mu suddenly realize that the middle-aged woman with the bad temperament was actually Spielberg's wife. He hurriedly took the initiative to extend his hand to her and said, "Hello, Mrs. Spielberg, I am Li Mu."

After the greetings, Li Mu was already acquainted with the four people, so he chatted with them. Spielberg was especially polite to Li Mu. He invited Li Mu to stay at his house that night. Seeing that Li Mu was a fan of Leonardo, he said to Li Mu, "If you are not in a hurry to leave, I can arrange a movie for you tomorrow. At that time, you can see 'Cat and Mouse' in advance. You don't have to wait until Christmas."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Thank you, Mr. Spielberg, but I think I'd better not trouble you. I'll go to the cinema after the movie is officially released. This way, I can still contribute to the box office of your film."

Spielberg smiled and said, "I'm afraid that you won't have time. For someone as busy as you, it should be rare for you to go to the cinema to watch a movie, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Although I'm a little busy, I will definitely go to the cinema to support this work."

As he said that, Li Mu took the initiative to give him a big gift. He said, "Currently, in North America, YY has an entertainment news push for all users every week. When the time comes, I can use YY to help you promote this movie. I believe it will bring a certain increase in the box office."

When Spielberg heard Li Mu's words, even though he was a well-known Hollywood director who had been through a lot, he was still pleasantly surprised by Li Mu's words!

Before this, although he knew that Li Mu's YY had a very large number of users and a very strong information delivery ability, he also had the idea of advertising the new film on YY. However, Li Mu's YY currently did not accept any paid advertising, so Spielberg gave up on the idea after understanding the situation.

However, he never dreamed that Li Mu would take the initiative to help him promote the new film that was about to be released. This was definitely a huge surprise, and a very valuable one at that!

"Cat and Mouse" was a movie produced by DreamWorks, and Spielberg himself was one of the founders and one of the bosses of DreamWorks. Therefore, the box office of "Cat and Mouse" was closely related to DreamWorks and Spielberg's interests.

Spielberg knew that Li Mu's YY was currently extremely popular in the United States. It had become a must-have software for almost all netizens. From this, it could be seen that YY's information delivery ability was definitely the best in the current American Internet industry. If it could promote "Cat and Mouse", it might bring millions or even tens of millions of dollars in box office increase!

…