Chapter 723

Twenty million yuan for 20% of Song Zhilei's shares. Li Mu couldn't imagine how Song Zhilei would feel after he took the shares and used the funds to revitalize Juncheng Real Estate.

However, Li Mu also knew very well that the capital field was so cruel. If you wanted to develop and make money, you must not be merciful. When the stock market bankers cut leeks, they never thought about how much effort and effort it took for the green leeks to grow to such a big size. They would only try their best to cut more leeks and cut more ruthlessly.

What's more, the market maker and the financial company would work together. The latter would first sell fertilizers, and the market maker would then harvest the leeks. It was truly tragic. In comparison, Li Mu's way of playing was considered gentle.

Juncheng Real Estate wasn't a listed company, but the way they harvested capital was the same as the market makers. When they wanted you to take over, they would use all their strength to portray hell as heaven; when they wanted you to get off, they would use all their strength to portray heaven as hell. When you were afraid, cowardly, and wanted to preserve your last bit of capital, you would get off midway or even jump out of the car.

Li Mu was such a market maker. He operated Juncheng Real Estate, and even Wei Lan only received a promise of 800 million yuan. If he didn't scare Song Zhilei off the car, and if the three buildings in Juncheng Real Estate soared in the future, his 20% shares might benefit more than Wei Lan. Not only would Li Mu not be able to accept this, Wei Lan would also not be able to accept it.

Fortunately, Song Zhilei and Wang Runqing had the same view. They both believed that Juncheng Real Estate was doomed.

Wei Lan gave Song Zhilei the address of Wanying Real Estate. Song Zhilei immediately contacted a lawyer and booked a plane ticket for the next morning after arranging an itinerary.

Li Mu then called Song Liang and Chen Ze to his office and informed them of Song Zhilei's compromise. Song Liang and Chen Ze had nothing to say to Li Mu. They could only give him a thumbs up and sincerely admire his thoroughness and efficiency. After the contract was signed tomorrow, Wanying Real Estate would have 100% control of Juncheng Real Estate. Then, they could take the opportunity to cooperate with fund companies and issue a 3 billion investment fund with guaranteed principal and interest to revitalize the entire Juncheng Real Estate.

Other than the two of them, Li Mu was also looking forward to it. Once he invested three billion yuan to revitalize Juncheng Real Estate, the real estate industry would definitely be shocked by him.

He had accomplished what everyone thought was impossible. In the future, the real estate industry would have to give him and Wan Ying some face. Whether it was the small fish or the big fish in the industry, they would probably be amazed by Wan Ying's tricks.

Let's see how Wan Ying plays?

First, they used the bank leverage to get six pieces of golden land and steadily pocketed at least two billion yuan in profits. Then, they revitalized Juncheng Real Estate and steadily pocketed at least one billion yuan in profits. The key was that Wan Ying Real Estate hadn't even dug a f * cking foundation yet!

Who could compare to this?

It was simply too easy.

After informing Chen Ze and Song Liang of the good news, Li Mu said, "Wei Lan and I won't be coming tomorrow. Brother Liang, you're the legal representative. Tomorrow, you can represent Wan Ying and sign the contract with Song Zhilei."

Song Liang nodded and asked subconsciously, "Not coming tomorrow?

Then I'll directly transfer the money to your company's account tomorrow. "

“OK。”

Li Mu said, "I have to go to Makino Technology tomorrow. Recently, there has been some progress on some acquisitions. I have to go and understand the specific situation. In addition, tomorrow night, Taobao Brand Day will officially be launched. I have to go to Taobao to see Liu Shixiong. Not only do I have to keep an eye on the Brand Day, but he has also been waiting for the money I promised him. His hair has almost turned white."

Song Liang sighed helplessly, "You're really a hard-working man. You're busy all day long. Can you stand it?"

Li Mu smiled casually and said, "I'm young. Why can't I stand it?

The key is that although I'm busy now, I haven't overdrawn my physical strength. I'm in a good state. "

After a slight pause, Li Mu said, "The Internet, real estate, and culture and entertainment are all in the golden age now. An extra hour of work today might be equivalent to an extra week of work in a few years. When it comes to horse racing, the faster you run, the more you earn. Who can stop?

Not to mention stopping, even if you run a little slower, you'll feel guilty. "

Chen Ze shook his head and said, "Did you hear that, Brother Liang? Li Zong is forcing us to risk our lives."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Not only you two, but also Wei Lan."

As he spoke, Li Mu turned to look at Wei Lan and said, "I'll tell you in detail about the next step of Wanying's commercial real estate plan later. You should take a good rest for the next two days and change your mind. After a few days, quickly get into character. There are a lot of big things waiting for us to do to make money."

Wei Lan said, "I can officially start work tomorrow."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "You don't have to come to work before the fund is released. Come to work after the fund is released. If you want to put on a show, then do it properly. Don't make any changes before the start."

Wei Lan could only nod and said, "Okay, I'll listen to you."

Li Mu smiled and turned to Chen Ze and said, "Old Chen, Old Zhou and Old Zhao care about you the most. As soon as Song Zhilei signs the contract tomorrow, immediately tell him to go through the process as soon as possible."

In front of Wei Lan, Li Mu didn't say the details. He only mentioned Old Zhou from the bank and Zhao Haichao from the fund company. These two people were the key to the operation of the fund. Although he didn't say it explicitly, Chen Ze knew what Li Mu meant. He immediately nodded and said, "I'll confirm with them tonight and try to make preparations in advance. After the contract is signed, we'll start as soon as possible!"

…

The news of Wanying acquiring Juncheng's shares did cause quite a stir in the real estate industry. However, industry news was industry news after all. Outside of this industry, very few people would receive news from this industry.

However, this news naturally couldn't escape the ears of Su Yingxue's uncle, Wang Shaohua. He was a member of the Construction Committee and also attended this summit. Therefore, not only did he receive this news, but he also heard the rumor that Li Mu was keeping Wei Lan.

When he first heard this news, Wang Shaohua was quite dissatisfied. He couldn't wait to immediately call Li Mu to verify it. Although there was a huge gap between him and the Su family and Li Mu, in his opinion, if Li Mu used 800 million to get Wei Lan to work for Wanying, then this was really too much. Su Yingxue was his wife's niece, and he had always treated her like his own daughter. How could he watch her suffer like this?

Therefore, almost subconsciously, he wanted to call his wife first to tell this news.

However, when he took out his phone and was about to dial, Wang Shaohua gradually calmed down. He felt that this matter shouldn't be as simple as it seemed.

In the eyes of others, Li Mu might be young and frivolous. After making money, he began the stage of expansion that was common among young people, and he began to indulge in debauchery and misdeeds. However, he had been in contact with Li Mu many times. He could see what kind of person Li Mu was. He was neither arrogant nor impetuous, humble and introverted, and he was also very rigorous in doing things. He was much calmer than the average middle-aged entrepreneur. Logically speaking, he shouldn't have done such a thing. Even if Li Mu really had that kind of interest in Wei Lan, with Li Mu's way of doing things, he shouldn't have handled this matter so crudely.

Wang Shaohua thought about this problem carefully and also guessed whether Li Mu wanted to revive the dead end of Jun Cheng Real Estate, but he also knew the situation of Jun Cheng Real Estate. For Li Mu, Jun Cheng Real Estate was indeed a dead end. In this era, it was estimated that it would be difficult for any entrepreneur to take out three billion in cash, let alone Li Mu. What was Li Mu's consideration for doing this?

After thinking about it, he couldn't figure it out. Wang Shaohua decided not to tell his wife for the time being. He would wait patiently for a few days to see if something deeper would surface. Although he was conflicted in his heart, he chose to believe in Li Mu at this moment.

However, Zhao Ziqiu's father, Zhao Xianliang, who was far away in Hangzhou, didn't think so.

Although Zhao Xianliang was not in the real estate field, he had many eyes and ears in Yan Jing. He had previously asked someone to investigate some of Li Mu's business situation. The other party's old profession was to do business investigation, and he would hear about the slightest movement in all industries. When he found the news about Li Mu, he immediately realized that Zhao Xianliang should be interested in it, so he immediately sent a text message to Zhao Xianliang and summarized the information he had received to Zhao Xianliang.

When Zhao Xianliang received the news, he was listening to his subordinate's work report in his office. When his phone rang, he picked it up and casually glanced at it. His expression immediately changed. He reached out to interrupt his subordinate's report and said, "That's all for today. I'll talk about it tomorrow. I have some urgent matters to deal with now."

The subordinate hurriedly nodded and said, "Chairman, please go ahead."

After the subordinate went out, Zhao Xianliang immediately picked up the landline on the table and called his wife's office. He said in a very serious tone, "Come to my office. It's urgent."

In less than a minute, Zhao Xianliang's wife, Xie Yun, rushed in. Although Zhao Xianliang often used a business-like tone to communicate with her in the company, this time he was so serious on the phone, which made Xie Yun a little surprised. She felt that something serious must have happened, so she quickly put down her work and rushed over.

As soon as Xie Yun entered the door, she saw Zhao Xianliang sitting in the office chair with a livid face. He seemed to be very angry. She closed the door and asked him, "What happened?"

Zhao Xianliang pointed to the phone on the table and said, "Look at it yourself."

Xie Yun came forward, picked up the phone and glanced at it. She was also shocked by the content of the text message. She saw a person named 0108 write in the text message, "Hello, Chairman Zhao. I just received news from the real estate industry. It may be of some value to you, so I'm reporting it to you. Li Mu, whom you asked me to investigate last time, has just paid 800 million yuan to buy 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares. There are rumors that Li Mu did this to keep Wei Lan, the general manager of Juncheng Real Estate. Now it has been confirmed that Wei Lan did live in the new villa Li Mu bought in Ziyun Villa last night, and the former owner of the villa is Wei Lan. If you need, I will further investigate more."

Xie Yun's heart skipped a beat and she blurted out, "Did this just happen?"

"Yes," Zhao Xianliang's face was extremely ugly. He said coldly, "This Li Mu is too arrogant!

Ziqiu decided to be with him. You didn't object, so I didn't say anything. But Li Mu even dares to bully my daughter. I absolutely can't tolerate this! "

Xie Yun said, "Don't be angry. I've heard about the Juncheng Real Estate. It seems to be quite complicated. Let's find out what's going on first."

"Find out what?"

Zhao Xianliang asked coldly, "Find out how many women Li Mu has behind him other than Wei Lan!"