Chapter 360

On the second last day before the school holidays, Ning Hao found a suitable filming location. It was a Sheep Scorpion Hot Pot restaurant near the Yanjing Film Academy.

It was said that this was the best Sheep Scorpion Hot Pot restaurant within a few kilometers of the Yanjing Film Academy. Ning Hao booked the entire restaurant for a whole day and two meals for the entire crew at the price of 10,000 yuan. The filming was scheduled for the next morning to the next night.

The night before the filming, the crew had already transported the equipment to the set and started to set it up. Li Mu also met the six extras that Ning Hao had painstakingly found.

What surprised Li Mu was that the six of them looked weirder than the last. Any one of them could be on par with the gangster leader Chen Kai in "Charlotte's Troubles". There were even two of them who were slightly better than him.

Ning Hao said that these were all famous special extras near the Yanjing Film Academy. Each of them was ugly to a new level. In order to take on roles and increase their pay, they took the initiative to make their images even uglier. Usually, only one or two such actors would be used at most in a movie. No one expected that Li Mu would use six of them at once.

It was equivalent to Stephen Chow's movie having six Ru Hua's at the same time. The style was so "beautiful" that people did not dare to look at it.

However, this scene was exactly what Li Mu wanted. The uglier the scene was, the more impact it would have on God Ji.

On the day of filming, Li Mu asked Ning Hao to order someone to go to the market and buy a bunch of fake gold jewelry. It was not fashionable for men to wear thick gold chains, but Li Mu still felt that gold chains were more suitable for the scene he wanted. So, almost all the six extras had a big gold chain. In addition, the core actor also had a rather arrogant gold watch. The scene when they were fully armed almost perfectly presented the most ideal scene in Li Mu's mind.

As soon as Zhang Kexuan arrived in Yan Jing, he received a call from Li Mu before he had time to participate in the rehearsal of the CCTV program.

The core of Li Mu's scene was not Zhang Kexuan, but the six extras. In particular, the core role of the six extras was quite important. He needed to reflect the key of the whole scene — the disgusting faces of the low-quality nouveau riche.

Although this special actor had participated in many films and TV series, most of them were minor characters without lines. It was the first time he had accepted such a scene with such a large number of lines, so he was a little nervous. The total length of the scene was only two or three minutes, and he started shooting in the morning and went all the way to the afternoon, but Li Mu was not really satisfied.

What Li Mu wanted was the natural temperament of the nouveau riche, and even the posture of spitting was quite high. Therefore, the shooting went all the way to the evening, but Li Mu was not really satisfied.

Li Mu found the core extras who were dressed as the nouveau riche and said patiently, "The way you spit must be presumptuous, but it can't be too deliberate. Also, the tone of speech must be extremely arrogant. The more arrogant, the better."

The core extras nodded repeatedly, and they were also nervous. They had never played a role with so many scenes, and the director also needed them to focus on portraying the characteristics of the character, so they were a little nervous and missed the main points.

Li Mu was not in a hurry. He let him figure it out first and try to find the feeling he wanted.

At this time, the sky outside had already darkened. Wang Xinran had just finished her professional training class. Two hours later, she and a few of her classmates had a fitness class to attend, so they decided to have a meal together and then go back to school for their fitness class. When the girls were discussing what to eat, one of them suggested eating mutton scorpion hot pot.

The mutton scorpion hot pot at the entrance of the Film Academy was delicious and divided into two groups, so it was quite famous in the hearts of the students of the Film Academy. Basically, 80% of the customers were students of the Film Academy. Since Lin Xinran came to the Film Academy for professional training, she had also eaten here a few times and had a good impression of it. Occasionally, she wanted to eat here, and it was a very good choice. Therefore, when someone suggested eating here, she basically agreed without much consideration.

The girls chatted and laughed as they walked out of the school. When they arrived at the entrance of the Mutton Scorpion Hot Pot, they discovered that there was a temporarily closed sign at the entrance. The girls were disappointed. One of them looked inside and saw that the brightly lit interior of the shop had been set up as a film set.

Because they were all students who wanted to apply for the Film Academy, she was very sensitive to filming. She said in surprise, "Look, there's actually filming inside!"

Like the other girls, Wang Xinran looked into the shop through the glass window. Sure enough, there was a shooting going on in the shop. Two cameras surrounded a table in the middle of the restaurant and were filming intensely.

A girl next to her stuck out her tongue and said, "Why are those guys so disgusting?"

Wang Xinran took a closer look. Sure enough, there were six men drinking and playing finger-guessing games around the table. Each of them was uglier than the other, and each of them was dressed in colorful clothes and wore thick gold chains. It was quite uncomfortable to look at.

Wang Xinran lost interest and said to the girls around her, "Aiya, let's not watch anymore. It's so disgusting. Why don't we go eat something else? There's a Sichuan restaurant across the road that tastes pretty good."

The other girls also nodded. The scene in front of them was indeed a little nauseating. Although everyone was very interested in filming, the main actors were such disgusting men. It really made people not interested to continue watching.

Before leaving, a girl suddenly pointed to a man sitting in the corner of the shop and said, "Aiya, look. Is that handsome guy Zhang Kexuan, the lead singer of the simple plan?"

The girls took a closer look. Yes!

Who else could that man be if not Zhang Kexuan?

His profile looked cool and handsome, and he had the demeanor of a handsome guy.

Wang Xinran had always liked the simple plan band, especially the lead singer Zhang Kexuan. After all, he was the core of the band and also the most good-looking one in the band. Seeing Zhang Kexuan, she was a little uneasy and said excitedly, "I want Zhang Kexuan to give me an autograph!"

The girl next to her said, "But they're filming. They've booked the whole place. We can't get in."

Wang Xinran said, "Let's wait for a while if we can't get in!"

As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly saw a somewhat familiar figure. It was Li Mu, who was sitting behind the monitor.