Chapter 960

"Skynet is a new idea that I have recently come up with. To put it bluntly, it is to improve the surveillance of the entire city's public areas through various cameras. Once there is an emergency, the public security agency can directly access the surveillance data of the entire Skynet system."

As Li Mu spoke, he roughly introduced the Skynet system that he knew as an ordinary person in his previous life. However, Li Mu felt a little guilty. He was not a member of the public security agency, so he had no idea how Skynet worked in his previous life.

After Fang Xudong and Lin Ching-ah listened, they basically understood Li Mu's idea, but they did not understand why Li Mu suddenly wanted to make a surveillance system for public security.

Li Mu's explanation was, "First of all, as the Internet company with the strongest R&D capabilities in the country, we have the responsibility and obligation to do our part for public security. This is the social responsibility that we should have as a large enterprise."

As he spoke, Li Mu paused and said, "Secondly, with the development of society, the share of the surveillance market will increase. Whether it is the government, enterprises, private enterprises, individual businesses, or ordinary citizens, to a certain extent, there will be a demand for surveillance in the future. It can be foreseen that there will be an unexpected explosion in the surveillance market in the future. This market is very big. If we start to walk at the forefront now, we may gain an annual market of more than 10 billion, or even 100 billion."

Fang Xudong was a technical expert, but he did not have a strong enough control of the market, especially the control of the future market. Therefore, he could not help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, is the prospect of the surveillance market so big?"

Li Mu nodded and said firmly, "I am only talking about the video surveillance market. If it is the entire security market, the scale will be much larger than this."

Although Fang Xudong and Lin Ching-ah were both surprised by Li Mu's words, they had one thing in common: they did not doubt what Li Mu said.

When Li Mu said that this was a market that could reach 10 billion or even 100 billion a year in the future, Fang Xudong immediately became alert and looked at it as a market of 10 billion or even 100 billion a year. Then, he waited for Li Mu's next words.

Li Mu said, "The video surveillance hardware that I can think of at the beginning, I generally categorize it into two parts. One is the video hardware, and the other is the functional hardware.

"The pure frequency hardware is easy to understand. It is a camera that is only responsible for video recording. But if it is further subdivided, there will be many subdivisions. For example, there will be remote-control cameras that can be used with a remote-control camera with a zoom lens, or wide-angle cameras, night-vision cameras, and so on.

"Most of the functional hardware is to serve the camera. In the future, if the camera is equipped with a detection radar, it can be used for security. If it is equipped with a speed radar, it can be used for speed photography. If it is equipped with license plate recognition software, it can be used for license plate detection. If it is equipped with a flash, it can be used for night photography. If it is equipped with a thermal monitor, it can be used for fire prevention …"

After saying so much, Li Mu took a sip of water and continued to summarize, "In short, in the future, the entire industry chain of surveillance cameras will continue to develop horizontally and expand its scope. In the end, it will form a huge product cluster, and the scope of the market it covers will also become larger and larger. So, if we start early, accumulate enough technical advantages, and form a technical barrier, we will be able to develop in the horizontal market. At the same time, at every step, we will be able to carry out in-depth vertical development. All of our goals can be summed up in one sentence: maintain our advantage and occupy the market."

In Li Mu's impression, the term "electronic eye" would only appear in the next two to three years. Whether it was traffic surveillance or public security surveillance, they had not really entered the initial stage. This was enough to prove that the surveillance field was demand-driven, and not product-driven.

The so-called demand-driven product development meant that after there was a certain demand, someone would develop a product to meet that demand. Most industries developed in this way. For example, mobile phones. When technology developed to a certain point, the reason why mobile phones were born was because humans clearly had this demand at that stage. They needed to get rid of the shackles of telephone lines and carry out mobile communication. Therefore, people invented mobile communication products based on this demand.

Other than that, using products to drive demand was a very impressive thing. It was also a mobile phone, but Steve Jobs introduced the touchscreen iPhone at that point. Before that, there was no such demand for mobile phones. However, Steve Jobs used his brilliant product to drive people's demand for touchscreen phones, and it also established the iPhone as the future leader of the smartphone market.

In Li Mu's impression, Hua Xia owned a company called Dajiang. In his eyes, it was also very impressive. Before the birth of Dajiang, ordinary people had no demand for aerial photography. They did not even know what aerial photography was. Aerial photography was only a demand for professional film and television producers. However, through Dajiang's continuous efforts, aerial photography drones continued to penetrate deep into the lives of ordinary people. More and more ordinary people had a demand for aerial photography. At the same time, Dajiang allowed Dajiang to occupy 77% of the world's aerial photography market. In terms of market share, Dajiang's drones were even more amazing than the iPhone.

What Li Mu wanted was to enter the video surveillance field before there was a strong demand for video surveillance in the country. Once he entered, he wanted to establish a good product, a good solution, and a good patent technology. Just like Dajiang, he wanted to have his own technical barrier. That way, when the security surveillance market rose in the future, he would be able to surpass everyone else.

Why was Dajiang able to occupy 77% of the market share in the fierce competition between so many UAV manufacturers in the world?

A large part of the reason was its unique technology.

Dajiang's own image transmission solution was the best in the industry. A civilian UAV that cost a few thousand yuan could achieve 1080P high definition image transmission within a few kilometers. This was almost heaven-defying in the field of civilian aerial photography drones.

At the same time, Dajiang's flight control solution was also the best in the industry. The flight control solution ensured the stability of Dajiang's UAV in flight. At the same time, it also ensured the quality of aerial photography, the UAV's control, safety, and many other indicators. The overall performance was greatly improved.

Apart from that, Dajiang even developed its own motors, cameras, and pans. Each of them had its own unique technology, and when combined, it formed an even stronger technical barrier.

With such a strong technical reserve, Dajiang was guaranteed to be ahead of all other competitors in the industry. This was also what Li Mu hoped that his company would be able to achieve in the future in the field of hardware.

If he wanted to develop Skynet as soon as possible and have outstanding comprehensive performance, it would not be enough to rely on buying a few cameras to form a local area network.

He had to work together on hardware, software, and the combination of hardware and software. Otherwise, even if Skynet was set up, it would be difficult to achieve the desired effect.

It was even possible that within half a year after it was installed, its comprehensive performance would be better than other products in the market. By then, it would be in an awkward situation: if he did not change, its performance would be insufficient; if he changed, the cost would be too high. By that time, he would not have made any contribution to society. Instead, he would have caused all the major cities to invest a huge sum of money in setting up Skynet, and they would have to fork out another sum of money to upgrade the entire Skynet.

Fang Xudong thought carefully for a long time, then said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, what you mean is that we should acquire a capable hardware manufacturer in advance and use this hardware manufacturer as a foundation to develop surveillance equipment with different functions. At the same time, we also need to develop the supporting software. Finally, we can come up with a complete set of city surveillance solutions. Once we have accumulated enough technical advantages, we can drive the market demand and become a leading company in the field of video surveillance?"

"That's right!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's my goal. First, we will accumulate enough strength and influence through Skynet. Then, we will use Skynet to promote the development of the entire video surveillance market. By then, we will be the Nokia of the video surveillance industry."

As he spoke, Li Mu sighed and said, "We will have to enter the field of hardware sooner or later. If we make computers, we will never be able to escape the fate of being a monopoly. Almost all the core hardware and software are in the hands of the oligarchs. If we make mobile phones, the water is too deep, and the replacement is too fast. Right now, we don't have enough experience, technology, or strength to wade in this muddy water. Why don't we take the opportunity of Skynet to contribute to society, accumulate experience in the field of hardware, and take the lead in the market?"

Lin Ching-ah agreed and said, "In this case, on one hand, we can apply for research funds and project subsidies from the government. On the other hand, we can also sign a purchase intention agreement with the government. This way, from the beginning of the research and development to the end of the product, we will have the support of the government. We can avoid risks to the greatest extent."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "The reason why this kind of project has not been done yet is probably because everyone wants the government to pay for it first."

Thinking back to when he was in college, the favorite thing of the school's tutors was to do government projects. First, they would draw a high-end cake and let the government invest money. After the government invested the money, they would directly take away most of the funds and then leave it to the outsourcing company to make some rubbish. They did not really want to do anything, but just wanted to cheat the government of some money. The more such people there were, the more cautious the government would be in supporting high-tech measures in the future. In the end, the government would not dare to invest in some truly meaningful projects.

Because he had seen this kind of thing many times, Li Mu decided to develop Skynet himself. Before Skynet was successfully developed, he would not ask the government for a penny.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "This project of Skynet is a concrete manifestation of Makino Technology's social responsibility, so we will not go to the government to apply for a penny for research and development. We will pay for it ourselves. When it is done, we will take it out. If the government really thinks it is good and satisfied, they will buy it. If they are not satisfied, we will not force them."