Chapter 305

Being stared at by Li Mu, Su Yingxue blushed a little. After greeting the security guard, she hurriedly said to Li Mu, "Come on in. I'll take you to the backstage lounge to rest for a while."

Seeing that Su Yingxue had come to pick him up, the security guard didn't embarrass Li Mu anymore. He stepped aside and let him in.

As soon as Li Mu entered the door, he heard someone calling him, "Li Mu!"

Li Mu turned his head and found a boy in ancient armor walking over from the other side of the passage. He took a closer look and found that it was Dou Xueli, a fellow villager from Haizhou.

Before Dou Xueli arrived, the security guard behind him was dumbfounded. When he stopped Li Mu from entering the door, he felt that Li Mu looked familiar, but he didn't take it seriously. After all, he worked at the university and must have seen most of the students at the university. It was normal for him to look familiar. However, when Dou Xueli called out Li Mu's name, he remembered who Li Mu was.

When he remembered that the other party turned out to be the famous Li Mu in the university, the security guard's intestines turned green with regret. If he had known earlier, he wouldn't have stopped him. If he had offended Li Mu just now, wouldn't he be finished?

Li Mu didn't care about the security guard stopping him at all. At this time, he just looked at Dou Xueli in surprise and asked him, "What program are you going to perform in this outfit?"

Dou Xueli laughed and came to Li Mu with the bulky armor on his body. He said with a smile, "Our department is going to perform a new dance, 'Farewell My Concubine', and they asked me to play the role of a soldier. What about you?

I saw that you played the guitar and sang on the program list, but you didn't write the title of the song. What song are you going to sing this time? "

As soon as Dou Xueli finished asking, Su Yingxue also stared at Li Mu with a pair of twinkling eyes. She was more curious than anyone else about what song Li Mu was going to sing for her today.

Li Mu glanced at Su Yingxue and said to Dou Xueli, "I'll sing an original song tonight. The title of the song is a secret for now."

As soon as he heard that it was an original song, Dou Xueli couldn't help but give Li Mu a thumbs up. "That's amazing. There are so many singing programs tonight, but none of them are original songs. You are the only one. Our program tonight is before yours. I'll definitely go to the audience to support you!"

Li Mu smiled and thanked him. Dou Xueli then said, "You two continue chatting. I still have to find a prop master to adjust my armor."

After Xueli left, Su Yingxue, Li Li Su Su Li Mu and said, "Li Li Li Su, Li," Mu.

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes."

Su Yingxue asked again, "Did you write it yourself?"

Li Mu nodded again. "Yes."

After Li Mu said that, he added seriously, "I wrote it especially for you."

Su Yingxue's heart was suddenly filled with joy. Not only because Li Mu was so serious that he actually wrote a song for her, but also because if everything went smoothly, she would become Li Mu's girlfriend after tonight.

In fact, that night, she should have agreed to him on the spot, but the little girl in her heart caused her to make a request to Li Mu to sing at the party.

For Su Yingxue, she just wanted the beginning of her life's first love to not be as abrupt as that night. She also hoped that this beginning could be as romantic as possible.

Originally, she thought that Li Mu would be able to move her by choosing a love song for her. She didn't expect that he would write a song for her, which really surprised and moved her.

Su Yingxue's pretty face was slightly red, and even her voice was a little shaky. "Wait for me in the lounge for a while. I'll come find you after I'm done."

Li Mu said, "It's okay. You go do your thing. I'll go out and take a walk later."

Su Yingxue hurriedly took out a performer's ID without a photo from the down jacket pocket and said, "Take this. The security guards shouldn't stop you."

Li Mu took the actor's ID and sent the guitar to the actor's lounge. He found a student council member to help him watch it, and then he came out from the back. Before he went out, the security guard came up to him nervously and apologized, "Student Li Mu, I'm really sorry. I didn't recognize you just now. Please don't take it to heart."

Li Mu was stunned.

At first, the security guard stopped him. For Li Mu, it was simply because he received a request from the other party. Since he didn't meet the requirements, he naturally didn't have any other thoughts. He didn't expect that after the other party knew his name, he would take the initiative to apologize to him, leaving him speechless.

After being stunned for a moment, seeing that the security guard's face was full of fear and worry, Li Mu said, "It's okay. You're just doing it for work." After saying that, he saw the security guard let out a sigh of relief, so he pushed the door open and left backstage.

At this moment, the sky had already turned completely dark. The stadium's lights were all turned on. Li Mu stood on the side of the stage and could see a large number of students entering through more than a dozen entrances and exits like a tide. The stadium was basically half filled.

The stadium's grandstand area was almost full, and the thousands of chairs in the infield were also almost full. In the first few rows, in addition to the school's leaders, there were also invited leaders from various departments and dozens of alumni who graduated from the National People's Congress. Li Mu saw a few familiar faces among them. Among them, the one that surprised him the most was Liu Yidong.

Liu Yidong also sponsored this party, but his current strength could only be considered at the bottom of these famous alumni, so his seat was also relatively close to the back. On the side of the fourth row, next to him sat an average-looking woman with neat bangs. The two of them looked quite close, and he guessed that this was his current girlfriend.

Li Mu counted with his fingers. His future wife, the Internet celebrity tea girl, was born in 1993. This year … this year, she was only eight years old!

Li Mu looked at Liu Shixiong, who was almost thirty years old, and then thought about the eight year old girl who was still in elementary school in Jinling. The two of them compared in their hearts, and he couldn't help but sigh, Damn, it's good to be rich!

…

Ten minutes before the performance, the lights gradually dimmed, and the stage lights began to light up. Tens of thousands of National People's Congress students immediately burst into bursts of cheers.

Li Mu found a remote seat in the stands and sat down, waiting for the official start of the performance.

At seven o 'clock, festive background music sounded, and the performance began.

There were a total of four hosts for this party, two men and two women. As soon as the performance began, the four of them stepped onto the stage from both sides of the stage.

The two male hosts were dressed formally, one in a blue suit, and the other in a black suit with white stripes. The two female hosts were dressed in black gowns and green gowns respectively.

As soon as Su Yingxue, who was wearing a black gown, appeared on the stage, it caused a wave of howls. Some people even shouted in the dark, "Su Yingxue, I love you!" and "Su Yingxue, goddess!" and other explicit confessions.

The four of them stood in the center of the stage. Su Yingxue was indeed unique. Not only did she suppress the other girl next to her, but even the two handsome male hosts beside her seemed to be overshadowed by her.

The school's party was similar to the Spring Festival Gala to some extent. For example, the host's lines were generally boring and formalistic. Most people's ears had heard it many times, and they were quite uninterested in this kind of opening. However, every time Su Yingxue opened her mouth, it would still win the applause of the audience.

After the host finished the opening line, the first part of the party began: the school leaders' New Year's greeting. After the leaders finally finished reading the script, the performance officially began.

A junior from the Finance Department sang "Good Days" with a folk singing style. More than a dozen girls from the Sociology Department performed a song and dance. The stage, lighting, and sound system were all very good, but it inevitably made people feel that the content of the performance was not interesting.

However, the school leaders below the stage were watching with relish. When it came to the fifth program, a senior from the Graduate School sang Zheng Jun's "Back to Lhasa." The rock-style song coupled with good singing skills made this song finally ignite the enthusiasm of tens of thousands of students. The response below the stage was very enthusiastic. When the senior sang the chorus, he couldn't help but jump on the stage. The students at the scene were infected and cheered continuously. It even led to a chorus at one point.

The atmosphere of the students was so warm, but the school leaders frowned. After the song "Back to Lhasa" ended, Vice President Sun Yong said to several colleagues around him with a dissatisfied face, "How did the program review work?

How can such a messy song appear on the stage of our National People's Congress! "

Another school leader next to him was also dissatisfied. "What's the point of jumping on the stage? The students below are also making a scene. The song is also a mess of garbage culture!"

A slightly younger leader said with a smile, "It's rock and roll. Naturally, it will be a little noisy. As long as the students like it."

"Lao Zheng, you can't say that." Sun Yong said with a black face, "Students also like not to go to class or take exams. How can we comply with them?

Besides, rock and roll is too frivolous and not serious at all. It is completely opposite to the purpose of our National People's Congress. I won't comment on the existence of this kind of thing outside, but if it appears on the stage of our school, it is a dereliction of duty of our program review work! "

The principal nodded and said, "Principal Sun is right. The program that appears on the school stage should represent the image of the school. How can we let such a messy song appear on the stage? We will start the accountability process on Monday, and the relevant person in charge will write a written review."

Sun Yong flipped through the program list and said with a frown, "Look at this song, 'I Love You More Every Day'. Just by looking at the name, you can tell that it is a love song between a man and a woman. Singing such a song on the stage of our National People's Congress is a blatant campus romance!"

The principal asked, "Which program is this song on?"

Sun Yong said, "The thirteenth."

The principal waved his hand and said, "Tell them to delete this song."

Sun Yong nodded and said, "Okay, I will tell them later."

As he spoke, he saw Li Mu's name and couldn't help but say to himself, "Hey, that freshman Li Mu is also going to sing?"