Chapter 669

Liu Shixiong was very clear about how much money Taobao had now. Liu Shixiong was also very clear about how much money he needed to set up a logistics company. In fact, there were only tens of millions of yuan on both accounts. Taobao had invested a lot now, and he had to keep supplying blood for it. Now, Liu Shixiong only hoped that the Brand Day could create a good result. In this case, Taobao could also get a lot of income from the merchants. In other words, he was waiting for the rice to be put into the pot.

Although the pre-sale sales of the Brand Day had stood at the threshold of one billion yuan, after conversion, the commission was less than fifty million yuan. This amount of money could be used to maintain the operation of Taobao, but if it was used to build a large-scale logistics system, it would be a drop in the bucket.

Therefore, Senior Fellow Apprentice Liu was very surprised. He did not understand why Li Mu said the matter of 500 million yuan so casually. Such a large amount of money was not a joke. It was easy to say, but it was as difficult as climbing up to the sky to get so much money.

Liu Shixiong couldn't help but ask him, "Where can I get so much money?

Do you want financing? "

Li Mu shook his head and said with a smile, "Taobao doesn't need financing at the moment. We don't have any competitors who can be on the same level or can pose any threat to us. Although Boss Ma has blocked our logistics, his own platform has not been set up yet. At this time, financing is too much of a loss."

Liu Shixiong asked inexplicably, "If we don't financing, where will the money come from?"

Li Mu saw Liu Shixiong's surprised face, so he pretended to smile mysteriously and said, "So, sometimes, it is good to not be so rigid in the operation of a company. It is good to not be so formal."

Senior Brother Liu was confused. What did he mean by not being so rigid and not being so formal have benefits?

He didn't understand what Li Mu was trying to say at all.

Therefore, Li Mu explained to Liu Shixiong, "I have a joint venture with Chen Ze and another friend. We have six pieces of land near the East Third Ring Road. As long as the route map of Line 10 is announced, these six pieces of land can be used to get a large amount of cash from the bank. At that time, I will take out some of the money and invest it in the construction of Taobao and the logistics company."

Liu Shixiong asked, "How will it be operated?"

Li Mu said, "As for the loan, we will bear the interest rate of the loan while bearing the principal. This way, there is no need to change the equity structure."

If Li Mu wanted to squeeze Liu Shixiong, it would be a good opportunity for him to find money from the outside. This was because bringing money in was equivalent to investing new resources. As one of the shareholders, Liu Shixiong had to either invest the same amount of resources or accept Li Mu's new resources as an investment to dilute his shares.

But fortunately, Li Mu didn't have such thoughts. In his eyes, talents were far more important than some benefits. Moreover, he had a certain level of approval for Liu Shixiong's ability and conduct. In his previous life, although Liu Shixiong's assets were not as much as the two Ma bosses, in Li Mu's eyes, at least Liu Shixiong was not arrogant and dared to take responsibility for his actions. He never said that his biggest regret was founding Jingdong, and he never said that he was not interested in money.

Liu Shixiong was shocked and moved. He was moved because Li Mu took the initiative to clarify in his words that this operation would not affect the equity structure. In other words, although Li Mu was the one who brought the money in, he would not use this as a reason to dilute Liu Shixiong's shares. This was to protect his interests to the greatest extent. He was shocked because Li Mu treated capital like a child's play. He took hundreds of millions from another company to this company, and the equity structure of the two companies was very different. Under such circumstances, he only needed to "borrow" the money. He almost didn't care about the feelings of the other two shareholders of the other company.

In fact, this was not the first time that Li Mu had done this. If there was a proper investment bank in his company, this kind of operation would probably be strongly opposed by the other party. But in his companies, this kind of situation would not happen. Hui Ka Ming only asked to hold the shares and did not interfere with anything else. It was the same for Chen Ze and Song Liang. They only asked to be shareholders and did not interfere with the management. This gave Li Mu absolute freedom.

It was the same for Wanying Real Estate. The relationship between Chen Ze and Song Liang and Li Mu was far more than a simple business cooperation. Everyone's interests had long been deeply tied. Li Mu had also told them that once the six pieces of land produced a large amount of cash, he would take out a sum of money to use, and they completely agreed.

Liu Shixiong thought about it carefully and agreed. The relationship between Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Song Liang was not ordinary. Although the real estate project was not led by Li Mu, Li Mu was indeed the brain and soul of the two of them. In this case, it was not a big problem to lend a sum of money to Li Mu and his own logistics company.

However, although Liu Shixiong had always insisted on building his own logistics system, he had never thought of spending hundreds of millions of yuan in one go. This was too much. In 2002, he did not have such courage at all. Therefore, he asked Li Mu worriedly, "If we throw so much money into the big hole of logistics, when can we fill this big hole?"

Li Mu said, "This hole can't be filled in a short time, and it will get bigger and bigger."

Liu Shixiong smacked his lips. "The cost is too high. I understand the importance of building our own logistics, but do we really have to put all our eggs in one basket?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "This is not a desperate gamble. This is a landing on the beach. Now, the only few logistics companies on the market have not really been tied to e-commerce. Their current e-commerce genes are not enough. If we build a logistics system, together with the full set of logistics management system that I asked Fang Xudong last time, and perfectly integrated with the Taobao network, our logistics system will be invincible. At that time, you will find that in the level of e-commerce logistics, we are the only one standing on the beach. The others are either still floating in the sea or chose the wrong landing place. Now we spend more money to build our own defense on this beach, preventing any company except us from successfully landing on this beach."

Senior Fellow Apprentice Liu nodded, but he always felt that he could not keep up with Li Mu's pace in looking at the problem and thinking.

In fact, as someone who was reborn in the Internet industry, no one in this era could compare to Li Mu in terms of the Internet's structure and thinking. Even Boss Ma, who saw Li Mu's weakness in advance and held Li Mu by the neck in terms of logistics, if he knew that Li Mu was going to spend 500 million this year to build his own logistics system, he would probably throw out one word: "Idiot."

The reason was very simple. In this era and market situation, it was possible to build your own logistics system, but there was no need to invest so much money in one go. With so much money, it would be enough to use a small part of it to build a logistics company to meet the current demand and the growth in the next six months. The rest of the money could be used to develop the core business, which was Taobao. No matter what, logistics was just a supporting part.

However, from Li Mu's point of view, the most important thing right now was logistics, because logistics was the only thing that he had no foundation and no advantage in. Taobao was different. He had YY, Alipay, a lot of partners, and record companies. He had already built a small ecosystem by himself. Boss Ma just wanted to make a website to compete with Taobao, so it would be difficult for him to have real influence. However, Li Mu did not have any other resources at hand to solve the huge problem of logistics. Therefore, his current goal was to quickly build his own logistics, and make it big. On one hand, he could reverse the current situation, and on the other hand, he had to prepare in advance. With the current development trend of Taobao, the demand for logistics capacity would increase. When SARS hit in March next year, when the people all over the country hid at home and did not dare to go out, the demand for online shopping would definitely usher in a peak. Because of the special reason of SARS, this peak in demand would definitely be seen by only him.

Li Mu said, "Senior Brother, our logistics will be deeply integrated into Taobao in the future. The deep integration I'm talking about is not just integrating our logistics management system into Taobao. Most importantly, we have to promote it to Taobao sellers. Think about it, once our logistics is developed, I will open a port to sellers, and all sellers who sell 50 or 100 orders a day will be equipped with a stylus printer, as well as enough express orders for them to use daily. For example, if they have a total of 100 orders by 5 PM today, it means that they need to fill in 100 express order numbers. However, since our logistics has been deeply integrated, they only need to click on 'I want to deliver the goods', and the rest, guess what will happen?"

Liu Shixiong had an epiphany and blurted out excitedly, "As long as they click on 'I want to deliver the goods', our system will read the recipient information of 100 orders, and then automatically control the printer to print out all 100 express orders. Then, the system will inform our business office to send people to pick up the goods. Our business office can directly know how many goods they have to deliver, what kind of car they will send, or what priority they will arrange. My God, it's so convenient!

It can also save a lot of manpower for them! "

"It's not just about saving manpower."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Because our logistics system has a more advanced management model and software support, our logistics cost will definitely be lower than other logistics, and our efficiency will be higher than theirs. In the case of equivalent efficiency, our price will be lower; in the case of equivalent efficiency, our speed will be faster!

Not only will our sellers get more convenience, but our buyers will also get the same. Because our logistics has opened a port to our website, buyers can directly track the progress of their own logistics in real time on the website, which is very convenient. In this way, our Taobao and logistics can achieve complementary effects, thus achieving the effect of one plus one is greater than two. "