Chapter 1749

Under everyone's gaze, Li Mu adjusted the height of the microphone, smiled, and said, "Today is my first time coming to Nasdaq, and my first time standing on the podium of Nasdaq and getting ready to ring the bell. I didn't expect it to not be for my own company."

The audience burst into laughter.

Larpec, who was next to him, also felt very proud.

Li Mu's first time ringing the bell was actually for Google. He was really giving face to Google.

Actually, after being abused by Li Mu for a few rounds, this guy was now a little like Stockholm syndrome.

Originally, Larpedge was also an ambitious and ruthless person who could dominate a region. After encountering an even more ambitious and ruthless person, his own ruthless and ruthless attributes were invisibly defeated.

What was even more tragic was that he didn't even realize it.

Li Mu, who was on the podium, said, "I've always been very optimistic about the development of search engines in the Internet industry. In my opinion, the greatness of search engines is that they can open a magic door for users in the Internet world.

"As we all know, it's very difficult for us to break through the barriers of time and space in real life. If I want to go to Central Square from here, I can choose to walk, I can choose to ride a bike, sit, or even take the subway, but I can't get there instantly.

"If I want to go back to Hua Xia from here, I basically only have two choices. It's either a 12-hour flight or a 10-20 day ship. Apart from that, there doesn't seem to be any other suitable way. No one can create a magic door that allows me to instantly go anywhere I want to go."

At this point, Li Mu sighed. "This is the shackles of real society. Whether it's me, Central Square, or the 9.6 million square kilometers of Hua Xia, we are all made of atoms. We can't make atoms travel through time and space at the speed of light, but it's different in the Internet world.

"Everything on the Internet is made of data, and data can be transmitted and reorganized infinitely in the Internet world. Therefore, I can sit in Hua Xia's house and see New York and Central Square through the Internet in an instant. I can even chat face-to-face with my friends in New York. In such a world where all information can be transmitted at the speed of light, the founders of Google used their talents to create a magic door that allows us to go anywhere on the Internet.

"In the world of the Internet, the search engine is your door. You can go to any place you want to go in the Internet world at the fastest speed through the search engine. In the real world, this is something we dream of but can't get. But in the world of the Internet, you can easily achieve it by relying on the search engine."

"If I want to know about the Great Wall of Hua Xia, I can open the magic door and tell it that I want to go to the Great Wall. It will immediately give me all the information about the Great Wall. I can choose any one and read the data there at the speed of light;

"If I want to see the Statue of Liberty, I can open the search engine and see what it looks like in the next second, know its information and related historical background;

"To put it more broadly, the search engine is not just a magic door, but also an Aladdin's lamp. Tell it what you want, and it will give you all the results you want;

"I can't imagine how users can continue to use the Internet without the search engine. Compared to real life, it is equivalent to us having no means of transportation, and the efficiency of the entire world will be greatly reduced.

"Therefore, I firmly believe that as long as the Internet still exists, investors don't have to worry about Google's development prospects. In the future, Makino Technology will also go all out to work with Google to provide better basic services for Internet users. Together, we will create more convenient, more advanced, and better Internet services. Thank you, everyone."

Li Mu's casual words gave the investors at the scene a surge of adrenaline.

In their opinion, Li Mu's words gave Google a great affirmation.

In Li Mu's opinion, since he was already here, it was only right for him to flatter Google. After all, he was also one of Google's major shareholders. Flattering Google would also be of great benefit to him.

Moreover, Li Mu's "magic door" metaphor really won the hearts of the investors and media reporters present.

The search engine was such a thing. Magic that did not exist in the real world could be realized on the Internet built on pure data.

If users wanted to find any information on the Internet, they could immediately get a lot of the results they wanted with a search engine.

For users, it was like they were hungry and wanted to eat French fries. The search engine would immediately put all the French fries in the world in front of them for them to choose from.

That was the core value of the search engine.

Although Google had been robbed of Android, as long as Google held on to its search engine, it would still be one of the top Internet giants. As long as Google did what Baidu did, its market value would be 200 to 300 billion USD or even 300 to 400 billion USD.

Li Mu's metaphor made people understand the importance of Google and its core position that could not be replaced for a long time in the future. This was a great help to increase Google's market expectations and recognition of investors.

Larpedge was so excited that his whole body trembled slightly. It was useless for him to say such words, as he would be suspected of selling his melons. However, it was different when Li Mu said it. In the field of the Internet, who would doubt Li Mu's words?

Since he had said so, who would still doubt Google?

How high is the market's recognition of Google? All of this is waiting for the bell to ring!

After Li Mu's speech ended, there were only three minutes left before the bell rang.

The Chairman of Nasdaq, David Bauer, invited both of them to the bell ringing stage. A huge Google logo was displayed on the big screen behind them, as well as the countdown to the IPO.

Li Mu and Larry Page stood side by side in front of the bell ringing stage. Behind them were more than 20 Google executives. There was no microphone here, so Larry Page could not help but say to Li Mu excitedly, "Li Zong, I think Google's stock price might increase by more than 50% today!"

“50%？”

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Apart from Muye Technology, I personally came from Huaxia to endorse the Internet IPO that has received the most attention from the world. Isn't it reasonable for me to at least double the price?"

There were a lot of demon stocks on Nasdaq. It was not unusual for it to increase by 200% in a day.

However, most of the companies that could increase by 200% in a day were companies with lower market capitalization. For example, the market capitalization was 1 billion USD, and the stock price was 5 USD. But on the first day, the stock price rose to 15 USD, and the market capitalization exceeded 3 billion USD.

For example, Hua Xia's Qutoutiao. On the day of its IPO, its stock price skyrocketed by 191.29%. From the opening price of 9.10 USD to 20.39 USD!

In less than 20 minutes, the stock price increased by more than 100%. The speed of its growth was second to none among Hua Xia's companies that went public in the US.

However, the awkward thing was that although Qutoutiao's business was growing rapidly before it went public, its business foundation was not stable. After it went public, it lacked innovation and breakthroughs. Hence, its stock price continued to fall in less than a year.

This kind of situation was considered very normal in Nasdaq.

However, it was rare for a company with a market capitalization of more than 10 billion USD to increase by more than 100% in a day.

But Li Mu felt that a company like Google had a high market share. Other than Hua Xia, Google had at least 90% market share in the rest of the countries with internet. Some even had 100% market share. This was not a monopoly, but it was more like a monopoly. This company had the ability to make profits, have a bright future, and have a high degree of safety. Hence, the market recognition would be very high.

Today's 100% increase was not a miracle. It was just a big move to show off the benefits that were going to increase later.

As the countdown started, Larry Peck nervously adjusted his breathing.

Li Mu and he both pressed their hands on the clock button. When the countdown entered the last ten seconds, everyone on the scene began to shout the countdown.

Three, two, one!

When the whistle sounded, Li Mu and Larry Peck pressed the red button together.

The melodious sound of a bell rang out on Nasdaq in an instant!

Google was officially listed!

The 50 million shares immediately entered a tradable state, and the price that appeared in the first second of trading shocked the entire NASDAQ!

126.6 USD!

It increased by 57.5% after the opening!

The moment Google got listed, its market value went from 48 billion USD to a whopping 75.6 billion USD!

The entire Nasdaq went crazy because of this number.

The media immediately reported this crazy increase to the rest of the world.

The investors who bought Google's shares started to celebrate excitedly.

There are a total of 50 million shares in the market, and if everyone is not optimistic about Google's future, those who are pessimistic about Google's future will dump their shares once the share prices rise. Those who are not optimistic about Google's future will also be cautious about Google's shares. If that happens, the share prices will rise quickly.

If everyone was not optimistic about Google's future, the share price might fall below the IPO price on the first day.

But now, everyone was too optimistic about Google's future.

Even Li Mu had endorsed Google, and what else was there to worry about?

Was it enough to earn 57.5%?

No. Of course not. This company has a bright future, and this stock is suitable to be owned for a long time.

Due to this mentality, there were very few people selling Google shares.

On the other hand, many investors were waiting to enter the market like crazy. They were like people waiting for rain after a long drought. They were looking at the sky with their mouths wide open, waiting for a few drops of water to fall from the sky.

The more they waited, the higher the share price rose.

Two minutes after the market opened, the share price jumped to 138 USD, up 72.5%.

The first circuit breaker was triggered, and trading was suspended.

After a short pause, the trading resumed.

The share price continued to rise like a rocket.

Twenty minutes after the market opened, the share price rose to 159 USD, up 98.75%. The second circuit breaker!

Thirty minutes after the market opened, the share price rose to 164 USD, up more than 100%!

The entire Nasdaq went crazy.

Those institutions that owned a lot of Google shares also went crazy.