Chapter 244

Initially, Li Mu was a little regretful that his wish to personally be a student in his hometown had fallen through. But when the plane took off, he immediately got over it after giving his mother a call.

His mother knew that he would be extremely happy when he went back tonight, but when she thought about how Li Mu could only stay at home for one day on Saturday and had to go to a township middle school on Sunday to start working as a student, he would only be busy for half a day on Monday before going back to Beijing.

But when Li Mu told her about the sudden situation, Li Ma became even happier. "Can I stay at home on Saturday and Sunday to accompany mom and dad?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Although I can't stay at home for 24 hours, I will definitely spend most of my time with you and dad."

Li Ma immediately said happily, "Then I'll go make the bed for you now. I knew that you were coming back, so I just dried the bedding for you today. It's so good."

Li Mu was extremely happy and smiled. "Thank you, mom. I'll turn off my phone first. I'll let you know when I land."

After turning off his phone, the plane took off on time. Su Yingxue, who was sitting beside Li Mu, took out a novel from her bag. It was Higashino Keigo's "White Night Travel".

Li Mu had read this book before. He had always been a fan of Higashino Keigo. Not long before his rebirth, he had finished reading his latest novel, "Fantasy Flower". He didn't expect that Su Yingxue would also be infatuated with this engineering guy.

Since Su Yingxue was reading the novel, Li Mu didn't disturb her. Instead, he whispered to Zhao Kang, who was beside him, across the aisle.

The matter of the taxi company had to be settled when he returned home.

Li Mu didn't care how much the taxi company could earn, but at least it could give Zhao Kang's parents a decent career. When he returned home, he would encourage his parents to invest and let them experience the joy of a successful investment.

As for the distribution of shares, Li Mu thought of a general distribution method. Zhao Kang would contribute 40% for his father, and he would let his father contribute the remaining 60%. However, his family wouldn't participate in the daily operation, and Zhao Kang's father would be in charge of the business. Therefore, the Li family would give 10% of the shares to Zhao Kang's father, which meant that the two families would have a fifty-fifty share.

Although Li Mu didn't know how talented Zhao Kang's father was in business, it was impossible for him to lose money in this kind of business.

What's more, in the future, the taxi license alone could recover all the costs and ensure profits.

However, running a taxi company still required some local connections and background. Li Mu was going to ask Song Liang for help. This kind of thing should only take a phone call for him. Besides, he was going to find time to meet with him. Song Liang was a shareholder of Makino Technology. He had to tell him the next step of Makino Technology. In addition, he had to ask Song Liang for help on the plan to squeeze Baidu out of Makino Technology.

At nine o 'clock in the evening, the plane landed at Jinling Airport. When more than ten people arrived at Haizhou by bus, it was already past 11: 30.

The hotel that Dong Ai booked for everyone was at the Haizhou Hotel, so the bus drove directly to the front door of the Haizhou Hotel. After everyone got off the bus, Li Mu said to Dong Ai, "Senior Sister Ai, please follow up on the financial aid."

Dong Ai nodded and said with a smile, "Don't worry. We have won so many games without you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I'm sure I can rest assured. Have a good rest tonight. Tomorrow I will take you to the seaside. There is no scenic spot here except the sea. I will treat you to dinner tomorrow night at the Haizhou Hotel."

Everyone immediately agreed. Coming to Li Mu's hometown, Li Mu naturally had to do his duty as a host.

After watching the group of people enter the hotel, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "Kang Zi and I will take a taxi to take you home first."

Su Yingxue smiled and said with a mysterious expression, "My dad will pick me up. I will ask him to take you two first!"

Li Mu felt that it was somewhat inappropriate for a girl's father to take him and Zhao Kang home in the middle of the night, so he said, "Our communities are not far from each other, just two kilometers. How about we take a taxi back after we take you to the car?"

Su Yingxue looked out of the hotel and recognized the Passat from her father's company at a glance. It was a Passat without police car paint. Then she blinked at Li Mu and said, "Okay, my dad is outside. Let's go together."

Li Mu nodded and didn't think much about it. When the three of them went out of the courtyard of the Haizhou Hotel, there were two Passats parked ten meters apart on the side of the road. Both cars were black. The one in front was a little old, and the one in the back was brand new in terms of paint and wheels. It could be seen that it was a new car that had just been bought.

Accompanying Su Yingxue to approach the Passat in front, Li Mu didn't feel that the car was familiar. After all, there weren't many cars on the street these days, and Passats were common.

However, when the driver's door was suddenly opened and a middle-aged man came out of the car, Li Mu was stunned.

At this time, Su Yingxue called the man "dad". Li Mu's face was so hot that he wanted to dig a hole and hide in it.

There was no other reason. He "knew" Su Yingxue's father and had met him twice.

The first time, he drove Song Liang's Benz car to send Su Yingxue home, and then he was stopped on the way to the ecological park for dinner. He found out that he didn't have a driver's license, but after asking about his school and college entrance examination results, he was lenient and only punished him to do twenty push-ups on the spot. At that time, he thought that he was quite good, but he didn't expect that after he found out that he was admitted to Renmin University, he inexplicably punished him by thirty push-ups, which made him very depressed.

The second time, he borrowed a GL8 from Song Liang's company and took Su Yingxue to the ecological park for dinner. When he left, he happened to see him parking. Because he had a driver's license, he was fearless and even greeted him very proudly. However, he never dreamed that this person was Su Yingxue's father!

If he knew that this was Su Yingxue's father, although Li Mu couldn't avoid driving without a license for the first time, he definitely wouldn't pretend to be bad * ss the second time they met. Now that he found out the truth, Li Mu's mood couldn't be described in words.

This is really … too embarrassing …

At this moment, Su Weimin was also a little surprised.

What's going on?

Why does my daughter always appear in my sight with this guy?

The two of them attending the National People's Congress together has already made me feel very uneasy. Now, they're going home together in the middle of the night. What's going on here that I don't know?

Su Weimin's attitude toward Li Mu was very different from the two previous times they met. The first two times they met, Su Weimin regarded Li Mu as a little bastard who interfered with his precious daughter. Although he was a little annoyed, deep down, he thought that this guy should not be too much of a threat. But this time, in his heart, he regarded Li Mu as a great unstable factor around his daughter.

After all, he was going to be the top leader of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau in less than a month. Originally, he didn't have much confidence in being the top leader. However, Li Jiawei was suddenly involved in Wu Dong's case, so he got a big bargain. Not only could he be promoted to the top leader immediately, but he also got a higher level of political network through the current director Du Cheng, who was about to be transferred to the provincial party committee.

Because of this wonderful encounter in his official career, Su Weimin's whole state of mind suddenly had earth-shaking changes. Now, his sensitivity to politics and current affairs was more than one level higher than before. Every morning, he would read several newspapers, the provincial TV news at noon, the Central TV news at noon, today's statement, the provincial TV news at night, the Central TV news broadcast, the focus interview, the news investigation … He almost didn't miss any of these. This was the experience that Du Cheng taught him. No matter how far away he was from the top, he should always follow the spirit of the top and be ready to cater to them. Maybe he would be lucky enough to be regarded as a positive role model. In that case, his future official career could be said to be smooth sailing.

However, before he could capture the new spirit of the police system at the highest level, he saw Li Mu's 3321's related news and interviews on major TV stations and even Central TV. A kid who was not even 20 years old could get such a large piece of Central TV's attention. To be honest, Su Weimin was envious of him and also a bit impressed.

Although he admired Li Mu, he was certainly not happy that this kid was always so close to his daughter. Even though he had to admit that Li Mu was indeed very outstanding, and even unique among his peers, as a father, he still didn't want such a time bomb around his daughter. Although he had a lot of requirements for his daughter, puppy love was the most principled issue that he couldn't compromise.

When Su Yingxue walked to Su Weimin's side, Li Mu was still standing about seven or eight meters away. He looked embarrassed, but he didn't know what to say. He didn't even know if he should say hello to Su Weimin.

It was Zhao Kang who poked his back with his finger and reminded him in a low voice, "Seize the opportunity to show off!"

Zhao Kang felt that this was Su Yingxue's father. He might even be his future father-in-law. Although he couldn't say that you indirectly helped him get promoted, you shouldn't not even say hello. If you left a bad first impression, it would be troublesome to change in the future.

Li Mu felt bitter in his heart. This wasn't the first time they met, but the third time. The key was that he had a little conflict with him the previous two times. Now it seemed that the small conflict had turned into a big embarrassment.

However, Li Mu finally braced himself and waved his hand. He laughed twice and said, "Hello, Uncle."

Su Weimin was extremely vigilant. He just nodded perfunctorily to Li Mu, put Su Yingxue's suitcase in the back seat, and urged Su Yingxue to get in the car.

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu's dumbfounded look and couldn't help laughing in her heart. She felt that the situation in front of her was really interesting. She knew the misunderstanding between her father and Li Mu, and she also knew that Li Mu didn't know that this was his father. So when they met, the atmosphere was awkward, but also a little funny.

Su Yingxue waved goodbye to Li Mu and Zhao Kang. Seeing the Passat drive away, Li Mu finally breathed a sigh of relief. He wiped the sweat on his forehead and said to Zhao Kang, "Let's go. Let's take a taxi back."

Zhao Kang asked curiously, "What's wrong with you?

Why are you so nervous to see Su Yingxue's father? "

Li Mu sighed, "Hey, you don't understand."