Chapter 1626

As the first shot into the O2O market, and even the product of the O2O Genesis of this era, Hungry Mike played a vital role in Li Mu's eyes.

Li Mu even wanted to introduce Uber's car sharing model, but Hua Xia did not have this condition at the current stage. The number of private cars was still far from enough. In this case, even if Uber's model was introduced in China, it would not have a chance to take root.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to start Hungry Mike in Hua Xia first, and then go to the US next year to set up Uber. As for whether Hungry Mike's model could be introduced to the US market, Li Mu did not have much hope. Hungry Mike's success in Hua Xia was due to the fact that Hua Xia's labor cost was much lower than the US. A delivery fee of 3 to 4 RMB could provide a stable and generous salary for the deliveryman. But if it were to be introduced to the US market, the delivery fee might be the same as the meal fee, or even higher.

Due to the US's unique geographical advantage, as well as the development of agriculture and animal husbandry, countries like Hua Xia did not have to worry about food since a hundred years ago. They had a strong food production capacity, and this production capacity far exceeded their consumption capacity. Therefore, in countries like the US, the cost of basic food was very low.

When Li Mu went to the United States before, he found that the price of a Big Mac meal in McDonald's there was only 299 US dollars, which was no more than 20 RMB. However, the monthly income of a low-income person in the United States was about 1500 US dollars. If such a high labor cost was used to deliver such low-cost food, the additional cost would be too high.

Moreover, Li Mu also noticed a very interesting phenomenon in the US. Most Americans liked to do things by themselves, such as weeding, repairing their houses, and fixing their pipes. This was not because Americans were more hardworking than Hua Xia people, but because the cost of their labor was too high. It might cost hundreds of USD to hire someone to unclog the toilet, and a toilet pad could even be bought at a two-dollar store.

Because of the high cost of manpower, Americans had developed the character of not hiring others if they could do it themselves. Therefore, Li Mu felt that in such a market environment, there was no room for Hungry Sheep to grow.

But Uber is different. Although it is technically O2O, it is the perfect model for the sharing economy. The US has a well-developed automobile industry, and private cars are even more developed. However, the average debt is very high, and the sharing economy is a good place to grow. On a small level, it can help ordinary people realize the idle resources in their hands. On a large level, it can realize the idle resources of the whole society. It is more reasonable, economical, and environmentally friendly.

Uber alone was a behemoth with a valuation of tens of billions of dollars. If Makino Technology could incubate it in the future, then Makino Technology's valuation or market value would be greatly boosted.

Li Mu counted with his fingers. His future industry plan was really amazing. The whole of Apple was in his hands, and the Android system was also in his hands. He had also laid out his cloud service business very early. When that time comes, with the addition of Tesla, Face, and Uber, he would basically be able to unify the IT industry.

After the meeting with the team and formulating the Hungry Sheep product plan, Li Mu was still waiting for the Central Television to finish the filming and finish the donation ceremony with the Forbidden City. However, the Central Television had not given him any news yet. Spielberg, who had been filming "Flying Tigers" in Yun Province, called him and told him that the pre-filming of "Flying Tigers" would be completed in the next ten days.

Hearing this news, Li Mu was extremely excited as he held the phone. He asked Spielberg excitedly, "Steven, how long will the post-production take after the filming is completed?"

Spielberg said, "After all the filming is completed, the production team will immediately set off for the United States, and then complete the post-production work of the film in Hollywood. The biggest workload is the computer special effects, but since we used a lot of real scenes, the workload of the post-production computer special effects has been reduced to a certain extent. So, I think it should be completed in three to four months."

Li Mu said, "Three to four months, which is the end of this year or the beginning of next year."

Spielberg said, "That's right. Basically, it's these two time points."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Then we will strive to release it at the time of Hua Xia's Lunar New Year, probably in late January next year. North America and Europe will find another suitable time window."

Spielberg smiled and said, "In late January, it will definitely be no problem. The time node is enough."

Then, Spielberg said, "By the way, Mr. Lee, I heard from Du Wei that you wrote a theme song for our movie. I want to ask, when will this song be released?

I want to know about it first, and it would be best if I could listen to it first. "

Only then did Li Mu remember that he had changed the lyrics of Greenday's "21 Guns" to praise the war. He was going to ask Du Wei to find time to record it, but later Du Wei went to the crew, and he had been busy, so he did not have time to deal with this matter.

So, Li Mu asked him, "Steven, has Du Wei's scenes been completed?"

Spielberg said, "Miss Du Wei has the last three sets of scenes tomorrow. After that, it will be completely completed. We have prepared a cake and champagne for her in advance, and we will hold a celebration party for her."

Then, Spielberg said, "Miss Du Wei is the first of the leading actors to complete the film."

Li Mu immediately said, "Then I will fly over tomorrow morning to attend this party and thank everyone in person for their hard work in the past six months. It just so happens that all the main cast members are here this time. Let's have a good celebration. If we miss the opportunity tomorrow, it will basically be impossible for everyone to get together again."

Spielberg hurriedly said, "That's great. I will tell everyone and let them get ready."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't tell everyone. We will give them a surprise."

Spielberg smiled and said, "Well, if you insist."

"OK, then we'll see you tomorrow!"

The film "Flying Tigers" meant too much to Li Mu. It was not only a good opportunity for the whole world to face up to history, but also an opportunity for the West to face up to Hua Xia. Only such a film could make the West understand the sacrifices and contributions made by the people of Hua Xia during World War II for world peace. It could also make them understand that Japan's extreme samurai spirit trampled on and destroyed human peace.

Moreover, from a smaller point of view, this film was the first time that Li Mu had cooperated with Hollywood to invest hundreds of millions of US dollars. It was the stepping stone for Makino Technology to enter the world film and television industry. If this film could be a big success on a global scale, then Makino Technology could attack Hollywood on a large scale.

Because of the importance of this film, Li Mu decided that he must take advantage of the fact that the film had not finished shooting and the main actors were still on the set to rush over to have a celebration party with everyone.

For a big production, it was too difficult for the whole crew to celebrate the completion of the film. Generally speaking, after all the scenes of a big star were finished, he would leave early and quickly start to work on the next job. For example, Tom Hanks might finish his scenes a week earlier than Leonardo. He could not wait for Leonardo for a week and then celebrate the completion of the film with him.

Therefore, Li Mu felt that he must take advantage of this opportunity to rush over.

After hanging up the phone with Spielberg, Li Mu immediately called Li Ziwei. As soon as the call was connected, he said to her, "Ziwei, quickly help me contact the charter company. I want to fly to Spring City tomorrow morning. In addition, contact Southwest Airlines and prepare two helicopters from Spring City Airport to the set of 'Flying Tigers'."

Li Ziwei said in surprise, "Li Zong, are you in such a hurry?"

"Yes." Li Mu said, "They are about to finish shooting. If we don't rush over now, it will be too late."

Li Ziwei hurriedly said, "Okay, then I will contact the charter company and Southwest Airlines."

Li Mu said, "Also, contact the biggest import alcohol distributor in Yanjing. Help me prepare a batch of good champagne and red wine. The budget is about one million yuan. Send it to the capital airport tomorrow morning and send it along with the plane."

Li Ziwei said, "Okay, I will arrange it now."

After Li Ziwei hung up the phone, she immediately contacted the charter company. However, the feedback she got was that there was no business jet available tomorrow. The earliest would be the day after tomorrow. However, she was very clear that Li Mu had to rush to Spring City tomorrow. If there was really no business jet, even if it was ordinary civil aviation, Li Mu would definitely rush over. Therefore, she tried her best to fight with the charter company.

The charter company also didn't want to offend a big client like Li Mu. Moreover, he was such a big and influential client. Therefore, they urgently transferred a plane from Shanghai and applied for a flight license. After trying their best to fight for it, they finally got a solution.

Tomorrow morning at nine o 'clock, the transferred plane would take off from Shanghai and arrive at Yanjing Airport around eleven o' clock. Then, it would take off at one-thirty and arrive at Spring City around five o 'clock in the afternoon.

This was already the limit that the charter company could do. Li Ziwei immediately confirmed the flight schedule with them. Then, she communicated with Southwest Airlines and rented two civilian helicopters from the airport to the filming location.

Southwest Airlines also felt that it was too hasty to book a day in advance. However, when they heard that Li Mu wanted to use the plane, they immediately expressed that there was no problem.

After everything was settled, Li Ziwei then called the main alcohol distributor and ordered 160 bottles of high-grade red wine and champagne. The total price was 1.02 million yuan.

After everything was settled, Li Ziwei called Li Mu and reported the situation.