Chapter 365

To Li Mu, since Liu Shixiong could not wait to enter the Internet industry and wanted to start a business with him, he could not drop the ball at this time. In the first half of this year, he had to get Taobao up no matter what. After all, Liu Xiaodong was the leader of tens of thousands of people in Jingdong. There was no need to doubt his management ability, market vision, and professionalism.

Li Mu wanted to capture instant messaging, online payments, and online games. E-commerce was naturally a part that he could not give up. This plate was too big. He had already stolen Taobao and Alipay in advance. Together with Liu Xiaodong, he had basically included B2C and C2C in his pocket. In contrast, C2C was an asset-light project. Just like in the early stages of Taobao, a platform was built for users to trade with other users. He only needed to improve, manage, and operate the platform well. Therefore, Li Mu decided to start with the C2C model.

Compared to C2C, B2C was an asset-heavy project. Once he wanted to do B2C, he had to solve the supply channels, warehousing, logistics, and distribution systems. Among these, the most costly was distribution. If he wanted to build a logistics and distribution system, he would need at least tens of thousands of people to cover the whole country. At the same time, he would need to build more than a dozen or more warehousing bases. This model was like a cash melting pot. There was no need to start too early in the short term.

As for giving Liu Shixiong an additional 10% of management shares, Li Mu's thinking was very simple. The bigger the plate, the harder it was to monopolize it. Liu Shixiong's ability was there for all to see. Although he did not know, Li Mu knew very well in his heart that once this kind of person discovered his potential, it would be very difficult for him to submit to others. Giving him 20% of the shares was also to restrict him in the future. If the benefits and imagination in front of him were big enough, it would be able to weaken his confidence to a certain extent. It would make him subconsciously think that he did not have the ability to achieve more than what he had in front of him.

And Li Mu's offer of 20% had indeed moved Liu Xiaodong. Based on the Makino Technology, 20% was worth at least 200 million. It was much better than the photomagnetic products he was working hard to sell.

Therefore, the two reached an agreement happily. Liu Xiaodong himself also began to prepare to sell all the photomagnetic shops and businesses after the New Year. His girlfriend, Gong Xiaojing, was also very happy. Liu Xiaodong was willing to leave the Zhongguancun electronics market, which was a place where crooks and honest people mixed together. It was a great thing for her. At the very least, her parents would no longer think that the career he had chosen was too low-end. If he and Li Mu's e-commerce business started, they might be able to impress their families.

These two days, Zhao Kang's skin injuries had improved a lot. Li Mu also talked to Su Yingxue about driving home. Li Mu's original intention was not to let Su Yingxue suffer, so he wanted her to take a sleeper back to Haizhou by herself. She would sleep and arrive the next morning. Then, he would drive back with Zhao Kang and send his girlfriend and brother back.

In Li Mu's view, Zhao Kang was beaten because of him, so he had to agree to his request.

Su Yingxue decided to go back with Li Mu. Li Mu was reluctant at first, but after Su Yingxue went to refund the ticket, Li Mu did not say anything more. It was difficult to get the train ticket back after it was refunded, especially the sleeper ticket. Therefore, he could only agree to drive back with her.

Li Mu set the time to go back to the hospital on the second morning of the official holiday. On the first day of the holiday, he wanted to go to the hospital to see Wang Yanan's mother. It just so happened that he heard that the holiday of Beijing University was one day earlier than the National People's Congress. He estimated that when he went to the hospital, Zhao Ziqiu and the others should have already gone home.

In the last class in the afternoon, the class director came in and announced the holiday time again. He wished everyone a happy New Year in advance and hoped that everyone had a safe journey home. After that, the National People's Congress was officially on holiday.

Li Mu came out of the classroom and called his mother to tell her that the school was on holiday. He would drive back with Zhao Kang the day after tomorrow, and it would probably be evening when he got home.

When his mother heard that Li Mu was going to drive back, she kept telling him, "Be careful on the way home. Don't rush. Even find a place to rest for the night."

Li Mu said, "I know, mom. Don't worry. We'll drive slowly. It'll be fine."

His mother said, "Our house has been renovated. Song Liang found a decoration company for us. It's said that the materials used in the renovation are all imported environmentally friendly materials. Song Liang asked someone to test it, and it seems that it passed the formaldehyde test. We can move in now."

Li Mu said, "Then spend the New Year in the new house this year. It's more spacious."

His mother said with a smile, "Your dad thinks so too. This year, he wants to bring your grandparents over. Usually, your aunt and aunt come to visit us on weekends. I think there will be more people visiting us during the New Year. We can't afford to live in our small house."

The new house bought from Song Liang was big enough and had a good layout. In his previous life, Li Mu didn't have the ability to buy a new house for his parents. But this New Year, his family could finally spend the New Year in the big house that they liked. Although the house wasn't worth much, that satisfaction couldn't be achieved with money alone.

After Li Mu finished talking with his mother, he immediately called Su Yingxue. He would go to the hospital to visit Wang Yanan's mother in the morning and go shopping in the afternoon to buy some things for his family. His parents were making a lot of money now, so they didn't lack anything. But it was his first time going home from Yanjing for the New Year. When he went to visit his grandparents, it wouldn't be good to go empty-handed. Anyway, the GL8 was big enough for five people to go together. The remaining space could store a lot of things, so he might as well buy some Yanjing specialties and bring them back as gifts.

Su Yingxue immediately agreed. She said that she wanted to go to Daoxiang Village to buy some pastries for her grandmother. Her grandmother had stayed in Yanjing for a period of time and had a special fondness for the pastries of Daoxiang Village.

After the two made an appointment, Li Mu was going to have dinner with his roommates. Everyone agreed to have a farewell dinner tonight. They would all go home tomorrow, except for Hu Zhengdao, who had to stay in Yanjing for a period of time to accompany Wang Yanan and her mother.

Li Mu was about to go to the restaurant that he had booked when he suddenly received a call from Zhao Ziqiu. Seeing her name appear on the screen of the phone, Li Mu was slightly surprised, but he felt inexplicably nervous in his heart. It was as if he had been waiting for her call for a long time.

Li Mu answered the phone and pretended to be calm. "Hello, Ziqiu, are you on vacation?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "We were on vacation yesterday. Today, everyone went to the hospital to see Yanan's mother and went home one after another in the afternoon."

Li Mu asked her, "What about you? Have you decided when to go home?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It's decided. It's tonight, which is around two o 'clock tomorrow morning."

Li Mu asked her in surprise, "There are still flights at that time?"

"Yes," Zhao Ziqiu said, "There are more flights during the Spring Festival. It's not easy to buy plane tickets, so I can only buy this."

Li Mu said, "It's too late. Even if it takes off in the morning, it'll be fine."

Zhao Ziqiu sighed. "I can't buy a ticket. Usually, I buy a ticket in the afternoon, and I can still make it home for dinner."

Li Mu asked her subconsciously, "It's not good to take a bus so late, right?

Do you want me to send you? "

Zhao Ziqiu's voice immediately became surprised. "Really?"

This was the reason why she called him.

Li Mu said affirmatively, "Yes, it's not safe for you to be alone at that time. I'll pick you up at around one o 'clock tonight."

Zhao Ziqiu said happily, "Okay, then I'll wait for your call in the dormitory."

Li Mu said, "No problem, I'll call you when I arrive at around one o 'clock."

Li Mu actually didn't fly many times, so he didn't know that domestic flights usually didn't take off at three o 'clock in the morning, unless the flight was delayed. The scheduled flight time wouldn't be set at this time. Usually, the last flight of the day would take off before twelve o' clock in the morning, and after landing, the first flight of the day would take off at six or seven o 'clock in the morning.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't buy a ticket at three o 'clock, but the first flight from Yan Jing to Yan Jing at seven o' clock in the morning. The only reason why she lied to Li Mu and told him that it was three o 'clock was that she wanted to take this opportunity to spend more time with Li Mu.

Li Mu didn't know this. Because he had promised to send Zhao Ziqiu, he only drank a bottle of beer when he had dinner with his roommates, which made them very dissatisfied. They had agreed to get drunk, but Li Mu suddenly dropped the ball.

Li Mu said that he had something to do at night, so everyone asked him where he was going, but Li Mu didn't tell them.

In the evening, Su Yingxue didn't go to see Li Mu. She would go back to Haizhou the day after tomorrow. She had to accompany her cousin these two nights. In fact, this was also her aunt's idea. In short, they couldn't give Su Yingxue a chance to stay out at night before the holidays.

After dinner, he went back to the dormitory. Li Mu set an alarm clock at 12: 30 and slept for a few hours.

At 12: 30, the alarm clock rang. The other people in the dormitory who were drunk were sleeping like dead pigs. Li Mu got up, washed his face, and went out of the dormitory.

Zhao Ziqiu had been waiting anxiously for a long time in the dormitory. Her sisters in the dormitory had all left, and Wang Yanan was accompanying her mother in the hospital. She was the only one left in the dormitory with her well-packed luggage, waiting for Li Mu's call.

After Li Mu drove the car to the gate of Yan Jing University, he called Zhao Ziqiu and said to her, "Come out. I'm here. Put on more clothes. It's windy outside, and it's quite cold."

"Well, I see. Wait for me. I'll be there soon."

After hanging up the phone, Zhao Ziqiu was as happy as a child. She quickly stood up and checked the empty dormitory for the last time. The windows were closed, the plugs were unplugged, and the bedding was rolled up and covered with clean plastic sheets. The garbage basket and various containers had been cleaned up.

After confirming everything, Zhao Ziqiu dragged her small suitcase out of the dormitory, locked the door, and trotted happily all the way to the school gate.