Chapter 556

The news that Du Wei was invited by the Children's Protection Fund and praised by Zhang Guorong spread to the mainland much faster than Li Mu could.

While he was still flying in the sky, YY had already started to push news related to Du Wei to its users. At the same time, it also put news posts at the top of Du Wei's Tieba, Zhang Guorong's Tieba, and Mo Wenwei's Tieba at the same time to build momentum for Du Wei through the Internet.

The mainland people and the media had always hoped that the mainland could be recognized by the outside world in all aspects. Therefore, the mainland people admired local companies such as Huawei, DJI, and BYD, which had made great achievements overseas. They also admired the mainland stars who went to Hong Kong and even Hollywood to develop their careers, such as Wu Jing, who had a place in Hong Kong action movies, and Li Lianjie, who had a small reputation in Hollywood. This was not because the mainland people felt inferior, but because they had a sense of national identity as they constantly came into contact with the wider world. It was precisely because of this sense of national identity that they needed more national pride to maintain their enthusiasm for their nation and country.

The fact that Du Wei was recognized by Zhang Guorong was very useful to the mainland people. It could be said that so many mainland stars had gone to Hong Kong to develop their careers, but except for Wang Fei, who had become a superstar, no one could receive such high praise from a top Hong Kong star. Therefore, when the video of Zhang Guorong's participation in the Children's Protection Fund was posted on the Internet, Du Wei suddenly received a lot of attention from domestic netizens.

When Li Mu's plane landed in Yan Jing, even many TV stations reported Zhang Guorong's praise and praise for Du Wei. As a result, Du Wei suddenly became a star who carried the public's national pride.

However, what made Li Mu somewhat curious was that since he was exposed by the media for a period of time at the beginning of 3321, he did not attract much media attention in the future, and the media rarely reported anything related to him. Last night, he gave Hong Kong entertainment reporters a collective climax on the stage of the Children's Protection Fund dinner. As a result, the mainland media didn't even bother to say a word. All their attention to this incident was focused on Du Wei.

Du Wei became popular again. Her Tieba was flooded by a large number of new fans. Not only did the demo download data of her three songs soar, but even the "Oldboys" she starred in became popular again.

In addition to a large number of fans gathered in the Tieba, some TV stations also began to seize the opportunity and began to temporarily replay the "Oldboys" micro-movie. After selling the first broadcast rights of the replay to Xiangnan Satellite TV, Li Mu completely unbanned the copyright of "Oldboys". Any domestic TV station can replay "Oldboys" at will, as long as the broadcasting unit guarantees not to make cuts to the plot, and Makino Image does not charge a penny for copyright fees, they can broadcast it however they want.

On the taxi Li Mu returned to Zhongguancun from the airport, the host of the car radio station was still narrating what happened in Hong Kong last night. The tone was as if he was also there. After promoting Du Wei, the radio station began to play Du Wei's songs, and it was the three broadcasts that surprised Li Mu.

Du Wei only had these three songs, and as a result, they were all broadcasted by the radio station in one breath.

This made Li Mu sigh in his heart. It's time to prepare a few more songs for Du Wei. The number of her current works is far from keeping up with her current popularity.

What Du Wei needs most now is to establish a steady foothold in the Mainland market. Li Mu has never been prepared to let her really go to Hong Kong to develop. Zhang Guorong values Du Wei so much. In Li Mu's eyes, it is not a good opportunity for Du Wei to go to Hong Kong to develop, but a good opportunity for Du Wei to export to the domestic market.

Throughout modern times, the psychology of Chinese people at the international level is inferiority complex and depressed, which has led to a century-long idea of worshiping foreigners. Although Hong Kong has been returned to China for five years, to be fair, it can still be equated with foreigners for Chinese people. If Du Wei can get recognition in the Hong Kong market, then she will be more likely to be recognized by the domestic people.

To get recognition in the Hong Kong market, it is not enough to rely on Zhang Guorong's support. Du Wei must have works that can stand firm in the Hong Kong market.

Therefore, Li Mu's idea is to quickly prepare two songs for Du Wei, and at least one of them must be a Cantonese song. There are a lot of songs in Li Mu's mind. Mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and even Japan, Korea, Europe, and America. There are a lot of good songs, but the song must be chosen carefully and appropriately. If it is chosen well, one song will be able to do it easily, but if it is not chosen well, a good song may be quickly buried by the wrong background.

There is a national treasure female singer in the United Kingdom, Adele. She is estimated to be a 13 or 14-year-old girl now. Her song "Rolling-in-the-Deep" swept the world, and it also swept almost all the music charts and won many awards at the Grammys. But in Li Mu's view, if this song does not have a strong background on the Internet, it will not be able to rise to the height of the future. Back then, many people on major video websites imitated this song, and countless contestants on talent shows also sang this song. If Du Wei sings this song now, it will probably not cause a big response.

Taylor Swift also has a lot of high-quality original songs. When her era came, she was also a popular female singer around the world, but now her songs are still not practical.

Li Mu gave up the idea of English songs, and was ready to choose from Chinese songs. There are a total of two directions, Mandarin and Cantonese.

Li Mu thought along the way, and all kinds of Cantonese and Mandarin songs from the future appeared in his mind. One by one, they appeared in Li Mu's mind, and one by one, they were rejected by Li Mu.

There are indeed a lot of good songs, but at this time, there is no one that can be used to change the situation.

When he got out of the car, the radio station suddenly played "Our Souvenir Album" by the Hong Kong group Twins. Thinking of this group, the first keyword that appeared in Li Mu's mind was "Next Stop, Heavenly Queen"!

The Twins were still newcomers who had just debuted. "Next Stop, Heavenly Queen" was their first real hit song, and it was also this song that sent them to the position of A-list celebrities, making them completely famous across the mainland. Almost at this moment, Li Mu was sure that this song was the one he was looking for for Du Wei, a song that could lift something heavy as if it were light!

There was nothing more suitable than this song for Du Wei to use as a stepping stone in the Hong Kong music industry. This song itself was very characteristic of Hong Kong. "Next Stop, Heavenly Queen" was actually the name of a subway station in Hong Kong, but because of the uniqueness of the name, it had two layers of meaning. It could be said that the next stop was the Heavenly Queen Station, but it could also be said that the next stop would be the Heavenly Queen Station. The name indicated the goal, and in this song, there were many local Hong Kong elements. For example, "Standing in front of Big Maru, carefully looking at my path. Big Maru was the Big Maru Department Store in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. In the last line," Lovers at Baide New Street, "Baide New Street was also a place in Hong Kong. Combined with the pun of" Heavenly Queen ", it would definitely be quite familiar to the people of Hong Kong.

From the perspective of music composition, "Next Stop, Heavenly Queen" could only be a small song. The tune was simple, the background music was simple, and it could not be considered grand. It was not like Beyoncé and Celine Dion in Europe and America, whose songs were complicated, frequently changing key, magnificent, and soul-stirring. But this was also the characteristic of the Chinese music industry, especially the female songs. It was very humble and warm, and this song was also very suitable for Du Wei's image and temperament. Since the Twins could reach the top of the A-list group with this song, then Du Wei could also use this song to make a strong entrance into the Hong Kong music industry. She might even be able to raise the height of this song to a higher level than the Twins.

In terms of the voice foundation, even if the Twins were two people, there was still a gap between them and Du Wei. Moreover, Du Wei's voice conditions had not been fully developed yet. If she could get in touch with more advanced singing methods of pop music and master more different styles of music, her future would be even more limitless. Wang Fei spent half of her career imitating the lead singer of Little Cranberry, but she could still become the Chinese music industry's Queen. Li Mu believed that if given enough time and opportunity, Du Wei's future achievements would be above Wang Fei's.

In addition to "Next Stop Heavenly Queen," Li Mu also prepared to pair two more Chinese songs for Du Wei. However, since the three songs and "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" were all lyrical slow songs, Li Mu intended to choose one or two fast-paced songs for Du Wei. The first song that Li Mu thought of was Sun Yanzi's "The First Day." This song was written by Mayday's lead singer, Ah Xin, for Sun Yanzi. It had a bit of a pop rock style. It was a good song, and it had been widely sung in later generations. However, Li Mu did not know how well Du Wei could control this kind of song.

After choosing these two songs, Li Mu could not wait any longer. Du Wei would probably have to stay in Hong Kong for a few more days. During these few days, the online reporters that he had sent over would continuously send back the latest news. Coupled with the promotion ability of YY, Du Wei's popularity would increase a little. When she came back, he would bring her to the studio as soon as possible to audition. If she had no problems with these two songs, then he would record and release them as soon as possible.

Li Mu's plan was that if these two songs could become an instant hit, then he would definitely gather eight to ten songs for Du Wei this year and release her first album. He also planned a movie for her this year, "The Girl We Chased Together Those Years." It would be an album full of exquisite songs, a big movie that would lead the wave of youth films on campus. If handled properly, it could directly push Du Wei to the top of the list of A-list celebrities on both sides of the Straits. Not to mention anything else, she would definitely bring great help to the development of the Makino Image!