Chapter 870

"Bastard!"

At this moment, Li Guoqing was trembling in anger in front of the TV.

The interview had long ended, and the TV drama had started broadcasting on time, but he still had not recovered from the shock!

Just ten minutes ago, Li Mu had officially become his direct competitor in front of the whole nation's audience.

Li Mu's involvement in book sales was not a big deal. Li Guoqing knew that Taobao was about to acquire Joyo. In his opinion, he had been working hard in the book sales industry for a few years, and he had a strong control and appeal to the users in this vertical market. Even if Taobao acquired Joyo, they might not be able to do anything to him.

But he didn't expect that Li Mu would use the platform of Central Television to advertise himself as soon as he came up.

Damn, you're already the first in class, and you're still using your good relationship with the form teacher to cheat?

Is there anyone who plays like this?

Isn't this too unkind?

This was not the most important thing. The most important thing was what Li Mu had said!

"Not earning a single cent for the next two to three years?"

Wasn't this clearly f * cking throwing the pot at him?

You have a lot of food at home, and you have a lot of pots and pans, but I only have this pot. If I destroy it, I'll starve!

"For the next two to three years, you'll take out a huge sum of money to subsidize book sales?"

This is simply destroying my pot even if I'm losing money!

What kind of grudge is this!

Your newly established Taobao is now the leader of the industry. I'm just living in a corner, guarding the small market of books and audiovisual products. I don't earn much in the first place. I'm just earning some hard-earned money and porridge money. I didn't offend anyone. Why are you risking your life right from the start? What do you mean?

"In the next two to three years, Taobao will be the cheapest platform for books in the whole country, and there will be no other?"

This is even worse!

Aren't you snatching my customers in front of the whole nation?

Furthermore, what do you mean by no other?

Does that mean that no matter how much I lower the price, you must lower it than me, and not give me a chance to catch up to you?

This is simply forcing me to my death!

Is this necessary?!

Was it necessary?!

However, Li Guoqing knew very well that Li Mu's Taobao website was much stronger than his own platform in all aspects. What was even more impressive was the Makino Technology and the artifact YY. Once Li Mu integrated all kinds of resources and played a price war with him, he would definitely be unable to resist.

The furious Li Guoqing immediately called Lei Jun after he regained his senses. Although the two of them had always been competitors, they were also old acquaintances. Moreover, he knew that Outstanding Internet had been sold to Makino Technology, which meant that Lei Jun no longer had anything to do with Outstanding Internet. Hence, the two of them were no longer competitors.

Lei Jun was very surprised when he received Li Guoqing's call. He didn't expect this big brother's first sentence to be almost a roar. "CEO Lei, what's going on with Taobao?

What's going on with the Web of Excellence?

Why did you sell the company to a bastard like Li Mu? "

Lei Jun coughed awkwardly. "Li Zong, what exactly do you want to ask?"

Li Guoqing was so angry that he was muddle-headed. He blurted out, "I don't know what I want to ask either …" He frowned and thought for a long time. Li Guoqing slapped his forehead and said, "Oh right, I remember now. I just wanted to ask you, do you think that Li Mu is a bastard?!"

Lei Jun chuckled and said, "Li Zong, aren't your words a little harsh?

What grudge do you have with him? "

"A huge grudge!" Li Guoqing said angrily. "Did you watch the news broadcast and the focus interview?

What the hell was this kid doing?

Wasn't he clearly coming for me?

Tell me in a fair manner, isn't his method too much of a bastard? "

CEO Lei smiled sheepishly. "Is it?

I … I didn't realize it. "

Li Guoqing became even more anxious. "Old Lei, we have a bit of a friendship. Why don't you speak the truth?

You've already sold Zhuoyue. From a fair point of view, can't you say something fair to make me feel better?

We used to be competitors, but we won't be competitors in the future. We'll still be good brothers! "

CEO Lei said awkwardly, "That, Old Li, to tell you the truth, we'll still be competitors in the future …"

Li Guoqing said, "What's there to compete for?

Aren't you going to work on your software and games? "

CEO Lei smacked his lips and said, "It's like this. I … I'll be joining Taobao tomorrow. I'll be the COO of Taobao in the future …"

"What the hell?

Say it again, I didn't hear you clearly … "

CEO Lei said word by word, "I'll be joining Taobao tomorrow. From tomorrow onwards, I'll be the COO of Taobao …"

"F * ck!" The person on the other end of the line cursed. Following that, the sound of the line being disconnected could be heard.

CEO Lei looked at the phone that had been disconnected and smiled helplessly. He thought to himself that Li Mu was going to destroy Dangdang. If he were to take office tomorrow, would his first project be to help Li Mu destroy Dangdang?

…

Li Guoqing's mood was extremely gloomy the entire night. It was as if he had lost his parents.

On the contrary, all the websites, Tieba, and local media were in an uproar!

Li Mu had boasted in front of the entire nation. He wanted to rely on his own strength to create two of the top ten internet companies in the world within five years. One of them was going to enter the top five. This boasting was too big. Many people didn't dare to believe it.

All the website editors sat back in front of their computers to write their articles. The newspaper editors were also speeding up the revision. They removed the original headline and replaced it with Li Mu's. The television media also reported on Li Mu's speech on the evening news. In short, Li Mu had successfully attracted the attention of the entire nation.

In the eyes of the media, experts, netizens, and ordinary people, Li Mu's ambition was equivalent to making the Hua Xia men's football team enter the top four of the World Cup in 2006 or 2010.

The possibility of the men's football team entering the top four of the World Cup was much higher than the possibility of Li Mu realizing his ambition. After all, the Hua Xia men's football team was ranked 64th in the world this year. Li Mu's most valuable company, Makino Technology, wasn't even in the top 100 internet companies in the world.

By the early morning of the next day, all kinds of comments had been spread all over the country.

Most of the mainstream media's attitude was relatively neutral. They only reported on the matter but did not make any subjective comments. However, the experts were different. They were thinking about how to be in the limelight all day long, but it was always difficult to find an opportunity. In addition, they were used to seeing Li Mu being in the limelight in front of the people. They had long been dissatisfied with Li Mu. There was no hatred nor resentment. They just saw that he was famous, and for no reason, they wanted to see him being trampled on. They even wanted to step on him a few times.

However, in the past, when Li Mu was in the limelight, he did it flawlessly every time. Even if those idle experts found him an eyesore, they couldn't find any way to attack him. In addition, Li Mu was in the limelight, and the whole country was full of praise. It was too risky to step on him. However, it was different this time. Li Mu was too ruthless this time. All the experts had countless ways to slap him in the face!

Soon, on various websites, forums, and even local newspapers, various experts' comments slapping Li Mu in the face emerged one after another. Among them, there were those who scolded him indirectly:

"Just because you have contributed to society doesn't mean you can talk nonsense!"

"Who is trying to blow up the Internet bubble again?!"

"Overnight, the cows raised by the Internet giants have all flown into the sky."

In addition to these indirect scolding, there were also those who named names:

"Makino Technology and Taobao will never become the top ten Internet companies in the world!"

"Three years, five years?

Ten years might not be enough! "

"Once the overseas giants enter China, Makino Technology and Taobao will be finished!"

"Li Mu: An overconfident Internet teenager."

Among them, there were experts in the computer field, experts in the Internet field, and experts in the fields of finance and international trade. The funniest thing was that even the military experts analyzed the many inside reasons why the U.S. government would not allow Li Mu to become bigger and stronger from the perspective of the world hegemony of the U.S. government.

What was gratifying was that the majority of netizens were not as sour as the experts and scholars, nor were they as pessimistic about the future of Li Mu, Makino Technology, and Taobao. Most of them particularly admired Li Mu's powerful and domineering remarks last night. In their opinion, Hua Xia lacked a person like Li Mu who dared to think, speak, and do things. Although what Li Mu said last night was indeed difficult to achieve, at least Li Mu was already the number one person in Hua Xia's Internet industry. If he had no chance to make Hua Xia's Internet company leap to the top of the world, then who else in Hua Xia's more than a billion people could do it?

Therefore, in this case, the confidence that everyone had in Li Mu was mostly for the entire Hua Xia and the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia. It was just that right now, Li Mu was the most worthy candidate.

…

Li Mu went to Taobao early the next morning to prepare for the official entry of Lei Jianguo. He was not affected by the negative and offensive remarks from the outside world.

For those who questioned him, Li Mu had ten thousand ways to slap their faces. However, slapping faces also needed to be realized with practical actions. Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, the first slap in the face was Makino Technology's C Series of Financing.

After last night's publicity, the valuation of Makino Technology had to be recalculated. This time, the valuation of Makino Technology would definitely rise to a sky-high price that would shock the whole country.

In the car, he specifically called Ding Zhenglin and told him, "From today on, send letters to all venture capital institutions who are interested in investing in Makino Technology. Makino Technology's C Series of Financing has been restarted. Everyone is welcome to make a new offer."

Last night's interview not only let the entire industry know that "Internet into the home" was promoted by Li Mu, but it also indirectly highlighted the relationship between Li Mu and the companies under his name with the government. This was extremely important!

This was because the indicators to measure the market value of a company were far more than just assets, profits, development space, and market share. There were also resources!

Resources were intangible assets. Although they were intangible, they must not be ignored!

Not to mention anything else, through "Internet into the home" and the promotion of CCTV, all venture capital institutions saw the strong support of the government for Li Mu. This could guarantee that Makino Technology would have the greatest policy preference in the domestic Internet market in the future. The profit margin contained in this was simply immeasurable!

If the indicators such as assets, profits, development space, market share, and other indicators of a company were added together, then government relations were multiplied by the sum of the previous addition. If the sum of assets, profits, development space, and market share was 100, then the coefficient of government relations for a normal ordinary company would default to 1. The market value was equal to 100 times 1, which was 100.

However, for Li Mu's solid government relations, even if the coefficient was not 2, it should be at least 1.5, right?

He dared not compare with central enterprises and state-owned enterprises, but in the Internet industry, Li Mu's government relations were basically in defiance of the natural order.