Chapter 1616

"More than a thousand places for exchange students?!"

As soon as William announced the exchange students, the National People's Congress students in the audience were immediately excited.

Just over half a year ago, the National People's Congress had sent a group of exchange students to the United States. This group of exchange students was envied by countless people, because they were going to Harvard University, the world's top university.

Before that, the National People's Congress could only carry out the exchange business with second-rate universities in the United States. Not to mention top universities like Harvard, even quasi-first-rate universities might not be interested in the National People's Congress. The exchange students with Hua Xia University were usually from Tsinghua University, Yan University, and Fudan University.

Because of this, the previous group of exchange students from Harvard was like a lucky star. Not only were the students of the National People's Congress envious, but the students of every university in the country were also envious.

What was most enviable was that a student like Su Yingxue would even be poached by Harvard. In the eyes of other students, this was simply like a phoenix that had flown up the tree branch and ascended to the heavens in a single bound.

With Su Yingxue as an example, the desire of the students of the National People's Congress to qualify for exchange students was far greater than that of other universities.

Originally, the top students of various majors of the National People's Congress were still looking forward to Harvard's second exchange cooperation with the National People's Congress, so that they could also have the opportunity to go to Harvard University in the United States for exchange and further study.

However, the result was very disappointing, because they didn't know why, after the first exchange cooperation between Harvard and the National People's Congress ended, there was no follow-up.

Many students who were interested in the exchange students took the initiative to ask their teachers, professors, and even school leaders, but the result was the same. "For the time being, we haven't received any interest from Harvard for exchange students. The National People's Congress also took the initiative to apply to Harvard for the second round of exchange students, but Harvard has not given any response."

In fact, it would be strange if Harvard could give a response to the National People's Congress.

If Xie Huairu hadn't urged Harvard to cooperate with the National People's Congress on student exchange under the pretext of "expressing goodwill to Li Mu", they might not have reached an actual cooperation with the National People's Congress even if they were given another ten years.

As for the group of exchange students, including Su Yingxue, the reality was that after arriving in the United States, almost none of them were able to leave a deep impression on Harvard. After arriving at Harvard, these proud sons and daughters of the National People's Congress were quickly drowned in the thousands of top students at Harvard. Not a single one of them was able to stand out.

It was the same for Su Yingxue. Although she had shown some talent at Harvard and was better than the students at the National People's Congress, she had no advantage over the top students at Harvard.

It was precisely because of this that Su Yingxue was particularly tempted when she received Harvard's offer to stay. In her opinion, it was indeed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Coupled with her admiration and desire for Harvard, she was destined to be unable to refuse.

Therefore, after Xie Huairu achieved his goal and made Su Yingxue stay at Harvard, he was no longer willing to promote the student exchange program between Harvard and the National People's Congress. Therefore, the National People's Congress was never able to make any formal negotiations with Harvard.

The senior officials of the National People's Congress reflected on this matter for a period of time. At that time, they sat together in a meeting and reflected on whether the overall performance of the students they sent out this time was too poor.

But then again, wasn't Harvard extremely satisfied with Su Yingxue?

Not only did they want her to stay at Harvard, but they also promised to send her to a business school in the future and give her a full scholarship.

It was said that this was the first time such a thing had happened among the exchange students.

The National People's Congress couldn't understand why they were still so cold to them when they had provided them with such a satisfactory student.

Later, a female leader thought of something and said, "Su Yingxue seems to be Li Mu's girlfriend, right?"

Only then did the leaders of the National People's Congress suddenly understand. The principal slapped the table and said, "No wonder. Then it makes sense. Well, don't continue to communicate with Harvard in the future. It's just asking for trouble."

They had thought that the exchange students from the world's top universities would be short-lived, but now, William had brought new expectations to the teachers and students of the National People's Congress.

After hearing this, the principal of the National People's Congress, who was sitting next to Li Mu, was overflowing with excitement.

Even Li Mu himself was slightly surprised.

The top ten universities in the UK had suddenly added more than 1,000 exchange students to Hua Xia, which was indeed a very large number of exchange students for Hua Xia's current university students.

Under normal circumstances, the top ten universities would exchange students with a country in a year on the scale of dozens, or at most a hundred people. Moreover, it was with the United States, which was full of top universities.

Generally speaking, the number of exchange students between two universities was generally limited to ten people. Only the number of exchange students between top universities and universities of the same level would be slightly higher.

If it were Cambridge and Harvard, it would be in line with the actual situation of both sides to have more exchange students. On the one hand, Europe and the United States were originally like a family. On the other hand, the two universities were almost equal. The exchange of resources was relatively fair, and it was easier to achieve a win-win situation.

However, the overall level of Hua Xia's universities was indeed a certain gap with that of the UK. Under this premise, it was even more rare for the top ten universities in the UK to offer so many exchange students.

Li Mu did not expect that the Windsor Family would help to get so many exchange students, so that Hua Xia could send more than 1,000 top students to the UK every year to see the Western world.

This opportunity might not bring much improvement to the academic ability of these more than 1,000 people, but as long as there was a chance to go out, it would be of great help to broaden the horizons of domestic students and improve the pattern of students.

However, William only talked about more than 1,000 places in his speech, but he did not say how these more than 1,000 places would be distributed.

It was definitely impossible to give all of them to the National People's Congress. Even if the National People's Congress wanted them, it would not be able to digest them at all. Because the National People's Congress only enrolled a few thousand people every year. If they had to send more than 1,000 people every year, the proportion was a bit too high.

Just when Li Mu was a little confused, William said, "These more than 1,000 exchange students have been completely confirmed. There will be no accidents. However, I think it is better for Mr. Li Mu to decide how these more than 1,000 places will be distributed in Hua Xia. Moreover, these ten British universities that provide exchange students also have a high degree of recognition of Mr. Li Mu, so they are willing to fully accept Mr. Li Mu's arrangement on the distribution of the places."

William's speech gave the control of more than 1,000 places to Li Mu.

The principal sitting next to Li Mu immediately asked him in a low voice, "Li Mu, what are you going to do with these more than 1,000 exchange students?"

Li Mu thought to himself, First of all, these more than 1,000 places would definitely be distributed. As for how they would be distributed, under normal circumstances, since the places were provided by the top 10 universities in Britain, it should be absorbed by the top 10 universities in the country according to their respective strengths. However, in this case, the National People's Congress would not have any advantage.

As Li Mu's home ground, the National People's Congress should naturally enjoy a certain amount of resources from Li Mu's point of view. Therefore, Li Mu said to the principal, "How about this? After this meeting, I will ask William to sort out a specific list, including which universities and how many exchange students they will provide. Then, I will hand this list to you, and you can decide which and how many the National People's Congress wants."

The principal nodded with a smile and said, "Good, good, good. That's great."

Li Mu reminded him, "Principal, in terms of the specific number of quotas, the National People's Congress should not take more than 20% at most. I think we can directly use 20 as the standard. Out of all the quotas given by these 10 universities, the National People's Congress will take 20 points, and the remaining 80 points will be given to other universities."

The principal nodded and said with a smile, "That's for sure. We can't take all the resources. Indeed, we have to give some to our brother universities. I think the proportion of 20 is quite good. The rest will be distributed to other brother universities!"

Since entering the 21st century, Hua Xia's universities had become very eager for exchange students from Western countries. The whole of Hua Xia was constantly opening up and connecting with the world. As an extremely important foundation of society, education naturally had an urgent need to go global.

The two basic models that could really make education go global were academic cooperation and exchange student cooperation. However, it was very difficult to carry out practical cooperation on the academic level, so the most practical way was exchange students.

Therefore, all universities had established "friendship schools" overseas and actively signed exchange cooperation agreements with overseas universities. For example, Tsinghua University had established a lot of friendship schools, but top universities like Harvard, Yale, IT, and Cambridge did not have any. The reason was very simple: they were not compatible.

In the beginning, Harvard and the National People's Congress cooperated and gave less than 10 exchange students. This matter made Yan University, Tsinghua University, and several other universities very jealous. Because except for the National People's Congress, no university in China had ever cooperated with Harvard for exchange students. The reason was that the comprehensive strength of the universities was too different.

It was the same for a university like Cambridge. Based on the overall strength of China's universities at this stage, there was no university that could establish an exchange program with Cambridge, and no university could send a student to Sword Bridge for the purpose of an exchange.

However, this time, Cambridge gave more than 100 exchange students in one go, which was like sending charcoal in snowy weather.

In fact, among the graduates of top universities in Hua Xia, there was no lack of people who were admitted to the world's top universities for postgraduate studies. However, for schools, after graduation, students went overseas on their own and their own students went overseas for exchange studies. These were two completely different paths. The former had almost nothing to do with them. At most, they were alumni.