Chapter 1206

No one had expected that Li Mu would suddenly become so furious and directly point the spearhead at Lawrence.

Although Xie Huairu breathed a sigh of relief for Li Mu and kept praising him for his quick-wittedness, he still felt a bit embarrassed if he had to translate Li Mu's exact words to Lawrence.

After stammering for a while, Xie Huairu was too embarrassed to speak. Li Mu immediately became even more furious and questioned Xie Huairu, "Ask Lawrence in English what I want him for. Is it so difficult?"

"No …" Xie Huairu smiled apologetically. "After all, we're all business partners. There's no need to make things so awkward."

"Business partners?"

Li Mu frowned and scolded, "F * ck your business partners. Is this how business partners cause trouble for me and dig holes for me?

Do you really think I don't have any temper just because I'm young and easy to talk to?

Alright then, since that's the case, I'll announce right now that the cooperation between 3321 and Harvard will be completely terminated! "

Xie Huairu was also a bit flustered when he saw that Li Mu was really anxious. If Li Mu really terminated 3321's project in the United States or directly took it to cooperate with other universities or organizations, then Harvard's losses would be huge.

Therefore, he couldn't be too apprehensive and could only bite the bullet and speak to Lawrence in English, "Principal, Li Mu is very angry right now. He asked me to ask you, he wants you to have a … to have a …"

Facing Xie Huairu's hesitation, Lawrence impatiently urged, "What?

Can you say everything in one go? "

Xie Huairu clenched his teeth and immediately said, "Li Mu asked me what he wants you for …"

The higher-ups of Harvard looked at each other in dismay.

They didn't quite understand the sentence structure and didn't understand why Li Mu would use the word "dick" to describe Lawrence and compare him to Lawrence. This kind of vulgar word was absolutely not to be said in public for the upper class and elites. However, they could all hear that Li Mu was very angry and that the consequences would be very serious!

Lawrence's expression was very awkward and only recovered from Li Mu's words after a long while. He explained himself very shamefully, "Li, don't be so angry. I am indeed responsible for this matter, but it's not entirely on me. There are too many uncontrollable factors in this matter, so …"

Li Mu frowned and stared at Lawrence. He said in an extremely rude tone, "Lawrence, don't ever forget that Project 3321 is my project, not yours or anyone else's. Since I've taken this project out to cooperate with you, you have to shoulder it for me. Don't forget that you're a f * cking man. The two balls hanging from your crotch didn't grow for nothing. If you don't even have the ability to protect this project, then don't give me any excuses and get the f * ck out of here!

From now on, if you say anything to absolve yourself of responsibility, I'll immediately stop the entire project and announce it to the entire United States! "

Sometimes, Li Mu felt that he was the easiest to talk to and the least arrogant billionaire in the world. Otherwise, why would a Lawrence dare to play such petty tricks with him?

Although it sounded that all the problems were caused by James Keane at first glance, Li Mu immediately understood the stakes after he calmed down and thought about it a little.

Whether it was project control or company management, as long as the hierarchy was clear, Li Mu didn't need to go beyond his level to manage and interfere. The person in charge of each level had to be responsible for his level. As long as there were any problems within this level, the person in charge of this level had to be responsible for him.

3321 was his project, so he was the highest leader of the entire 3321. Dong Ai was the highest person in charge of 3321 and the 3321 American station's Hua Xia. If there were any problems with her team, she should be responsible for him. Lawrence was the highest person in charge of 3321 American station's Harvard University. If there were any problems with Harvard University, he should also be responsible for him.

Although Dong Ai also revealed to him that James Keane's background was extraordinary, Li Mu directed all his displeasure at Lawrence at the moment. I f * cking gave you the project, and you f * cking brought this kind of person in. This is your full responsibility!

Moreover, if there were problems with the person, and you can't solve it, then what's the use of you?

What annoyed Li Mu the most was that when there were problems in Lawrence's jurisdiction, not only could he not solve it, but he also f * cking dug a hole for himself. This was too hateful!

You don't want to offend James Keane, so you throw this grenade to me to take it for you?

I treat you as a partner, and you treat me as a fool who takes the grenade?

You are the president of Harvard University, but what the f * ck are you in front of me?

I'm polite to you because I'm giving you face, but it's also understandable to be rude to you. I f * cking have money, projects, and resources. What do you have?

So what if you're the president of Harvard? Harvard doesn't belong to you. You're nothing more than a manager of Harvard. In the business world, I'm a f * cking boss worth tens of billions of dollars, and you're nothing more than a professional manager of a well-known company. Compared to me, aren't you just a stinking loser?

In front of me, it's fine if you don't tuck your tail between your legs, but you still f * cking play mind games with me. Do I tolerate your bad habit?

Lawrence was really frightened by Li Mu. He had never seen Li Mu so angry, and his words were not polite at all. He didn't give him any face at all. But he didn't care about face at this moment. He only knew that if Li Mu really withdrew the 3321 project and announced it to the United States through YY, the news would shock the entire United States.

The cooperation between Harvard University and 3321 to operate the 3321 American website together was something that the Americans were looking forward to. If Li Mu suddenly announced the termination of the cooperation, the American media would dig deep into the reasons. If they dug out that it was because he let James Keane in, but did not have the ability to control him, which led to Li Mu withdrawing the 3321 project in a rage, then his reputation would really be ruined on a national scale!

So, Lawrence hurriedly begged, "Li, calm down first. You're right, this is all my fault. I didn't do my job well. I will find a way to solve the problem of James Keane immediately."

Li Mu pointed at Lawrence and said unceremoniously, "From now on, the project will be temporarily suspended. You must solve all the problems that have a negative impact on the project. If you can't solve it, then I will solve it completely!"

Lawrence hurriedly nodded and said, "Li, don't worry, I will definitely solve all the problems!"

Li Mu added, "In addition, from now on, Dong Ai is the project leader of the 3321 American website. Everyone involved in this project, including you, will all report to her. You must completely and unconditionally cooperate with her, otherwise she has the right to permanently withdraw this project!"

"Okay!

I will report to Miss Dong Ai in the future! "Lawrence did not dare to disobey and immediately agreed.

Then, Li Mu said to Dong Ai, "Dong Ai, not only do you have to do the project well for me, but you also have to keep an eye on the key people for me. If you find anyone playing tricks or seeking personal interests in this project, immediately ask the relevant person in charge to solve it thoroughly. If you can't solve it, directly stop the project and take your team back to Hua Xia!"

Dong Ai was particularly moved and immediately promised solemnly, "Li Zong, don't worry, I will strictly implement your requirements!"

After Li Mu announced his appointment, Xie Huairu went up and asked him in a low voice, "Is the meeting we arranged before still going according to plan?"

Li Mu said impatiently, "Carry on my ass, we can talk about what to do next when you clean up your mess!"

After that, Li Mu looked at Lawrence and warned, "I can give you a chance to solve the problem, but there is a time limit to solving the problem. Within three days, after all the problems are completely solved, we can talk about the follow-up cooperation. If you can't solve it within three days, I'm sorry, the cooperation ends here!"

Lawrence immediately promised, "I will hold a meeting in the afternoon and solve the problems on our side completely!"

Li Mu ignored him and said to Xie Huairu, "Help me tell Mark Zuckerberg that the time has been brought forward. Ask him to come and have lunch with us at noon. I will talk to him directly after lunch."

…

James Keane was currently in the interview for the 3321 volunteers, but he was in a very bad mood the whole morning.

When Li Mu arrived at Harvard, he immediately became the object of everyone's attention. Even many of James Keane's friends and acquaintances went to greet him outside the school. This itself was difficult for James Keane to accept. What made him even more annoyed was that he had temporarily increased the number of volunteers by ten and then gathered the three thousand people for another interview. In the end, less than one thousand of the three thousand people came.

It was obvious that the reason why more than two thousand people didn't come was almost all because of Li Mu's influence. He gave them extra chances, but they gave up in order to greet Li Mu. From this point, it could also be seen how attractive Li Mu was to Harvard students.

In addition, out of the one hundred people who were scheduled to participate in the second interview, only fifty people came. Almost half of the people also gave up the chance to participate in the second interview because of Li Mu, including the only Asian girl, Zhen Xiaoxiao.

James Keane's original intention was not to keep any Asian or non-European candidates, but he was also worried that if the ten final candidates were all white, it would be too obvious of racism. So he had already made a decision to keep Zhen Xiaoxiao, an Asian, to shut other people's mouths.

But what he didn't expect was that Zhen Xiaoxiao also gave up the second interview.

Throughout the morning, James Keane was thinking about one problem. That was, in the afternoon, when the 3321 teams and Li Mu held a meeting together, how should he face this super idol who was pursued by Harvard students.

For James Keane, he had always hoped to be able to crush Li Mu's prestige in a head-on confrontation. However, when he was busy with the interview work, he suddenly received a call from Lawrence. On the phone, Lawrence said in a cold tone, "The meeting in the afternoon is canceled. Come to my office!"