Chapter 1814

Just when everyone on the scene was shocked by Li Mu's lofty aspirations, Li Mu took a sip of water and said very intently,

"The reason why human technology has developed is nothing more than three huge factors: profit, war, and dreams.

"The enlightenment of modern science and technology came from the Industrial Revolution, which was driven by the pursuit of greater profits by entrepreneurs.

"Nuclear technology, which brought new clean energy to all mankind, came from the huge impetus of World War II on weapon technology.

"Rocket technology, which helped humans launch satellites and explore the moon and other celestial bodies, also came from World War II.

"The Wright brothers built planes and allowed humans to soar, relying on the desire to fly in their hearts.

"In this peaceful era, as entrepreneurs, we have done too much in the pursuit of profit. Now it's time to work for our dreams!"

For Li Mu, the exploration of Mars was something that he would definitely accomplish if he did not do it.

It didn't matter if this project required hundreds of billions of dollars. After all, this kind of investment was like paying off a mortgage. The investment was spread over 20 years, so the pressure was not too great.

As long as he could send people to Mars in his lifetime, this would be considered a success.

From now on, he would be like Armstrong, creating a great precedent for mankind. In the next hundred years, in addition to leaving behind a few companies and entrepreneurial stories, he would also be able to leave behind such a magnificent feat for mankind. He believed that even after a few hundred years, he would still be remembered by the world.

Li Mu was not angling for fame, but he believed that people would naturally ascend to the next level after they solved their own material and spiritual needs in this life.

When you had money that you could not spend, how to use this wealth became a problem in front of you.

He now had several large-scale companies, among which, Makino Technology had even expanded its business to the world. He had also invested in many companies with potential. It would be easy for him to be worth more than a trillion dollars in the future.

But how was he going to spend a trillion US dollars?

It was meaningless to argue with buying a million houses or hundreds of large airliners. No rich person would spend so much money.

For Li Mu, buying a house in every place he liked in the world was nothing more than a matter of ten villas. Even if he bought mountains, islands, seas, and land, how much could he spend?

As for planes, wouldn't one or two be enough?

If it wasn't enough, three or four should be enough, right?

Other luxury goods were no longer luxury goods in the face of a trillion USD fortune, but trash.

Based on this ratio, a 100,000 USD super limited edition Hermes was nothing more than 1/10,000,000 of the total wealth.

Buying such a Hermès was like a millionaire buying a lollipop with a dollar. This kind of thing was not considered a luxury.

Then, what about the rest of the money?

There were two ways to do this. The first was to pass it on to the next generation.

Just like those tycoons in Hong Kong and the United States, they took out a large sum of money to set up a fund for their descendants, ensuring that each of their descendants could receive a considerable amount of living expenses from the fund every month. If they had a lot of money, they could diversify the fund and add strict restrictions on the use of the funds. As long as the global economy did not collapse, they could basically maintain the fund until the extinction of mankind. However, Li Mu did not want to do this. He hoped that his descendants could rely on the foundation that he had built. With such a good foundation, if they could not afford to eat, then such descendants deserved to live a hard life.

The second was to donate all the money to charity.

Donations were naturally not a problem. However, charity was like teaching people to fish, not teaching people to fish. There had never been a rich person who directly took out tens of billions of yuan and gave it to the world's poor with a wave of his hand. Most people used the money to donate to education, medical care, create more jobs, and boost the economy of underdeveloped areas. Therefore, charity also required a lot of energy. It was like starting a business step by step. Moreover, it was impossible to use all the money for charity.

Therefore, they could now plan ahead for the third way: Do something that would go down in history.

Elon Musk also thought the same way. He was even more extreme than Li Mu. He was willing to bet everything on this matter.

…

Soon, Li Mu's decision to explore Mars and migrate to Mars shocked the entire world.

Before him, no other tycoon had ever made such a bold statement about space.

Li Mu's offer of at least 10 billion US dollars to support this project into reality shocked the general public.

All of a sudden, the media all over the world reported on Li Mu's space dream. Li Mu also announced on his Twitter that he would officially recruit space partners from all over the world.

In his words, this project might not bring huge cash benefits to investors, but it was indeed a very meaningful event that could go down in history.

For the tycoons who were worth "hundreds of millions of US dollars", participating in this wave was not a big deal.

Li Mu would not let them spend money for nothing. As long as the subscription fund was more than 10 million US dollars, they would receive continuous exposure of the entire Mars immigration project. This would also be a good publicity for the investors themselves.

What Li Mu did not expect was that the first person to follow up on his investment in the Mars immigration project was Larry Page from Google.

Larry Page immediately announced on his Twitter that he would invest 1 billion US dollars in the Mars immigration project in the next 20 years.

Ever since he was defeated by Li Mu, Larry Page regarded him as his life idol. When he saw Li Mu's press conference, his first thought was, "Oh my, f * ck, f * ck!

I want to participate in something this f * cking awesome! "

Now that Google's stock price was rising, and with Li Mu's support, Google would have no competitors in other markets other than the Hua Xia market. Therefore, his future net worth would be at least 10 billion US dollars or even tens of billions of US dollars. A 1 billion US dollars commitment was more than prudent. If the economic conditions allowed, he would continue to invest more.

Li Mu's business partners also followed up. For Wanying Real Estate, Song Liang, Chen Ze, and Wei Lan decided to take out 20% of their personal income for the next 20 years to support the Mars immigration project. Li Mu only wanted 10%.

As for Makino Technology, Lei Jianguo, Liu Shixiong, and other executives also signed a 10% subscription agreement.

When they were making the decision, Li Mu repeatedly told them that he would not make any demands on them. They should not think that they were going to invest, and they should also express their opinions. It all depended on their own situation and thoughts, and they would only invest if they really wanted to.

However, everyone's feedback was that everyone was excited about this project.

Even if they could not see the project they invested in succeed in their lifetime, everyone was still willing to give it a try!