Chapter 307

In the future, Zhang Weiwei's Rice Shop was regarded as the classic of the classics by folk musicians and folk song lovers. Many people had covered this song, including Old Wolf, a senior figure in the field of folk songs, and Li Zhi, a rising star.

The lyrics of this song were very simple. There were only two simple sections of the main song. Li Mu sang it softly, which immediately caught the ears of most of the students. However, they couldn't understand the lyrics just by listening to it. But because it was good to listen to, other things didn't matter.

This song was very popular. If it was in the category of pop music, its popularity might not even be able to compete with the catchy songs of a third-rate singer. But fortunately, the audience today were all college students. Folk songs were the music style born from the college students. They had an unusual love for folk songs.

After singing the two sections of the main song, Li Mu raised his voice slightly and sang the most wonderful part of the chorus with a more perfect voice.

The chorus of Rice Shop only had one section,

"Sweetheart, do you feel that tomorrow has come,

Our ship is anchored on the dock,

I will wash my hair and climb the mast,

Prop up our home which is like the tender leaves of a grape branch. "

The lyrics were extremely simple. The content didn't actively describe or emphasize the love between a man and a woman. Instead, it used a calm narrative angle to tell the feelings of the singer for his lover.

The simple lyrics were about the singer telling his lover that their future was right in front of them. The boat at the dock carried their future. And "wash your hair clean, climb the mast, prop up your home like grape branches and tender leaves." It was about the singer's commitment and sense of responsibility to love and his lover. There was no forced love or pretentiousness. It was like telling the story of the beginning of love. It was pure, simple, and beautiful.

After the chorus was sung for the first time, tears fell from Su Yingxue's eyes. Not only her, but almost all the girls who could understand the lyrics were moved. They had experienced all kinds of honeyed confessions. Some were solemn and extravagant, and some were tearful and touching. But none of them had heard such a confession. "I don't say how much I love you, and I don't say how much I will love you. I just want to tell you that I have prepared everything to give you a life that belongs to us."

"I will wash my hair and climb the mast, prop up our home which is like the tender leaves of a grape branch …"

Li Mu repeated the chorus several times. This part of the lyrics had penetrated deep into the hearts of all the people present. Some boys even took out their mobile phones to text their girlfriends who were not present. There was only the chorus in the text.

The female students were already fascinated by the song. The song itself was only one aspect. The most important thing was the mood of the song. It was so beautiful and romantic. Moreover, it showed that the man in the lyrics was extremely brave and responsible, which made him feel very safe.

A female classmate looked at Li Mu with a face full of longing and sighed, "If there's a man who can write such a song for me, I'll marry no one but him!"

Another female student murmured, "I didn't expect that Li Mu was only handsome and smart. I didn't expect him to be so talented. Oh my god, I feel that I have fallen in love with him!"

The girl next to her also reminded with a face full of regret, "He is confessing to the campus belle. If nothing goes wrong, he will definitely succeed. We won't have a chance!"

There were also boys who gave Li Mu a thumbs-up. "This guy is really talented. My goddess will definitely not suffer a loss if she follows him!"

Another person shook his head and sighed. "I don't know how many men and women in the National People's Congress will lose sleep tonight!"

At this time, the dean of the School of Finance sighed. "This Li Mu is really interesting. This song should have been written by him!

I have never heard of such a good word. "

Sun Yong curled his lips and said, "What a mess he wrote. It's all unhealthy stuff!

This guy is now fearless. He always thinks that with 3321 around, we can't do anything to him. Therefore, he has been playing tricks in the school!

Tell me, how much negative impact will a public confession have on the school's academic atmosphere! "

The dean was expressionless. Sun Yong thought that he had hit the nail on the head, so he hurriedly added fuel to the fire. "In my opinion, if we don't teach him a lesson, he might do something outrageous in the future. He is only a freshman now. It's still early!"

The dean suddenly sighed and shook his head with a smile. "Let him be."

Let him be?

What does that mean?

Sun Yong looked astonished and was even more annoyed. Just now, the name of a love song made the headmaster unhappy. Li Mu made such a big noise, but the headmaster just said let him go. Is this guy so arrogant that even the headmaster can't do anything to him? "Sun Yong thought to himself. Sun Yong was stunned.

Looking at Li Mu who was playing and singing on the stage, Sun Yong was furious.

Su Yingxue felt that her heart was about to be melted by Li Mu's singing. Every time Li Mu sang the chorus, she couldn't help but let her imagination run wild. It was as if she was really with him in a picturesque town in the south of the Yangtze River. Even the air was filled with the unique moist smell of the south. Just thinking about it made her feel full of happiness.

After the first half of the song, Li Mu hummed an interlude with the accompaniment of the guitar with his nasal voice. The soothing and melodious melody reverberated throughout the stadium.

Su Yingxue suddenly felt a sense of déjà vu, but she couldn't find any clues at the moment. Then, the male host beside her couldn't help but exclaim, "Li Mu's voice is very familiar. I think I've heard it somewhere before!"

Su Yingxue's heart was suddenly plucked by a sudden inspiration.

It's Mu!

Yes!

It's Mu!

Mu had a total of two songs. One was "Zebra Zebra", and the other was "When You Are Old".

The song "When You Are Old" had been used too much by major TV stations this year. It had touched countless people, but no one knew who the original singer of this song was. The prelude of this song was the guitar accompanied by the singer's gentle humming. The feeling was exactly the same as Li Mu's humming interlude!

Moreover, Li Mu's name also had the word "Mu" in it. What was even more coincidental was that when the word "Li" was separated, it was Mu Zi, which was homophonic with "Mu".

Oh my god!

Su Yingxue covered her mouth and looked at Li Mu in shock. She was shocked to the extreme.

Similarly, there were a few girls standing in the middle of the entrance corridor of the stadium.

They had arrived ten minutes before Li Mu started singing. However, because they were not students of the National People's Congress, they could only stand in the corridor and watch. These girls were all from Beijing University. They were Li Yawei's girlfriend, Han Xiaoxiao, Hu Zhengdao's girlfriend, Wang Yanan, Xue Jianfeng's girlfriend, Chen Jiao, and Zhao Ziqiu, who had always had a crush on Li Mu.

Han Xiaoxiao looked at Zhao Ziqiu, who was beside her. Zhao Ziqiu, on the other hand, stared at Li Mu, who was under the spotlight on the stage, with a pair of big, watery eyes.

Suddenly, Han Xiaoxiao saw tears the size of beans fall from the corner of Zhao Ziqiu's eyes. Then, she saw Zhao Ziqiu stroke her hair from her temples with her slender fingers and wiped away her tears without leaving a trace.

Han Xiaoxiao regretted it to death. She had only heard Li Yawei mention that Li Mu would be participating in the performance today. Then, she dragged Zhao Ziqiu and the others over quietly. Han Xiaoxiao originally just didn't want Zhao Ziqiu to miss Li Mu's performance on the stage. She had no idea that Li Mu would actually confess to Su Yingxue on the stage in front of so many people.

"Ziqiu, I don't want to watch anymore. Let's go." Han Xiaoxiao tugged on Zhao Ziqiu's sleeve, looking annoyed.

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head lightly and said with a smile, "It's so nice to listen to. Let's leave after listening to it."

Han Xiaoxiao said with some disdain, "I don't think it's nice to listen to at all. It's just these few lines over and over again. I'm sick of listening to it."

Zhao Ziqiu understood that Han Xiaoxiao's heart ached for her and didn't want her to continue being hurt here. However, she warned herself in her heart that she wasn't the kind of girl who ran away from reality. Although the person she liked was confessing to another woman, it didn't matter. This could only represent his choice at the age of 19. The road ahead was still long, so long that she couldn't see the end. Who knew if the love she looked forward to would suddenly bump into her at some intersection?

Personally witnessing Li Mu confess to Su Yingxue in such a romantic manner would indeed hurt her, but it wasn't enough to make her retreat. Listening to this touching song, Zhao Ziqiu became more and more certain of her choice. She really didn't misjudge him. He was indeed a good man without any flaws. He could even confess in such a way. Even if the person he confessed to wasn't her, it still moved her. The more it was like this, the more she wanted to stay. She wanted to see how much he doted on other women. Perhaps in the future, the one who would enjoy this kind of doting would be her.

The song that lasted less than five minutes gradually came to an end with Li Mu's final humming. With the last gentle chord sweep, the entire song drew a perfect conclusion. As the song was sung, applause rang out, and the audience seemed to explode. Most of the audience stood up to cheer, clap, and scream. Then, someone shouted, "Together."

Then, the romantic feelings of the college students were completely aroused by Li Mu's confession song. The whole audience shouted the same three words in a deafening voice.

Li Mu turned around and looked at Su Yingxue, who was covering her face with her hands behind the curtain. He put the guitar aside and slightly opened his arms to her.

He had confessed in front of so many people, and now so many people were shouting together. He had to give a clear answer to so many people below the stage.

Seeing Li Mu open his arms to her, Su Yingxue suddenly felt an unprecedented panic in her heart. She subconsciously wanted to go on the stage, but her legs seemed to be filled with lead and wouldn't listen to her.

Backstage, several girls who were preparing for the next program knew Su Yingxue. Seeing that Su Yingxue was still in a daze, they hurried forward and urged her excitedly, "Yingxue, why are you still in a daze? Hurry up and go on the stage!"

Su Yingxue immediately broke free from the panic and confusion. Seeing that Li Mu was still on the stage with his arms open to her, a strong determination surged from the bottom of her heart. She tore off the down jacket draped over her body, lifted the black dress with both hands, and trotted to the stage.