Chapter 1372

The content of Li Mu's speech was very short, but it was very encouraging.

The core goal that he hoped for was the unity of all the children of Hua Xia. The definition of Hua Xia's children did not lie in the geographical level of national boundaries, but in their ethnicity and bloodline.

Nowadays, the Chinese people were all over the world. However, unless something major happened, many people would not realize the importance of ethnicity and bloodline. It was not necessarily difficult to prosper a country, but if people of the same bloodline could not unite with each other, the road to prospering a country would inevitably be more arduous.

In addition to this core point of view, Li Mu also wanted to use his influence overseas to let the people overseas have a clear understanding of the situation. If, as the Western media described, SARS was only Hua Xia's problem, and Hua Xia had made a mess of handling it. However, the truth was that SARS, as well as any other human infectious disease, was not a matter of one country, but a matter of the entire human race. Hua Xia was doing his best to fight against SARS and did his best to seal SARS within Hua Xia's territory. Even if there were cases imported from abroad, Hua Xia had to ensure that they were isolated and treated, and the epidemic would not spread. Under such circumstances, would the Western media still dare to blame Hua Xia?

If he had really been a little lax and accidentally let a few patients slip through the customs and board an international flight, no matter which country he was from, it would be enough to make him suffer.

Many people just did not understand this logic. Li Mu believed that if he enlightened them, they would naturally change their attitude, and not be led by the nose by the Western media.

At the end of the speech, Li Mu said with great emotion, "Finally, as a member of the human race, I dare to give the entire human society a piece of advice. I hope that everyone can understand the principle: In the face of disease, there is no national boundary!"

After saying that, Li Mu repeated in English, "In the face of disease, there is no national boundary!"

Then, he said in a powerful voice, "Whether it is cancer, heart disease, diabetes, AIDS, or Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, Ebola, or even today's SARS, they are not the enemies of a country or a nation, but the enemies of all mankind. When a country or a nation stands at the forefront of mankind in the face of a certain disease, those humans who hide behind them, even if they do not provide any help or support, should not ridicule, criticize, or ridicule them. Otherwise, they are not worthy to stand behind heroes and enjoy the protection of heroes, or even to be human!"

When the words "not worthy to be human" came out, the scene suddenly exploded. The university students in the audience stood up and applauded again. Even the entrepreneurs and singers who were waiting backstage also stood up and applauded. There were many words that were not suitable for the official media to say, but when these words came out of Li Mu's mouth, it gave people a feeling of satisfaction!

Li Mu was not wrong at all. The people of Hua Xia's fight against SARS was not just for themselves, but for all mankind. Looking at the problem from this perspective, all the previous problems suddenly became clear. From this perspective, anyone could easily see the ugly face of the Western media. Moreover, Li Mu stood on the moral high ground of "all mankind," and then stood on this high ground and criticized those Western media with evil intentions as not worthy to be human. Such a crushing attack would make it impossible for the opponent to fight back. Even if they resisted stubbornly, they would only be clowns, and it would be impossible for them to get the support and affirmation of the majority of the people.

After Li Mu's speech ended, more than a dozen well-known entrepreneurs also went on stage one after another. However, not everyone had the opportunity to speak. After Li Mu, only two people gave a short speech. One of them was the chairman of Lenovo, and the other was the chairman of Haier Group.

What surprised Li Mu was that none of the real estate developers had the opportunity to give a speech. Perhaps in the eyes of Central TV, the status of real estate developers was far inferior to national enterprises like Lenovo, Haier, and Makino Technology, which had enough influence in the world.

However, compared to the tone of Li Mu's speech, these two chairmen were at a disadvantage. With Li Mu's outstanding performance, their speeches did not cause much of a reaction. Until the two finished their speeches, everyone was still immersed in the content of Li Mu's speech, especially the words "in the face of disease, there are no borders," and "not worthy to be human," which became earth-shattering golden sentences in the eyes of the audience.

When the entrepreneurs went on stage one after another, Li Mu was the first to start. On behalf of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology, he donated 10 million RMB to the Anti-Sars Charity Foundation. This amount was neither too much nor too little. In Li Mu's opinion, it was just right.

In addition to the 20 million RMB donation, Li Mu announced on behalf of the CSC Supercar Club that all the members of the CSC Club had donated more than 50 million RMB. This money would be immediately used to set up a White Angels Charity Foundation. It would be used entirely for the White Angels who sacrificed or were infected in SARS, as well as their family members. As a non-governmental charity organization, its coverage was not only limited to China, but also included Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan.

All the medical staff on both sides of the Taiwan Strait were covered by this foundation. Moreover, this money was earmarked for the medical staff only, and not for the main battlefield in the fight against SARS.

For a small number of medical staff who might be infected by SARS, or even sacrificed themselves because of SARS, 50 million RMB was indeed a large number. Even if it was evenly distributed to everyone, it would still be a huge sum of money. This was also what Li Mu wanted the most. He wanted to ensure that this group of people had sufficient financial protection.

For the audience in front of the TV, Li Mu's 50 million RMB on behalf of the CSC Club had indeed shocked everyone once again. Among them, the medical staff themselves were the most touched.

So far, the medical staff had fought hard in the frontline of the fight against SARS. However, when they faced huge risks, they did not have a huge amount of protection that matched the risks. Li Mu wanted to give them a huge amount of protection that exceeded the normal legal provisions. If a medical staff fell ill, the state would be responsible for the treatment, and the foundation would also give them a huge amount of financial support to provide real and meaningful help for their future recovery and life. If a medical staff died, on the basis of the national statutory pension, local medical systems, and local governments' pension, the foundation would also give their family a larger pension. Although money could not be exchanged for lost lives, it could let the survivors live better.

In Li Mu's eyes, these were very practical problems. Just like the Veterans Don't Die charity project, money could not make up for the pain suffered by the veterans in the war, but at least it could better protect the veterans for the next ten thousand years. And their families, as the families of the heroes, should also be rewarded by society. Therefore, money was the most practical resource.

When the medical staff in Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan saw this live broadcast, they also felt a little more warmth in their hearts. They had more support and confidence.

…

When Li Mu gave his speech, the ratings of Central TV broke the historical record in recent years. As a well-known entrepreneur, he did not disappoint the trust of Central TV in him, nor did he disappoint the trust of the people of the country. He used his words and deeds to inspire the audience all over the country, his compatriots all over the world, and even those overseas people who admired Li Mu very much.

After the entrepreneur's donation segment, the host said excitedly, "Next, we will enter the performance segment of our evening party. Let's welcome the famous hosts, He Wan and Chen Wan!"

As soon as the voice fell, Chen Wan, who was wearing a red evening dress, and He Wan, who was wearing a black suit, walked onto the stage together. Chen Wan's outfit today was particularly elegant. As soon as she appeared on the stage, she attracted the attention of countless audience members.

The two Central TV hosts exchanged a few prepared lines with Chen Wan and He Wan. Then, the Central TV host said, "He Wan, Chen Wan, next, we will hand the stage to the two of you."

He Wan and Chen Wan responded cheerfully. Then, the Central TV host left the stage. He Wan held the microphone and said with a smile, "Today is really exciting. I didn't expect that Chen Wan and I would have the opportunity to participate in this extraordinary evening party."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Teacher He, you are going back to your parents' home this time, right?"

He Wan nodded and said with a smile, "That's right. To me, Central TV is like my parents' home. It's just that I haven't been back for so many years. Coming back here today still makes me feel unbearably excited."

Chen Wan said, "If you are so excited to go back to your parents' home, then I, who is appearing on the Central TV stage for the first time, am even more excited."

As she said that, Chen Wan added, "In fact, what is more exciting is not only the stage today, but also the uniqueness of today's evening party. Teacher He, do you know that the performance segment of today's party has broken many records in the Chinese television and music circles?"

He Wan asked her curiously, "Really?

What records have been broken? "

Chen Wan said, "First of all, the number of people. Today, we are fortunate to have invited a total of 178 famous singers from the mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan to participate in our charity party tonight. This is not only the largest party in the history of Central TV, but also the first such large-scale party in the history of the three regions of the Straits."

He Wan exclaimed, "178 famous singers from the three regions of the Straits!

It seems that while the medical staff of the three regions of the Straits are working together to fight against SARS, the singers of the three regions of the Straits are also preparing to unite and work together to fight against SARS! "

"That's right!"

Chen Wan said excitedly, "I think that the participation of so many singers from the three regions of the Straits is enough to prove that the blood of our Chinese people is thicker than water. Here, we also hope that our compatriots from the three regions of the Straits can be even more united in the future, to fight against SARS together!"

He Wan clenched his fists and said seriously, "Just as Mr. Li Mu said, everyone must believe in the nation, believe in the bloodline, believe in the country. As long as the Chinese people can unite as one, I believe that any difficulties in front of us will no longer be a problem!"

"Well said, Teacher He." Chen Wan clapped her hands, and the audience below the stage also applauded.

When the applause subsided, Chen Wan said again, "In addition to breaking the record in the number of people, our party has also broken another record, and that is the record of the appearance fee."

He Wan asked, "The appearance fee record, what does that mean?

Does it mean that our appearance fee for this party is so high that it broke the record? "

Speaking up to this point, He Wan said again, "But it is understandable. After all, we have invited a total of 178 singers here today, and there are many top singers at the level of Heavenly Kings and Queens. The appearance fee added up will definitely be relatively high."

Chen Wan shook her head and said with a smile, "Teacher He, you guessed wrong. When I said the appearance fee record, I meant it broke the lowest record."

"The lowest?" He Wan asked puzzledly, "Why is that?"