Chapter 1563

Even when Li Mu left Buckingham Palace in the royal carriage, he still did not understand how valuable the Grand Cross was.

As he felt that it would be too stupid to wear a medal on his chest, Li Mu took it off in the carriage and put it in the box. Then, he handed it to Li Ziwei, who was in the carriage with him, and said, "Ziwei, help me keep it."

Li Ziwei nodded and took the medal from Li Mu. She took off her medal and put it in the box. Then, she put it in her bag.

Anne Hathaway also took off the medal, but she could not bear to keep it. She held it in her hand and stared at it without blinking. After a while, her eyes turned red.

Li Mu could not help but tease her, "Anne, it's just a medal. You don't have to cry, do you?"

Anne Hathaway looked at Li Mu and said very seriously, "This medal is too precious. There are probably only one or two hundred of them in the world. That's why I'm in a trance. I feel like I'm dreaming."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You're not British. It's just an honor."

Anne Hathaway said very seriously, "Just this honor alone is priceless …"

The white people in Europe and the United States shared the same cultural roots, so they had a special sense of submission to the royal family. Even though the royal family no longer governed the country, they still attached great importance to the honor given by the royal family. For Li Mu, who was born in Hua Xia, he did not have any special feelings for these things. He only respected the royal family out of politeness. Of course, as a businessman, from a business perspective, Li Mu also had a certain mentality of using the social influence of the royal family. He was not a member of the royal family, but he could use it to increase the recognition of the people in Europe and the United States.

Li Mu did not think that it was a great honor. He felt that it was a normal thing to return the favor. Moreover, the Royal Family had gained more from it. After all, the award was their exclusive privilege, and there was no actual cost to it. However, in comparison, the big gift he had given William was actually worth a lot of money. Moreover, the cost behind it was also real. It was basically equivalent to giving William a big project for free.

The royal carriage was escorted by the royal guards all the way to the attached palace where Davidson was waiting. Davidson had already received the news in advance and was waiting beside his own carriage.

The carriage stopped beside the caravan, and the captain of the Royal Guards opened the door of the carriage. Li Mu got off first, and very gentlemanly helped Li Ziwei and Anne Hathaway off the carriage.

Davidson hurried over and asked Li Mu, "Mr Lee, can we get ready to go?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, Davidson."

Davidson waved his hand gently and said with a smile, "It's my great honor to accompany you to Buckingham Palace to accept the Queen's invitation."

As the head of the Goldberg family, the assets that Davidson could control or mobilize were much stronger than those of the Royal Family. However, even so, he had to show due respect to the Royal Family. After all, it was his monarch. If any British citizen disrespected the Royal Family, it would inevitably be opposed and protested by the entire United Kingdom.

Li Mu handed the gift box with the medal to Li Ziwei and told her to share a carriage with Anne Hathaway. Then, he thanked the captain of the Royal Guards. After that, he said to Davidson, "Let's go."

Davidson nodded, but his eyes glanced at the gift box that Li Mu handed to Li Ziwei. He had also been honored before, so he could naturally see that the gift box was used to hold the medal. It seemed that the Queen had just awarded the medal to Li Mu in Buckingham Palace.

However, although the medals were different, the appearance of the gift box looked the same. So, Davidson did not know what level of medal Li Mu had been awarded, which made him somewhat curious.

Then, Davidson caught a glimpse of the same gift box in Li Ziwei's other hand. Even Anne Hathaway had one in her hand. This made him even more surprised. Did the Queen also award the two of them?

Anne Hathaway was not very famous, and she was very young. Buckingham Palace had never awarded a medal to a young actor. Under normal circumstances, a British actor had to be at least an international A-list or quasi-A-list actor to have the opportunity to be awarded a medal. If a non-British actor wanted to be awarded a medal, he or she had to be an international superstar.

However, as a young female American star, Anne Hathaway was not qualified to be awarded a medal …

If Anne Hathaway was not qualified to be awarded a medal, then in his opinion, Li Ziwei was even less qualified to be awarded a medal. The Queen had awarded medals to celebrities all over the world, but she had never awarded a medal to a celebrity's assistant. This was the same principle as the Nobel Prize. Any Nobel Prize would be awarded to the person who directly created the result. Even if the same result was awarded to multiple people, it was because these people had made the most direct contribution to the result. The personal assistant of a person who created the result would never be included in the scope of the award.

The Queen had awarded a medal to Li Mu's personal assistant. Was this a little unreasonable?

With a stomach full of curiosity, Davidson and Li Mu sat together in their Rolls-Royce.

Then, the convoy left Buckingham Palace under the escort of the Royal Guards and began to head to Manchester.

The convoy moved quickly, but it was exceptionally quiet in the car. The back seat and the driver were completely isolated. Even so, Davidson still asked Li Mu in a very low voice, "Mr Li, did the Queen award you at Buckingham Palace just now?"

Li Mu nodded casually. "Yes."

Davidson looked as if he had expected it. He smiled and asked, "What level of medal did the Queen award you?"

When he asked the question, Davidson had already guessed the most likely answer. He felt that the Queen should have awarded Li Mu a CBE, which was the middle level among the five levels. This was because, according to past experience, CBE was the highest level awarded to elite foreign entrepreneurs. He had never seen an entrepreneur with a higher CBE.

Li Mu thought for a moment and said to Davidson lightly, "The Queen said it was a Grand Cross of the Earl."

“What？！”

Davidson was instantly stunned. His eyeballs seemed to be about to pop out. He blurted out, "Grand Cross of the Earl?!

Are you sure it's that level? "

The Grand Cross of the Earl was the highest level of the Empire's medal. Not to mention that there were pitifully few people who could receive this medal. Even among these pitifully few people, most of them were already halfway into the grave when they received the medal. Li Mu was so young and a foreigner. How could he receive the highest honor of the Empire's medal?

Li Mu nodded calmly and said, "That's the level."

"My God … The Queen must be crazy …" Davidson blurted out almost without thinking. He was still immersed in the huge shock and could not extricate himself.

Li Mu deliberately teased him. "Why? Do you think I don't deserve this medal?"

Davidson hurriedly waved his hand and explained with a face full of fear, "Mr Lee, please don't misunderstand. I definitely didn't mean that. I was just too surprised, because … because the royal family has never done something like this before. That's why I find it unbelievable. It's also because I have a deep-rooted understanding of the system, not because you received this medal. I hope you can understand …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Davidson, don't be so nervous. I was just joking with you."

Davidson heaved a sigh of relief and sighed. "The Grand Cross of the Earl is really too precious. It can be said to be the highest honor. I really have to congratulate you for becoming the youngest person to receive this medal in history."

Li Mu smiled. "You and I come from different cultures, different backgrounds, and different social environments. You have your values, and I have mine. The world is so big, and so far, people from all over the world have a unified value system when it comes to hard currency. Some things are precious to me, but not worth mentioning to you. Some things are precious to you, but not in my eyes. For example, this Grand Cross of the Earl may mean a lot to you British people, but to me, it's just an honorary title. Since it's an honorary title, how much difference can there be between the first and fifth grades?"

Davidson was slightly stunned, but he quickly understood. The reason he valued this Grand Cross of the Earl was entirely because of his values. Li Mu was not born and raised in Britain, so he had not been educated in these values. Therefore, this honor that he valued so much was not worth mentioning in Li Mu's eyes, even if it was not worth mentioning, it was definitely not enough to excite him.

At this thought, Davidson was instantly relieved. He also instantly understood why Li Mu could receive this top-notch Empire Medal.

The reason was simple. Li Mu himself was a weirdo that had never appeared in this world before. There were still a bunch of people in the world who had received the Grand Cross of the Earl, but it was absolutely impossible to find another Li Mu.

Therefore, it seemed that Davidson finally understood the source of Li Mu's indifference and indifference. The crux of the problem was not whether Li Mu was worthy of this medal, but whether this medal was worthy of Li Mu. Perhaps members of the royal family would feel inferior in front of him. After all, when he was in front of him, he had once thought that he was useless.

At this thought, the feeling of being useless in front of Li Mu surged into Davidson's heart again.