Chapter 1528

Seeing that Li Mu was very polite to Wendy Gao Bai, and even offered to contact him after Wendy went to Hua Xia, Davidson Gao Bai was in a good mood.

He said to Li Mu with a bright smile, "Cambridge University and Yanjing University are organizing a cultural exchange between Hua Xia and England. This exchange is for both sides to recommend five graduate students to each other's major in culture. Wendy's supervisor and the dean of her college hope that Wendy can be a part of this exchange. I think there's a high chance that Wendy will go to Yanjing at the end of this year or early next year. At that time, I'll have to ask Mr. Lee to take care of her."

Wendy Gao Bai also smiled and nodded. She said in Chinese in a dignified and ladylike manner, "I'll have to ask Mr. Lee to take care of me in the future."

Li Mu didn't expect Wendy Gao Bai to speak Chinese so fluently, even more fluently than many foreigners who specialized in Chinese. He subconsciously praised her in Chinese, "I didn't expect Miss Wendy to speak Chinese so well."

Wendy Gao Bai smiled and replied in Chinese humbly, "Thank you for your compliment, Mr. Lee. But I've been learning Chinese since I was six, so it's not that good to speak Chinese like this."

Wendy Gao Bai was the most outstanding girl among the younger generation of the Goldberg family. She grew up under the strict aristocratic education in Europe. Not only was her appearance impeccable, but her knowledge, cultivation, and temperament were also incomparable to ordinary girls.

In order to cultivate Wendy, the entire Goldberg family had invested a huge amount of energy and financial resources. Ever since she could remember, she had been studying finance, literature, foreign languages, dance, piano, painting, art appraisal, the tedious etiquette of noble women, makeup, dressing, speech, and even psychology. For her, not only was she proficient in Chinese, but she was also proficient in several mainstream languages in the world.

Li Mu asked curiously, "Miss Wendy, your Chinese is so good. Have you ever been to Hua Xia or lived in Hua Xia for a long time?"

Wendy Gao Bai said softly, "Unfortunately, although I've always wanted to go to Hua Xia, I've never been there until now."

Li Mu praised sincerely, "You've never been to Hua Xia, but you speak Chinese so well. It's really admirable."

Davidson saw that Li Mu and Wendy were chatting in Chinese. Although he didn't understand what they were talking about, he was still very happy. No matter what, it was a good start.

In fact, Davidson had been thinking about Wendy Gao Bai's marriage arrangements for a long time. At the moment, Wendy, who was 22 years old, was already a girl who was pursued by the entire upper class of Europe. Every big family had a lot of men of the right age, so there were countless rich and powerful European families who wanted to marry Wendy. Davidson turned down those families that were not strong enough to enter his eyes, and adopted a strategy to please several powerful families, in order to maximize the benefits of Wendy's marriage.

Before, Davidson had been wavering between the top families. However, since Li Mu had agreed to attend this party, he had thrown all the families that he couldn't choose to the back of his mind. In his eyes, the best choice for Wendy Gao Bai was not any of the rich and powerful families in Europe, but the young world rookie in front of him.

The people who were watching Li Mu were not only Davidson, but also the local tycoons in Europe. Even the rich and powerful families all over the world were watching this young man who had no background, but had already created a huge fortune and career in Hua Xia.

There were many rich and powerful families in the world, but they also had their shortcomings. For example, although the Gao Bai family had tens of billions of US dollars in assets, these assets were split among several generations and dozens of direct blood members. In fact, the assets were very scattered. Even Davidson's total net worth was only a few billion US dollars. He had inherited the family business of his ancestors for a hundred years, and he had worked hard for half of his life, but all his net worth was not as much as Li Mu's earnings from Google. Therefore, in the eyes of people like him, Li Mu was a god, a god who made money faster than printing money.

When it came to a god-like existence, it was impossible to rope him in. After all, the size of the whole family was much smaller than him. Therefore, the best way was to arrange a marriage.

Wendy Gao Bai was also very clear about the task that her family had given her. If she could successfully make the young Hua Xia fall in love with her, she would become the biggest hero of the family. This was also the way of thinking that she had been trained since she was young.

The values that Goldberg instilled in every member of the family was that as a member of the Gao Bai family, everything should be done for the benefit of the Gao Bai family.

For all the young generation of the Gao Bai family, they were very clear that it was not necessary for them to choose their own love and marriage. Every young man in the family, regardless of gender, had to choose the marriage partner of the family, and they had to obey the arrangements of the family. Otherwise, not only would they become sinners of the family, but they would also miss the opportunity to inherit the family's wealth.

A family member who ignored the family's interests and pursued the so-called "own happiness" would be completely abandoned by the whole family. Not to mention the other members of the family, even their own parents would not forgive them. Such a person would be driven out of the family, and would not be able to get any help from the family for the rest of their life. Almost every big family adhered to this principle. Otherwise, if they were soft-hearted on this issue, it might be the complete betrayal of the whole younger generation.

On the side, Steve Johnson began to feel a little awkward. The whole Goldberg family's attention was focused on Li Mu. No one paid any attention to him, and even the other guest that he invited, Anne Hathaway, was treated like air. No one even looked at her.

Anne Hathaway was also a little embarrassed at the moment. The reason why she agreed to attend this party was not to integrate into the upper class of Europe, nor was it to find a rich husband. She was here for Li Mu. However, she did not expect that the Goldberg family actually had another motive for inviting Li Mu. That motive was Wendy Gao Bai, who was chatting with Li Mu at the moment.

The Goldberg family's actions were so obvious that anyone could see that they wanted to push Wendy Gao Bai to Li Mu.

At this moment, in the buildings on both sides of the castle, behind almost every window, there were people looking at the main entrance in the center.

Many people even hid behind the windows with binoculars. These people were not peeping toms. On the contrary, they were representatives of the upper class from many countries. The reason why they hid behind the windows and peeped was that their main focus was on Li Mu.

Since Li Mu was here, it was understandable that the Goldberg family, as the host, went to welcome him. However, this did not mean that the Goldberg family was the only one paying attention to Li Mu.

In fact, all the people who came to this party were only focused on Li Mu.

Originally, it was difficult for the Goldberg family to attract so many top families and rich people from all over the world to attend the party.

In the UK alone, there were many old aristocrats, rich families, and members of the royal family. Their assets and social status were no worse than that of the Goldberg family. The old aristocrats and royal families of other European countries did not care about the Goldberg family. Usually, at least half of the guests who came this year would not accept the invitation of the Goldberg family.

Although Europe was not a big place, because almost half of it was an old imperialist country, there were many aristocrats and old-money people everywhere. These aristocrats usually had their own camps, and they were deeply influenced by history. Generally speaking, it was the old families in Western Europe who looked down on the old families in Eastern Europe. In Western Europe, Britain, France, and Germany looked down on the old families in other countries. As for Britain, France, and Germany, they had always looked down on France...

Because of such a complicated history, the relationship between these old families in Europe was particularly complicated. For each family, there were many allies and even more enemies. Many families even maintained a very strong sense of hostility towards each other because of the influence of their ancestors. Although it did not lead to direct conflicts or confrontations, there were often situations of "if you have him, then you have me, then you have him." For example, they would never speak to someone from a certain family, and they would never attend the same event as someone from a certain family.

However...

There was a very special situation this year. No one expected that the Goldberg family would invite the great god, Li Mu, this year!

Hearing this news, many families immediately could not sit still. Other families who originally did not intend to accept the invitation of the Goldberg family also hurriedly agreed. Some even took the initiative to participate. All of a sudden, the Goldberg family was caught off guard.

The Goldberg family had organized gatherings between the nobles, the royal family, and the rich families for hundreds of years, but there had never been a year like this year. Almost all the famous people in Europe wanted to participate, so the entire Goldberg manor was now overcrowded.

For these European aristocrats, Li Mu had never had any interaction with them. They and Li Mu were like people from two different dimensions. Not only did their lives, social interactions, and hobbies not overlap, but even their career directions did not overlap.

When Li Mu's status on the world capital stage became more and more prominent, these European aristocrats were also eager to establish contact with Li Mu. However, Li Mu was completely isolated from their world. They did not even have a way to send a friendly signal to Li Mu.

However, the Goldberg family found such an entry point. They relied on their inextricable capital relationship with Sequoia Capital to find a channel to send a friendly message to Li Mu.

It just so happened that Li Mu was a little curious about the circle of these European aristocrats, so he agreed...

Just after Li Mu accepted the invitation, almost all of the European upper class could not wait to attend this party, trying to establish a relationship with Li Mu through this party.

However, as soon as Li Mu arrived at the Goldberg manor, he was surrounded by the Goldberg family as soon as he got out of the car. They even threw out Wendy Gauber, their trump card. One had to know that Wendy Gauber was the trump card of the Goldberg family. Everyone could not sit still when they threw out their trump card as soon as they arrived!

“Shit！

Davidson, that old fox, actually threw out Wendy Gauber as soon as he arrived. How are we supposed to play with him now … "

"Look at Davidson's obsequious face. As soon as they met, he couldn't wait to hand over his most beautiful granddaughter to Li Mu. How disgusting!"

"What era is it now? Davidson is still playing the medieval game. It would be strange if Li Mu bought it!"

"Damn, half a year ago, Davidson promised me that he was willing to facilitate the marriage between Wendy and my eldest grandson, but as soon as he saw Li Mu, he turned into a disgusting pug!"