Chapter 475

The rapid popularity of the YY gaming hall pushed the valuation of Makino Technology to a new height in just a few days. Previously, Makino Technology's valuation in the capital market was about five billion, but now, someone in the capital market had offered six billion.

According to normal valuation, even if the YY gaming hall gained a large user base in an instant, it was impossible for it to be valued at more than one billion. The key was that the ecosystem of Makino Technology had taken shape. The capital market knew that as long as the YY gaming hall was tied to YY, its value would definitely be worth one billion or more.

However, no matter how the capital market valued Makino Technology, Li Mu had no intention of cashing out the shares of Makino Technology. Now, Makino Technology's profitability was already very strong. With tens of millions of net profits every month, the settled funds were enough for future operations and new business development. At this time, the last thing that needed to be paid attention to was capital.

As the only competitor of Makino Technology in the market, Lianzhong had also launched their Dou Dizhu competition. To Li Mu's surprise, their competition format was basically a complete copy of the YY National Dou Dizhu competition. The only difference was that the prizes were changed.

Although the user experience of Lianzhong was very poor compared to the YY game, it still attracted a group of users to Lianzhong because of the prizes.

The operation team of Makino Technology's YY gaming hall had originally negotiated with the other party about the infringement, but they did not expect the other party to ignore them. After repeated protests, Lianzhong gave a reply: Lianzhong did not think that the competition they held had any infringement on Makino Technology and the YY gaming hall. If Makino Technology insisted that there was an infringement, it could be resolved directly through legal channels.

Li Mu did not agree with this. He felt that Lianzhong was now on the verge of collapse. Imitating him and holding a competition could only play a temporary role in delaying the collapse. In this day and age, no platform could continue to use their own funds to subsidize users, unless the continuous subsidies could outlast their competitors. Otherwise, it would be useless no matter how much money was invested. With the current size of Lianzhong, it was simply a fool's dream to outlast Makino Technology. Therefore, if they were willing to use the method of imitating a competition to subsidize users, then let them imitate.

Apart from Lianzhong, the current Winger was already a dead chess piece. There was no way to come back from the dead.

The YY game was gaining momentum, and Li Mu received another piece of good news. Dufy had already helped him register a company in the United States. Although it took more time than Li Mu had expected, it was indeed because in this day and age, registering a company in the United States was a lot more complicated than in the past.

Li Mu personally invested 150,000 US dollars into the company's books. Then, Li Mu used this company to contact a company called AboutFace to negotiate the purchase of the Facebook domain name.

Facebook bought this domain name from this company in 2005 and spent 200 thousand USD to get the main domain name. However, at that time, Facebook was already in its early stages, so the price of this domain name was already inflated. Currently, AboutFace was only offering 50 thousand USD for this domain name.

Li Mu haggled with the other party on the domain name exchange website for an hour, and the final price was set at 32,000 USD.

Without any hesitation, Li Mu directly used the name of an American shell company to buy this domain name that could create endless miracles in the future.

The domain name of Facebook finally fell into the hands of Li Mu!

Then, Li Mu used the name of this company to register all the domain names related to Facebook. He registered almost all of them that he could think of, and he spent a total of less than 2,000 USD.

After that, Dufy specially called Li Mu to ask if he wanted to start a business in the United States, and if he needed help from her or a friend. Li Mu told her, "This shell is going to be idle for now. We'll start up next year."

Dufy did not understand. Li Mu had been chasing after the company registration. Why was there no movement after the registration? Li Mu did not explain to her in detail. He only said that he had his own plans.

The purpose of Li Mu registering a company in the United States and buying the Facebook domain name was for the future Mark Zuckerberg.

History had already given him a mission to create miracles. At the moment of his mission, the main Facebook domain name was the only way in his life. He would definitely try to buy the Facebook domain name. If that happened, he would fall into the trap that Li Mu had dug. If he gave up on buying the domain name and wanted to register the Facebook domain name, then Li Mu would still be waiting for him. In short, as long as he still wanted to do Facebook in this life, he would definitely look for Li Mu first.

Sometimes, Li Mu even thought that he could simply retire before the age of 20. That was because if the current Makino Technology found an amazing professional manager and pushed forward according to the direction that he had set, it would only become more and more valuable in the future. It would earn him more money than he could ever spend. Under his management, Miracle Mu would definitely earn at least a few billion USD in the next two to three years. Just this one game alone would be enough for him to eat for the rest of his life.

What's more, there was still Mark Zuckerberg.

In the future, if he could become his angel investor and give him a few million USD in exchange for about 40% of Facebook's shares, then he would be able to create more money than he could spend in a few lifetimes.

However, this thought only appeared in Li Mu's mind for a moment before he completely threw it to the back of his mind.

Even if he did well, there would be no sense of accomplishment. Li Mu also hoped that one day, he could be like Alibaba's Boss Ma. He could brag in front of the whole world without a blush. "The biggest mistake in my life was to create Alibaba …"

Li Mu hoped that one day, when the Makino Technology's market value reached 100 billion USD, he could also sigh in front of the media and say, "The biggest mistake in my life was to create Makino Technology."

If the market value of Taobao reached 100 billion USD, he would say again, "The second biggest mistake in my life was to create Taobao …"

If the media asked, "Mr. Li Mu, what advice do you want to give to young entrepreneurs?"

Li Mu also wanted to be low-key and said, "At the beginning, you can set your goal lower. For example, I can earn one billion USD from them first …"

Therefore, in order to become a world-famous person in the future, Li Mu still had to work hard.

The situation of Makino Technology was now stable. The next step was to continue to improve the YY ecosystem's product chain. The YY mailbox and YY disk had to be prepared to be developed. In the future, the online games operated under the YY system also had to be planned. The real direction of YY's future profits would be in the game industry. Therefore, Li Mu still had to consider whether to establish a game development team in YY. If he established it, he could develop his own copyrighted games. If not, he had to use his understanding of the future game market to buy a lot of games that could make money in the future and operate it himself.

However, there was still enough time to plan for the game because it was time for Miracle MU to shine.

…

The day before Miracle MU officially started charging fees, the marketing department of Makino Technology received the MP3 prototypes produced by two OEM companies in Shenzhen and Taiwan.

After the two prototypes were delivered, Li Mu rushed to Makino Technology to check them out. The design of the device was indeed amazing. It could be said to be the best looking MP3 on the market at the moment. Because the current iPod was still establishing its own aesthetic standards, its style had not really taken shape. Users did not think that the first generation of iPod was that good looking. Although there were a variety of MP3 models on the market, many of them were not good-looking. For example, the Moonlight Treasure Box looked like a remote control for a certain popular female toy in the future.

The model that Li Mu custom-made had a stylish and elegant design. It was also good-looking. All the employees who saw the prototype loved it.

Li Mu carefully compared the two prototypes. From the manufacturing process, the Taiwanese manufacturer's OEM machine was indeed better. Whether it was the body, the buttons, or the sockets, they were all made to fit seamlessly and were very exquisite. Although there was not much difference between the Shenzhen manufacturer's OEM machine, after careful comparison, he could still see the shortcomings in the manufacturing process.

In terms of the experience, there was not much difference between the two. The Taiwanese OEM's button material felt better because the button was slightly elastic. When pressed, there was a very comfortable feedback. The Shenzhen OEM's product material was more hard, and it did not feel as good as the Taiwanese OEM's.

Li Mu learned about the production capacity of the two manufacturers. The Taiwanese OEM's daily production capacity was two thousand units, while the Shenzhen OEM's daily production capacity was two thousand five hundred units.

Based on the initial order of one hundred thousand units, the former would need fifty days, while the latter would need forty days. Moreover, there was a lot of preparation work to be done before the batch could be produced, so it would take a few more days.

Based on this calculation, it would take at least one and a half to two months to get the one hundred thousand units.

Needless to say, the production speed of the two factories was unacceptable to Li Mu. However, this was the disadvantage of OEM. Every OEM's production line was not idle. They were still producing the same type of products for other companies. Their production capacity was limited. Moreover, Li Mu was just a new company in the hardware field. For the OEM's, they did not have enough say. It was impossible for them to give most of their production capacity to Li Mu.