Chapter 445

At six o'clock in the afternoon, a group of people had played for more than four hours and still hadn't had enough. Some of them watched when they were tired of playing, and some of them played when they were tired of watching. In short, everyone's enthusiasm for this new thing was surprisingly high.

Zhou Sheng was in a good mood. He clapped his hands to stop everyone and said, "Everyone, stop for a moment and listen to me first. I have three things to announce!"

Everyone stopped the game and looked at Zhou Sheng. His whole face was red and in high spirits. It could be seen that he was in a very good mood at the moment.

Zhou Sheng cleared his throat and said loudly, "The first thing is that I've decided to add a 'Who's Undercover' game segment to the two episodes we'll be recording next week. It'll replace the singing game from before, and it'll be 15-20 minutes long!"

When the people of the program team heard this, they immediately applauded and cheered happily.

In their eyes, the singing game has long been like an old lady's foot-binding cloth, smelly and long. Most of the guests are not very willing to play that kind of game, and the audience has long been tired of it. The reason why they didn't take it down was because there was no good game mode to replace it.

After everyone tried "Who is Undercover" today, they immediately became addicted to the game, and they all had their own comparisons in their hearts. If this game replaced the previous singing game, then the effect of the program would be like heaven and earth!

Maybe this mode can become a characteristic label of "Happy Camp". Director Zhou decided to use this new game so decisively that they were naturally happy.

At this time, Zhou Sheng said with a smile, "Don't be happy too early. Although I'm the director of the program team, I still have to ask the station leader for instructions about the changes in the program process. In the end, it's up to the station leader to decide whether to use the new game."

As he was speaking, Zhou Sheng suddenly changed the subject and said, "However, you don't have to worry too much. I don't think the possibility of the station leader refusing is basically zero. Tomorrow, I'll show them the game process I just shot. If it still doesn't work, I'll invite them over and we'll demonstrate it to them on the spot. I'm sure you're very familiar with the game" Who is Undercover "after trying it this afternoon!"

The leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV have always respected the market, which is recognized by the staff of the station, so they are not worried that the station leader will oppose the game. After all, the mode of "Who is Undercover" is really great, and it is really suitable for the program "Happy Camp".

Someone couldn't help but ask Zhou Sheng, "Director Zhou, what are the second and third things you're going to announce?"

Zhou Sheng extended his hand and pointed his palm at Chen Wan, saying, "Secondly, this game was brought to us by Chen Wan. Whether or not this game ends up appearing in our show, our entire production team has to thank her. Chen Wan has just joined our team, and hasn't even passed the first week of auditions, but she has already made such a huge contribution to our production team. I won't say anything too exaggerated, just bow and thank her!"

After saying that, Zhou Sheng actually made a standard ninety-degree bow to Chen Wan in front of everyone. The others also applauded, which made Chen Wan a little embarrassed.

Zhou Sheng stretched out three fingers and said, "The third thing is, with such a big harvest today, as a director, I should treat everyone to a meal. How about this, let's go to Xiang Qing Garden for a meal first, then go to Candy KTV to sing!"

More than twenty people cheered in unison. After such an afternoon of gaming, the team seemed to have become closer. When they said that the leader was going to treat them to a meal and sing, the happiness between the team seemed to have greatly improved.

Today, Chen Wan, who had just arrived, became the protagonist of this team. Interestingly, she was the only host of "Happy Camp" today. The other hosts were basically famous now. Needless to say, He Wan and Li Xiang were A-list celebrities in the hosting world. Li Weijia had also accumulated a very high popularity in this program. Therefore, these three people had many other things to do in addition to their own work, so most of the time they were not in the station. Their relationship with the staff of the program team was actually not like that of a team, but was high and aloof, and had basically separated from the soil of the program team.

Therefore, Chen Wan, the new host who had just arrived, became the only host among the more than 20 staff members today. Moreover, while she had brought a big gift to the production team, she had also brought the team members an extremely happy afternoon. She had even influenced Zhou Sheng, allowing him to continue this kind of happiness into the evening. This made everyone's sense of intimacy with her increase rapidly.

Li Mu did not know that a small game called "Who is Undercover" had made the entire "Happy Camp" program team abnormally excited. He also did not know that with this small game, he had actually helped Chen Wan build a very good foundation in the team. This would be of great help to her days in "Happy Camp" in the future.

…

The next morning, Li Mu received a call from Arya. She said that she had come up with a few sketches and wanted to meet with Li Mu to discuss them. If Li Mu had any opinions, she could modify them at any time. She had to first make the design sketch of the MP3 player. Once the overall framework was fine, she could start to design the details.

Li Mu readily agreed, but felt that it was not appropriate to meet her directly in the hotel room. So, he arranged to meet her at the hotel cafe and drove to find her.

On the way to the hotel, Li Mu received another call from Chen Wan. The moment the call was connected, Chen Wan's excited voice came through the phone. "You brat, you're really amazing!"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "What's wrong?

What's the fuss? "

Chen Wan said excitedly, "The game segment of 'Who is Undercover' has been accepted!

Moreover, it was unanimously approved by the entire program team and the station leaders. Everyone is praising this game. It's simply amazing!

I really admire you, muamua! "

Two crisp and sweet kissing sounds came through the phone, making Li Mu's heart beat faster.

After a moment, Li Mu smiled and asked, "Really?

It was accepted so quickly?

I thought it would take ten days and a half months to discuss it. "

Chen Wan said: "The director decided yesterday afternoon. This morning, he communicated with the station leader, and now it is officially confirmed. Next week, we will record two episodes in a row. From these two episodes, we will officially use 'Who is Undercover' as the core game. Today, the director can't wait to arrange designers to design game-related materials. Because of the rush of time, we will first design the prop version, and then find a reliable manufacturer to order the electronic display screen."

Even though Li Mu had expected that Xiangnan Satellite TV's efficiency in accepting new things would be very high, he didn't expect it to be so high. The content change of an ace variety show is not only related to the life and death of the show, but also to a large extent related to the ratings of the TV station. But such an important thing, their senior management was able to make a decision in less than 24 hours, which made Li Mu unbelievable.

However, it was also this efficiency that made Li Mu more confident in enhancing cooperation with Xiangnan Satellite TV in the future. Especially in the future, when he wants to do variety shows and talent shows, he will definitely think of Xiangnan Satellite TV first. After all, everyone wants to cooperate with reliable and efficient partners, not to mention that Xiangnan Satellite TV is still the first satellite TV station.

At this time, Chen Wan said, "We're going to have a meeting later to discuss some specific details of the program changes. I just want to praise you and thank you. After I told the director about the mode of" Who is Undercover "yesterday, it seems that everyone's attitude towards me has improved a lot."

Li Mu couldn't help asking, "Did they have a bad attitude towards you before?"

Chen Wan hurriedly explained, "I didn't mean that. After all, I just came here. Everyone is still a little unfamiliar with me. They were just polite on the surface. Now they are more enthusiastic and active."

Li Mu was relieved and said seriously, "If someone dares to bully you, you must tell me. No matter who it is, I won't let him go easily!"

Chen Wan giggled: "I know, with a younger brother like you, who dares to bully me? I won't talk to you first. I'm going to the meeting."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, go ahead."

Chen Wan said, "You have to be good in Yanjing. When I'm done with my work next week, I'll go back to see you."

"I know. I'll treat you to dinner when I come back."

Chen Wan said, "Okay, I'm going to the meeting, mua!"

Immediately after the mua, there was a beep sound of the other party hanging up. Li Mu shook his head and smiled helplessly, put the phone aside and concentrated on driving.

… …

When he saw Arya, she was holding a sketchbook in a corner of the cafe and drawing with a pencil. When Li Mu walked up to her, he realized that she was actually sketching an MP3 player with a pencil. The sketch that Li Mu saw only had a rough outline. The front was a long and thin rectangle, and the side was a rectangle with curved edges. It looked quite good, but it wasn't the type that Li Mu wanted.

When Arya saw Li Mu, she warmly invited him to sit next to her. Then she immediately flipped a few pages of the sketchbook and said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, I roughly sketched a few sketches yesterday and this morning. Let me show you first."

Li Mu nodded and looked at her sketchbook. The contents of the first few pages were more detailed. On the two opposite pages, there were not only large drawings of the front and back, but also horizontal screenshots of the two sides and the top and bottom sides. Because Li Mu had mentioned his needs before, Arya's designs were basically cuboids. However, the cross-section of the first model was an equilateral triangle, which looked quite special.

After looking at the sketches, Li Mu was surprised to find that although Arya's sketches were not what he really wanted, he had to admit that the models that she designed looked quite good.