Chapter 1430

?

Because Hua Xia had not had any new cases of SARS for many days in a row, and the patients who were diagnosed with SARS were gradually being discharged from the hospital, the World Health Organization changed their attitude when they issued the global warning. In the announcement, they highly praised and affirmed Hua Xia's government's contribution to the fight against SARS. They described it as follows:

Hua Xia's government used its unparalleled sense of responsibility and execution to control the global spread of the SARS epidemic to the greatest extent. In addition, Hua Xia's government also set an example to the world's governments. During the SARS period, Hua Xia's government unconditionally accepted all non- Hua Xia SARS patients diagnosed in Hua Xia and ensured that they received appropriate treatment. Hua Xia's government used practical actions to show the world what it meant to be a big country.

Ever since Li Mu said to the world that "diseases have no borders", the global media immediately had an unspoken rule, and that was: no one dared to stand up and criticize another country's government because of the spread of a certain disease, because this practice was extremely irresponsible. Every government that fought against the disease was not for the benefit of a country, but for the entire human society. Therefore, since then, the overseas media no longer criticized Hua Xia's government because of SARS.

It was because the overseas media had such awareness that they published or broadcasted this news in their own headlines after the WHO's announcement. They also thanked Hua Xia's government for its contribution to mankind in the process of fighting against SARS.

The disease was controlled to a large extent, and the global media also stood in the interests of all mankind and unified their statements. Because of the correct media guidance, the world's people also felt relieved that the disease was under control. It was as if the world was reunited.

Of course, the happiest people were the people of Hua Xia. They were finally able to walk out of the panic and no longer had to be afraid of crowded places. It was believed that it would not be long before people could return to their pre-SARS state of life.

On the night of the WHO's announcement, the news broadcast also broadcasted the news. The head of the Department of Health thanked the WHO for recognizing Hua Xia's work in combating SARS. At the same time, he also said that in order to ensure that SARS would not make a comeback, Hua Xia's government would not slack off on prevention. All indoor public places and public transport facilities would continue to maintain the daily disinfection policy. However, the government also encouraged the people to let go of their fear of SARS and return to their normal pace of work, life, and learning.

After that, all the schools that had suspended classes announced the resumption of classes. Life before SARS was gradually returning.

Li Mu finally breathed a sigh of relief. With the risk removed, it also meant that it was time for him to leave Hua Xia and prepare for another trip to the United States.

However, before leaving, Li Mu still had one more thing to arrange. He summoned Ning Hao back from Spielberg's crew and asked him to start preparing for the domestic release of "Crazy Stone".

During the SARS period, the domestic movie box office suddenly fell back to the state of many years ago. This was mainly because the public was worried about the epidemic, so they were afraid of public places like cinemas. However, since the epidemic had been largely controlled, the government was also calling for people to return to their normal life order. This also meant that public places like cinemas were bound to usher in a round of "revenge growth".

Moreover, the people had lived in the panic of SARS for several months. Now that the haze had finally passed, it was time for them to relax.

All in all, this was the best time for "Crazy Stone" to be released. Such a high-quality comedy film with an explosive comedy index would definitely be greatly recognized by the audience. More importantly, it would definitely be able to quickly dilute the panic of people about SARS, making them completely relax and happy.

Ning Hao had been looking forward to the release of this movie. After all, this was his first real cinema movie. For a director, this was very important. Now that he suddenly heard Li Mu say that this movie was ready to be released, he almost cried on the other end of the phone.

Therefore, Ning Hao temporarily asked for leave from Spielberg and flew to Yanjing overnight to prepare for the release of the movie. In order not to affect his work on the "Flying Tigers" crew, Li Mu deliberately asked Ning Hao to rush back to work as soon as possible after he came back and set a release date and publicity plan with the publicity team. He left the publicity to the professional team.

As for Li Mu himself, he had no time and energy to deal with such things personally. He asked Li Ziwei to contact the charter company and prepare to leave for the United States immediately in two days. This time, his itinerary was to go to Silicon Valley first, then to Massachusetts to meet Mark Zuckerberg, and Su Yingxue, who was there to exchange experiences.

…

Su Yingxue had basically completed her half-year exchange life. Several of her classmates who came to Harvard with her were preparing to return home. Harvard had even bought tickets for them to return to Hua Xia and Yanjing.

Su Yingxue, as an exchange student, was preparing to pack her luggage and say goodbye to the new friends she made at Harvard. At the same time, she had to take time to go to Boston to buy gifts for her relatives and friends in China. She was very busy.

The exchange students who came to Harvard at the same time were in a bad mood at the moment. In contrast, Harvard's environment, halo, and teaching standards were indeed much better than those of the National People's Congress. During the half-year exchange period, they experienced the unique charm of the world's top university and were deeply attracted by the academic environment here. For any student with academic pursuits, this was a place that they longed for and were reluctant to leave.

However, although everyone was sad, they had a clear understanding. After all, the National People's Congress was too far away from Harvard. They were very lucky to have the opportunity to exchange experiences here. No one dared to expect to continue to stay at this university. After all, they had no real relationship with Harvard.

At this moment, Su Yingxue did not expect to continue to stay at this university. She had been away from home for more than half a year, and she missed her family and Li Mu even more. Although the direction of their lives was getting farther and farther apart, Su Yingxue's heart was not affected by the distance. She was a girl with a long-term vision. Since it was impossible to catch up with Li Mu in terms of achievements, she tried to be as good as him in terms of ability. If she could be admitted to Harvard's MBA in the future, at least she would not be a vase around Li Mu.

Therefore, Su Yingxue set an important goal for herself. She set an important goal for herself: to complete her undergraduate studies in China, and then be admitted to Harvard Business School.

However, Su Yingxue would never have dreamed that when she had almost packed her luggage and was waiting to leave Harvard, she suddenly had a choice that was completely different from others.

Just a few days ago, Su Yingxue's exchange supervisor at Harvard recommended her to Harvard Business School. Su Yingxue did not know that a few days later, her supervisor directly told her a piece of shocking news:

Due to the supervisor's recommendation and Harvard Business School's comprehensive consideration, Harvard decided to throw an almost unprecedented olive branch to her based on her excellent performance at Harvard during this period of time. This included: Harvard University's economics major would be offered a full four-year scholarship. Since she was already a sophomore at Hua Xia and would soon be a junior, Harvard University thought that she could directly enroll in Harvard's third-year economics major after the summer break. In addition, Harvard Business School also promised that as long as she earned enough credits in two years, she would be directly admitted to Harvard Business School with a full scholarship.

The tuition of American universities was shockingly expensive, not to mention a university like Harvard. Under normal circumstances, without a scholarship, a two-year undergraduate degree plus an MBA would cost at least hundreds of thousands of dollars. A full scholarship meant that she would not have to bear a single cent of the cost. Furthermore, the university would even provide a large amount of subsidies for accommodation and miscellaneous expenses.

Moreover, when Harvard was in front of you, money was never the primary consideration, because too many people dreamed of going to Harvard, but only a very small number of people had this opportunity. As for Harvard Business School, needless to say, graduates of Harvard Business School were always sought after by countless big VC and PE institutions. Basically, they could easily find a financial industry manager position on Wall Street and get an annual salary of at least hundreds of thousands of dollars. Not only that, but their future career would also be smooth. Most of the elites who graduated from Harvard Business School had an annual salary of more than a million dollars within three years of working.

Just a second ago, Su Yingxue had set the highest goal for herself, to be able to get an MBA at Harvard after graduating from her undergraduate degree. The next second, she received such a notice, telling her that she did not need to leave Harvard and could continue her undergraduate degree here. Moreover, she was admitted to the Business School in advance. The contrast was so big that Su Yingxue thought that she was dreaming.

However, Su Yingxue's exchange supervisor at Harvard repeatedly told her that all this was true. In the years of exchange between Harvard and the world, there were very few students who could be as lucky as Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue was surprised. She thought that she had no advantage at all in Harvard, where there were so many talented people. There was no reason for Harvard to throw such a generous olive branch to her. It felt like she went to rent a car, and when she was about to return the car, the car rental company decided to give her the car because her driving was so good that they decided to give her the car as a gift and bear all the maintenance and gas costs of the car for the next few years. Not only that, they also decided to give her a better car a few years later, and all the expenses would be waived.

This was obviously not normal.

Su Yingxue was not a silly girl. In addition, she majored in economics, so she could calculate this. This incredible offer was like a balance. At one end of the balance was a weight of thousands of pounds, and at the other end of the balance was only herself, who weighed less than a hundred pounds. However, in the face of such a huge difference in weight, the balance was able to maintain its balance. There was no doubt that there must be a weight that did not belong to her on her end, helping her to pry off the weight on the other end, which was ten times or even a hundred times her own weight.

She was just an ordinary girl from a small fifth-tier city in Hua Xia. The most influential person in her family was her own deputy mayor and director of the Public Security Bureau of Haizhou. Not to mention that she had no influence in Harvard, she even had no influence in the universities in Nansu Province.