Chapter 1070

Xie Huairu ran backstage to the lounge prepared for Li Mu.

He opened the door and saw Li Mu resting on the sofa with his eyes closed. Xie Huairu blurted out, "Little Li, the tens of thousands of students outside are calling your name. They want you to go out and say a few more words to them …"

Li Mu was speechless and said, "I've already said what I wanted to say, what else is there to say?"

Xie Huairu said, "Nonsense. Anyway, tens of thousands of people want to hear what you have to say. Just casually chat with them for another five dollars."

Li Mu was amused by his tone and said, "The point is that there's no need. I didn't make any extra preparations, so I don't know where to start."

Xie Huairu hurriedly persuaded him, "This is the first time in the world of speech that tens of thousands of people are calling for a comeback. Why don't you make good use of such a good opportunity?

Just think of it as bringing honor to us, Hua Xia people. "

Li Mu said, "Mr. Xie, didn't you emigrate?"

Xie Huairu hurriedly touched his chest and said, "Emigrating doesn't affect my Hua Xia heart!"

Li Mu sighed softly and said helplessly, "Then I'll listen to you and go chat with everyone for a few more minutes."

Xie Huairu slapped his thigh, "Great!

Let's hurry, Principal Lawrence won't be able to hold on much longer. He's almost fifty years old, it's quite awkward to just leave him on the stage. "

Thus, Li Mu tidied up his suit and walked out of the lounge with Xie Huairu. He didn't have the time to think about what he was going to say to the tens of thousands of people on the stage and directly jumped onto the stage where he had just given his speech.

The moment Li Mu appeared, the cheers of the audience reached a peak. Lawrence, who was sweating profusely, finally let out a sigh of relief when he saw Li Mu arrive. He strode to Li Mu's side and passed the microphone to him with one hand while whispering in his ear, "Li Mu, thank you so much!"

Li Mu smiled faintly, "It's what I should do."

Lawrence patted Li Mu's arm and said, "Then I'll leave the stage to you."

Li Mu nodded. After Lawrence walked off the stage, he picked up the microphone and said with a smile, "Thank you all for your enthusiasm. I'm really flattered. Thank you!"

After that, Li Mu bowed slightly to the audience again.

The applause was deafening. Li Mu could only wait for everyone to quiet down a little before he continued, "Since everyone is interested in listening to me chat a little more, why don't you choose a few students to ask questions on the spot? As long as it doesn't involve personal privacy or trade secrets, I will answer them seriously."

When Li Mu's words came out, the audience erupted once again. The audience had been listening to Li Mu's speech one-sidedly. They hadn't thought that they would have the chance to interact with Li Mu now. For these fanatical fans and believers, this was an incomparably exciting matter.

Afterwards, almost everyone present raised their hands, hoping to personally ask Li Mu a question. Li Mu couldn't help but feel a bit of a headache when he saw tens of thousands of people raising their hands. He could only smile helplessly and say, "Thank you all for your enthusiasm, but if it's like this, I'm afraid it'll be very difficult for us to continue. How about this, everyone please quiet down first. I'll call the roll. After the roll is taken, have the staff pass the microphone over and everyone can ask a question."

Li Mu quickly displayed his extraordinary influence. The originally noisy scene quieted down as soon as he finished speaking, but everyone still raised their hands, hoping to personally ask Li Mu a question.

Li Mu looked around and said with a slightly apologetic tone, "I'm sorry, we'll only choose from the inner court. The stands are really too far away."

The audience in the stands didn't show any negative emotions. Since Li Mu wanted to choose from the inner court, they all put their hands down and sat in their seats without saying a word, waiting for someone to ask Li Mu a question.

Li Mu's eyes scanned the first few rows below the stage and found a beautiful girl with blonde hair and blue eyes looking at him excitedly, waving her arms desperately. So he pointed at her and said to the staff, "Please pass the microphone to this beautiful girl, thank you."

The blonde girl realized that Li Mu was talking about her and jumped up and down excitedly. The first person Li Mu asked was a beautiful girl, which caused a burst of friendly cheers from the audience.

The microphone was handed to the beautiful girl, who said in a trembling voice and very non-standard Chinese, "Hello, Li Mu!"

Li Mu nodded politely with a smile and said in the same Chinese, "Hello!"

The beautiful girl said excitedly, "I … I want to ask … Well … What I want to ask is, do you … have a girlfriend now?"

Li Mu nodded and said indifferently, "To tell you the truth, I already have a girlfriend."

More than 10,000 young women on the scene sighed in disappointment at the same time, and the blonde girl who asked the question was especially disappointed.

Li Mu then chose a boy who seemed to be in his early twenties to ask. After the boy took the microphone, he asked Li Mu loudly, "Hello, Li Mu. I'm studying computer science at MIT and will graduate next year. I originally planned to take the postgraduate exam, but after listening to your speech, I really want to give up the postgraduate exam. I hope to join Makino Technology after graduation and become a member of your army that changes the world and connects the world. May I ask what are the employment standards of Makino Technology now and in the future?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Makino Technology doesn't have a real employment standard. In our team, there are PhDs and post-doctorates from world-famous universities, as well as undergraduates from unknown universities in Hua Xia, and even some employees have only graduated from high school. Our corporate culture will never blindly pursue academic qualifications and graduate schools, but we want people who really have the ability to meet the needs of the position, and at the same time, do not refuse to grow and have a strong sense of teamwork."

After that, Li Mu added, "Makino Technology has established a branch in Silicon Valley, and we will gradually expand the scale of the branch in the United States, so there will be more and more job needs in the future. We will also gradually carry out on-campus recruitment in major universities in the United States. If you want to join Makino Technology at that time, you can pay more attention to this information. I hope you can become a member of Makino Technology in the future."

The boy nodded excitedly and said thank you.

Then, the microphone was handed to another girl who looked a little Indian. She held the microphone and asked seriously, "Li Mu, the question I want to ask you is, what do you think is the biggest difference between the Internet industry in Hua Xia and the Internet industry in the United States?"

Li Mu replied, "I think the biggest difference is that the level of innovation and ability of Internet companies in Hua Xia at this stage is far less than that of the United States. Most of the business models and product models of the Internet industry were born in the United States. Like other countries, Hua Xia is generally following in the footsteps of the development of the Internet industry in the United States."

The girl asked nervously, "Can I ask another extended question?"

Li Mu nodded. "Go ahead."

The girl asked him, "Which country do you think has the most hope of catching up with the United States in the Internet field?

Why? "

Li Mu smiled and said seriously, "If there is a country that will catch up with the United States in the Internet field in the future, then I think it will definitely be Hua Xia. This is because Hua Xia's economic growth is very fast. The improvement of the economy will stimulate people's desire to explore new things. Therefore, the number of netizens in Hua Xia is growing very fast. I think in a few years, Hua Xia will become the country with the most netizens. The huge market will definitely cultivate many world-class Internet companies, and the entire market will be raised to a new height."

The girl nodded and thanked him. Then, Li Mu's eyes continued to search for suitable candidates. Zhen Xiaoxiao, who had not raised her hand all this time, suddenly raised her right hand high in the air. It was unknown what was wrong with her.

Li Mu happened to see the whole process of Zhen Xiaoxiao raising her hand out of the corner of his eye. He even subconsciously saw Zhen Xiaoxiao's face. He pointed at her and said, "Okay, that girl."

Zhen Xiaoxiao did not expect Li Mu to really choose her from tens of thousands of people. For a moment, she was in disbelief. But when the microphone was handed to her, she realized that her feeling was not wrong. Li Mu really chose her to ask this question.

Holding the microphone, Zhen Xiaoxiao hesitated for a moment and said to Li Mu nervously, "Hello, Li Mu. My name is Zhen Xiaoxiao, and I am from Hua Xia. I am very honored and very excited to be able to listen to your speech here …"

Zhen Xiaoxiao was nearly a hundred meters away from him, but after a careful look, Li Mu still recognized her. Yesterday, he had taken a national flag from her hand. So, Li Mu said very politely, "Thank you for your support, and thank you for the five-star red flag."

Zhen Xiaoxiao did not expect Li Mu to recognize her. She suddenly felt a little flustered and shy. Her eyes avoided his for a while, and then she slowly came back to herself and said to Li Mu, "I want to ask you a question. For many students of Hua Xia who are studying abroad like me, the future will be a big problem. On the one hand, we do have some yearning for the environment of the developed countries in the West, but on the other hand, it is not easy for us to adapt to this environment. Moreover, we have to face the situation of being away from home, and it is difficult for us to reunite with our families. Do you have any good suggestions for this kind of thing?"

Hearing this question, Li Mu smiled indifferently, and his expression became slightly serious. He said, "Makino Technology has been committed to alleviating and reversing the problem of the brain drain in Hua Xia. We have introduced a lot of generous welfare policies, including household registration, housing, salary and welfare, future family life, children's schooling, and so on. We hope to take this opportunity to attract more foreign talents to return to our country. So, from this point of view, I can clearly state my personal opinion: I very much hope that talented students studying abroad like you can return to Hua Xia in the future to work and live."

As he said this, Li Mu added, "But for this problem, I don't want to link it with the views of building the motherland and repaying the people. I personally think that the overall economy of Hua Xia is currently taking off. All industries, whether state-owned enterprises, private enterprises, joint ventures, or foreign-funded enterprises, are constantly developing and improving. In this case, the overall economic development of Hua Xia, especially the development of high-end industries, needs a large number of high-quality talents. This itself is a very good opportunity for overseas students. This is one of the prerequisites.

You grew up in Hua Xia, your hometown is in Hua Xia, and most of your relatives and friends are also in Hua Xia. For you personally, no matter where you are compared, Hua Xia is the environment you are most familiar with. You don't need to pay extra costs to familiarize yourself and integrate with it.

Finally, as I said just now, the overall economic development of Hua Xia requires a large number of talents to support the speed of development. Not only central enterprises and state-owned enterprises, but private enterprises like Makino Technology also need talented students like you. If you can return to China and join a private enterprise like Makino Technology, the enterprise will definitely not let you down. In this case, you can return to China to work, and at the same time, you can make your own contributions to the economic development of your motherland without any extra costs. You can kill many birds with one stone, why not? "

The Chinese students in the audience applauded and cheered incessantly. At this time, Li Mu raised one hand and said seriously, "Makino Technology, as well as all the enterprises I am personally involved with, welcomes overseas talents to join us. At the same time, I also promise you in my own name that I will definitely provide you with all-round benefits and protection. Not only will I not give you a chance to regret, but I will also let you know that choosing to join Makino Technology, as well as its brother enterprises, is the best choice you can make in your career!"

…