Chapter 541

Ever since Zhao Ziqiu could remember, she had never sweated so much.

Soaking in hot baths and drinking ginger cola for six months was enough to make her sweat. In the end, Li Mu sent her to the peak of bliss many times in his anger. In just half a night, she had almost sweated all she could in a year.

Sweating profusely was very effective for colds in summer. By the time Zhao Ziqiu collapsed on the bed, she had almost recovered from the cold.

It didn't matter to Zhao Ziqiu whether she recovered or not. What mattered was that tonight, she had truly experienced the indescribable joy between a man and a woman. It was a wonderful feeling that couldn't be compared to any other feeling.

In the depths of love, Zhao Ziqiu wished time could stop. It was hard to imagine that the feeling of destroying everything had such a magical power. It was as if it could penetrate into the bone marrow and make every cell feel the beauty brought by the man she loved.

Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu was exhausted, Li Mu didn't continue to pester her. Instead, he covered her with a blanket and boiled some hot water. He told her, "Drink some water and rest for a while. You can go to bed after taking a bath later."

Zhao Ziqiu said coquettishly, "I really don't have any strength. I don't want to take a bath and go to sleep. I'll take a bath tomorrow morning, okay?"

Li Mu said, "You're stuck to your body. How can you sleep if you don't take a bath?"

Zhao Ziqiu reached out and hooked her arms around Li Mu's neck so that their bodies were pressed together. She said, "It's better if it's stuck to you. It can stick to you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "But we can't stick to each other like conjoined twins. You should rest for a while first. I'll take you to take a bath later."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "Are you going to take a bath with me?"

Li Mu nodded. "Together."

That night, the two of them slept more soundly than babies.

…

At eight o 'clock in the morning, a Boeing 747 landed at Yanjing Airport. This plane flew directly from Sydney, Australia to Yanjing. It was one of the few domestic direct flights to Sydney.

A middle-aged couple pushed a simple luggage cart out of the VIP passage. The middle-aged couple looked to be in their forties. The man was tall and thin, dressed very gentlemanly, and wore a pair of nearsighted glasses, which added a bit of the temperament of a successful person. The middle-aged woman beside him, although dressed simply, had an extraordinary temperament. Although there were some crow's feet at the corner of her eyes, it did not affect her beauty. The man pushed the cart, while the woman held him with one hand and carried a small handbag in the other. The two of them chatted and laughed in a low voice, appearing very loving.

After exiting the VIP passage, the middle-aged woman said to her husband, "Should we give our daughter a call and tell her about our last-minute change of schedule?"

"No need."

The middle-aged man smiled and said, "Let's go home first. I'll book a restaurant near my daughter's school and call her out for lunch."

The middle-aged woman pursed her lips and smiled. "You're so old, yet you're still so playful. You're going to scare our daughter."

The middle-aged man said, "It's a surprise for her. I haven't had time to visit her since I went to Australia for so long. This is a good opportunity."

The middle-aged woman nodded lightly and said, "Then when are we going back?

Do you want to stay in Yanjing for a few days? "

The middle-aged man said, "I can't. I have to go back tomorrow. Why don't you stay here with our daughter for a few days?"

"Okay." The middle-aged woman said, "I want to stay with my daughter for a few more days. Why don't I go back on the weekend?"

"Okay. Don't stay at home then. Find a hotel near the school."

"It's just nice. It's close to our daughter."

This middle-aged couple was Zhao Ziqiu's parents. Zhao Ziqiu's father was Zhao Xianliang, a well-known industrialist in Hangzhou. Her mother was Xie Yun, who used to be the youngest female professor at Zhejiang University. However, since Zhao Ziqiu entered high school, she no longer did any substantial teaching work. Most of the time, she stayed at home to help her husband and children. After Zhao Ziqiu was admitted to Yanjing University, she had been accompanying her husband and used her extraordinary knowledge to help her husband do business better.

During this period of time, Zhao Xianliang had been discussing a business project in Australia. After the business was settled, he was going to leave his team to deal with the aftermath. He and his wife would fly to Shanghai first, then return to Hangzhou from Shanghai. However, the flight to Shanghai that day was canceled due to special reasons, so the two of them changed to a direct flight to Yanjing to return home. They could go to Yanjing to see Zhao Ziqiu.

Zhao Ziqiu knew that her parents were in Australia, but she didn't know when they would return. At this moment, she was sleeping soundly in Li Mu's arms. She had no idea that her parents had arrived in Yanjing.

Zhao Xianliang's company had an office in Yanjing, but he didn't alert anyone when he came with his wife this time. He just wanted to give his daughter a surprise and see her before rushing back to Hangzhou. Therefore, he didn't ask anyone to pick him up at the airport. He queued up with the other passengers to take a taxi to his villa in the Asian Games Village.

At around nine o 'clock, the taxi drove into the entrance of the Asian Games Village villa area. Li Mu was still naked and daydreaming, while Zhao Ziqiu was curled up in Li Mu's arms like a child. She was sleeping soundly.

Zhao Xianliang opened the door of his villa. Just as he was about to enter, he was shocked by a silver Benz G55 parked in the courtyard.

Xie Yun followed behind him and also saw the huge and eye-catching Benz off-road vehicle. The two of them looked at each other in surprise. Neither of them knew how the car was parked in their courtyard.

Although Zhao Xianliang rarely came to Yanjing, he was still very familiar with his own business. He had a total of three cars parked in this villa. One was a Benz S-class business car, one was a Honda seven-seater business car, and the last one was the Volkswagen Beetle that he bought for his daughter. Why was there an extra Benz G55?

Xie Yun asked Zhao Xianliang in surprise, "Why is this car parked in our courtyard?"

Zhao Xianliang frowned and said, "I don't know. Looking at the license plate, it seems to be a car from the Government Authority …"

Xie Yun couldn't help but ask, "Could it be Ziqiu's friend?"

"It's unlikely."

Zhao Xianliang felt inexplicably nervous and said, "Even if Ziqiu knows the person who drives this car, it's impossible for her to bring him home."

After that, he hesitated for a moment and said to Xie Yun, "Let's go in and take a look."

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "Why don't we call the property management and ask?

What if we encounter some lawbreakers or dangerous people? "

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand and said, "I don't think so. The person who drives this car can't be lawbreakers or dangerous people."

Xie Yun said, "Under normal circumstances, people who drive this car won't park it in someone else's courtyard. Maybe this car is stolen. To be cautious, let's ask the property management first."

Zhao Xianliang thought for a moment. Seeing his wife's determined eyes, he took out his phone and found a landline number in his address book and dialed it.

After identifying himself on the phone, Zhao Xianliang gave Li Mu's license plate number to the property management and asked them when the car entered. The property management of the villa area was very strict. The owners usually drove in and out by swiping a card. If there was no card, all the cars entering and leaving would be recorded in detail.

However, the property management people checked and couldn't find any information about the car entering the community. Therefore, the property management was sure that the car must have entered the community by swiping a card. However, if they wanted to know the specific time when the car entered, they would have to check the video recordings.

Zhao Xianliang was smart. He knew that it would take a long time to check the video recordings, so he immediately asked the property management, "Do you have the entry and exit records of Building 08 in Area B?"

After checking in the system, the property management company quickly gave a clear reply, "Mr. Zhao, one of your access cards did enter last night, but there is no information about it going out for the time being."

Zhao Xianliang's expression turned serious, and his tone became more serious. He said in a low voice, "I understand. Thank you."

Then, he walked into his villa with a dark face.

Xie Yun hurriedly asked him, "What's wrong?

What did the property management say? "

Zhao Xianliang's anger was written all over his face. He said angrily, "The property management couldn't find any entry records of this car. It must have entered by swiping a card. I asked the property management to check if there are any entry and exit records of our family's access cards. The property management's reply was that one of our cards entered last night, and it hasn't gone out yet. They must be talking about this car."

Xie Yun suddenly became nervous. She understood why Zhao Xianliang was so angry. According to the feedback from the property management, the car must have been brought in by her daughter. Even if she didn't bring it in herself, she should have lent the card to someone else, or even lent the villa to someone else.

If the truth of the matter was the latter, then Xie Yun and her husband would certainly not care too much. However, they were most worried about the former. Such a Mercedes-Benz G55 was obviously driven by a man, and most of the men who could drive such a car were middle-aged men. If their daughter brought a middle-aged man to their villa to spend the night at night, then it was simply too bad.

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang was full of anger. Basically, he had the same idea as Xie Yun. He only had one daughter, Zhao Ziqiu, and he had poured all his fatherly love into her. In addition, his daughter was indeed very outstanding in all aspects, which made him particularly nervous about Zhao Ziqiu. It was precisely because of this nervous mentality that he lost the cultivation and patience of a successful businessman. Now, he just wanted to figure out what was going on with the car outside as soon as possible, and what relationship it had with his daughter.

Seeing that Zhao Xianliang had already opened the door and entered, Xie Yun hurriedly stepped forward and stopped him in the hall. She said to him solemnly, "Old Zhao, listen to me. Don't be impulsive at this time. Whether Ziqiu is here or not, you shouldn't rush in like this. She is our daughter. At this time, not only should you have confidence in her, you must also give her enough respect!"

Zhao Xianliang was a little anxious and asked, "What respect?

How could they give him respect?

Are we going to sit in the living room and wait for her to come out? "