Chapter 74

Song Liang's social skills were not only the icing on the cake and providing timely help, but more importantly, he knew how to use all available resources to achieve his goals. Although he had a high social status, he was never stingy to give others face.

For example, in the middle of the meal, Song Liang suddenly said to Li Mu, "I'll take you to the private rooms next door. You can give a toast to your Brother Wanjun's brothers."

Naturally, Li Mu could not refuse. When Zhang Wanjun heard this, he hurriedly followed, so the two of them took Li Mu in and out of the other three private rooms one after another.

Every time they arrived at a private room, Song Liang would first propose a toast to the people at the table. He would also speak to them with great respect. "Brothers, I have to thank everyone for today's matter. It's been hard on you all. I propose a toast to everyone. Cheers."

Therefore, on the one hand, the flattered gangsters felt great vanity, and on the other hand, they admired Song Liang even more.

Then, Song Liang pushed Li Mu to the front of the stage. "This is my brother, Li Mu. If you see him in trouble in Haizhou in the future, you must help him. In addition, my brother has opened a Metersbonwe at Ximenkou. It will open in about 20 days. Remember to invite your friends to come and support him."

When Li Mu heard this, he knew that it was not by chance that Song Liang could get to where he was today. This man was too smart and understood the principle of making the best use of people. He did not pursue vanity and identity, but was completely pragmatic.

At this time, Li Mu also learned from them. While toasting to the crowd, he did not forget to thank these people for their help today. He also politely invited them to support his store when it opened and promised them a discount. A large number of gangsters in Jianghu were very loyal, so they naturally agreed.

On the way back to the private room, Song Liang said to Li Mu, "I have a few empty advertisements at the beginning of August. They are huge. How about I arrange some for you?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Brother Liang, don't bother."

"I have nothing to do anyway. The advertising space in my hands never changes hands. It would be a waste of resources if I don't put it there."

Li Mu still wanted to politely decline, but Song Liang patted him on the shoulder. "That's settled."

Li Mu had to nod, then excused himself to go to the bathroom. He was about to go to the front desk to swipe his card to pay the bill, but the person at the front desk told him that Song Liang had already told him that all the expenses would be directly put on his account, so Li Mu had to give up.

On the way back, Li Mu learned from Song Liang that he also had shares in this ecological park. He had set it up with several locals in Haizhou. The main purpose was not to make money, but to make it convenient for him to treat others to meals and to socialize.

Song Liang sent Li Mu and Zhao Kang to the entrance of the West Ridge Coal Mine. When Li Mu got out of the car, he thanked Song Liang again. Song Liang waved his hand nonchalantly. "It's just a small matter. Don't be too polite with me.

Song Liang played it down, so Li Mu didn't say any more polite words.

Before leaving, Song Liang asked, "Tomorrow, they will participate in the semi-finals. Are you going to support them?"

"I don't think I can go. There are too many things to do. What about you, Brother Liang?"

"I can't go either. I have a dinner with the municipal government tomorrow night."

"Then let's wish them success in Haizhou!"

"Haha, okay, I wish them success!"

After Song Liang left, Zhao Kang and Li Mu walked side by side into the residential area. After a long while of silence, Zhao Kang suddenly said, "Little Mu, how did you get to know so many awesome people? During the second half of the meal today, I almost wet my pants because I couldn't hold it in."

Li Mu said, "Of course. What if you hurt your bladder?"

"I don't dare to go. They are all powerful people. I don't dare to touch them."

Li Mu put his hands in his trouser pockets and shook his head helplessly. "Today is just a small episode. Although they are powerful in Haizhou, our vision can't be limited to such a small place like Haizhou. When you go to Yan Jing, you will find that there are many people who are more powerful than them. If we have to look up to everyone who is stronger than us, our necks will break after a long time."

Zhao Kang nodded in bewilderment.

The two separated at the intersection of the community and went home respectively. The storm of punching the rich second generation also temporarily came to an end.

…

After returning home, Li Mu didn't tell his parents about the matter. But Haizhou was so small, it should be very soon for this matter to spread out.

Fortunately, his parents would leave Haizhou tomorrow for Wen City for training. They would be away for 15 days, so they could avoid the attention of this matter.

He didn't know if this matter was over. If Guo Lin was unwilling to let it go, he would have to continue to deal with him.

At this moment in the city hospital, Guo Yuhang's parents had been waiting in the ward for a long time.

The hysterical Zou Hua had beaten Guo Yuhang until he had a concussion. He had punched Guo Yuhang's face repeatedly. Guo Yuhang's nose bridge was also broken, and several of his teeth were broken. It was a terrible sight to see.

Guo Lin didn't know what had happened. He only heard from the police that his son was beaten by a gangster named Zou Hua. Zou Hua was detained and his statement had not come out yet.

His wife, Xue Guilan, was crying with tears in her eyes. His son's entire face was bloody and covered with thick gauze. It was a shocking sight to see him lying on the bed. The doctor said that he probably wouldn't wake up for a while. It was more likely that he would wake up tomorrow.

Guo Lin felt sorry for his son while comforting his wife. At the same time, he had to call his acquaintances in the public security department to ask about the situation.

However, the more his wife tried to persuade him, the louder she cried. She almost threw a tantrum in the ward. She cried and shouted at him, "You only have one son. You have to stand up for your son. I want the guy who beat him to die a horrible death!

That son of a b * tch dared to beat my son. I won't be satisfied even if I chop off his hand! "

"Do you think I own the police station?!" Guo Lin was also a little annoyed. A woman's view was foolish. What was the point of saying such arrogant words?

He was just a leader of a state-owned enterprise. Although he had embezzled a lot of money, he didn't dare to be too ostentatious. He was always worried that his superiors would kill him. How could he have the ability to kill others?

Xue Guilan stomped her feet in anger. "Then what do you think we should do?

Are we supposed to let the police detain and charge that guy?

That guy will go to jail for two years. What about my son's beating?

Who can we take revenge on? "

Guo Lin felt a headache. "Can you stop for a while?

This is the hospital, not our house. The matter hasn't been investigated yet, right?

I asked Old Chen, the director of the Dongguan Police Station, to keep an eye out for me. Now the guy who beat Yuhang is locked up in the station. His statement will probably come out tomorrow. Old Chen will understand the situation at work tomorrow and explain it to me. "

Xue Guilan cried again. "I can't wait until tomorrow!

Guo Lin, you useless thing. Your son was beaten up like this, and you don't even care about it. You don't even want me to wait until tomorrow! "

Although it was a private ward, with Xue Guilan making so much noise, there were people looking in through the glass window curiously from time to time. Guo Lin hurriedly closed the curtains and gave in to his wife. "Alright, stop it. Once we figure out what happened, I promise I won't let anyone who is related to this live a good life. You just stay with Yuhang and wait for him to wake up first, okay?"

Xue Guilan still wanted to explode, but Guo Lin added, "Although we have arrested the person who beat Yuhang, his statement might not be reliable. We still have to wait for our son to wake up and tell us what happened himself. Don't you think so?"

Xue Guilan stared at Guo Lin with her red eyes. "You said it. You have to keep your word!"

— —