Chapter 600

Just like the record companies were keeping an eye on the sales of Mo Wenwei's album, the Internet companies were also keeping an eye on the sales of Mango-ME.

Six minutes later, the page of Taobao Mango-ME showed: This round of instant sales is over. Please look forward to the next instant sales, which surprised the industry.

In the past, Taobao could sell 100,000 units in three minutes. According to this rule, it would take at least 15 minutes to sell 500,000 units. But no one expected that Taobao would finish the battle in six minutes.

However, everyone was not overly immersed in the surprise. Everyone began to be curious. How would Taobao deal with 500,000 units of orders in one night?

Boss Ma was also very curious. He was looking forward to seeing the situation of Yanjing's EMS warehouse bursting. He was even more willing to see Taobao being forced to choose ordinary mail or other express delivery companies to solve the logistics capacity problem. But he felt that, based on his understanding of Li Mu, Li Mu would not choose to cooperate with the three express delivery companies that he had acquired, because he was a very proud person. Boss Ma was the same as him. His inner pride had never been reduced. Therefore, he knew that once Li Mu squeezed the EMS to the extreme, it was very likely that he would choose ordinary mail to deal with the current predicament.

Compared to the fanaticism of Mango-ME users, choosing ordinary mail that would take ten days to half a month was not a big problem for users. After all, they had to wait for a round of instant sales for half a month. It would be good if they could grab it. They would not expect too much in the logistics link, and there was a lot of room for compromise. But Boss Ma knew that the ultimate goal of retail was service. If Li Mu chose to sacrifice the service to solve the problem this time, then it was equivalent to him making a very important mistake in the field of e-commerce. One wrong step would lead to many wrong steps. In the future, he would definitely taste the consequences of sacrificing service.

However, neither he nor other companies in the Internet industry knew that at this moment, the six warehouse centers that Li Mu asked Liu Xiaodong to set up in advance around the country immediately began to be busy with the delivery work.

Since each local person in charge had a very high budget to build a good relationship with the leaders of the local postal system, this time, in order to cooperate with the event, the local postal departments specially arranged some staff to work overtime. At this moment, at the entrance of each Taobao warehouse, there were two postal vans waiting with the rear doors open. The Taobao staff inside were printing delivery orders at the fastest speed, and then pasting them on the packaged Mango-ME boxes.

Because there was only one Mango-ME product in the event, and each ID was limited to only one Mango-ME product, each ID had to pay the shipping fee for each Mango-ME purchased. Therefore, what the staff had to do was very simple. The system categorized all the orders allocated to this warehouse, and then directly controlled the stylus printer. Every time an order was printed, the order would be automatically erased from the shipping system. In this way, the same order would not be printed repeatedly. Then, each printed delivery order would be directly pasted on a separately packaged Mango-ME box, which meant that all the shipping preparations had been completed. It would be handed directly to the postal staff, who would pack and load the boxes together, and then directly enter the mailing process.

This efficiency was beyond imagination, which was the result of several e-commerce platforms such as Taobao and JD.com in the future. Today, however, Li Mu's Taobao website had officially started.

Six major warehouses shared 500,000 units of Mango-ME. The overall workload was not heavy, but in order to ensure efficiency, everyone was working at full speed, so the pace was relatively tight. Just as the staff of the six major warehouse bases were busy shipping, the pre-sale of the summer Brand Day began at 8: 30 pm.

Li Mu used the mature e-commerce methods. For the current users, it was still very attractive. Originally, the additional cost of the electronic product industry was very high. After the manufacturers did the Brand Day activity this time, after eliminating the channel cost, the price of the products was generally at least 10% lower than the market price, and some products could even reach more than 20% lower. Therefore, when the users saw the announced products and prices, they were basically tempted.

What was more interesting was the pre-sale strategy. Customers paid a deposit in advance, and paid on the day of the Brand Day to enjoy double the deposit. Moreover, there was a guarantee that the goods would be available.

This strategy was simply amazing for the consumers. As long as they paid a deposit, not only could they enjoy further price discounts, but they could also lock in the product in advance. It was not like Mango-ME, where they might not necessarily be able to get their hands on the product even if they rushed to grab it. Now, as long as they paid the deposit in advance, they could patiently wait until the day of the Brand Day, and then pay the rest of the fees. There was no need for them to rush desperately to buy it.

Because of this novel strategy, when the Brand Day pre-sale was launched, it received very good results, and the pre-sale of various products continued to increase.

Among them, the most outstanding was the Smart Da Recorder.

The recorder was a low-cost learning product, and it was highly sought after by students' parents. In summary, a recorder that cost two to three hundred yuan in the mall could be sold for seventy to eighty yuan cheaper on Taobao. The discount was beyond imagination. Therefore, as early as the Brand Day promotion began, a large number of students' parents had already locked in the recorder. Not long after it was launched, the pre-sale of the Smart Da Recorder broke ten thousand, and it was growing faster and faster.

Parents were a group of people who spread information very quickly. The great benefits of the Smart Da recorder on Taobao had long been spread among the parents by word of mouth. It even appeared in many parents' YY chat groups. Some English teachers who noticed this discount had already reminded their classmates to take note of it. Such a huge discount was basically impossible to encounter under normal circumstances.

Then, the pre-sale of the Smart Da Recorder led the way. It was the first to break ten thousand, the first to break twenty thousand, the first to break thirty thousand …

The pre-sale of ZTE's PHS was also very good. Right now, PHS was very popular in third and fourth tier cities. Although UT Starcom held the majority of the market share, ZTE's explosive pre-sale on Taobao had a clear advantage, so the pre-sale volume was also very gratifying.

TCL cell phones also began their counterattack against Ningbo Guide. The higher the customer price of a product, the more money they could save with the same discount. Buying a TCL cell phone on Taobao's summer brand day was more than 200 RMB cheaper than the regular price. Therefore, this price caused many customers who wanted to buy the phone to start paying a deposit.

The pre-sale wasn't instant kill. There were still more than ten days before it would go live. With such a long time, who knew what kind of results it would achieve? The only thing Li Mu was worried about was whether the logistics would be able to support it. If the volume was really high, then even six storage bases might not be able to achieve rapid delivery.

Li Mu didn't leave Taobao. At 10: 30 PM, Liu Yidong received feedback and said to Li Mu, "Other than Shanghai and Yang Cheng, the storage bases in the other four cities have completed the delivery."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows, "That fast?"

Liu Yidong said, "These four warehouses have less distribution weight and less order weight, so the delivery speed is faster. Some warehouses still have a small portion of the goods that haven't been delivered, mainly because there's a slight discrepancy between the number of orders they received and the amount they have in stock. The stock in Shanghai and Yang Cheng is slightly insufficient. When the storage centers in Shanghai and Yang Cheng finish delivering all the goods they have, the remaining orders will be sent to the warehouses that still have stock."

Li Mu asked him, "How much stock do these four warehouses have left?"

Liu Yidong said, "Not much, a total of 3,485 units."

Li Mu nodded, "The four storage centers have a stock weight of 50%, which means that they received 250,000 units of Mango-ME. The remaining 3,000 units proves that our estimation isn't too far off. We'll continue to stock with this ratio in the future."

"Okay."

Liu Yidong said, "The delivery in Shanghai and Yang Cheng will be completed in about an hour. Then, we'll transfer the remaining orders to the other storage centers. It's estimated that 500,000 units of Mango-ME will be delivered before midnight."

Li Mu clapped his hands and praised, "This efficiency is great!

We have to keep it up in the future! "

Then, Li Mu said, "I'm a little worried about the opening of the brand day. If the pre-sales are particularly good, combined with the brand day, there might be millions of orders. How to quickly digest them is a big problem."

Liu Yidong said, "I've already asked the storage centers to further increase their manpower before the brand day."

Li Mu said, "If it's our part, we can solve it by increasing manpower, but if it's logistics, it's not something we can control."

Liu Yidong asked, "You're worried that the EMS warehouses in these six cities will be full?"

Li Mu nodded, "Once the warehouses are full, it will have a huge impact on the users."

Liu Yidong said, "It shouldn't be a big problem for six cities to share the burden, right?"

Li Mu said, "If there's a problem, there's nothing we can do when it's right in front of us."

Then, Li Mu paused, then said to Liu Yidong, "What do you think? We'll make preparations on a provincial basis and help the postal service solve the problem of inter-provincial transportation."

Liu Yidong was stunned, "What do you mean?

I don't understand. "