Chapter 104

"The car involved in the accident, as well as the owner's statement and photos, have been sent to Jinling. They just arrived at Jinling this afternoon, and the provincial office has already started collecting evidence. I'm afraid that Wu Dong will find someone to take the blame."

Hu Haibo voiced his concern, and Du Cheng said, "If we want to prevent him from finding someone to take the blame, we'll have to collect evidence of Wu Dong's accident as soon as possible."

Hu Haibo nodded. "The driver who helped him deal with the accident is one of them. Also, we should be able to get some evidence after we collect evidence of the accident."

Then, Hu Haibo added, "Didn't the Internet say that a mine manager was in Wu Dong's car that night? The information on the Internet is basically accurate, so the mine manager's story should be correct."

Du Cheng pursed his lips for a long time, but he was not sure. "The mine manager's name is Guo Lin, and he must have a special relationship with Wu Dong. Rumor has it that Wu Dong gave him tens of millions of dollars as a show of filial piety. The two of them share the same interests. If we want to use Guo Lin as a breakthrough, I think it'll be difficult."

"That's going to be tricky." Hu Haibo looked troubled.

Then, Hu Haibo raised his eyebrows. "Oh right!

Tell me, who is the person who leaked the news?

How does he know so much? "

Du Cheng thought for a moment, then said, "I've thought about it. The person who leaked the news should be Wu Dong's enemy. He has offended a lot of people in the coal business over the years, and he is usually arrogant. He is also suspected of being involved in the underworld. If he is convicted, he will be sentenced to at least ten years in prison."

Hu Haibo smiled and asked, "Old Du, you won't blame me if we don't have enough evidence to convict Wu Dong, right?"

Du Cheng hurriedly said, "Why would I blame you? The main thing right now is the public's anger. If Wu Dong really finds someone to take the blame, and we don't have any direct evidence, then we can only arrest the scapegoat first to give the public an explanation."

Hu Haibo took a deep drag on his cigarette and said with a smile, "Alright, Old Du. No matter what, we were colleagues a few years ago. We're definitely old acquaintances. Besides, you and I both have the same boss. I know what you're really concerned about is Li Jiawei. Otherwise, why would Director Liu send me over?"

Du Cheng opened his eyes and said, "Haibo, to tell you the truth, I want to make a move on Li Jiawei. I've been in Haizhou for two or three years, and this guy has been going against me, trying to push me away. I'm not happy about that. Besides, I want to leave some connections in Haizhou before I leave. Director Liu knows and agrees, so I want to take this opportunity to get Li Jiawei out. But if I want to make a move on him, I have to convict Wu Dong first and make him talk."

Hu Haibo nodded and said, "If Li Jiawei goes down, you want Su Weimin to come up, right?"

"Yes."

Du Cheng said, "Su Weimin is young, in his early forties. He has political capital and high academic qualifications. He's a top student of the People's Public Security University of China. The most important thing is that he's trustworthy and can be trained as one of our own."

Hu Haibo said, "Then call him now and ask him to come. Regardless of whether this matter succeeds or not, we have to make it clear to him first. Even if he doesn't become the head of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau in the end, there will be opportunities to bring him to the provincial bureau for training in the future. In recent years, Director Liu has been very interested in people in their forties with excellent academic qualifications."

"Alright."

Du Cheng understood what Hu Haibo meant. He wanted to make it clear to Su Weimin first. Regardless of whether this matter succeeds or not, he was prepared to train Su Weimin as one of his own. The rest would depend on Su Weimin's attitude.

Therefore, Du Cheng called Su Weimin. Su Weimin got off work late, and it was already past 7: 30 when he got home. He had just changed into his underwear and singlet and sat down at home to eat when he received a call from Du Cheng. He heard that Du Cheng was having dinner with the head of the investigation team, Hu Haibo, at the ecological park and invited him over. He felt that things were not so simple.

Although he had always respected Du Cheng, the head of the bureau, he had never taken sides in the real sense. This time, the provincial bureau had sent an investigation team to investigate the hit-and-run case. Su Weimin always felt that there was something hidden in it, and he vaguely felt that it was related to Li Jiawei. Now that he received this call, he immediately guessed 80% of it.

Su Weimin immediately said to Du Cheng, "Director, please wait for a moment with Team Leader Hu. I'll rush over now."

After hanging up the phone, Su Weimin got up and was about to leave. His wife, Fang Min, asked, "You haven't eaten yet and you're leaving?"

Su Weimin, who was wearing a singlet, put on a short-sleeved shirt and sincerely told his wife, "Director Du is having dinner with the head of the provincial task force in the ecological park. He asked me to go over and sit down. It's probably about Li Jiawei."

Fang Min worked in the office of the municipal party committee, so she was very sensitive to politics. She knew that her husband had been suppressed by Li Jiawei, and she also knew that Du Cheng and Li Jiawei had always been at odds. She exclaimed and asked, "Could it be that Director Du wants to get rid of Li Jiawei and pull you over to succeed him?"

Su Weimin nodded and said faintly, "I guess so. But Li Jiawei is not so easy to deal with. We can only know the specifics when we go there."

Fang Min also knew that it was a matter of great importance. She stood up and helped Su Weimin button up and said, "This is an opportunity. No matter what the result is, you have to take a stand first."

"Understood."

…

When Li Mu and Su Yingxue finished dinner, it was not yet eight o 'clock. Originally, the two were not in a hurry to leave, but Su Yingxue's mother called her and heard that she was leaving. Several relatives came to see her at home.

Su Yingxue had to end the quiet and wonderful dinner with Li Mu early and said to Li Mu, "I'll have to trouble you to send me home. My aunt and the others are waiting for me at home."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's go. I'll send you back now."

After paying the bill, Li Mu and Su Yingxue walked out of the gate of the ecological park's F&B department side by side and went straight to the parking lot at the gate.

Just as Li Mu opened the driver's door and was about to get in, a man suddenly got out of a Passat that had just stopped. He was only a few meters away from Li Mu. Li Mu thought that the man's side profile was a little familiar. He did not expect that the man would look up and see Li Mu. Their eyes met, and the two recognized each other.

Isn't this the policeman who caught me driving without a license and punished me to do fifty push-ups?

At this moment, Su Weimin also stared at Li Mu curiously. It's you again, kid. At this time, Su Yingxue happened to open the car door with her back to him. His attention was focused on Li Mu, so he did not notice it at first.

Li Mu thought of the last experience. It was not that he hated the policeman, but he felt a little wronged. So he waved at Su Weimin and said, "Uncle Policeman!"

Su Weimin shook his head and smiled. "Yo, are you driving without a license again this time?"

"Hey, hey!"

Li Mu took out his driver's license from his pocket and raised it above his head. "I'm sorry, Uncle Policeman. I just got my driver's license. Sorry to disappoint you."

Su Weimin thought that he had important things to do and had no time to argue with this brat. He was about to turn around and leave. Unexpectedly, Su Yingxue turned her head curiously, and her eyes met with her father's.

Su Yingxue was stunned on the spot as if she had been electrocuted, and Su Weimin's face suddenly fell. Last time, he saw this kid driving his daughter home, so he went up to stop him. At that time, considering that this kid was his daughter's classmate and they were taking the driver's license together, the two of them did not do anything out of line. After he punished Li Mu, he went home and did not ask his daughter again. He did not expect to see his daughter running so far out to eat with this kid!

Su Weimin, who had been a policeman for many years, treasured his daughter the most. It might be because he had seen many cases, so he wanted to protect his daughter layer by layer so that people with evil intentions could not get close to her. His daughter had always been very conscious and never got too close to her male friends. But he did not expect to see such a situation today. Oh my god, could it be that she fell in love with this kid?

Li Mu could not see Su Yingxue's expression, but he saw that Su Weimin's expression was very ugly. He thought that Su Weimin was annoyed with his teasing, so he laughed and said, "Uncle Policeman, I was just joking with you. Don't take it to heart."

Hearing Li Mu's words, Su Weimin temporarily suppressed the inexplicable anger in his heart. In any case, it was not suitable for him to question his daughter in this situation. He had to trust her and leave enough self-esteem for her, so he decided to wait until he got back.

Su Weimin did not greet Su Yingxue, and Su Yingxue did not speak either. The father and daughter reached a silent tacit understanding on this issue. Then Su Weimin turned his head and entered the F&B department, and Su Yingxue also sat in the passenger seat of Li Mu's car.

Li Mu thought that Su Weimin was angry at him. When he sat in the car, he still smiled and said, "Oh, this policeman is really narrow-minded. I did not hold a grudge against him when he punished me so badly last time. I just teased him a little, and he got angry."

Su Yingxue slightly calmed down. She turned her face and blinked her big eyes as she asked Li Mu, "He punished you?

What did he punish you for? "

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Don't mention it. It's a long story."

Then, Li Mu told Su Yingxue everything that happened that day when he drove home and was stopped by Su Weimin.

"Do you think he has a phobia about Renmin University?

Why did he punish me with thirty push-ups when I said that I applied to Renmin University? "

"Haha!"

Su Yingxue's emotions were originally a little perturbed because of her father's angry look just now. However, after listening to Li Mu's story about his relationship with her father, she laughed so hard that she didn't look like a goddess at all.

"Is it funny?" Li Mu's expression was slightly awkward.

"It's quite funny."

Su Yingxue nodded repeatedly. She thought to herself that her father had never been to her school during her three years of high school. Her mother was also the one who attended the parent-teacher conference. It was normal that Li Mu did not know her father. She could not blame him for making such a mistake today.

Li Mu said bitterly, "He must have a phobia about Renmin University."

Su Yingxue could understand how her father felt when he asked one question after another. In the end, he found out that Li Mu also applied to Renmin University. She smiled and said, "Then, just take it that he has a phobia."

Li Mu nodded and did not continue to dwell on this issue. Instead, he started the car and drove out of the ecological park, heading straight to the city.

The car drove to the front door of the Municipal Public Security Bureau's Family Quarters. Li Mu parked the car, but he was not in a hurry to start the car. Instead, he said to Su Yingxue, "Have a safe trip tomorrow. Remember to give me a call or text me when you get in the car."

"Okay. Be careful when you go out tomorrow. Let me know before you go to Yanjing."