Chapter 1675

The board of directors of Mars reached a consensus on the same day and decided to donate 20 million, 30 million, and 50 million US dollars to 3321, the Veterans' Undying Foundation, and the Lost Cultural Relics Repatriation Foundation respectively. The funds were transferred the next day.

These three charitable foundations had set up overseas accounts to facilitate overseas donations. However, Li Mu insisted that Mars transfer all 100 million US dollars into the foundation's RMB account. Once the money arrived, it was immediately settled in RMB with the central bank.

The exchange was settled at the real-time exchange rate on the day the money arrived. 100 million US dollars converted into RMB was a total of 828 million.

The central bank appreciated Li Mu's operation. Many companies were racking their brains to convert the money they earned in China into US dollars and put it in offshore accounts. Li Mu had been trying to bring money from abroad into China.

After the money was settled, Li Mu immediately called the person in charge of 3321, Dong Ai.

Li Mu had not seen Senior Sister Ai for a long time. He thought she was in the UK personally helping William build 3321. After calling her, he found out that Senior Sister Ai had just returned from the UK and was preparing to adjust in Beijing before leading a team to Yun Gui Chuan for a field trip.

According to Senior Sister Ai's words, Yun, Gui, and Chuan had the highest number of high school students in need of financial aid. From the end of this year to next summer, Yun, Gui, and Chuan were the most important areas that the 3321 Student Aid Fund would support in the country. Therefore, she planned to spend half a month with her team this time to properly investigate the situation of the poor students in Yun, Gui, and Chuan.

After listening to her, Li Mu asked her over the phone, "Senior Sister Ai, when are you planning to leave Beijing?"

Dong Ai said, "We've booked a flight the day after tomorrow to the capital of your province."

Li Mu said, "You're in such a rush?

Senior Sister Ai has worked hard. "

Dong Ai smiled and said, "Li Zong, don't say that. Compared to you, it's still easy for me."

Dong Ai asked again, "Li Zong, you rarely call me. Is there something you need from me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "How about this? Come to Makino Technology today. I have some good news for you."

Dong Ai smiled and asked, "What's the good news? Can you tell me first?"

Li Mu pretended to be mysterious and said, "I'll tell you when you come. But don't worry, it's definitely great news."

Dong Ai hurriedly said, "Then I'll be right there. Is it convenient for you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's convenient. Come here."

Less than half an hour after hanging up the phone, Dong Ai arrived at Makino Technology. Led by Li Ziwei, she came to Li Mu's office.

The headquarters of 3321 had always been in the National People's Congress. Like Makino Technology, they were both in Zhongguancun, which was very close to each other.

After not seeing Dong Ai for a while, Li Mu found that Dong Ai had become more mature than before. She was wearing a navy blue professional suit, dignified and beautiful. Her waterfall-like long hair was slightly permed, which made her mature temperament more gentle and beautiful.

Seeing Li Mu, Dong Ai said with a smile, "Li Zong, why did you ask me to come here in such a hurry? What good news do you have for me?"

Li Mu hurriedly got up and pointed to the sofa in the reception area. He said to her, "Come here, Senior Sister Ai. Please sit down. Let's sit down and talk slowly."

Dong Ai nodded and sat down opposite Li Mu. She said, "As soon as I received your call, I came here in a hurry. I also told everyone that Li Zong has good news for me. Don't fool me."

Li Mu said with a smile, "When did I fool you?

If I say it's good news, it must be good news. "

As he spoke, Li Mu went straight to the point and said, "I made a donation to 3321."

"Really?" Dong Ai's eyes lit up. She hurriedly leaned closer and asked, "Li Zong, how much is the amount?"

Li Mu stretched out two fingers.

Dong Ai said with a smile, "Li Zong called me personally. I guess it can't be two million. Twenty million?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Twenty million US dollars."

"Wow, so much!" Dong Ai exclaimed and said, "Was it donated by Makino Technology or someone else?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I extorted it from Mars in the United States. The money has already been transferred to the account. After converting it into RMB, it's more than 165 million."

Dong Ai praised, "That's great. If this money is used to provide financial aid to the new college students, it can help at least tens of thousands of people go to college."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "This money is earmarked for special purposes. Don't overlap with the main financial aid targets of 3321 at this stage."

Dong Ai hurriedly asked, "Special purposes?

For what? "

Li Mu said, "To build a Hope Primary School. Let's call it 3321 Hope Primary School."

"Hope Primary School …" Dong Ai pondered for a moment and asked Li Mu, "Are we donating the money to the local government, and the local government will be responsible for the construction?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "In order to avoid the situation of embezzlement during the construction process, the Hope Primary School donated by 3321 must be directly tendered by 3321, and directly accepted and settled with the contractor. The local government must not interfere with the tendering of the construction party, and must not interfere with any aspects of funds and materials. It must ensure that the local government does not interfere at all before the Hope Primary School is built. The local government will only accept the construction after the Hope Primary School is built and be responsible for the follow-up operation."

Dong Ai thought for a moment and said, "Li Zong, 3321 itself does not have a team that understands the construction industry. If we do the tendering, acceptance, and settlement, we may not be able to guarantee the details."

Li Mu said, "Let's break down all the work first. The construction of Hope Primary School is no different from other construction projects. It's nothing more than the overall design, the budget, the public tendering, and the supervision and acceptance during the construction process. My idea is that for the design, we must first come up with a unified standard."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused and said, "You see, clothing stores, car 4S stores, and chain restaurants all use an official design standard. How to design the exterior, how to design the internal modules, and how to handle the details are all decided by the government. Each store will then make slight adjustments according to the actual situation. Since the chain companies can do it, then of course, Hope Primary School can do it too."

Dong Ai nodded and said, "That makes sense. Please continue."

Li Mu said, "I want to design the school buildings into a unified module. For example, if we design a building, the standard is to be able to accommodate 500 students and teachers on a daily basis. Let the design company come up with a set of unified design drawings and a set of construction cost estimates according to our requirements. This way, in the future, all the donated Hope Primary Schools across the country can be built according to this set of design. The budget will be based on the economic development of each region, and it will be easier to make slight adjustments."

Dong Ai asked, "So, all of our Hope Primary Schools will have the same architectural design?"

"Of course."

Li Mu nodded and said, "We are different from chain stores. Chain stores rent different shops, and the sizes of the shops are different. So, each chain store can only ensure that the overall style is the same, but the overall design will be different. To donate Hope Primary Schools, at least the local government will give us a dedicated piece of land, and we will build it from scratch. So, this is the most suitable way to implement a completely unified standard.

"In other words, all the Hope Primary Schools donated by 3321, from the exterior to the interior design, and the specific construction standards, must be exactly the same. In addition, the overall design of the school must be simple and elegant, and at the same time, it must have a certain sense of design. We need to have our own design language."

Dong Ai thought for a moment and asked, "Li Zong, then will the scale of our Hope Primary Schools be the same everywhere?"

Li Mu said, "At least for the first phase."

Twenty million US dollars, converted to RMB, was about 165 million RMB. At this stage, inflation was not too serious, and the cost of construction was not high. Normally, the overall cost of building a small Hope Primary School would be between two to three million RMB, and this amount of money could be used to build about 70 to 80 schools.

If they took out a portion of 3321's financial aid, it would not be a problem to build 100 schools in the first phase. Therefore, the first phase of the donation plan that Li Mu made for 3321 Hope Primary Schools was to build 100 Hope Primary Schools across the country.

Li Mu told Dong Ai about the idea of building 100 Hope Primary Schools in the first phase, and then said, "In the first phase, these 100 Hope Primary Schools will all be built according to the scale of 500 people, and they will use the same design. If we want to build a larger Hope Primary School in the second phase, we will also use the same design style, but we will adjust the floor. If we want to accommodate more students, we will add one or two floors, or we can simply build two buildings that can accommodate 500 people."

Dong Ai nodded and said, "I understand what you mean. In this case, we can also outsource the bidding and supervision work to a strong construction company, and let them send a team to follow us to various places to do the bidding and supervision work."

"Yes."

Li Mu said with admiration, "My idea is to hand the professional work to the professionals. That way, we will have a lot less worry."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "Once we start on this matter, we will definitely continue to do it. In the first phase, we will build 100 schools. In the second phase next year, Makino Technology and Taobao will donate at least 5 to 1 billion yuan to build the second batch. In another year or two, there will be a third batch of larger scale."

Dong Ai nodded and said excitedly, "According to what you said, in a few years, our 3321 Hope Primary Schools will be everywhere!"

Li Mu said seriously, "Just based on the scale of Makino Technology and Taobao, and the estimated profits after they go public in the future, it will be very easy to donate 100 Hope Primary Schools in the country every year."

Dong Ai hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, do you have any suggestions about the location of the first batch of 100 Hope Primary Schools?"

Li Mu said, "I suggest that the location should be considered comprehensively. We can't just start from the poorest place, and we can't just start from the place with the highest dropout rate. We have to consider the poverty situation, the dropout rate, the total number of out-of-school children, and the difficulty of transportation for the local children to go to school. We have to give each factor a specific weight, and then come up with a set of formulas to start from the place that needs it the most."

First set a small goal, such as: Booksellers House.