Chapter 353

Su Yingxue and Li Mu's "puppy love" was temporarily approved by her aunt. Although this approval came with two additional requirements, Su Yingxue was already very satisfied.

It was also after she took Li Mu to meet her aunt and uncle this time that she realized that her beloved was much happier to be recognized by his family than to be recognized by her own family. Moreover, she was more open to the relationship between her and Li Mu now.

After a day of classes, the two agreed to meet outside the teaching building. Like other couples, they walked out of the school while leaning against each other. Su Yingxue said to Li Mu in a rare coquettish tone, which was very rare. "What are you going to cook for me tonight?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said with a smile, "Let's go to the supermarket. We'll buy whatever you want to eat."

Su Yingxue asked him, "You'll cook if I buy it?"

Li Mu nodded, "Of course."

After drifting in Yanjing for so long, Li Mu more or less had some cooking skills. Sometimes, when he really had enough of the food outside, he suddenly realized that buying some ingredients and cooking a meal, no matter how simple it was, was incomparably happy. Later on, Li Mu got used to buying ingredients and cooking by himself every weekend, so he also had some cooking skills.

The two went to the supermarket like a young couple and pushed the cart to buy a lot of ingredients and a bottle of red wine. They returned to Yucheng Garden. Li Mu prepared four dishes tonight. Among them, the sweet and sour pork ribs and the mapo tofu were personally ordered by Su Yingxue.

For Li Mu, cooking was not difficult. The difficult part was the preparation before and after cooking. Picking, washing, cutting, and marinating the ingredients were much more tiring than cooking. Fortunately, Su Yingxue diligently followed by his side to help him. Two people working together was much more efficient than one person.

After the two of them finished their preparations, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "Go out and watch TV for a while. There'll be a lot of smoke when you cook."

Su Yingxue shook her head and gently hugged Li Mu from behind. She whispered, "I'll go with you. Who knows, I might be able to help."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You've done what you can. I'll do the rest myself."

Su Yingxue still shook her head. "No, I want to watch you do it."

Li Mu helplessly nodded and said to her, "You stay a little further away. I don't want to splash you later."

For Li Mu, the most important thing to pay attention to when cooking was the heat. When the oil was heated, the scallions, ginger, and garlic would be added. When the oil was heated, the meat would be added. Finally, how much heat should be used to stir-fry or stew the sauce. Finally, how much heat should be used to collect the sauce.

Su Yingxue watched Li Mu work in front of the stove without blinking. Every time Li Mu made a dish, she would help take it to the side. When Li Mu finished cooking all four dishes, the two of them left the kitchen and sat down at the table.

Li Mu specially opened the bottle of red wine he bought and poured a glass for himself and Su Yingxue.

The home-cooked dishes made by Li Mu might not be very delicious, but they were definitely not inferior to ordinary restaurants. Su Yingxue was full of praise for them. She was in a good mood and drank a little more wine. After dinner, Su Yingxue drank at least one-third of the 700 milliliters of red wine. The remaining two-thirds went into Li Mu's stomach.

After dinner, the two of them tidied up the dining table and kitchen. When they returned to the living room, Su Yingxue's drunkenness was starting to kick in. Her face was flushed, and her eyes were a little blurry.

On the sofa in the living room, the two of them hugged each other and watched a boring variety show. Su Yingxue held her long hair in front of her nose and sniffed it. She said with a look of disgust, "My whole body smells like oil and smoke. Even my hair smells like it."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I told you not to stay in the kitchen, but you didn't listen."

Su Yingxue grabbed her hair between her fingers and said to Li Mu, "My hair was so close to you just now. Don't you dislike it?"

Li Mu said with a calm face, "I smell good."

With that said, Li Mu spread out his hands again and said, "Come, let me hug you again."

Su Yingxue didn't look at Li Mu. Instead, she sniffed her own clothes and said, "You don't dislike me, but I dislike myself. I'll go take a shower."

After that, Su Yingxue stood up and looked at the time. It was just past eight o 'clock. It was still early. She just needed to get back to the dormitory before 10: 30, so that her aunt wouldn't call to check on her.

Seeing that she was serious, Li Mu also pretended to sniff himself and said with a look of disgust, "Aiya, my body smells bad too. I also need to take a shower. Why don't we take a shower together?"

Su Yingxue's slightly red face instantly turned red. She lowered her head and didn't dare to look at Li Mu. She picked up the phone on the coffee table and said in a low voice, "Why don't you take a shower first? I'll take a shower later."

Li Mu's rude words just now were half sincere and half a joke. Now that Su Yingxue was so shy, Li Mu naturally didn't want to tease her anymore. He quickly said, "I'm just kidding. You take a shower first."

Only then did Su Yingxue look at Li Mu shyly and turn to go to the bathroom.

Soon, the irregular sound of running water came from the bathroom. Su Yingxue's every move under the shower would constantly change the sound of running water. It was like a special rhythm, playing a melody without a melody, but it was more exciting than the melody.

Li Mu, who had drunk a little wine, felt unbearably hot all over his body. The blood in his body began to gather in his lower body. When he thought about how he hadn't had sex since he was reborn, Li Mu couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

After being reborn for half a year, he had earned more money than he had earned in his previous life in more than 30 years, but he hadn't touched a single woman.

It really didn't make sense …

However, when he thought of Su Yingxue, Li Mu's heart was shrouded with a layer of haze. If he wanted to completely conquer this little vixen who had haunted his dreams, he estimated that he would have to keep his virginity for a while longer. Because Li Mu could see that Su Yingxue was controlling her own rhythm, he couldn't be greedy.

When Su Yingxue came out of the bathroom, the fire in Li Mu's chest hadn't been extinguished. At this time, Su Yingxue was almost fully dressed. She walked out of the bathroom in her innermost long-sleeved T-shirt and sweatpants, rubbing her hair with a towel. She said to Li Mu, who was on the sofa, "I should put some clothes here to change into. Bathing here is much more comfortable than bathing in the school bathhouse."

Li Mu looked straight at her and said absent-mindedly, "Yeah, why don't you just come here to bathe every day in the future?"