Chapter 1179

This post quickly caused a huge shock in Tom Cruise's fan group!

Countless people covered their mouths in horror in front of their computers, and countless people clenched their fists tightly in front of their computers!

Incredible！

Unf*ckingbelievable！

With such gradual incitement, except for the die-hard fans who were still indifferent, most people were already furious in front of their computers!

In every old photo, there was at least one shining samurai sword. Before today, people who had read the spoiler were still looking forward to seeing Tom Cruise's heroic samurai costume. But now, when they saw these extremely cruel and incomparably realistic historical photos, when they saw the shiny samurai swords, the twisted faces, and the expressions of despair, they could no longer have that kind of expectation.

Those who were holding those samurai swords were all demons!

Absolute demons!

And Tom Cruise was doing his best to act in a movie that praised the spirit of demons …

The most unacceptable thing was that in this movie, he was actually representing the Americans, wearing the clothes of demons, holding the sabers of demons, and fighting side by side with the believers of demons …

The netizens' comments below almost instantly exploded!

"OMG, I really didn't expect this group of murderous demons to be so inhumane and kill so many of our compatriots!"

"These man-eating demons!!!

Even the demons of hell will be ashamed of their inferiority in front of them! "

"I can't believe that Tom Cruise is actually singing praises for these demons!"

"The purpose behind this movie gives me a chill down my spine!

I can't imagine what kind of distortion the world will fall into if the whole world is brainwashed by this movie and advocates this kind of demon spirit like Tom Cruise! "

"Oh my god, I've cried five times!

These demons are too terrible. God should throw all these demons and their followers into purgatory and punish them with endless fire for their crimes! "

"Tom Cruise, from today on, I swear I will never watch any of your movies again!"

"Tom, I like you so much, but you're really disappointing this time!"

“F*ck！

Tom Cruise, are you worthy of so many of your compatriots who died under the butcher knives of the Japanese?

How can we face our compatriots who were dismembered and eaten by the demons? "

"When I watched Top Gun, I felt that Tom Cruise was the representative and embodiment of the American spirit. But now, when I think of how he said in front of the media that he was obsessed with the samurai spirit, I feel as disgusted as if I had swallowed a fly!"

"God, I feel as disgusted as eating shit!"

"No, it's more disgusting than eating shit!"

Among the countless netizens' comments, some of them were preset by Li Mu, but most of them were the netizens' spontaneous comments. Under the impact of reality and vision, almost every netizen who saw this post could feel the anger from the bottom of their hearts.

Patriotism and nationalism were the most easily aroused points. Like netizens in any country in the world, the patriotism and nationalism of American netizens were completely mobilized this time. In the face of so much evidence, extreme samurai became a devil-like existence in their eyes, and at this moment, Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick became the servants of the devil, causing the vast majority of netizens to despise them.

The same post was published on more than one website.

On the contrary, at this moment, countless English websites were frantically reposting this extremely incisive article.

Some of them were automatically published by Li Mu's script, but most of them were spontaneously reposted by netizens.

The netizens who usually loved to quarrel and quarrel burst out with a strong sense of unity at this moment. The burning patriotism in their chests, under the embellishment of their sense of justice and nationality, was so hot that it was about to burn through their chests!

In one afternoon, a single spark had completely set the prairie ablaze!

The media reporters had painstakingly written soft articles, but there was already a lot of criticism on the Internet.

Angry netizens crazily cursed the extreme samurai on the Internet, cursed the film's director, Edward Zwick, cursed Tom Cruise, who played the male lead who surrendered to the extreme samurai, and cursed Warner, the film's production company. There were even countless people calling for a joint boycott of Edward Zwick, Tom Cruise, and even a boycott of Warner.

At this time, there was a voice on the Internet: Netizens must unite and put pressure on Warner. No matter what, they can't let them continue shooting this movie that glorifies the spirit of the devil!

If this movie was produced by an American company and released in the United States, it would be a great humiliation to the United States, its history, and its people!

As soon as this voice was released, it immediately attracted countless netizens' attention. Like a plague, it quickly spread throughout the Internet...

The huge change on the Internet stunned all the media. In the morning, they had thought that Warner's crisis PR was like a textbook example, but in the afternoon, they were completely overwhelmed by the anger of the public.

Many media outlets and websites that were good at catching up on current events quickly followed up and reported on the wave of fanaticism online. YY English website also reported on the situation immediately.

Other media outlets reacted immediately and quickly sent people to follow up on such big news. If they didn't grasp such big news, not only would they lose their users, but their own brands would also suffer.

The target of Warner's crisis PR was the reporters who had gone to the press conference. The purpose was to get them to write articles that were biased and supportive of Warner when they returned. Because of this, the media outlets that were targeted by the PR didn't care about Warner at all.

So, while the reporters were busy writing articles praising Warner, their leaders found the company's best editor to quickly report on the new outbreak of the boycott.

When the reporters finished writing and submitted their articles to the editor-in-chief for review, they were all rejected by the editor-in-chief without exception.

"Warner is now the target of the boycott by the entire American netizens. How can you publish an article that is biased towards Warner at a time like this?

Almost every reporter who did not know what was going on in the outside world and had buried their heads in writing and submitting their articles for review was reprimanded. Some reporters were even immediately suspended. Now, all the media outlets were aware of the trend of the netizens' boycott. As a media outlet, they absolutely could not stand on the wrong side at this time!

...

Mayer and Edward held a celebration party after the press conference. Several of Warner's bosses and core leaders appeared at the party. As the only director at the party, Edward was in a good mood.

He felt that he was really going to strike it rich this time. The situation at today's press conference would definitely be disseminated to the entire United States and even the world by the major media. This was really a super advertisement for his new movie. When the time came, the box office of the movie would naturally not need to be mentioned, and its influence would definitely reach the peak!

Edward was already daydreaming. He was looking forward to the movie that would move the world after it was made.

At the party, Edward, who was in a good mood, drank a lot of red wine. Mayer congratulated him many times at the party. She also put her arm around his shoulder and intimately encouraged him to make the film a good one.

Coincidentally, in the middle of the party, Tom Cruise called to ask about the current situation. Although he was in New Zealand, he was particularly concerned about the current situation in the United States. Not only him, but the entire crew of "The Last Samurai" was also paying attention to the situation in the United States.

Edward told Tom Cruise about the great success of the press conference. Tom Cruise was very excited, and Watanabe Ken and the other Japanese actors were even more excited.

Mayer also received a call from the mysterious chaebol at the party. As soon as the call was connected, before Mayer could say anything, the other party said with a smile, "Mr. Mayer, you handled the crisis very well this time!

I really look at you in a different light! "

Mayer didn't expect that the other party, who had always been cold and serious, would call to praise her. She said excitedly, "Thank you, Mr. Hada, for your praise. I will definitely continue to work hard!"

"Very good!"

The other party laughed and said, "As long as this film is a great success, I will definitely treat you well in the future!"

Mayer immediately said flatteringly, "Thank you, Mr. Hada. I will do my best to satisfy you!"

Mayer was very clear about the strength of the other party. He was not as simple as the boss of some company. This huge chaebol family's influence in the world was extraordinary. Under the territory of their family, there were more than three to five of the world's top 500 companies. Their comprehensive strength was simply extraordinary.

If she could get Hada's appreciation, she would definitely be able to achieve greater success in the future.

On the other end of the phone, Hada said, "In addition to congratulating you, I also have something to tell you."

Mayer hurriedly said, "Mr. Hada, please speak!"

Hada said, "Since the script of this film is already known to the world, and the leak this time has caused such a great impact, I have decided to increase the investment budget of 60 million dollars. This money can be used to enhance the shooting effect, the post-production, and the publicity and distribution. In short, you must use this 60 million dollars wisely. I want this film to be popular all over the world before it is released!"

Mayer couldn't help but shiver when she heard this. Another 60 million dollars?

That's 200 million dollars. My God, this Hada really doesn't care about the cost!

Is this film really that important to him?

…

Although she didn't understand, Mayer immediately agreed to Hada's request. She promised, "Mr. Hada, don't worry. We will make the best use of this 60 million dollars!"

After the celebratory dinner, Mayer personally sent Edward, who was a little dizzy, back to his home in Los Angeles.

Edward, who was drunk, asked his family to help him book a ticket back to New Zealand the next day. Then, he went back to his bedroom and fell asleep. After almost 48 hours of high tension, he felt that he could finally sleep peacefully.

He didn't know how long he had slept, but Edward's phone suddenly rang.

This was the eighth missed call. On the other end of the phone, Mayer was so scared that her face was pale and her body was trembling.

Edward was finally woken up by the phone call. He answered the phone in a daze. Before he could speak, Mayer asked in an extremely panicked and angry voice, "Edward, what the f * ck are you doing?

Why did you only pick up now?! "

Edward said in a daze, "Mr. Mayer, I was sleeping …"

Mayer suddenly went berserk. "F * ck!

How can you still be in the mood to sleep at a time like this!

Something big has happened!

Hurry to my office!

Right now! "

"What's the hurry?"

"What's the matter?

The sky is falling! "

…