Chapter 24

Less than a minute after Li Mu finished speaking, Zhang Kexuan ran to the lounge, took out 20,000 yuan in cash, and stuffed it directly into Li Mu's arms.

"Mu Ge, you keep the money first. As for the music website, you can order the four of us at any time. Just say the word."

Li Mu couldn't help but be surprised. He didn't even listen to the song, and he gave him 20,000 yuan first?

Well, the more such a person was, the more he could cooperate with him.

"Don't worry about the music website. I haven't started it yet. I'll tell you when I have a prototype."

The four of them nodded like pounding garlic.

Chen Wan felt that her world view had collapsed. The four of them had always been arrogant and unyielding. How could they be completely subdued by an 18-year-old boy?

Especially the drummer, Ye Tianming. His father was one of the most arrogant real estate developers in Jinling. Chen Wan had known him for several years. When had he ever given in to anyone?

But who asked these four rich second-generation heirs to not be rich second-generation heirs, but to have a rock and roll dream?

The most annoying thing was that with the family background of the four of them, if any of them saved some money from their pocket money, it would be enough to hold a national band competition. But they did not. They could use money to buy equipment and songs from Li Mu, but they would not buy a place in the competition. So they had some moral integrity.

Li Mu took the 20,000 yuan and waved his hand. "Give me a pen and paper. I'll write the lyrics for you first."

Although Li Mu could play the guitar a little, to be honest, he did not know how to write music scores. This required a good foundation of music theory and a long period of solfeggio training. Therefore, he could only write down the lyrics and the chord routine. He taught the four of them how to play it first. When they were familiar with the accompaniment, he would teach them how to sing it.

Zhang Kexuan looked at the lyrics and was a little confused. "Mu Ge, I can roughly understand the first part. But 'If I could start over, I would choose Li Bai'. What does this line mean?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "It's just for the rhyme. Why think so much?"

"That's true."

Zhang Kexuan shrugged his shoulders and continued to read with the other three. Although they didn't understand the specific meaning of the lyrics, it seemed to have an obscure rebellious mentality!

In order to lead them to the accompaniment of this song, Li Mu asked Zhang Kexuan to give him the electric guitar so that he could listen and sing.

Fortunately, although these guys' technical ability was very ordinary, their basic accompaniment was still good.

The feeling of Li Ronghao's "Li Bai" came out immediately.

Listening to the prelude of Li Mu and the band, Zhang Kexuan couldn't help clapping and holding the lyrics in his hand, waiting for Li Mu to start singing.

Chen Wan also came over. She was looking forward to Li Mu's "original" song more than the four members of the band.

"Most people want me to learn from the secular perspective; I seriously learned from the secular perspective, secular until dawn …"

Li Mu didn't really like this song. If there was a reason, it was that he didn't really like the lyrics of this song. Although it was enough as a pop song, if you carefully scrutinized the lyrics, it did seem a little forced. However, his melody was still very solid. Not only was it pleasant to listen to, but it also had a sense of rhythm. It was easy for people to follow the beat, and the atmosphere at the scene was very good.

Therefore, when Li Mu just sang the first two lines, Zhang Kexuan was already so excited that he almost jumped up.

In addition to being awesome, it was still awesome!

The other three guys still had to accompany, so they didn't dare to be too presumptuous. But the happiness on their faces was really overflowing.

After Li Mu sang it three times in a row, Zhang Kexuan had almost learned it. This guy had a good sense of music. After Li Mu led him a few times, he was completely familiar with the tune and the beat. All that was left was to find that sloppy feeling.

For the four of the band, they felt that Li Mu's song was better than the previous two. After all, he was a beginner rock and roll youth. It was forgivable that he didn't understand the connotation. But Chen Wan knew more than the four of them. She could feel that this "Li Bai" was actually quite different from the other two folk songs.

When the four of them were rehearsing "Li Bai", Chen Wan quietly asked him why he wrote such a song with such a big difference in style. Li Mu's answer made her speechless.

"'Li Bai' was written when I was in my first year of high school. I was young and impetuous."

What the f * ck.

It wasn't Chen Wan, but Li Mu.

He felt that his skin was getting thicker and thicker.

Chen Wan was also speechless. When he was in his first year of high school, he was frivolous and impetuous. Now he was only in his third year of high school.

What a strange boy …

No, it was a strange, godlike boy …

By the time the four of them were familiar with the practice, it was already five o 'clock in the afternoon. If it wasn't for the fact that Zhang Kexuan's throat couldn't move, he would have continued singing "Li Bai" ten times. Oh, no, twenty times. He felt that this song was too awesome. The main idea of this song was actually similar to "Mom, please take me home quickly." But it was a lot more sophisticated and obscure. Awesome, really awesome.

The four of them put away their instruments. The four of them gathered in a corner to discuss and sent the bass player away. Zhang Kexuan then ran to Li Mu and said with a smile, "Mu Ge, I'll go get those two songs for you. I was so busy with 'Li Bai' that I forgot."

Li Mu was also a little embarrassed. "You guys are all older than me. Just call me Little Mu."

Then, Li Mu said, "How do I address the others?"

The drummer, who had been pretending to be awesome but was completely defeated, reached out his right hand and said, "Mu Ge, my name is Ye Tianming. Just call me Tianming. Don't take it to heart."

Another guitarist also reached out his hand. "Mu Ge, my name is Xia Tian. That's Xia Tian."

Li Mu shook hands with them one by one and said politely, "Just call me Little Mu. Otherwise, I won't dare to come again."

Then he asked, "Hey, where's the guy playing the bass?"

Zhang Kexuan said, "His name is Gu Wei. He went out to do something and will be back soon."

As Zhang Kexuan spoke, he quickly took out the two songs of Li Mu and made a few discs of them. He also made a few discs of MP3 and WMV formats.

After he finished, the bass player, Gu Wei, came back with a kraft paper bag in his hand and gave it to Zhang Kexuan.

Zhang Kexuan opened it and took a look. Then he pushed the bag in front of Li Mu and said sincerely, "There are 60,000 yuan in it. The four of us have discussed it. It's not appropriate to give 20,000 yuan for such a good song. Twenty thousand yuan for each of us."

Li Mu was a little puzzled. He didn't take it and waited for Zhang Kexuan to continue.

Zhang Kexuan blushed and hesitated for a moment. He said, "Well … it's like this. The four of us think that the band should participate in the competition with an original song, so …"

Li Mu understood instantly.

Zhang Kexuan wanted the authorship of Li Bai's song.

To be honest, it was neither expensive nor cheap to buy a good song for 80,000 yuan. But it was sold to a singer. For example, if a singer sang Li Mu's song, although the copyright belonged to the singer or his record company, and the song was included in his album, the cover, lyrics, and the name of the songwriter in the MV must be written: "Lyrics: Li Mu, Composer: Li Mu". The authorship was very important, representing the lineage of the song's creation.

Chen Wan understood the meaning of the form and felt that he had gone too far. She said discontentedly, "Brother, Li Mu is very generous to let you sing his song. How can you do this?"

Zhang Kexuan also felt embarrassed.

Wasn't this for the sake of face? Thinking about it carefully, all bands were original songs. Which band would ask others to write songs for them?

How embarrassing it would be to say that. Domestic black panther Tang Dynasty overloaded, foreign metal gun nirvana. Other people covered songs, but in addition to the covers of the classics, the rest were all original songs!

Li Mu thought for a moment and asked calmly, "If I write songs for you in the future, you must want the authorship, right?"

Zhang Kexuan's expression was extremely embarrassed. He lowered his head and said, "Mu Ge, you can ask for the money!"

Li Mu nodded and said lightly, "It's not impossible, but in this case, the music website will depend on you to pay for it."

Since they were going to participate in the national competition, there would be several rounds of regional competitions and one or two rounds of finals, which would require at least three or four songs. If Li Mu gave all the rights of signature to them, he must also get the corresponding compensation.

When Zhang Kexuan heard this, he immediately said, "Hey, I thought it was nothing. It's okay, just tell us. As for the music website, we will pay for it. The shares are all yours!"