Chapter 255

Li Mu's interview was nothing new to Tan Yaocheng. Today was nothing more than an inspection by a new leader. At first, he didn't think much of it, but after a closer look, he immediately heard some clues.

Li Mu said on TV that in order to solve the payment problem of 3321, they developed an online payment platform. This was a little interesting.

Tan Yaocheng didn't think too much about the significance of an online payment platform. What he thought was, where on earth did Li Mu find someone to develop the platform?

Based on his understanding of Li Mu, a smart person like Li Mu wouldn't spend money to find a outsourcing company to develop the platform. Moreover, outsourcing companies lacked control, and a person like Li Mu who wanted to be in control would never cooperate with an outsourcing company.

There was only one possibility left. This payment platform was developed by Makino Technology's team.

Speaking of which, it didn't matter much. With an on-site team, it wasn't a big deal to let them develop another product. The problem was that Makino Technology didn't belong to Li Mu alone. He used Mu Ye's team to develop a new product, and this product wasn't for Makino Technology itself. This was a little problematic.

However, Tan Yaocheng hadn't seen what kind of payment platform Li Mu had developed yet, so he couldn't think too much about it. However, if this product had a future, Baidu would definitely ask for the payment platform to be included under Makino Technology. If Li Mu refused, Baidu would certainly not argue with him because of this. They just wanted to have something on him to gain more initiative in future investment negotiations.

After watching the interview, Tan Yaocheng called Li Mu. First, they chatted for a minute or two. Then, he led the topic to the payment platform and asked Li Mu, "I saw the TV interview. You made an online payment platform?"

Li Mu admitted it openly. "That's right."

Tan Yaocheng pretended to be curious and asked with a smile, "Why did you make such a platform without saying a word?

Was it specially made for 3321? "

Li Mu said lightly, "No, I registered a new company, and the payment platform is under that shell company."

Tan Yaocheng immediately sat up straight. Another company?

You didn't tell us?

Does that mean they have nothing to do with us in terms of capital?

However, your development team is clearly Mu Ye's people, so that's a little unfair.

Tan Yaocheng thought about it.

He smiled and said, "If the technical team of Makino Technology can't handle it, just give us a call. Our technical reserves are still very strong, and they can help a lot."

Tan Yaocheng's words were polite, but there was a deeper meaning in his words.

He said that if the technical team of Makino Technology couldn't handle it, he should call them. What he meant was that Li Mu used Makino Technology's resources to develop the payment platform. He didn't really want to get to the bottom of it. He just wanted to remind Li Mu: We know you are using everyone's resources to do your own thing.

When Li Mu heard this, he naturally knew what he meant.

However, he actually responded to Tan Yaocheng's words and said with a smile, "It just so happens that I have made a development plan for the next step of Makino Technology. It has been finalized and ready to be implemented. If you are interested, I will bring it to you tomorrow. I will need your development power in the future."

Tan Yaocheng asked in surprise, "A new development plan?

Are you going to make a new move? "

"Of course."

Li Mu smiled in high spirits and said, "If this plan is implemented, it will be enough to push Makino Technology to the top domestic Internet company in one fell swoop!"

Tan Yaocheng was delighted. Could it be that this kid had a new idea?

If he could make a product similar to Tieba, then Makino Technology would probably really become the top domestic Internet company.

So Tan Yaocheng hurriedly asked, "When do you have time?

Let's find time to meet! "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Let's meet tomorrow.

"Then let's do it tomorrow. I'll go to your company first thing in the morning."

Tan Yaocheng asked, "Don't you have class tomorrow?"

"Yes, but I don't have to go."

Tan Yaocheng immediately said, "Okay, I will call our CEO now and ask him to come and talk with us tomorrow."

Li Mu was shocked and thought to himself, "Is it possible that I will see Brother Li tomorrow?

In the future, I will finally see one of the two Ma and one Li in the Internet BTA pattern?

Why don't I feel excited at all? "

Li Mu smiled embarrassedly and made an appointment with Tan Yaocheng at 9: 30 tomorrow morning. Then he hung up the phone and went to Baidu tomorrow.

It was better to appear more formal, so he prepared to go back to the dormitory to sleep. He could bring his laptop with him tomorrow morning.

The guys in Dormitory 606 had been very busy recently. Every weekend, they would travel all over the country to help students.

The first two times were fine, but after doing it several times in a row, they felt exhausted. When this group of people came back this afternoon, they went into the dormitory like corpses. They didn't even have the strength to eat dinner. Only Hu Zhengdao gritted his teeth and insisted on running to see Wang Yanan and her mother.

The other four were all lying on the bed.

When Li Mu came, Sun Jian was lying on the bed and said to Li Mu, "The few of us discussed for a while. In the future, we can't go to school every week. We will run ourselves to death. Why don't you talk to Senior Sister Ai and set up a team in the future? Everyone can take turns to do it."

The other three also agreed. Li Yawei said with a sad face, "Mu Ge, when the plane landed, the few of us wanted to stay on the plane and not leave. It was too tiring. I haven't accompanied my wife for a few weekends."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I didn't say that you guys must go every week in the future. Who knew that you guys would be so diligent every week. I thought you guys enjoyed the process."

Liu Nian said, "I enjoyed it at first, but then I was too busy."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Just let Senior Sister Ai handle this matter. The funds that come in from 3321 every week is much more than what we spend to go to school. We can just get a professional team to handle it."

The four of them breathed a sigh of relief, but they also felt a little guilty for not being able to persist. Li Mu changed the topic and said, "I haven't organized a party for a long time. I'm staying with Yawei's wife in the dorm. Do you want me to take care of it?"

Li Yawei sat up from the bed and said to Li Mu seriously, "You should have taken care of it long ago!

If you don't take care of it, I'm afraid that Zhao Ziqiu will be chased away. "

Li Mu frowned and asked, "What's going on?"

"Someone is chasing after Zhao Ziqiu," Li Yawei said.

"My wife told me that there's a guy who's chasing after Zhao Ziqiu very fiercely. He's handsome, rich, and a straight-A student. He's been in Yanjing University for more than a year, and a lot of girls are throwing themselves at him. There's no scandal about him. He's definitely the most handsome guy in the school. People give him the nickname 'Girl Harvester'."

Li Mu asked him, "Is it that mysterious?"

Li Yawei nodded and said, "He knows about it too. Yanan told him. Why don't you ask Jianfeng? I don't know if his family's Chen Qiao told him."

Xue Jianfeng continued, "She did. It's said that the guy is much better than Li Mu in all aspects."

Liu Nian was stunned and asked, "Is he more handsome than Mu Ge?"

Xue Jianfeng nodded and said, "He's a little more handsome than him, but not by much. It's about 16,000 times."

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Go to hell. Can you tell me how you calculated such an accurate number?"

Xue Jianfeng laughed out loud and said, "This old man has calculated this number with just a pinch of my fingers. Moreover, his temperament is twenty thousand times better than yours. It is said that he has never used profanity, unlike you, who is old all day long."

Li Mu kicked Xue Jianfeng's bed frame and said, "A bunch of men are more gossipy than an old woman."

Xue Jianfeng said, "Yawei isn't gossiping. I'm just reminding you not to be too picky. In the end, you might not even be able to find someone you can barely deal with. Zhao Ziqiu is such a good girl. She's beautiful, sensible, kind, and it's said that her family is rich. What's wrong with you? Why are you so indifferent?"

Li Yawei sat on the top bunk and lifted her leg, saying, "Jianfeng, you're missing something. Big breasts!"

Xue Jianfeng nodded his head vigorously, "Yes, yes, yes. Big breasts and a good figure. She's the best in the world!"

Li Yawei pretended to be unhappy and said, "What do you mean by 'the best'?

She's the best in the world! "

Xue Jianfeng nodded again and again, "Yes, yes. She's the best in the world."

Li Mu sighed, "It's a waste of your talent if you don't do crosstalk. I'll send you to the bridge to do crosstalk!"

Li Yawei curled her lips, "Don't change the topic. We're trying to guide you. Ziqiu is such a good girl. If you miss her, you'll regret it for the rest of your life."

Xue Jianfeng echoed, "More than a lifetime. You won't be able to recover even if you spend two lifetimes."

Li Mu was more or less embarrassed. He didn't know why these two kept mentioning Zhao Ziqiu to him today. It didn't seem to be the first time this had happened. However, he really didn't know how to deal with Zhao Ziqiu's feelings at the moment. It wasn't that Li Mu didn't like her. On the contrary, it was because he liked her that he was so cautious. This wasn't like meeting a girl in a nightclub and playing 419. This was a girl's feelings. If he wasn't careful, he might hurt the other party.

In fact, both Li Yawei and Xue Jianfeng felt sorry for Li Mu. In their eyes, no woman was more suitable for Li Mu than Zhao Ziqiu. This woman could be said to be perfect in all aspects.

Sun Jian saw Li Mu's awkwardness and came out to smooth things over, "Don't blindly command Li Mu. He still has that classmate from the same hometown. She's his childhood sweetheart. Her emotional foundation is definitely better than Zhao Ziqiu's."

Li Yawei nodded, "Yes, I admit that Su Yingxue is not worse than Zhao Ziqiu in all aspects. But don't you think she's too cold?

Other than smiling when she's with Mu Ge, she basically doesn't have any expression when she sees her. "

Sun Jian said, "Does she have to cry and smile when she's walking, eating, and reading?"

Li Yawei waved her hand and said, "I didn't mean that. It's just a feeling. Do you understand?"