Chapter 1634

It was the first time that Li Mu took the dog to the screen, and it attracted a lot of attention, affection, and popularity from the global media.

On the Internet and in the media reports, they all praised Li Mu for his love for the dog, and he was very responsible and caring. In their eyes, Li Mu couldn't bear to leave the dog at home and couldn't bear to entrust it to others, so he took it with him wherever he went.

In fact, they didn't know that Li Mu's original plan was to entrust the dog to Wei Lan to take care of, but Wei Lan gave him such an idea to bring the dog to Yun Province, so that one person and one dog could increase each other's exposure.

When it came to the control and understanding of the operation, Wei Lan's understanding and insights were even more profound than Li Mu's.

As a person who was reborn more than ten years later, Li Mu had experienced the flourishing development of the entire era of traffic, and he had also experienced the exaggeration, traffic, variety show, and all kinds of wind in the entertainment industry. But he didn't know that people and dogs could be hyped up for each other.

However, Wei Lan was keenly aware of this.

After Li Mu saw a large number of users on social media who were particularly popular about him taking the dog out, he couldn't believe it. Why did such a small thing deserve so much attention?

There were countless people who took dogs out every day. Why did everyone pay so much attention and praise him for taking the dog out?

After careful analysis, Li Mu realized that he had overlooked a very important point, which was that the construction of any public figure's image was constantly adding points.

For example, a star with a good appearance would add points; a good acting skill would add points; a good singing voice could also add points.

However, there were so many stars in the entertainment industry. If they weren't an extremely outstanding group of people, it was difficult to stand out by relying on these points alone. That's why in more than ten years, all kinds of hyping methods were born.

Some people added points by dressing up, some people added points by selling their feelings, some people added points by pretending to be stupid, cute, dumb, and clever, and some people added points by children, pets, and good deeds. In short, if you want to constantly improve your public image, you must start from all aspects and use all available resources and opportunities to realize your bonus points.

Moreover, it wasn't just Li Mu who got bonus points. This Corgi puppy, which had just been weaned, also suddenly got a lot of attention and suddenly became the most famous dog in the world.

The dog's popularity brought the Corgi dog breed on a global scale. For a time, Corgi became extremely popular all over the world, and the price was constantly rising. It became the first choice of dog owners. It was said that in the first-tier cities of Hua Xia, the price of Corgi had been inflated to more than ten thousand yuan in a very short time.

The same thing happened once in the history of the United States. When the movie 101 Loyal Dogs was released, it set off a craze for raising Dalmatians in the United States. However, that craze quickly cooled down because of the lively personality and exuberant energy of Dalmatians. Most American families found that they couldn't stand the habits of Dalmatians after raising Dalmatians. It was said that among the dogs abandoned in American society at that time, Dalmatians became the largest breed.

Fortunately, Corgi was still a time-tested pet dog breed, and it wouldn't be quickly abandoned like Dalmatians.

When Corgi became popular, even the Windsor family had a wave of exposure because of it.

Because Corgi was the Queen's favorite breed for many years, after Li Mu's lead, Corgi was quickly popularized. Therefore, the British and Europeans were also very fond of this dog breed that the royal family loved very much. BBC even contacted Buckingham Palace immediately, hoping to interview the Queen and her Corgi. They even wanted to make a documentary about the Queen and Corgi.

Buckingham Palace agreed to BBC's two requests almost without any consideration. So BBC sent a team of reporters to Buckingham Palace for an interview. At the same time, they immediately formed a documentary team to start polishing the script and preparing for filming.

…

Li Mu stayed at the shooting site for two days. On the second day, he watched some of the sample footage of Flying Tigers with Spielberg's company.

This film didn't have any post-production, and it wasn't even edited. Whether it was the picture, the setting, the lighting, or the performance of the actors, it could be said to be perfect.

Spielberg's entire production team was strong enough, and the core cast, with Tom Hanks and Leonardo as the main members, also performed very well. Even Du Wei, who had the least acting experience, under Spielberg's guidance, didn't show any signs of acting. Her performance was remarkable.

After watching these materials, Li Mu was even more confident about this film.

Then, Li Mu followed the filming team to the shooting site to watch Du Wei's last scene.

This scene was not only the last set of scenes for Du Wei, but also the last set of scenes for the entire film.

This scene took place in the modern world, where the main characters were already old. Du Wei played the role of Hua Xia, a peasant girl from Yun Province. In the film, she fell in love with Leonardo because of the war. After the war ended, she followed Leonardo back to America. When she became old, she followed Leonardo back to visit her old comrades.

In the film, Anne Hathaway's character fell in love with the pilot Hua Xia, played by Liu Ye. After Liu Ye died for his country, she returned to America alone to spend the rest of her life alone. Decades later, she followed Leonardo and Du Wei's characters back to Hua Xia, the place where they had fought side by side, shed blood, and found love.

When the old Leonardo and Du Wei supported each other and paid their respects in front of the Flying Tigers's mausoleum, the old Anne Hathaway came to Liu Ye's tombstone with a photo of him when he was young and shed tears alone. That was the end of the film.

The last set of scenes was shot in the newly renovated Flying Tigers' cemetery. This cemetery was donated by the Flying Tigers' production team to the Undying Veterans Foundation. With the support of the local government, they spent a few million yuan to move the mausoleums of all the Flying Tigers that they could find. Now, the foundation was starting to take shape.

Later on, they planned to build a cemetery for the Flying Tigers. All the Flying Tigers who were buried in Yun Province would be moved there. The cemetery would also be open to all the Flying Tigers who were buried in other places. Their children and relatives could decide if they wanted to be buried there or not. If they chose to be buried there, all the funeral expenses would be covered by the Undying Veterans Foundation.

Li Mu followed the production team's car to the cemetery. The crew was already ready to shoot.

The actors arrived earlier than Li Mu. There were a total of 16 actors participating in this scene. Among them, the main actors were the old Leonardo, Du Wei, and Anne Hathaway. Apart from them, there were also 15 extras who would play the role of people who came to visit the cemetery.

When Li Mu arrived, the three main actors were putting on makeup in a tent specially used for makeup. Because they were going to wear old age clothes this time, it would take a long time to do the makeup.

While waiting for the shooting, Li Mu took a tour of the newly built cemetery under the guidance of Ning Hao. Ning Hao introduced to him, "Li Zong, more than 50 members of the Flying Tigers have been buried in this cemetery. Since it was announced to the public, more than 20 relatives of the Flying Tigers who have died in China have taken the initiative to contact the management, hoping that these Flying Tigers can be buried here. There are already volunteers closely following up this work, and several old Flying Tigers who are still alive have expressed to the management that they hope to be buried here after they die."

Li Mu nodded and looked at the simple but exceptionally solemn graves and tombstones. He sighed and said, "They probably also hope to be able to rest with their comrades."

"Yes." Ning Hao said, "Do you still remember the two old men, Sun Xiaozhong and Han Zili?"

"Of course!"

Li Mu immediately said, "When volunteers went to the Shiwan Mountains to look for Old Mr. Sun Xiaozhong, I went with them. Later, he reunited with his old comrade, Old Mr. Han Zili, and I was also there."

Ning Hao said, "Both of them are also among these people. I hope that after they die in the future, they can rest here forever."

As he spoke, Ning Hao added, "There are also several old members of the Flying Tigers in the United States who have expressed their hope to be buried here after they die. Most of them have no relatives in the United States, and their lives are relatively poor."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Since the old man has this idea, we will naturally support him unconditionally. Go back and tell the actual management that if there are any financial difficulties in the future, they can contact you directly. At that time, the funds will be borne by Makino Image."

Ning Hao hurriedly said, "Okay, Li Zong, I got it."

As he spoke, Ning Hao suddenly remembered something and said to Li Mu, "By the way, Li Zong, among our 15 extras today, there are four old Flying Tigers from Hua Xia and their families, a total of nine people. Among the remaining six, there are two American Flying Tigers specially invited from the United States and their families. That is to say, these 15 'extras' are all real Flying Tigers and their families. In the later stage, each of their names and introductions will be added to the film."

Li Mu sighed and said, "They are all old Flying Tigers and their families?

This is so meaningful!

Whose idea was it? "

"Director Spielberg's idea," Ning Hao said, "By the way, Old Mr. Sun Xiaozhong and Old Mr. Han Zili are also among them."

"Really?" Li Mu asked in surprise, "Where are they?"