Chapter 420

That afternoon, Ma Weiwei received a message from Zhan Yun in her office.

"Get off work early. I'll go to your place tonight."

Ma Weiwei frowned when she saw the message. She then replied, "I'm not in a good mood. Let's do it another day!"

Zhan Yun's tone was forceful, "No, let's do it tonight!"

"My period is here!"

"Impossible!"

"It's really here!"

"Don't lie to me. You never wear light-colored pants when you're on your period!

You've never worn light-colored pants in the past few years! "

Ma Weiwei lowered her head and saw that she was indeed wearing a pair of white pants today. She immediately felt a headache coming on.

She did have this habit. When she was a student, she was traumatized by an unexpected period and a pair of light-colored pants. Since then, she had developed a habit of never wearing light-colored pants and skirts during her period. After experiencing one of the biggest embarrassments of a woman, she never wanted to experience it a second time in her life.

Zhan Yun had maintained a private relationship with her for a long time, so it wasn't surprising for him to notice this detail.

Ma Weiwei used the same excuse she used before, "I'm really not in a good mood. Can we do it another day?"

Zhan Yun was furious, "You use this excuse every day. Who do you think I am?

I want you to accompany me. Do I have to beg you??? "

Zhan Yun rarely used punctuation in his messages. If he used three exclamation marks or three question marks in a row, it usually meant that he was really in a bad mood. After such a long time, even though Ma Weiwei didn't have any feelings for him, she still had some understanding of him. As a mistress, the most important thing was to understand his emotions. She had been in a bad mood recently. She originally thought that Zhan Yun would understand part of it. Once she adjusted her mood, she would coax him a little and put on a good performance. Then, everything would be over. But looking at his current state, Ma Weiwei knew that she couldn't fool him anymore.

So, Ma Weiwei sighed and replied, "Fine, I'll leave after work. Come over directly."

Zhan Yun, who was in his office, saw Ma Weiwei's message and finally calmed down a little. Then, he took out his keys and opened the cabinet in his office. He took out a folded and taped handbag from inside.

Zhan Yun opened the bag to reveal a pink nurse's uniform inside. These days, sex toys had yet to become a trend in China. However, uniform seduction had long been prevalent in Japan's love and action movies. It wasn't easy for Zhan Yun to find a labor protection clothing store and muster the courage to buy a proper nurse's uniform. His mind had long been fantasizing about Ma Weiwei wearing it and lying on the bed, allowing him to do whatever he wanted. After waiting for so many days, his dream was finally going to come true.

Therefore, he called his wife and told her, "Wife, why don't you pick up the kids and eat out tonight? I have to go to the north to have dinner with a few entrepreneur friends."

"Then don't drink too much. If you drink too much, don't drive. Ask the restaurant to arrange for someone to drive you, or take a taxi back."

Zhan Yun's wife didn't suspect anything. Ever since her husband climbed to the top, he was obviously busier than before. There were often directors, producers, and actors looking for him for dinner. There were even some entrepreneurs who liked to rope him in. Zhan Yun also earned a lot of gray income from this, so his wife was very supportive of his "social" activities. A few days ago, she bought a new house for her parents. She had become the most successful one among her siblings. This was all because of Zhan Yun's power. She naturally understood the importance of this "social" activity.

Zhan Yun smiled and said, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Just as he was about to hang up, his wife said coquettishly, "My driver's license has been off for two months. When are you going to buy me a car?

If you buy me a car, I can drive to pick you up if I have to go out to socialize again. "

This was what Zhan Yun was afraid of. If he really bought her a car, he would find the same excuse in the future. What if she insisted on picking him up?

After he left Ma Weiwei's house, he couldn't possibly run to some restaurant or clubhouse, secretly smelling of alcohol, and wait for her to pick him up.

Don't f * cking talk nonsense. He was willing to pay for her parents to buy a house. Wasn't it to let her be satisfied for the time being and not mention buying a car again?

So, Zhan Yun said, "You should keep a low profile when you spend money. You just bought a house for your parents a while ago, and you spent more than 800,000 yuan in one go. Now, you want to buy a car. It's fine if you buy a house because you put your parents' names on it. But if you buy a car and we each have a car, what will people say?

My monthly salary is only about 10,000 yuan, and you only get a few thousand a month. Wouldn't it be too conspicuous to have two cars? "

When Zhan Yun mentioned buying a house and the conspicuous matter of buying a car, his wife instantly wilted. She was already very happy that Zhan Yun was willing to spend such a large sum of money on her parents. Now that Zhan Yun mentioned it again, she really felt that it was a bit too much of her to mention buying a car at this time. So, with a self-reflective tone, she said, "Hubby, don't be angry. I didn't think it through. I'm sorry, I won't mention it again."

Zhan Yun also knew how to give her a way out. He said lightly, "It's not that we can't buy a car, but it's not the right time yet. Don't think too much about it. I know what I'm doing."

With that said, Zhan Yun's wife's mood improved a lot. She immediately smiled and said, "Hubby, you're the best. Thank you, hubby. Muah, muah, muah!"

When Zhan Yun heard the muah sounds coming from the phone, his brows furrowed, and his mouth curled up to the sky. Whenever he thought about how his faded old woman would deliberately act coquettishly, he felt a headache coming on. It was just like the saying, ugly people always cause trouble.

In the end, Ma Weiwei was still the best. She was young, beautiful, and had a great figure. Most importantly, she was obedient. From head to toe, he could develop wherever he wanted, and he could develop however he wanted. Ma Weiwei had always been obedient. Of course, she had been in a bad mood recently, so it was understandable that she was a little resistant.

Stroking the pink nurse uniform, Zhan Yun's face was full of smiles, and he couldn't help but feel impulsive.

…

Ma Weiwei got off work and drove away from the TV station on time. However, she didn't know that the moment she stepped out of the TV station, she was being watched.

As one of the top private detectives in Beijing, Xu Jianjun couldn't guarantee high quality service for his clients. In fact, he had a team of nearly ten people, and more than half of them were soldiers that he had led when he was a sergeant in the army. Xu Jianjun was originally a scout in the Beijing Garrison Army. After he retired from the army, he was accidentally brought into the ranks of private detectives to earn money. He immediately felt that he had found a place to put his skills to use. At first, he worked with others, but later on, he worked alone. Later on, a few of the soldiers he had led also retired one after another, and they were all recruited by him and became his right-hand men.

With the professional qualities of a scout, quasi-military management, and the support of high-end equipment, Xu Jianjun's team, which was both strong in hardware and software, grew rapidly. However, Xu Jianjun was a very cautious person. He never let his client see his team members, and he never told his team members about his client's information. His team members would only know who to follow and investigate when they were carrying out a mission, but even after they had completed the mission and received their share of the reward, they still wouldn't know who had hired them. This was also where Xu Jianjun was very professional.

The handset in the car was equipped with a relay station, and their team could communicate with each other in real time within Beijing. The news that Ma Weiwei had left the company and was heading home was immediately sent to Xu Jianjun. He also hurriedly ordered his subordinates to drive a specially modified van to the vicinity of Ma Weiwei's home.

As expected, Ma Weiwei drove all the way home. She didn't make any stops along the way and directly drove into the neighborhood where she lived. After parking the car in the underground parking lot, she immediately locked the car and went upstairs to go home.

Xu Jianjun was already in position. He asked his subordinates to park the car in a small alley, and he sat in the fully enclosed rear compartment. The interior of the car had been modified to have a radio signal receiving and transmitting system installed at the bottom of the seat. At the same time, it was also connected to a set of decoding equipment and a laptop.

Xu Jianjun put on the earmuffs and turned on the receiver. After fiddling with the computer for a while, he immediately received two images. Both images were of Ma Weiwei's home. One was of the living room, and the other was of the master bedroom.

Two to three minutes later, Ma Weiwei returned home. Xu Jianjun could clearly see the door open and the lights turned on. After a moment of white, the camera adjusted to the new lighting and captured the living room very clearly.

After returning home, Ma Weiwei took off her shoes and jacket in exhaustion. Then, she went to the bedroom and changed into a set of pajamas. Xu Jianjun witnessed the entire process of her changing, but he was very good at controlling his emotions and did not have any emotional fluctuations.

After changing into her pajamas, Ma Weiwei walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Just as she turned on the television, her phone rang. Xu Jianjun heard her say into the phone, "I'm home. Where are you?"

Then, Ma Weiwei said, "Alright, I'll go take a shower first. Come up when you're home. The spare key is still in the same place."

Then, after waiting for the other party to finish speaking, Ma Weiwei frowned impatiently. However, her tone didn't change at all as she said, "Don't worry, I won't use any perfume. I'll use a non-fragrant shower gel. It won't leave any scent on your body."

After saying that, Ma Weiwei hung up the phone and angrily threw it on the sofa. Then, she stood up and headed straight for the bathroom.

Xu Jianjun was very professional. He didn't install any listening devices or cameras in the bathroom.