Chapter 495

Under the influence of alcohol, Chen Wan said what she had never dared to say in the past, causing Li Mu's heart to be in a mess. However, he could not say a single word to reject Chen Wan.

Unconsciously, Li Mu reached out and gently held Chen Wan in his arms. At this moment, he suddenly thought deeply and sighed inwardly, "This may be the fate between me and Chen Wan, and it's a fate that spanned two lifetimes."

In his previous life, Chen Wan had hit him with a car. That was the only interaction between the two of them. In this life, the scene of her injuring him had become the starting point for his rebirth. If the opportunity of rebirth was a great fortune, Li Mu did not know whether his rebirth was his fortune or Chen Wan's fortune. If he thought about it carefully, he had been ordinary for more than ten years. There were countless people like him or even less than him. Why did he have to be given this fortune? And why did he have to be reborn in the second year after Chen Wan's unexpected death?

After getting to know Chen Wan again and understanding this woman, Li Mu gradually felt the softness she brought to him from the depths of his heart. Under the influence of Chen Wan's kind and pure nature, Li Mu felt that if the heavens had eyes, they should not have given such an impeccable woman such a lonely and regretful ending in his previous life.

Li Mu sighed. Perhaps all this was really Chen Wan's fortune. Her experience made the heavens feel pity for her, so they chose him to come back in a time machine, so that he could give her a happy and beautiful future.

This kind of fate that spanned two lifetimes and reversed time and space, if measured by ten years of cultivating together on a boat and a hundred years of cultivating together on a pillow, would not be something that could be achieved in several lifetimes.

Since she really loved him and he had her in his heart, if he could really hold up the sky for her in the future, why should he let her down?

Chen Wan, who was half-drunk and half-awake, was held in Li Mu's arms. She snuggled up to him tightly and gently hugged his waist. She said to him, "If you want me to be a strong woman, I can work hard to do that. Actually, being a strong woman is pretty good. It doesn't matter if you're a little tired. At least you can live a fulfilling life. If you're busy with your career every day, you can ignore a lot of things. Even when you're in your thirties or forties, you don't have to get married and you can secretly love someone for a long time …"

Li Mu said softly, "I don't want you to be a strong woman. I just feel that since being a host is your dream, I will help you realize this dream more thoroughly and let you go further on the road of your dream."

Chen Wan asked, "If I say that no matter what method I use to realize it, being with you is my greatest dream, will you be willing to help me realize it?"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "I am willing."

With that, Li Mu hugged her even tighter.

Chen Wan closed her eyes and softly hummed a line of lyrics, "If this is a dream, I'm willing to sleep forever and never wake up …"

Li Mu said, "If you feel that being a strong woman is too stressful, then don't do it. This is my fault. I've been so busy pushing this matter that I forgot to ask you what you really think." Chen Wan said, "I don't feel that the pressure is too great.

I'm just afraid that you'll drift further and further away from me. I don't really want you to be with me legally and legitimately. I just only have you in my heart, and I'm always with you. Although I've never been in a relationship, I know that I'm a woman who is satisfied with her feelings. I'm afraid that my heart won't be able to hold anyone other than you. If in the future you feel sorry for me, then let me be your lover. I won't have any complaints even if I live a nameless life. If one day you don't love me anymore, or if I don't love you anymore, then I'll leave quietly and live in a different way. "

Li Mu asked her, "Why in the future and not now?"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Because you haven't grown up yet, and I still have to focus on being the strong woman you want me to be."

With that, Chen Wan looked at Li Mu's Yan Jing and said, "If you want me to be a strong woman, then I'll do my best to not let you down. Then if I also want you to do something for me, would you be willing?"

Li Mu nodded, "Tell me."

Chen Wan raised her head and looked at Li Mu. She reached out her hand and caressed Li Mu's face, saying emotionally, "I want you to become stronger, so strong that even if the whole world knows that I'm your lover in the future, no one will look down on me, and no one will gossip about me."

Li Mu said, "I'll definitely work hard and do my best."

Chen Wan's fingertips caressed Li Mu's face and smiled like a flower, "Also, don't call me sister in the future."

Li Mu asked, "Then what should I call you?"

Chen Wan said, "Up to you, as long as you don't call me sister. In the first month that I met you, I really liked it when you called me that, but after the first month, I didn't like it at all."

Li Mu said, "Okay, then I won't call you that in the future."

Chen Wan nodded and rubbed her temples, "My head hurts."

Li Mu said, "There were two bottles of wine in total, and you drank more than one. It would be strange if your head didn't hurt."

Chen Wan pouted, "Wine makes a coward brave. If I didn't drink, I would still be your sister. I drank, and I said, at least I'll be your future lover."

Li Mu said, "From tomorrow onwards, your name will be known throughout the country. I'm under a lot of pressure."

Chen Wan smiled, "You deserve it. You created this yourself, so you have to think of a way to solve this problem."

Li Mu nodded seriously, "First, I'll work hard to grow up, and then work hard to make myself stronger."

Chen Wan's face was flushed, "I'm not in a hurry at all."

After saying that, she couldn't help but stretch and yawn, "My head is getting dizzy, I want to sleep."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll help you to the bedroom."

Chen Wan said, "I'm afraid I'll fall asleep as soon as I close my eyes. What will you do?"

Li Mu said, "It's okay, I can …"

Before he finished speaking, Chen Wan already couldn't resist the effects of the alcohol, and she subconsciously closed her eyes, immediately falling into a state of unconsciousness. Her body gradually lost balance, and she fell head first into Li Mu's embrace. Li Mu just barely managed to support her, and asked her dumbfoundedly, "You fell asleep just like that?"

Chen Wan didn't respond at all, so Li Mu tried calling out, "Sister?"

There was still no response, and it seemed like she really couldn't take it anymore.

Li Mu sighed softly, carried her horizontally, and gently placed her on the bed in the bedroom. Then, he went to the bathroom to get a wet towel, and helped her wipe her face, hands, and feet. Seeing that she was sleeping peacefully and deeply, Li Mu leaned against the door frame for a long time without moving.

It really wasn't easy to have a woman like this treat him like this in this life. Regardless of whether her heart would change in the future, he shouldn't let her suffer any harm. If she needed him, he was willing to protect her for a lifetime.

Since he was looking at her for a lifetime, there was no need to rush what was in front of him. Even if Chen Wan, who was sleeping soundly on the bed at this moment, made Li Mu's heart move a thousand times and ten thousand times …

Chen Wan fell asleep. Li Mu dragged the network cable and surfed the Internet in Chen Wan's living room until the latter half of the night.

Li Mu looked at Chen Wan's Tieba forum. In just one night, her Tieba forum had gained more than a million fans, and the number of posts had also reached a few hundred thousand. Most of the data only started to increase after 8: 30 pm, but in just three and a half hours, her Tieba forum had the highest number of data increases in the entire day.

The users of the Tieba forum were full of praise for Chen Wan. It had been a long time since there was a host with such an elegant and generous hosting style, and at the same time, able to display her entertainment genes without any sense of awkwardness. Although Li Xiang was very famous, the feeling she gave people was a little pretentious, and she lacked a true sense of entertainment. The rest of the famous female hosts, most of them could only have one label. They were either beautiful, or had a personality, or were intellectual, or something else. In comparison, Chen Wan, who had just debuted, was more well-rounded.

Someone used the method of transcribing the program's video and immediately took a screenshot of Chen Wan's perfect moments in the first episode. After posting it on Tieba forum, it attracted a large number of users to download it.

Chen Wan's influence did not stop there. Some viewers liked her too much, and could not watch the rerun of "Happy Camp", so they could only download the video file of "Old Boys" on the Easy Listening website. In the past seven days, "Old Boys" had an average daily download of about 3000 times, and from 8: 30 pm to 12: 00 pm, the number of downloads had reached more than 50,000. It was enough to show how much influence she had on users.

Although Chen Wan did not seem to be very interested in becoming a top female host, Li Mu was still proud of the results she had achieved. No matter what, it was the best proof of Chen Wan's ability.

Not only Chen Wan's Tieba forum, but even Happy Camp's Tieba forum also benefited from it. A large number of viewers posted on Happy Camp's Tieba forum, praising that this episode had exceeded everyone's expectations. Especially the new version of the game, it was praised to the heavens.

Without a doubt, "Who's Undercover" was a game that was crazily sought after by television viewers. Such a new and interesting, interactive and entertaining game mode made almost all the viewers' eyes light up. At the same time, it also made the other satellite channels green with envy. Everyone was in this industry, so they knew very well the charm of this new mode. Not to mention other things, just this game alone was enough for Happy Camp to survive for two to three years.

While they were green with envy, the success of the new episode of "Happy Camp" and the extremely high ratings of "Who's Undercover" had given the other television stations a lot of motivation to innovate. After all, a new game mode could receive so much recognition from the users. This made the other television stations start to think hard, hoping to be like "Happy Camp" and find a game mode that could stand out in the eyes of the audience.

Li Mu closed his computer and took a nap on the sofa in Chen Wan's living room.

The next day, when Li Mu opened his eyes, it was already nine in the morning. He pushed open the door to Chen Wan's bedroom. She was still sleeping soundly.

Li Mu did not eat well last night. When he woke up, he was so hungry that his chest was sticking to his back. However, because Chen Wan's house was often empty, the fridge was empty. Li Mu took Chen Wan's keys and went downstairs to buy some bread and milk, a piece of butter, and a small box of eggs.