Chapter 1239

"Veterans don't die?"

This was the first time Wei Lan had heard of this phrase. She asked with some surprise, "Are you going to make it a nationwide charity event?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "When I was in the United States, I told you that American society has been very stable for hundreds of years, and the welfare system is relatively complete, so the veterans of World War II have basically been settled appropriately. However, the situation in Hua Xia is a little special. After the end of the War of Resistance, there were a few years of liberation war. During this period, there was a change of government, and many problems must not be taken into account. Not to mention other things, just the household registration statistics are very difficult to complete. Later, there were various movements one after another. I don't know how many veterans of the War of Resistance returned home after the war. These people are very likely to be scattered in towns and villages all over the country. Those who are still alive now may not be living very well."

Wei Lan thought about it seriously for a moment and said to Li Mu, "I understand what you mean. There may indeed be thousands of veterans of the War of Resistance who are living a difficult life. However, if you want to find those veterans who have no official records and no supporting information throughout the country, the workload is too huge. If you want to carry out the work quickly and efficiently, you need a large team to support you."

"That's right."

Li Mu sighed and said, "The biggest problem is the team, and the operation of this team must be done in the form of volunteers. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to carry out this charity event."

As he said this, Li Mu explained, "To do this kind of charity, we must let those who really have a sense of charity participate in it. If we simply rely on the method of paying salaries and recruiting employees to do charity, it will only be a strong start and a weak finish. Therefore, my initial plan is to formulate a public welfare publicity plan, including the slogan, positioning, and implementation plan of this charity event. Then, we will find an operational talent who understands publicity and let him promote our public welfare plan to the whole society. While recruiting volunteers, we will also collect information from the whole society. If we can have a volunteer team of at least ten people in every prefecture-level city, then our future work will be very easy to carry out."

Wei Lan asked, "If we have volunteers, then what about the specific implementation process?

Have you thought about how to find the veterans, how to confirm it, and how to save them after confirming it? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "I've thought about it. There are two ways to find veterans. One is to release the information to the whole society. The veterans, their families, friends, and neighbors can all contact us, and then we can send volunteers to verify it. The other way is to take the initiative to search from point to point. For example, we can confirm the identity of a veteran, and then through him, we can learn about his unit number, battle situation, and information about his comrades. Then we can follow the clues to find more surviving veterans."

"As for how to help them, what I'm thinking about for the time being is that I, Makino Technology, Taobao Technology, and Alipay will jointly establish a fund to care for the veterans of the War of Resistance Against Japan. The starting capital is tentatively set at 100 million yuan. Then, we will produce some promotional materials that can move people and promote it through various channels to attract social attention and build momentum.

Then, we will hold a charity dinner with the same theme, invite some entrepreneurs and celebrities to participate, and then appeal to them to donate. "

At this point, Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "In fact, you also know that the fundamental motive of many celebrities and entrepreneurs to do charity is to gain a good reputation. The premise of their decision whether to donate or not is this matter, or whether the donee has a certain social influence. If there is influence, many people will flock to donate. If there is no influence, these people may not even bother to look at it. So, if we want them to be willing to donate money, we must first make this public welfare project popular."

Li Mu had seen too many such things in his previous life, especially on Weibo. Many people who encountered difficulties would send messages asking for help on Weibo. Occasionally, some of these people would be hyped up by the media, and a large number of big accounts would immediately appear to express their stance and donate. In Li Mu's view, a considerable part of this was just to gain popularity.

So, if he wanted them to donate money, he first had to make the project popular enough.

In his previous life, there were some celebrities who set up their own charity foundations. Because of the celebrity's influence, they attracted a large number of celebrities, celebrities, and entrepreneurs to donate. At the same time, it also influenced a large number of ordinary people to donate money. Li Mu felt that his current social influence had exceeded that of any celebrity. So, if he were to start such a project, he should be able to mobilize the enthusiasm of the whole society to donate money.

So, Li Mu said again, "We can also open a public account and ask for donations from the whole society. Everyone can donate to this account. 10 yuan, 3 yuan, 5 yuan, or even 1 yuan or 2 yuan will do. As long as everyone is willing to donate, it will be helpful to this cause."

"The bank transfer process is relatively more troublesome," Wei Lan said.

"It's not that many people are unwilling to donate, but the donation process is a little troublesome. When I was in school, I donated to Project Hope a few times. Every time, I would have to go to the bank and queue up, fill in the money order, and it would take a few hours to get back. It's very troublesome."

Li Mu slapped his forehead and said, "Thank you for reminding me. I didn't think of this problem."

As he said that, Li Mu said, "Actually, this is very easy to solve. I can work with operators like Mobile and Unicom to launch a SMS donation channel. As long as mobile phone users send a donation amount to a designated number, they can directly deduct the amount from their phone bill. At that time, we can just get the operator to settle with us regularly.

"At the same time, my Alipay can also start this service. I can open a dedicated Alipay account for the foundation, and all Alipay users can donate money to this Alipay account. These two methods should be much more convenient than bank transfers."

Wei Lan praised, "You've thought of so many good ideas in such a short time. I feel that this charity project of yours will definitely be able to be carried out."

After saying that, Wei Lan asked Li Mu, "You haven't told me what kind of assistance you're going to give to the veterans whose identities have been verified."

Li Mu thought about the relevant information that he had learned in his previous life. It seemed that in 2013, there was an authoritative organization that did the statistics. At that time, the number of surviving veterans in the country should be about 20,000. Then, there was still a decade before 2013, and the number of veterans should be between 30,000 to 40,000.

Among these 30,000 to 40,000 people, not everyone needed help. Based on Li Mu's understanding of the situation, among the People's Liberation Army veterans, those who did not make political mistakes and did not have any problems with their identities were basically well taken care of by the country. The other veterans who were persecuted by various movements in the past might be in a more difficult situation now. In addition, there were also some veterans who stayed in the mainland who might not have the opportunity to enjoy the same treatment as the People's Liberation Army veterans.

But looking at these veterans from a modern perspective, regardless of which army they came from, they had shed blood for the nation during the Anti-Japanese War. As long as such veterans were still alive, as long as they were in trouble, help must be given.

Looking at it this way, it was estimated that there were about 20,000 people in need of help.

Li Mu did not know if there was currently a minimum living allowance policy, nor did he know the standard of it. Thus, he asked Wei Lan, "Do you know how much the average annual income of farmers is now?"

Wei Lan thought for a moment and said, "I've read the report before. It should be a little more than 2,000, and a little more than 5,000 in cities and towns."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said thoughtfully, "Assuming that there are 20,000 veterans that we want to help in the long term, and each of them is subsidized according to the average annual income of the village, then we will need about 40 to 50 million a year. If we take out 100 million, we can support it for two years."

Wei Lan said, "40 to 50 million a year is indeed a huge expense, and at present, the number of veterans is gradually decreasing, but the entire assistance cycle will be about 20 years from now, so you must be restrained. When doing charity, you must leave a certain amount of space for yourself. Remember not to take on everything. If you take on everything, not only will you have to carry this project to the end, but if society has other needs for charity in the future, I'm afraid that the people will also use moral coercion against you and make you carry it to the end. At that time, the burden on your body will become heavier and heavier."

As she said that, Wei Lan sat cross-legged in front of Li Mu and counted with her fingers. "Let me first calculate for you how much money you need for this project.

Look, let's first confirm a few numbers and temporarily set the cycle as 20 years. Let's say that we invest 50 million in the first year and 5 million in the last year. In the middle 18 years, the investment will be decreasing at a constant rate. Then, the sum of the total is 55 million. 55 million multiplied by 10, roughly speaking, this project will require about 550 million. "

Li Mu looked at Wei Lan, who had a serious expression on her face, and asked her, "How did you calculate that? I don't seem to understand …"

Wei Lan smiled slightly and said, "People who do engineering know how to do some cost accounting, so their math is not bad.

Let me ask you a question. Do you know how much 1 + 2 + 3 + 100 is? "

Li Mu shook his head. "Give me a calculator or a computer. I'll run some code or pull out Excel and do a sum, and I'll be able to calculate it. I can't do it mentally."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Don't always think like a programmer. Look, from 1 to 100, there are a total of 100 numbers, and their increasing laws are uniform. They are all plus 1, plus 1, plus 1, so if we add the ends together, 1 + 100 equals 101, 2 + 99 equals 101, 3 + 97 equals 101, all the way to 50 + 51 equals 101. So how many combinations are there that add up to 101?" Wei Lan smiled and said, "You don't have to always use a programmer's way of thinking.

Li Mu's eyes lit up, and he blurted out, "50 sets!

I got it, so from 1 to 100, the final result is 101 times 50, which is 5050, right? "

Wei Lan leaned over and kissed Li Mu on the cheek, and praised, "You're so smart!"