Chapter 48

That night, in the living room of Zhang Kexuan's luxurious three-bedroom apartment, Li Mu listened to Zhang Kexuan's long-winded talk for half the night.

Zhang Kexuan regarded Li Mu as a beacon in his life, while Li Mu regarded him and the simple plan as his own experimental field.

The best situation was to use the good songs from his future life and the upcoming Eting to make the simple plan popular. Then, he would use the simple plan to drive Eting to become a music portal that could create stars on the internet. There would be a lot of room for development in the future. In this way, he had two choices. He could do piracy with everyone and wait for the big platforms to buy him at a high price, or he could transform himself and build his own platform after he accumulated enough strength.

The two of them thought about their own ideals and went back to their rooms to rest after midnight.

The next morning, Ye Tianming and the other two came to the door. The two of them got up with a pair of panda eyes. Ye Tianming took out a bank card and handed it to Li Mu.

"Mu Ge, there's 100,000 yuan in it. The password is 123321. Kexuan, I'll pay for your share."

Li Mu nodded and took the bank card. "Who has time to accompany me to do something?"

"Me." Ye Tianming raised his hand. "I drove here."

"That's fine." Li Mu smiled. "I'll have to trouble you for half a day. Are you alright?"

"I'm fine." Ye Tianming said straightforwardly, "If you're in a hurry, we can leave now."

"Alright."

Li Mu didn't stand on ceremony. He said to the other three, "I'll go back to Haizhou after I finish my business today. You guys should practice 'Sunflower' these few days. Also, you must remember one thing. No matter who comes to you, don't agree to record a single."

"Why?" Zhang Kexuan was very curious.

He was thinking about recording a single. Although "Li Bai" had already been performed in public, technically speaking, there was only a live version of "Li Bai". There was no real recorded version, so the effect would naturally be worse. The recorded version would add some other instruments and be recorded repeatedly to avoid any mistakes. The post-production would be perfect.

Li Mu said, "If a record company records a single for you, they will definitely ask you to sign a contract first. If a normal website, studio, or recording studio records a single for you, they will definitely put your songs online in advance for publicity. You have to avoid these two points for now. In the future, after I set up the music website, I will personally be the supervisor for you. At that time, we will work together to record the most perfect effect."

"Alright!" The few of them completely obeyed Li Mu's instructions on this matter.

Later, Li Mu took Ye Tianming's Crown to a server company in Jinling. He bought two very high-end servers and then took the servers to a server hosting company. After selecting the bandwidth, he completed the hosting of the server.

For the forum, one server was enough. However, for Eting, it would need a large number of users in the future. Whether it was the number of servers, processing capacity, space, or bandwidth, the demand was very large. However, at present, Eting had not been developed. One server was enough to support the initial stage of the launch.

Just as Li Mu was handling the server, Chen Wan called and asked when she would return to Haizhou. Li Mu made an appointment with her to meet at a time and place. After finishing his work, he took Ye Tianming's car to meet Chen Wan.

In the car, Li Mu asked Ye Tianming, "Tianming, I heard that your family is in the real estate business. Does your family have an office building for rent?"

"Yes."

Ye Tianming blurted out, "There is a commercial building operated by my father. The first floor is a commercial building, and the second floor to the 16th floor are all office buildings. At present, the occupancy rate is less than 80%. There are many vacancies. What kind of one do you want?"

"Sixty or seventy square meters is enough." Li Mu smiled and said, "Help me keep an eye out for it. If it is suitable, I will rent one."

"You can use it directly." Ye Tianming said straightforwardly, "Do we still need to calculate this amount of money?"

"Don't."

Li Mu said, "It is not your own business. You'd better make it clear, lest your father thinks that the friends you make are taking advantage of you. Help me keep an eye out for it. I will go and sign a contract with your father's person in charge of this."

Ye Tianming glanced at Li Mu. Seeing that he was not joking at all, he also became serious and said, "I will call later to ask about the workplace. However, if you rent the workplace to set up a music website, of course, the rent will be calculated. But the logic of the payment is that the four of us will pay for my father's company. Don't forget that we reached an agreement at the beginning. You give us songs and help us build up our popularity. The four of us will contribute manpower and money for the music website."

Li Mu nodded slightly and smiled, "In this case, I won't say anything more. Thank you for your hard work."

"You're welcome!"

For Ye Tianming, Zhang Kexuan and the others, the four of them had already regarded Li Mu as a god after seeing the shocking performance yesterday. Music was their faith. Once Li Mu could help them with their faith, the problem of money would be the least of their problems.

Although the four people in the simple plan took care of the future funding of Eting, Li Mu was still not relaxed at the moment. He had to develop Eting and a forum at the same time. The forum was easy to solve. He could buy a ready-made forum template and code. Then, he could use it and modify it. However, the development of Eting needed to start from scratch.

The current website basically had no aesthetics to speak of. The modularity of the page was very stiff. There was almost no concept of layout, and there was no consideration of aesthetics and user experience. Li Mu wanted to make Eting the best music audition and download website. All he had to do was to have an advanced concept.

As a result, it was too difficult for him to complete the huge workload alone. On the basis of his development framework, he had to hire at least two or three technical staff to write the code, an artist, and an engineer who could be responsible for the server and testing work.

It was difficult to find such talents in Haizhou. He had a higher chance in Jinling City. Therefore, Li Mu entrusted the four people in the simple plan to help him search for some resumes that met the requirements in the talent market these days.

…

When he saw Chen Wan, Li Mu said goodbye to Ye Tianming and sat in the driver's seat of Chen Wan's Audi. Chen Wan sat in the passenger seat.

After driving out of the city, Chen Wan said to Li Mu, "I may go to Shanghai in a few days."

"Oh?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Isn't it still early before the start of school?

Why are you going to Shanghai? "

Chen Wan said with some disappointment, "A friend of my dad introduced me to an opportunity to be a summer intern at Shanghai Satellite TV for a month."

"That's good."

Shanghai Satellite TV, which was the future Dragon TV, was also ranked relatively high among the local satellite TV stations. Li Mu said with a smile, "Shanghai Satellite TV is also a first-class satellite TV station in the country. If you can work there in the future, your future is boundless."

Chen Wan curled her lips, "Impossible. It is too difficult to get into Shanghai Satellite TV, and it is very difficult to get ahead. My dad wants me to go to Shanghai Satellite TV to gain some experience first. When I have an internship in the second half of the fourth semester, he will send me to Nansu Satellite TV. He has a good friend there. It seems that he has a pretty high level. He can help me solve the internship problem. After graduation, I can also get a job."

Li Mu thought about it. Chen Wan entered Nansu Satellite TV in her previous life, but she died in an accident. Li Mu didn't know who her future husband was, but Li Mu felt that if Chen Wan didn't change her life path, she might meet that unknown man again.

"Nansu Satellite TV seems to have no development." Li Mu's tone was not very optimistic.

Chen Wan asked, "Is that so?

Now the local satellite TV seems to be about the same, and only Xiangnan Satellite TV is better. "

Li Mu said, "Then find a way to go to Xiangnan Satellite TV."

After all, it was Mango TV, which would unify the satellite TV stations in the future, and the chances were also great. If Chen Wan could develop there, it should be good.

Chen Wan was not very confident: "I don't know anyone in Xiangnan, and it doesn't matter. Satellite TV TV can enter if I want to?"

Li Mu looked indifferent: "Isn't there still a year? What's the hurry?"

"That's true." Chen Wan shrugged: "But I'm going to Shanghai this time. You won't be able to see me for a while."

Without waiting for Li Mu to speak, Chen Wan continued with a face of loss: "It seems that at the end of August, you should go to college."

At that time, one would be in Yanjing, and the other in Shanghai. Chen Wan suddenly felt even more lost.

Li Mu smiled and comforted: "We can see each other whenever we want to. The plane ticket doesn't seem to be that expensive, right?"

Chen Wan was originally a rich second generation, and Li Mu was now a small nouveau riche with hundreds of thousands of yuan on his waist. The plane ticket, which was very expensive in the eyes of ordinary people, was really nothing to the two of them.

"Then it's a deal!"

Chen Wan immediately said: "You should familiarize yourself with Yanjing. When I go there, you will be my tour guide and accompany me the whole way."