Chapter 1379

Li Mu's words completely enlightened He Lu.

First of all, the real core of the show was not the games and noise of traditional variety shows.

Secondly, this opportunity was precious, and he could not be picky. There were so many hosts in the country, but only Chen Wan could get a show tailored for Li Mu. It was really rare for him to have this opportunity.

After thinking through all this, He Lu became more optimistic about the future of the show. He took the proposal and said to Li Mu very seriously, "Li Zong, I will pass on the proposal and your ideas to our station's leader after I go back in the afternoon."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "If it's okay, we will set up the project as soon as possible. The filming location will be in the suburbs of Beijing. It's not difficult to find a place with mountains and rivers around Beijing with picturesque scenery."

He Lu asked curiously, "Li Zong, why did you choose to film around Beijing?

If it was near Xiangdu, it would actually be more convenient. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I chose Beijing because there are many celebrities who live in Beijing!"

After that, Li Mu explained again, "It's still very advantageous to shoot in the vicinity of Yan Jing. There are many stars who live in Yan Jing. If we invite them to be temporary guests, we only need to take the bus for more than an hour to come here. Originally, we were going to sleep at home, but if we take a little more bus to stay in the farmhouse for a night, we can finish the work."

He Lu suddenly understood. Although it was convenient for him and the staff in Xiangdu, it might not be convenient for the guests.

The guests were the key to the variety show. They would rather the staff work harder than let the guests work harder. This was not to please the guests, but to reduce the cost of the guests' behavior. There were not many celebrities who were willing to fly so far away to participate in a show in Africa. Even if they agreed, the time, labor, transportation costs, and the cost of the show's funds would all multiply. However, if it was right in front of the celebrity's house and could be reached in an hour by car, then the various costs would be greatly reduced, and the turnover would be greatly improved.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Think about it. According to our program's mechanism, the guests will arrive in the afternoon on the first day, take a nap, and leave after lunch the next day. It won't take 24 hours, and they won't be tired. They can just treat it as going to a farmhouse to experience life. It will be very relaxing for the guests."

He Wan nodded repeatedly. "Li Zong is much more thoughtful than me!

Seems like the area around Beijing is the most suitable! "

Li Mu said, "If we start choosing the location soon, and then carry out the renovation and equipment construction, we should be able to start filming in May."

He Wan hurriedly asked him, "So fast?

As for the other two permanent guests, do you have anyone in mind? "

Li Mu said, "I don't have anyone in mind. You can look for them yourself, but I can give you some suggestions. As I said before, you need to find someone with a clear personality, and they must be different. For example, Teacher He, I don't know if you are good at cooking, but you are gentle and more meticulous. So, you can play the role of the 'mother' of the family of three, taking care of the trivial matters, coordinating the relationship, and arranging the work of the others."

He Wan nodded and said a little awkwardly, "But my cooking is very average …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. Since you are not good at cooking, then we need to find a guest who is good at cooking to complement you. His character can't be as gentle and delicate as you. It's best if he is slightly stronger."

"I understand." He Wan nodded slightly and asked, "What about the other one?"

Li Mu said, "The other one naturally has to play the role of a 'child.' So, we need to find a young man under the age of 20, and he must be someone who is very different from the rural environment. For example, he grew up in the city, or even lived abroad. In this way, the lineup of the three male guests will be very different and complement each other deeply." Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said, "You can think about the guest candidates in the near future. This is a relatively easy job.

We estimate that the first season will be filmed in the 12 + 1 format, which means that there will be 12 normal episodes and a special episode ending the show. We will broadcast it once a week for three months, and the filming will not be too heavy either. For example, we will arrive at the set on Friday night to start preparing, and we will start filming on Saturday morning. The temporary guests will arrive on Saturday afternoon and leave on Sunday noon. The filming time for an episode will not exceed 48 hours, and we can broadcast it while filming. We will start broadcasting after three episodes. If the effect is good, we will continue filming until 12 + 1. If the effect is not good, we can stop filming after 6 + 1 and cut our losses in time. The loss will not be too great. After all, the hardware of this show is a farmhouse. The cost should be a new low among variety shows. "

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said again, "If I have time, I can also be a guest for an episode."

"Really?!" He Wan said in surprise, "Li Zong, can you really be a guest for an episode?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's only 24 hours, and I can still sleep. I can definitely spare this time."

He Wan suddenly had more confidence in this show. If Li Mu was willing to be a guest, then wouldn't this show be very popular?

For Li Mu, he didn't think about how much he could improve this show. He just felt that this show was really desirable. He was a person who liked rural tourism. This show was co-produced by his company and Xiangnan Satellite TV. He should come to support it.

After getting Li Mu's promise, He Wan was particularly excited. If he was a little disappointed when he first saw the script, now he had really gone from hell to heaven.

This was a reality show created by Li Mu. Li Mu was even willing to be a guest in person. It could be foreseen that Li Mu would invest a lot of resources in this show. It was impossible for this show not to be popular!

The more excited he was, the faster He Wan's brain turned.

He knew very well that after conveying Li Mu's promise to the station today, it would be impossible for the station to refuse this cooperation. Therefore, there was no doubt that this show would be launched. What he had to worry about now was the confirmation of the guests!

A good guest lineup could greatly increase the effect of the show, so he must think about it carefully.

As soon as he thought of Li Mu saying that he needed a person who was proficient in cooking, he immediately thought of two candidates.

"Li Zong, I know two friends who are very good at cooking in the entertainment circle. One is called Huang Lei, and the other is called Lin Yilun. Especially Lin Yilun, his cooking can be called the best in the entertainment circle. Before his debut, he was a professional chef. People in the circle rush to eat at his house."

Li Mu nodded. The life he yearned for in his previous life was Huang Lei and He Wan's partnership. Li Mu naturally had never eaten the food he cooked, but on TV, it was really orderly. As for Lin Yilun, Li Mu had also heard rumors about his cooking skills. It seemed that he was really one of the representatives of the peak cooking skills in the entertainment circle.

In this way, it seemed that the cooking skills of these two people were guaranteed. The rest was who was more suitable for this show.

Needless to say, Huang Lei's IQ was very high. He had shown his superiority in IQ on many variety shows. A long time ago, there was a collapse of his IQ, but the collapse was relatively late, so it was not too serious.

Lin Yilun had not heard of any dark history, but this person had not been in the entertainment circle for many years, so Li Mu did not have a deep impression of him. He only remembered his appearance and his song, "Love Bird."

So Li Mu asked He Wan, "At this stage, which of these two is more popular?"

He Wan hesitated for a moment and said, "Part of Huang Lei's energy is in teaching, and part of his energy is in the entertainment circle. Currently, he is not very popular, but he will have a new show released soon, and an album of the same name will be released soon. The second half of the year should be his explosive period."

"As for Lin Yilun, he has been in the entertainment circle for many years, and he is quite popular. He has also participated in several CCTV Spring Festival Galas, and has also been a host for CCTV. He is a versatile artist."

Li Mu asked, "What is the name of Huang Lei's new show?"

"'Time Passes Like Water.' He and Liu Xiaoying starred in it, and it was written and directed by him."

Li Mu found this TV series in his memory. It had been more than ten years, so he did not have a deep impression of it. He only remembered that it was filmed in Jiangnan, and the style of the show was more aesthetically pleasing. It seemed that it was highly rated back then.

After thinking about it, Li Mu said, "Then let's invite Huang Lei. He has a new show to star in and a new album to release, so he must have a lot of publicity needs. Working with us is absolutely mutually beneficial, and he will have a greater advantage. So not only will he agree, but he will also put in more effort. We can also contact the TV distributor, and when the time comes, we can invite Liu Xiaoying to come over and be a guest."

He Wan nodded in agreement. Lin Yilun had not made any big moves recently, but Huang Lei was about to have a small breakout. He needed more publicity resources from Life Longing for, and when he broke out, his influence could also be fed back to the show. This was a good opportunity for both sides, so he was indeed more suitable than Lin Yilun.

Then, He Wan said, "Li Zong, I will suggest Huang Lei to the station when I get back. I have some personal relations with him, so it should be easier to work with him."

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Do you have any good ideas for the third candidate?"

He Wan thought about it and said, "There are actually quite a lot of overseas returnees in the entertainment circle, but I don't know many young people, and even fewer men. There are more overseas returnees from Hong Kong and Taiwan, but for those in their early twenties, I can only think of Peng Yuyan. I wonder if Li Zong knows him well?"

Li Mu naturally knew Peng Yuyan, but he did not know that he had already debuted, so he pretended to be curious and asked, "What is this Peng Yuyan's background?"

"He was born in Taiwan, and immigrated to Canada when he was a teenager. I think he just debuted."

Li Mu asked him, "What does he look like?"

He Wan said, "He's quite handsome, and quite sunny. He's not bad among the young people who just debuted."