Chapter 443

Li Mu ordered a cup of coffee and a few newspapers in the hotel lobby downstairs. He stayed alone for two hours.

Five minutes before seven, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him. Arya, who had changed into casual A&F clothes, stood in front of Li Mu. Her wavy blonde hair was still dripping with water droplets.

"Mr. Li, sorry to keep you waiting."

Li Mu put down the newspaper in his hand and smiled. "If I wasn't afraid that you'd be hungry, I could have waited a little longer."

With that, Li Mu stood up and gestured for Arya to leave. Arya smiled and walked in front. Li Mu followed behind her, and the two of them left the hotel together.

Li Mu booked a private room at the famous Dadong Roast Duck in Yanjing. On the way there, Arya kept staring out the window, as if she was very curious about everything about Hua Xia.

Li Mu asked her, "Before you came to Hua Xia, did you know anything about Hua Xia?"

Arya tilted her head and thought for a moment, then said, "I didn't know much. When the western media talked about Hua Xia, they rarely introduced the specific customs and customs of Hua Xia. Most of it was about the country. I only knew about the Great Wall and pandas. I thought that Hua Xia would be quite backward, but Yanjing seems very developed."

Li Mu said, "There are still many scenic spots around Yanjing. I'll show you around in the next few days."

Arya hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, I think we should work first. After work is done, I can play in peace."

Li Mu nodded. "Okay. If you think it's better to work first, then work first."

Arya then asked Li Mu, "Dufy said that you want to make an MP3 player. I want to know what specific requirements you have."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I have a rough idea in my mind, but I'm not a professional. I can't turn what I think into a blueprint or rendering."

Arya smiled. "It's fine. Tell me what you think."

Li Mu said, "What I want is a design that is simple, light, beautiful, and has a strong sense of technology. As for the product's functions, I don't really need much. The simpler the front, the better. I'm leaning towards an iPod with a screen and a simple disc-style control area. The headphone jack is at the top, and the data port is at the bottom. However, the design can't be as square as the iPod. I want a long shape with a certain curve to satisfy the grip …"

Then, Li Mu said, "Oh right, I also want to design a set of earphones. I hope it's more fashionable and high-tech."

Arya listened and said in surprise, "Your requirements are very detailed. I will go back tonight and draw a few sketches according to your requirements. Then I will make changes and adjustments according to your suggestions."

“OK！”

Da Dong Roast Duck. For Yanjing foodies, this restaurant should be the first choice for roast duck. It was much better than Quanjude or Bianyifang. Arya had never eaten Yanjing Roast Duck before. It was the first time she saw the chef slice it in front of her face. She was shocked speechless. Under Li Mu's guidance, she rolled a roast duck with a lotus leaf cake and took a bite. Her eyes immediately widened, and she exclaimed three times, "Oh-my-god!"

"I never thought that duck could be so delicious. Oh my god, this is the best food I've ever eaten!"

Arya was full of praise for the roast duck. The British were naturally not good at cooking, and when she was studying in America, she had mostly eaten pizza, burgers, tacos and other western fast food. Occasionally, she would have Chinese food like Kung Pao Chicken. This was the first time she had tasted such exquisite Chinese food.

Li Mu said to her, "Hua Xia's food and beverage culture is a very complicated system. It's hard to say where it ranks in the world. I can only say that under this complicated system, there are too many delicious things. Roast duck is just one of them."

Arya said, "Oh right, I've eaten hot pot in Chinatown. It was very delicious. It was very spicy. I like spicy food."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I heard that overseas Chinese food is modified according to the local taste, so I guess the hot pot you had in Chinatown is not very authentic. Since you like spicy food, you must try the authentic Yuzhou hot pot. But we don't have to go to Yuzhou. There are a few more authentic ones in Yanjing. I'll take you there tomorrow."

Arya hurriedly said, "Then it should be my treat tomorrow!"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then agreed readily. He smiled and said, "Okay, your treat."

After a short period of contact, Li Mu found that Arya was a very real and unpretentious girl. She didn't care about her so-called ladylike image when she ate. When she saw something she liked, she would eat non-stop. Even if she was full, she would still say that she was full, pick up her chopsticks, and try to eat the next food.

She looked thin and weak, but she had a strong appetite. Li Mu even felt that Arya could eat more than him.

Finally, Arya, who had eaten until she couldn't eat anymore, put down her chopsticks in satisfaction. She gently wiped her oily lips, and the first thing she said made Li Mu laugh.

"God knows what I've been through these days. The food in Nepal is almost destroying me to the point of anorexia. And there's India. God, the food in India tastes good, but the hygiene is really worrying. I get diarrhea so often that I don't dare to eat anything other than fast food …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I haven't been to these two places. Hearing you say that, I think it's better not to go in the future."

Arya said, "Actually, the food in these two places isn't the worst. It's just that compared to roast duck, it's much worse.

After the meal, Li Mu sent Arya back to the hotel and reminded her to rest well. As for the design sketch, it wouldn't be too late to draw it tomorrow.

Back at Yucheng Garden, Li Mu gave Chen Wan a call. She had already started her training and audition this week. Li Mu wanted to ask her how she felt about it.

At that moment, Chen Wan had just gotten off work and returned to the small apartment that the station had arranged for her. She was physically and mentally exhausted, but the moment she saw Li Mu's name flashing on her phone, she immediately became full of energy. She happily took the phone and asked him with a smile, "Why did you think of calling me?"

Li Mu said, "I'm concerned about you. I wanted to ask how you feel about it and how are you adapting to it."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Although I'm very busy every day, I'm adapting quite well. I'll be in the studio next Wednesday to record the show."

Li Mu asked her, "I've asked Ning Hao to talk to them. The first episode of your recording is simple. Plan and Du Wei will be there to support you. Has your leader approved it?"

"Yes," Chen Wan said.

"The director is very excited, mainly because all the stations want to do their show, but they haven't had the chance. If they come to 'Happy Camp', it will be very good for the promotion of the show."

Li Mu asked her, "Is the script out yet?"

Chen Wan said, "The script is not out yet. It will probably be released on the weekend or next Monday. But it's just a few fixed segments. The host will use the prepared lines to liven up the atmosphere, then introduce the guests, interview them, play a game, and then the guests will perform. That's basically it."

As she said that, Chen Wan complained, "Actually, I think the game segment of 'Happy Camp' is quite boring, especially the segment where the guests stand on the small stage and sing while looking at the question board. I don't think there's anything funny about it, and most of the guests are also a little embarrassed."

Li Mu thought to himself that he rarely watched TV, and he didn't really like 'Happy Camp', so he didn't understand the current fast-paced genre. He tried his best to recall the impression he had of 'Happy Camp' in his previous life, and he felt that it was very old-fashioned. If it was ten years later, it would probably be a screen full of awkwardness.

Li Mu had always been unwilling to let Chen Wan follow the crazy path of Xie Xie, but if the style of 'Happy Camp' didn't change, the host would only gradually be influenced by that style. For Li Mu, he hoped that Chen Wan could use 'Happy Camp' as a springboard to start her own show, or enter reality shows, talent shows, or even the entertainment industry. Therefore, Li Mu felt that it was necessary for him to help her raise the style of 'Happy Camp' a little.

Around 2014, Li Mu had a girlfriend who was a few years younger than him. She liked to watch fast-paced novels, and she often forced Li Mu to watch them with her. The thing that left the deepest impression on Li Mu was that they put a party game called 'Ghost Hunter' on the show, and they changed the name to 'Who's Undercover'. Admittedly, although Li Mu didn't really like the style and routine of this show, this party game that was similar to a killer game was still very attractive.

Li Mu had been obsessed with killer games for a period of time, and he often went to a club with some friends on weekends to play all night. That kind of intense, exciting, and brain-burning feeling was great. However, killer games had a killer theme, and if it was put on TV, it would definitely be criticized, so using 'Who's Undercover' was the best choice.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Chen Wan, "Sis, I recently came up with a little game with a friend. I think you can recommend it to your production team. If your host plays this game with the guests on the show, the entertainment effect of the show should be very good."

Chen Wan asked him curiously, "What game is it?"

Li Mu said, "The name of the game is' Who's Undercover '. It's roughly …"

Li Mu used more than ten minutes to explain the general process of 'Who's Undercover' to Chen Wan. After Chen Wan heard it, she said in surprise, "It sounds very interesting …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "This game can really stir up the atmosphere of the scene. If you can put this game on stage, not only will it be interesting for the host and guests, but the audience at the venue and in front of the TV will also find it even more interesting."

Chen Wan said excitedly, "Then I'll talk to the director tomorrow and see if he's interested."

Li Mu said, "It's best if you can get a few people from the production team to try it out. It's hard for them to understand the essence of some content just by talking."