Chapter 304

The valuation of 800 million yuan was several times higher than the highest offer he had received so far. In Li Mu's eyes, Hui Ka Ming's offer was quite generous.

However, whether or not Li Mu would take the money from Mingcheng Capital depended on Chen Ze's attitude. If Chen Ze was willing to invest, everything would be easy to negotiate. Based on the fact that Chen Ze was a high-ranking official with real power in a ministry, he had the ability to protect Makino Technology for a period of time.

But then again, after knowing Chen Ze for a period of time, Li Mu had a certain understanding of Chen Ze's character and temper. When getting along with this person, he couldn't take the initiative to lower his status. Otherwise, if the two of them were not even on the same level in terms of mentality, it would be impossible for him to treat him as one of his own. Therefore, Li Mu had set a principle, that was, the shares he gave to Chen Ze could not be given as a gift. Otherwise, once he gave it away, it would change.

If Li Mu gave him a few points of shares and he accepted it, he would definitely protect Makino Technology in the future. But in front of him, Li Mu would never be able to look at him at the same level as a friend and get along with him as a friend.

Hearing the offer given by Hui Ka Ming, Li Mu nodded noncommittally and asked him, "By the way, what is Old Chen busy with recently?"

Hui Ka Ming knew that he was asking about Chen Ze, so he said, "He contacted me once a couple of days ago. He wants to open a go-kart racing track in the east of Yan Jing, but his father is not very willing and thinks that he is not doing proper work."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Is it convenient for Old Chen to invest in this aspect now?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "Although Brother Ze's father is in a high position, his mother has three listed companies in her hands, and they all come from a decent background. If he invests 10 to 20 million yuan to set up a go-kart racing track, it won't be a problem under normal circumstances. His mother's net worth is at least ten figures, so this amount of money is nothing. But his father doesn't agree, so he can only do it secretly. He wants me to handle it for him."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Why does he suddenly want to set up a go-kart racing track?

Is it profitable? "

Xu Jiaming said, "I don't think it's profitable. I think he wants to build a training base and build his own team."

Li Mu frowned and did some calculations in his mind. He said, "The construction cost of this kind of thing is very high, and the maintenance cost in the future is also a long-term expenditure. It's easy to do at the beginning, but it might become more and more troublesome later on."

"That's right."

Hui Ka Ming shrugged, "I tried to persuade him, but he said that this is his only hobby. He wants to start from karting and develop a professional team, so that they can compete in some overseas competitions in the future. His biggest dream is actually to develop an F1 driver like Hua Xia."

Li Mu sighed, "I didn't expect Old Chen to be such a man with dreams."

Hui Ka Ming smiled, "You should take some time to persuade him. I feel that this kind of thing is really unreliable. Not only is the investment too big, but the returns are basically impossible. But he won't listen to me. After all, I will lose more money than him."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Others can't persuade him on this kind of thing. I'll talk to him if I have the chance. Anyway, this kind of thing can't be settled in a day or two."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and couldn't help but say, "Let's get back to our topic. What do you think of the offer of 80 million?"

Li Mu said, "The offer is not a problem, but since we are quite familiar with each other, I have to say something first. I welcome Mingcheng Capital's investment, but I can't guarantee any subsidiary interests. From Series C onwards, I'm prepared to invest internationally in preparation for the future listing in Hong Kong or America."

Hui Ka Ming laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "You know my situation. There are too many brothers and sisters in the same generation in my family, so the older generation organized this competition to test who is stronger among the younger generation. I haven't been in Mingcheng Capital for a long time, and I've lost half of the money given by my family. This is the last year, and I need a project to save my life. So after I enter Series B, I won't hold any more shares in the future. When the competition among the younger generation in my family is over, if you need my shares to guarantee your right to speak, I can give all my shares to you, and you can hold them on my behalf."

Since Hui Ka Ming had put it this way, Li Mu didn't say anything else. He immediately said, "Come to Makino Technology next Monday, I'll sign the contract with you."

Hui Ka Ming's face was full of excitement. He blurted out, "Once the contract is signed, the money will be transferred to your account immediately!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Oh yes, help me talk to Old Chen later. Ask him if he's interested in investing in my company. But don't make it too obvious, just see if he's interested."

Hui Ka Ming was slightly startled, but he immediately nodded and smiled. "Sure, I'll help you find out what he's thinking."

Li Mu said, "If Old Chen is willing to join, the valuation I'll give him might be much lower than the valuation I gave to Mingcheng Capital. Don't have any objections then."

Hui Ka Ming smiled. "Don't worry, I understand. I'll ask him out this weekend for a chat."

…

In the blink of an eye, it was Saturday. Su Yingxue had been preparing for tonight's gala since yesterday. She had already helped Li Mu register the songs that he would be singing one by one. Originally, the teachers of the gala's organizing team were adamantly against this last-minute act, but when they heard that it was Li Mu who had signed up for the program, they immediately gave the green light. It couldn't be helped. This kid's status in the National People's Congress was much higher than any of the teachers, and ordinary people couldn't afford to offend him.

Su Yingxue called Li Mu yesterday to ask if he wanted to participate in the rehearsal, but Li Mu didn't agree. He had already chosen the song, but he didn't want to sing it during the rehearsal. Since it was a song for Su Yingxue, he wanted to keep the mystery until the last moment.

Therefore, on the program list announced on Saturday, Li Mu's program was the eighth one, and the performance time was about 8: 30. However, other people's programs had names, except for Li Mu's program, which only had six words: "Guitar Playing and Singing – Li Mu."

The news that Li Mu was going to participate in the gala spread all over the school. It couldn't be helped. Li Mu's influence in the National People's Congress was too great. He had a successful career at a young age, and he was good-looking. In the eyes of girls, he was much better than those boys who only had good looks. Although he wasn't the most handsome in the National People's Congress, he was definitely the most popular among girls in the National People's Congress.

When his roommates heard that Li Mu had signed up for the performance, they all came to ask him. They wanted to know why Li Mu signed up for the performance without saying a word. Moreover, he didn't even leave the name of the song on the program list. They were all very curious about what song he was going to sing.

Li Mu decided to keep this song a secret until the end. So even if the five of them came to ask him what he was going to sing, Li Mu was not moved at all. He replied, "You'll know when the time comes."

Everyone was depressed. Xue Jianfeng mocked Li Mu, "You're a man who's always on the inside. Is it because Su Yingxue is the host that you want to sign up for the performance?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and didn't deny it.

Li Yawei said, "Do you need to think about it?

It must be. I guess Mu Ge wants to sing a song to confess his love to her. "

Xue Jianfeng echoed him. He pretended to be surprised and asked, "Really?

Then what song do you think Li Mu will choose to confess his love to Su Yingxue? "

Li Yawei smiled and said, "I think with Mu Ge's temperament, he will choose the Big Bridal Sedan Chair by Fire Phoenix."

As she said this, Li Yawei also opened her mouth and sang a few lines, "My mouth is laughing, and my heart is beautiful … Think about it, how interesting that picture will be!"

All the people in the dormitory laughed. Xue Jianfeng said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, if you sing this song to confess your love to Su Yingxue, the duck meat in your mouth will turn into a duck and fly away."

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Don't talk nonsense, okay?

If you really want to know what song I will sing tonight, you will know when you go to the live show. "As he said this, Li Mu reminded them," You have to come and support me then! "

Sun Jian said, "Of course we have to go. The class director ordered yesterday that we have to call the roll call before the party starts. If we don't go, our credits will be deducted. The school attaches great importance to this kind of school performance. Even the principal has to go on stage to give a speech. Who dares to escape?"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. He didn't know whether these guys would make trouble for him at night. He wanted to remind them, but after thinking about it, he gave up. It might be okay if he didn't remind them, but if he did, they might make trouble.

…

The New Year's Eve party was held in the main stadium of the National People's Congress. According to the seniors, the New Year's Eve party was the only school performance in the whole academic year. Moreover, the school attached great importance to it. Every year, they would specially allocate funds to prepare for the party and specially hire professional companies from the society to perform it. Just the hardware of the stage and the sound equipment was no different from a concert of a singer with tens of thousands of people.

The tradition of the National People's Congress New Year's Eve party had lasted for more than 20 years. With the development of the times, each year's New Year's Eve party was more elaborate and grander than the previous year. Not only did the school attach great importance to it, but the alumni who had graduated from the National People's Congress also attached great importance to it. Every New Year's Eve party, alumni would provide special sponsorship to the school to help the school hold the New Year's Eve party better.

The party started at 7 PM. Li Mu arrived at the stadium an hour earlier. There were already many students there to watch the fun. The stage, lighting, and other aspects had already been set up. The scale of the party was not any worse than those concerts held in the Workers' Stadium. Li Mu carried his guitar case and wanted to send the guitar backstage first. However, the security guard at the door wouldn't let Li Mu in because he didn't have an actor's license.

Li Mu had no choice but to call Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue, who was anxiously going over the lines with the other hosts, received Li Mu's call and hurried out.