Chapter 588

Now that the strategic deployment was complete and everything was in place, Li Mu was no longer in a hurry.

Now, all Li Mu had to do was wait for the results, wait for Fang Xudong, wait for Liu Shixiong, and wait for Lin Lin.

Anyway, the postal service could still hold on for a while. Even if Boss Ma tried his best to get on his own e-commerce platform, it would be impossible for him to do so in a short period of time. The half-year safe period was a time node that Li Mu had objectively judged. As long as his strategy progressed normally, he would be invincible in half a year.

If he built his own logistics system, not only would Taobao's C2C business have a strong downstream support, but the future B2C business would also have the most critical element to rise. At that time, he only needed to build a warehouse next to each logistics base's sorting center, and they could share a set of logistics systems, saving time and effort.

Fang Xudong's side was the fastest to start. On the day Li Mu finished discussing the requirements with him, he had already started work. Ever since he incorporated more than 80 former QQ team members, the overall technical strength of Makino Technology had a lot of redundancy. It just so happened that Fang Xudong was in charge of the development of the logistics information management system at this time. He had enough manpower, so he simply transferred nearly 60 developers in one go, formed a team to tackle the problems, and started the development of the entire system day and night. At the same time, he also asked the HR department to search for amazing hardware talents to start building the first hardware laboratory of Makino Technology.

Liu Shixiong did not idle around for the past two days. While preparing for Mango-ME's instant kill, he also looked for high-end headhunters to secretly help him search for the personnel files of actual management positions in major express delivery companies. His plan was that once Mango-ME's instant kill was over, he would immediately take the information from the headhunters and personally talk to the key personnel to increase the success rate of poaching people.

As for Lin Lin, Li Mu didn't urge her to give an answer as soon as possible. After all, the airline company's resources weren't needed for the time being. Moreover, he didn't have the right person to do it. As long as Lin Lin had the resources and was interested in this matter, it was fine.

Finally relieved, Li Mu was ready to accompany Du Wei to the studio to record. After arranging the time with Du Wei, Li Mu drove ahead of time to pick her up. After Du Wei got in the car, she handed the headphones to Li Mu and said, "Brother Li Mu, listen to Sister Wei's new album. There is a song that is very good."

Li Mu was not in a hurry to drive. Instead, he took the earphones that Du Wei handed to him and put them on. Du Wei selected the song by wire control of the CD player. As soon as the prelude sounded, Li Mu found it particularly familiar. Soon, Du Wei began to sing with her special voice.

"Maybe I have to give up to get close to you.

If I don't see you again, you'll remember me.

Time accumulates the fruits of summer.

The fragrance of loneliness in my memories … "

It turned out to be this song!

Li Mu seemed to have returned to September 2002 in his previous life. In his memory, Mo Wenwei's "Fruits of Summer" had been very popular for a period of time. It was so popular that people could hear this song everywhere they went. When they went to the toilet in a KTV, there would be people singing this song in the private rooms they passed by. In fact, Mo Wenwei had already gained a lot of fame in the mainland after the release of her album "Being Myself" in 1998. However, four years had passed. Before "Fruits of Summer" became popular, she was actually in a period of decline in the mainland, and her popularity was neither high nor low.

This song evoked a lot of memories in Li Mu. After listening to it, Li Mu asked Du Wei, "Is this song from the new album?"

Du Wei nodded and said, "Yes, this CD was given to me by Sister Wei when I came back from Hong Kong."

Li Mu asked curiously, "When was this album released?"

Du Wei said, "It was released in Hong Kong and Taiwan in the first half of the year, but it seems that it hasn't been released in the mainland yet. Sister Wei said that the record company will wait until the middle or late July to release this album in the mainland."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "If this song is released, it will definitely be very popular."

Du Wei smiled and said, "I think so too. Sister Wei's voice is very special."

Li Mu asked her, "How is the preparation of your own song?"

Du Wei said, "It's all ready!

Try to perform well in the studio later. It's best to finish it in one day. "

It was easy for a singer with good singing skills and good condition to record two songs in one day. Some could record an album in two days, and the quality of the album was very high. Li Mu also believed in Du Wei's ability. It should not be a problem to record two songs in one day.

…

In the recording studio, Du Wei performed surprisingly well today. If it weren't for the recording engineer's refinement, Li Mu would have thought that she could have finished the song in one take. Under her interpretation of the song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen", the song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" was much better than the duo duo in his previous life. The emotional expression of the whole song was completely raised to a higher level. In the song "The First Day," Du Wei also showed her extraordinary penetration and sense of rhythm. After listening to her sing "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" and then "The First Day," Li Mu really felt what it meant to be as quiet as a virgin and as agile as a rabbit. The contrast was great, but it was so great that people could not help but applaud.

The recording engineer also appreciated Du Wei's performance very much, but in order to ensure that there was enough material in the later stage and that the song was the most perfect, he still asked Du Wei to sing it twice more. Li Mu stood outside the recording studio and looked at Du Wei. He sighed in his heart. Du Wei's biggest title in the future must be a singer. Although she also had talent in acting, it was really incomparable to music. Makino Image could take her further in the film and television industry, but her music still needed the support of a strong record company. Only a big record company could provide her with strong all-round support, such as songs, production, packaging, record distribution, concert implementation, etc., which she could not provide, or it was difficult to achieve.

He had too many things on his hands now. At present, there was also the planning of a logistics company. It was impossible for him to have the energy to do records, and it was unrealistic to acquire a record company. Firstly, it required a huge amount of funds, and secondly, the record company could not find a way out in the quagmire. In the future, Hua Xia's film and television company's market space would become bigger and bigger, but the music market … Hehe … After the people got used to digital music, the decline of the record industry was irreversible.

Not only did Li Mu not have the energy to do a music company now, but he did not even want to hold Easy Listening website in his hands anymore. Before going to Hong Kong, Tan Yaocheng had looked for him and revealed the strong intention of Baidu to acquire it completely. Li Mu also said that he was inclined to the acquisition plan. He did not want money, and Baidu could not come up with much cash now. He wanted Baidu's shares and let Baidu acquire Easy Listening website. He did not want anything else but Baidu's shares.

In this way, not only did he lose a hot potato that would involve copyright issues in the future, but he could also hitch a ride with Baidu and make a fortune. At present, there was no direct conflict of interest between Li Mu and Baidu. On the one hand, it was because Baidu had never tried to imitate Li Mu's products. On the other hand, Li Mu was really not interested in search engines. The requirements for this thing were too high. It was better to do something else himself.

Baidu's desire for Easy Listening website should be constantly rising. Li Mu had made up his mind. As long as Tan Yaocheng looked for him again, he would clearly tell him his intention to cooperate, and then quickly discuss the proportion, sign the contract, and make changes. He would then be at ease as a shareholder of Baidu in the future.

Because of this idea, Li Mu felt that he had to help Du Wei accumulate more capital before Easy Listening website made a move. Not only did he have to desperately promote her new songs, but he also had to help her build some connections. At present, Mo Wenwei's new album was a very good opportunity. Mo Wenwei's desire for Easy Listening website should be increasing.

Mo Wenwei would definitely be a long-term A-list star in the future, and she would be an evergreen in the music and film circles. Her movie was very popular in China, but her song was still not popular enough. "Midsummer Fruit" was bound to be popular, but it was interesting that Rolling Stone hadn't started to promote this song in China yet, which was also consistent with his memory. In his memory, this song became popular all over the country in August or September. If he used Easy Listening and YY to help her promote this song in China in advance, he believed that she would be grateful, or at least feel that she owed him a favor.

I don't have much contact with Mo Wenwei, and it was all because of Du Wei that I helped her. Mo Wenwei should know that I helped her out of respect for Du Wei. In this way, Mo Wenwei will owe me a favor. Mo Wenwei should know that I helped her out of respect.

As for Rolling Stone, Li Mu also intended to let them see his ability to create stars in the music field. As long as they put the link of Easy Listening website in the lower right corner of YY, this song could be seen and heard by tens of millions of netizens. If Rolling Stone realized his ability to create stars, they would definitely be very interested in this kind of publicity channel. It was not impossible for them to use his resources in the future. But first of all, he had to take good care of Du Wei. They didn't need to worry about her development in the film and television industry. As long as they tried their best to make arrangements for Du Wei's career in the music field, he could give them YY resources and help them create stars in the future. At that time, they would sign a strategic cooperation contract. He would help Rolling Stone promote singers, and Rolling Stone would use singers for their film and television development. It was a win-win situation.

Although Easy Listening website had not been authorized by a record company, it was different from the previous Baidu MP3. The latter only provided access to infringing downloads by taking advantage of the legal gap. It was a tool rather than a platform, so it basically couldn't play the role of promotion and promotion. However, Easy Listening website was different. It could now completely influence the direction of songs for tens of millions of people. It was a music platform in the true sense. Easy Listening website's recommendation resources and ranking were much more valuable than those of radio and TV stations. If Rolling Stone couldn't see through this, there was no need for further cooperation.

Thinking of this, Li Mu sent a text message to the person in charge of Easy Listening Technology, asking him to immediately put Mo Wenwei's latest album on the first Banner recommendation on the home page and give it the largest promotion resources in the website. At the same time, he communicated with the commercial director, Ding Jian, to give Mo Wenwei's new album a special pop-up window on YY at eight o 'clock this evening. The pop-up window faced all online YY users. It happened to be midsummer at the end of June, so he asked the commercial department's copywriter to think of a theme to promote Mo Wenwei's song Fruit of Midsummer.

Ding Jian did not dare to neglect and personally arranged for supervision.

At four o 'clock in the afternoon, Du Wei had already finished recording two songs. The post-production would be completed tomorrow afternoon or the morning after the day after tomorrow. The final product would also come out at that time.

Li Mu couldn't wait. Tonight, he would give Mo Wenwei a super gift that she had never dreamed of. He didn't know how she would feel after receiving this gift. However, Li Mu was more concerned about how she would repay this favor with practical actions when Du Wei's Next Stop Heavenly Queen was ready to hit the charts in Hong Kong.

She was a smart person. She must understand that the way to return the favor was to help Du Wei with all her strength. That was all.

…

In the afternoon, Mo Wenwei's new album Sentimental Momo had been put on the banner on the home page of Easy Listening website.

Easy Listening website was well-deserved No. 1 in the field of music auditions in the Mainland. Therefore, since the afternoon, the number of people who paid attention to Mo Wenwei's album began to increase.

However, Li Mu did not instruct Easy Listening website to promote the Fruit of Midsummer. They just promoted the whole album. The task of promoting the title song was left to YY, which was more powerful. Compared with YY, Easy Listening website was only responsible for warming up the scene. YY was the real highlight!

At eight o 'clock in the evening, tens of millions of YY users all over the country received a pop-up advertisement in the lower right corner at the same time.

During this time, YY users had been used to this kind of small pop-up window. Because the content of YY was basically not hard, there were all kinds of inquiries and soft advertisements, so the users did not reject it. This time, the content of the small pop-up window was very simple. There was a personal photo of Mo Wenwei's new album cover, and then there was a hyperlink with two sentences:

The first line: "You once said that you would love me forever …"

The second line: "Click to listen to the most sad love story of this summer …"

As long as the user clicked on the hyperlink, the song page of Easy Listening website "Fruit of Midsummer" would automatically open in IE and automatically start to play.

The whole text was very simple, and there was no flashy content. However, the conversion rate of this pop-up advertisement reached 25%, which was very high among the pop-up windows in music.

25%, in other words, in one night, millions of people listened to this song "Fruit of Midsummer".

As a song that was originally going to be popular this summer, it itself had the foundation and quality to be popular. As long as the promotion rhythm kept up, it was very easy to make it popular a month earlier. However, it was difficult to make this song completely popular in one night, even the record company itself. Because if the record company wanted to achieve such a strong promotion and delivery ability, the investment required would be frighteningly high. For a record company with a large number of singers, it was difficult for them to concentrate such a large amount of resources on a singer. Except for YY, there was almost no other channel that could do it.