Chapter 691

In Li Mu's eyes, a star-rated hotel was absolutely necessary for a commercial center. The importance of a hotel was basically the same as a cinema. Not only was it for making money, but it was also to increase the overall influence of the commercial real estate project.

As for commercial real estate, Li Mu's biggest advantage was his understanding of the commercial real estate business model that would mature in the next decade. Wanda Plaza, Vanke Plaza, Tai Kuli, Da Yue City, Wanxiang City, Kai De Mall, and other commercial centers would emerge one after another. In Li Mu's eyes, their attributes were basically the same. They all fused the key elements of leisure, entertainment, dining, consumption, shopping, and fashion. As long as he grasped this core point, he would already be halfway to success.

Right now, the domestic commercial real estate industry was far from professional compared to a decade later. If he could use the advanced model of the future, he would definitely be able to make a name for himself in Yanjing. If he succeeded in one, he would have a chance to succeed in another.

Song Liang and Chen Ze were both laymen in the field of commercial real estate. When they heard Li Mu's plan, they felt that it was a bit whimsical. But after thinking about it carefully, they felt that this model was advanced enough and should have enough success genes.

Li Mu relied on his advantage as someone who had been reborn and continued to paint a picture for the two of them. "In the future, once our commercial center makes a name for itself, we have to immediately start signing binding contracts with a large number of brands. For example, Wal-Mart or Carrefour, LV or Chanel, KFC or McDonald's, and a whole bunch of other brands."

"What kind of binding contracts do we have to sign?

As long as our commercial real estate project starts, the brands that we have strategic cooperation with must follow and enter. For this reason, we can give them sufficient benefits in terms of store rent or sales. The more binding contracts we have, the richer our business circle will be, and the more customers we will attract. The more attractive the customers are, the more motivated other stores will be to enter, and the threshold for entry will be correspondingly higher. "

The two of them listened and nodded. Even Song Liang sighed. "I don't have a deep enough understanding of commercial real estate. I'm far behind you."

Li Mu smiled and didn't deny it. He continued, "I hope that in the future, we can establish deep cooperation with some well-known brands. Wherever Wanying Plaza opens, they will follow. This way, Wanying Plaza will save us the trouble of repeatedly attracting customers."

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "I hope that in the future, every Wanying Plaza in China can achieve the same quality of service. Consumers will be used to Wanying Plaza in their own cities and get used to Wanying Plaza's business model. In the future, it doesn't matter if the consumer moves from Beijing to Shanghai or from Shanghai to Jinling. As long as there is a Wanying Plaza, as long as they come to Wanying Plaza, they will be able to find that familiar feeling and that sense of closeness. This is the same as McDonald's and KFC. No matter where you go, as long as you enter one of these two, you will still find the familiar decor, familiar menu, familiar recipe, and familiar taste."

"I really have to give it to you …" Chen Ze shook his head and sighed. "How did you come up with all these tricks?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course, I thought of it with my brain. This is the same as the development of Makino Technology. They both try their best to make use of all the resources that can be used, think of a way to weave them into a web, interlock with each other, and form their own ecosystem. As long as this is done, half of the problem will be solved."

After saying that, Li Mu pretended to be proud and said, "I'm not done yet. Wait until I'm done, you will definitely be more convinced."

Chen Ze nodded. "Mu Ge, please go ahead. I'm all ears."

Li Mu said, "Other than what I just said, first-tier brands are naturally the key to attracting them. Although most consumers can't afford first-tier brands, most consumers are definitely familiar with them. Shopping malls with them will give consumers a more high-end feeling."

Li Mu had heard that international first-tier luxury brands didn't need to pay a single cent for their stores in Hua Xia. Some shopping malls and large malls, in order to increase their consumer recognition and influence, actively hoped to attract first-tier luxury brands. They would provide high-quality stores to first-tier luxury brands in the form of zero rent, and first-tier luxury brands only needed to complete their own renovations before they could open their stores.

For shopping malls, although this model lost part of the rent, it raised the status of the entire shopping mall. Naturally, the advantages outweighed the disadvantages. For first-tier luxury brands, being able to open a store at an extremely low cost was naturally what they wanted. Therefore, it was a win-win situation for both parties.

After talking non-stop for a long time, Li Mu took a sip of water and continued, "Other than introducing strategic cooperation brands and making our own brand bigger and stronger, we also need to grasp the development of second and third tier cities, and even fourth and fifth tier cities. If Wan Ying Plaza can become the first choice for leisure and shopping in the eyes of consumers, then we will have the ability to become a regional or even a city's business center.

After building up our brand awareness, third and fourth tier cities will definitely treat us as a target to attract investment and provide us with a large number of preferential policies to beg us to go there. Because as long as we go there, there will be a large number of business brands that will follow us there, which will rapidly increase the local business development and citizens' consumption, and even the average price of nearby houses. At that time, with the support of local governments, our development speed will be even greater. This is called leveraging on others to fight against others. "

After Li Mu said a lot, Chen Ze and Song Liang basically understood his huge future plan. It wasn't one shopping mall, nor a few shopping malls, but a business empire that spanned the entire country!

Chen Ze was shocked as he listened, while Song Liang's eyes turned green!

Like a hungry wolf, his mind was filled with the commercial real estate projects that Li Mu described. If Wan Ying Plaza could really achieve what Li Mu described, it was certain that Wan Ying Plaza would become the top real estate company in the country in the future. No, it would become a real estate empire!

Chen Ze was also a smart person. Combining the big shopping malls that he saw overseas with Li Mu's description, he was immediately filled with anticipation for the future.

In this way, the development of commercial real estate was indeed much larger than that of residential real estate. The most important thing was that if the concept Li Mu gave to commercial real estate was successful, the sense of achievement would be totally incomparable to that of residential real estate.

The two finally understood why Li Mu only wanted to use residential real estate to earn his first bucket of gold in the real estate industry, but he wasn't willing to continue developing in the residential real estate industry. It turned out that what he wanted to do was to create a commercial real estate brand that could truly affect the development of cities in the country and change the lives of urban residents.

The name Sanlitun appeared in their minds again. Right now, Sanlitun had another attribute in their hearts – the place where their commercial real estate dreams began.

After talking about their future plans, the three of them talked about other topics. Then, the topic shifted to going home. Chen Ze told the two of them to take this opportunity to go home and have a good rest. He would be in Beijing for the next few days to settle the money. Then, he would study the situation of the commercial land in Sanlitun and prepare in advance.

Li Mu wasn't in a hurry. The development of Sanlitun Tai Gu Li seemed to have happened after 2005. This gap was very long, and it was enough for the three to think of a way to operate it.

However, speaking of going home, besides Li Mu, Song Liang was also a little impatient. He hadn't seen his wife and children for a long time, and he was very worried. He had been busy waiting for the announcement of the Subway Line 10. Now that the news of the Subway Line 10 was finally announced, he could finally let out a sigh of relief and seize the time to have a good rest.

Li Mu also said that he wanted to have a good rest at home for a few days, and then he would bring his parents over for a period of time.

The two were in full swing talking about going home and resting. Chen Ze kindly reminded them, but it also poured a bucket of cold water on them, "This Saturday, are you guys not going to attend the summit?"

Li Mu and Song Liang looked at each other, and Song Liang exclaimed, "F * ck, I forgot about the ball."

Chen Ze asked Song Liang, "Brother Liang, are you still going to attend?"

Song Liang adjusted his shirt collar, and said with a face full of pretentiousness, "Of course I'm going to attend. Wanying is now a new star in the real estate industry. When the time comes, Wanying will definitely be the focus of the industry summit. How can I miss such a good opportunity to show off!"

Li Mu laughed, "That's true. This is a good opportunity for us to make our debut, and we must make good use of it."

As he spoke, Li Mu asked him again, "But if we go back the day after tomorrow, we have to come back by Friday night at the latest. Isn't it a little short to go home in just a few days?"

Song Liang waved his hand, "It doesn't matter. When the time comes, I'll bring my wife and children over. Anyway, I'll be the one going back and forth. Some time ago, I was under a lot of pressure, so I didn't let them come over. Now it's okay, let them come over to accompany me for a period of time."

Chen Ze asked with a smile, "Sister-in-law, if the children come over, can you take care of them?

Do you want me to find you a few experienced servants? "

Song Liang said with a smile, "Bring my father-in-law and mother-in-law too. When I'm not at home, they are helping my wife take care of them."

Li Mu said, "Then if we're coming back on Friday, let's go back early. Don't wait for the day after tomorrow."

Song Liang said, "Why don't you not accompany me to attend and rest at home for a few days? Among the three of us, you are the most tired."

Li Mu laughed and said, "You said it yourself. It's a pity not to go, such a good opportunity to show off."

"Come on."

Song Liang curled his lips and said, "If you really want to show off, just Makino Technology and Taobao are enough for you to show off. Do you still need to go to the real estate summit to show off?

I'm afraid that group of people … "

Li Mu laughed and said, "It's okay, then I'll go too. Anyway, it's me who's going to suffer. If mom and dad come with me earlier, they can stay in Yanjing for a few more days."

Song Liang narrowed his eyes, "Why are you so interested in this summit?

Is there something that Little Ze and I don't know? "

Li Mu pretended to be calm and waved his hand, not saying a word.