Chapter 1284

It was only today that Li Mu found out that a sports car wasn't easy to drive.

In other words, a BMW Benz worth a million dollars was much better than this Ferrari Enzo in terms of control and comfort.

The core of a sports car was to pursue the extreme, extreme speed, and extreme control. It was to the extent that an ordinary person would find it too difficult to drive it.

First of all, the sound of the V12 engine was very loud. At first, it would make one's heart surge. However, when this sound was constantly accompanying one, it would make one miss the quiet sound insulation of a luxury car worth a million dollars.

Secondly, the comfort of the cockpit wasn't good. The position was too low, and it was inconvenient to get in and out of the car. It wasn't really comfortable to sit in either. The core goal of the custom-made seats was to protect the driver's body, especially the spine and neck, so that they wouldn't be injured during violent driving. Therefore, functionality was far more important than comfort.

This kind of thing was almost unheard of in the field of ordinary family cars. Many people would also feel that it was unnecessary. However, in front of a super beast with more than 500 horsepower, the fragile human body really needed to be protected systematically.

Li Mu had once watched a very famous British motoring show, "Top Gear." In the show, when Jeremy was testing a GTR on the track, he twisted his neck due to going into a corner at extreme speed.

In addition, when Cai Zhengmao was teaching Li Mu how to drive this Enzo, he repeatedly reminded Li Mu of a few points: For a rear-drive, high-horsepower car, one must not step on the accelerator when the steering wheel isn't straight, and one must try to hold the steering wheel tightly with both hands when driving to prevent the car from losing control when the power output is too high.

Cai Zhengmao said that many people who didn't understand sports cars would crash them the first time they drove them because of these two basic reasons.

At a corner, if one stepped on the accelerator and lost control of the steering wheel, there was a high chance that the car would crash into the side of the road. Once this kind of carbon fiber sports car crashed into the road, the only thing left to use was the engine.

After receiving Cai Zhengmao's simple instruction, Li Mu carefully drove the Ferrari Enzo onto the road. Driving such a car on the streets of Yan Jing was too eye-catching. Due to the high number of people staring at him, Li Mu had no choice but to take out a mask and put it on. He braced himself and drove the Enzo to the Workers' Sports Complex.

Once upon a time, Li Mu also fantasized that there were so many rich second generations of the Workers' Sports Complex driving luxury supercars and bringing sexy beauties to swagger through the city every night. When would he have such a life?

But when the day came, Li Mu sighed in his heart. The feeling of being stared at like a monkey wasn't good at all. At least for him, it was difficult to get used to it.

When Li Mu arrived at the SugarClub, a group of people, including Chen Ze, and many security guards had been waiting at the entrance for a long time. There was always a parking space at the SugarClub's main entrance reserved for Li Mu. Under the guidance of the security guards, Li Mu drove the car into the parking space. Then, the rich second generations who came out with Chen Ze all applauded.

Although most of these rich second generations were arrogant and looked down on others, it was proven that even they, who were arrogant, had idols in their hearts.

Without a doubt, Li Mu was the idol that these rich second generations admired and worshipped from the bottom of their hearts.

When these rich second generations squandered their parents' money at a young age, Li Mu came out of nowhere and made them realize that there was actually a more exciting way to live in life. Just like Li Mu, he was only in his early twenties, but he had become the idol that hundreds of millions of young people around the world worshipped. This was the ultimate role model of life.

Li Mu and Chen Ze hugged lightly, then nodded to the unfamiliar faces around them who applauded, and then walked side by side with Chen Ze into the SugarClub. More people had been waiting for Li Mu inside for a long time. His arrival immediately made the atmosphere of the SugarClub explode.

With Li Mu's arrival, the first salon of the CSC Club had officially begun.

Chen Ze walked up to the high stage in the middle of the dance floor. Under everyone's gaze, he held the microphone and said, "Hello everyone, on behalf of the co-founders of the CSC Club and all the staff, I would like to thank everyone who is here today."

Applause rang out. Many rich second generations were looking forward to this moment.

The scale of this salon could be said to be unprecedented in the second generation circle. Hundreds of rich second generations heard the news and came from all over the country, the farthest even Nanhai Province. It was said that the brother's Lamborghini was directly driven to Yanjing by a semi-trailer. He set off on the second day of the Lunar New Year and left the island by ferry. It took him three days to drive from Guangdong Province to Yanjing.

Without a doubt, this was proof of the strong appeal of the CSC Club. This club's influence in the second generation circle far exceeded Li Mu's previous estimation.

After the applause, Chen Ze continued, "The CSC Club is an interest club with sports car culture as its core. It is aimed at all sports car enthusiasts who love sports cars, understand sports cars, and own sports cars. I believe that everyone present today is the most loyal sports car enthusiast, so we very much welcome and look forward to everyone joining the CSC Club and becoming a part of the CSC Club!"

"I'm not very good at speaking, so I'm the first to come out, hoping to have the effect of throwing a brick to attract jade. You should know that among the co-founders of our CSC Club, one of them once stood on the podium at Harvard and used his outstanding eloquence to conquer the world …"

When Chen Ze said this, the audience had already burst into applause, whistles, and cheers. Everyone was very clear that the co-founder he was talking about was Li Mu.

Amidst the cheers, Chen Ze said loudly, "Next, let us use the warmest applause to welcome the CSC Hua Xia Supercar Club's cofounder, Makino Technology and Taobao Technology's founder and chairman, Mr. Li Mu, onto the stage!"

The applause was thunderous. Li Mu was about to appear on the stage to speak, which made everyone present feel a little inexplicable excitement.

Li Mu walked up to the stage amidst the deafening applause of the audience. He took the microphone from Chen Ze and bowed slightly to everyone. Then, when the applause gradually stopped, he said, "Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to participate in the CSC Club's first offline salon."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu found that many people were puzzled, so he added, "As you all know, I'm in the Internet industry. In daily communication, I use some Internet terms. The so-called online and offline, in layman's terms, is synonymous with the Internet and the non-Internet. If I create a YY group and let everyone here hold a salon through the YY group, that would be an online salon."

Most of the rich second generations present really didn't know the difference between online and offline. Although the Internet was very popular now, it was far from the popularity and popularity at the end of 2016. At the end of 2016, beggars on the roadside could take out the QR codes of WeChat and Alipay. Now, although the Internet products mainly based on YY and Taobao were popular, the Internet industry was not popular enough.

After introducing the definition of online and offline, Li Mu continued, "As our other cofounder, Mr. Chen, said, the CSC Club is an interest club based on common hobbies. We also hope that the CSC Club can gradually develop into a healthy and positive interest club based on everyone's common hobbies. Not only do we want to pass on a healthy sports car culture to society, but we also want society to recognize that the group that owns and drives sports cars is a group that is young, positive, has enough social responsibility, and is willing to contribute to the development of society. Unlike before, when ordinary people talk about sports car owners, they always use the words' rich second generation, '' prodigal son, '' rich family 'to summarize and define this group."

Li Mu's words immediately resonated with everyone.

These rich sports car owners were basically the group that was criticized in society. There were many reasons for this. On one hand, they were too ostentatious and domineering, which brought a very bad influence on society. On the other hand, it was related to the widespread hatred of the rich in society.

Sometimes, the hatred of the rich in society was not necessarily wrong. In recent years, most of the people who had become rich in China had some original sins. Ten years ago, those corrupt officials and profiteers who embezzled national assets and embezzled compensation from laid-off workers had made a lot of wealth. But behind their wealth was the hard-earned money of tens of thousands of grassroots workers. When their children bought sports cars and stepped on the accelerator on the street, swaggered through the market, and even played with their daughters and sons' girlfriends, how could the public not hate this group?

Even for those profiteers who made and sold fake products, people's health was damaged because they bought their products. Their sons used the black-hearted money they earned to buy sports cars that sped past their homes every day, stirring up a cloud of dust. How could the public have a good impression of them?

Li Mu felt that society as a whole did not simply hate the rich. What they hated was the rich who used improper means to get rich.

In short, these rich second generations who could own luxury sports cars did not have a good reputation in society, which was the crux of their distress. They were also very clear that Li Mu was much richer than any of them, but Li Mu's reputation was infinitely better than theirs. This was not only because of Li Mu's personal ability and personal charm, but also because of his ubiquitous sense of social responsibility, as well as his various contributions to society, the nation, and the country.

Therefore, everyone had a subconscious thought, which was to follow Li Mu in the CSC Club to do something that could be recognized by society and contribute to society.

After arousing everyone's resonance, Li Mu continued, "We have our own race track, our own car trading business, and high-end car maintenance and repair business. At the same time, we will launch a series of high-end services around everyone. These are enough to ensure that everyone can play with cars to the extreme in the CSC Club."