Chapter 1469

Larry Page despaired of these shareholders who were like opportunists.

But he could not blame them, because everyone was chasing after capital and profits. In the capital field, there was always a gambler's mentality. The greater the profit, the more serious the gambler's mentality. If Li Mu's appetite was not so big, the shareholders would be willing to sacrifice a certain amount of profit in exchange for stability. But when Li Mu's appetite exceeded the expectations of the shareholders, the shareholders would be willing to bear a certain amount of risk in exchange for profit. It was this mentality that made everyone decide to take the risk, to see if Li Mu was a paper tiger.

Unfortunately, Li Mu was not a paper tiger. He was not even a tiger. As he told Robin, he was a hunter with a gun in the animal world, standing proudly at the top of the food chain. He would turn a blind eye to a passing rabbit, but he would not let go of a tiger that was baring its fangs and claws in front of him, or a fox that was playing tricks on him.

Although Larry Page understood these shareholders, he still said to them very seriously, "If we go back to Li Mu now and rush to accept his offer, we will face an embarrassing situation. Based on my understanding of Li Mu, if I go back to Li Mu today, Li Mu's offer will not be 15%, but 18%, or even 20%. What should we do then?

Accept it?

Or continue to reject it? "

The shareholders fell silent.

Reject a 15% offer, and then accept a new offer of 20% the next day. What was this?

The price of being pretentious?

If this was the price of being pretentious, it was too heavy.

What should they do?

Now that Li Mu's father was going to take action for real, should Google kneel down and be obedient to Li Mu, or stand up and fight against him?

Kneeling was easy, but not only did he have to sacrifice his dignity, he also had to sacrifice huge benefits. He could defend his dignity by standing, but whether he could stand or not was the key. After all, kneeling and being beaten to the ground were two completely different situations.

These people were all elites. Some of them were proficient in the Internet, some were proficient in computers, and some were proficient in investment and capital operations. However, none of them were proficient in showing off to Li Mu.

Sometimes, the world was so cruel. Even if you had thousands of abilities and means, in the face of absolute power, you would still be so fragile. Whether it was technology or capital, it could not help them catch up with Makino Technology. Makino Technology was like a global, upgraded version of Teng Xun. No matter what it chose to do, it could make its competitors suffer. It had a strong user base. When you wanted to build a skyscraper from the ground, it was already 100 meters ahead of you. In the face of such a strong advantage, Makino Technology could only lose.

Just like Teng Xun, if Hua Xia wanted to develop his Internet company, he had to start in areas that Teng Xun had not done before. Otherwise, it would be difficult to succeed.

Right now, Makino Technology had already shown its ecological strength in the global Internet field. It could completely subvert Apple's iTunes in a few days. How many rounds could Google last?

Apple's tragedy was still fresh in front of them. Although Apple was acquired by Makino Technology in the end, the shareholders behind it had cut off so much of their flesh. If it was really put on the table, it would be more horrible than a slaughterhouse. Although in the eyes of ordinary people, it was just a company acquiring another company, only those who knew about capital operations knew how bloody and tragic this scene was.

After working hard for more than a decade, Google returned to its former glory overnight.

None of Google's shareholders wanted Google to end up like this.

All the shareholders were forced to give up an opportunity that could have flourished and made a huge profit. Then, they sold the assets in their hands at a very low price and left in dejection.

Google's shareholders could not accept such an outcome.

Therefore, panic began to brew among them. More and more people wanted to immediately kneel down to Li Mu.

Larry Page stood up at this time and said to everyone, "Let's not panic for the time being. Li Mu is now only preparing to cooperate with Baidu. In this case, we can wait and see for a while. If it really has a big impact on us, it won't be too late for us to renegotiate with Makino Technology."

Immediately, someone asked, "If Makino Technology's search engine becomes bigger and stronger, will they still be willing to cooperate with us?

I'm afraid that by that time, Li Mu's biggest thought will be to kill us! "

The others also agreed.

Larry Page asked, "Yesterday, you were willing to take the risk. Why don't you have the courage today?

You said before that Li Mu was bluffing. Why do you think that Li Mu is not bluffing now? "

These words made many people feel awkward.

Larry Page was right. This was the psychology of gamblers. Why did they dare to gamble yesterday, but not today?

Larry Page sighed, spread his hands, and said to everyone, "Everyone, I don't expect everyone to listen to my advice, but I also hope that everyone can maintain a stable level of IQ. Don't have an IQ of 160 yesterday and 40 today. If your IQ fluctuates too much, the risk of our project will always be uncontrollable."

Larry Page then explained, "What I mean is, guys, you're all the top elites in Silicon Valley, but your IQ shouldn't only be reflected in your professional skills. Try to reflect it in your daily life and other aspects as much as possible. This way, you can always maintain the judgment of the elite class."

A shareholder frowned and asked, "Larry, you have been beating around the bush for so long. What are you trying to say?"

Larry Page looked at him and said with a serious expression, "Frank, let me tell you a story. I once had a college classmate. He had a very high IQ and was a complete computer genius. When we were still in college, he sold his independently developed software to IBM through his own efforts. At the age of 24, he already had a net worth of tens of millions of dollars. Three years ago, his net worth exceeded 30 million dollars. But one day three years ago, he committed suicide. He used his own belt to hang himself in his villa in Los Angeles. Do you know why?"

Everyone was puzzled.

Larry Page stretched out a finger and pointed in the air. He said emotionally, "Because he married a d * mn stripper five years ago!

A stripper who would take off all her clothes and dance on top of you for 20 dollars!

He had a net worth of tens of millions of dollars, but he fell in love with a woman who took off her clothes for 20 dollars a day. What was even more frightening was that not only did he marry that stripper, but he also handed over all his assets to her. The end result was that the stripper hooked up with his private lawyer. Then, the two of them transferred all his assets and tricked him into becoming a partner in an illegal private equity fund. As a result, he lost all his assets overnight and owed tens of millions of dollars in debt. "

Speaking up to this point, Larry Page sneered and said, "A genius who could earn tens of millions of dollars couldn't see through the true colors of a stripper. He forcefully turned a 20 dollar deal into tens of millions of dollars and a life. This is what I mean by IQ is too limited!

To be honest, I see the shadow of my college classmate in all of you! "

After hearing this, everyone looked embarrassed and did not say a word.

Larry Page continued, "I hope that you can open up the limitations of your IQ and see two key points clearly:

First, Li Mu's true colors are that of a capitalist who takes advantage of a burning house. The more you are afraid of him, the more he wants. If we panic now, it will only make us look easier to be slaughtered in Li Mu's eyes.

Second, Li Mu is very smart and cunning. He can see through the weaknesses of his competitors and hide his own weaknesses and motives very well. Therefore, when we are not mature enough, we must not trust our first instinct, because our first instinct will often be seen through and used by Li Mu. "

After a pause, Larry Page said, "A few minutes ago, your first instinct was to find Li Mu and admit defeat and accept his offer. Therefore, the first thing we need to do now is not to show any attitude of lowering our heads to Li Mu. First, stabilize the rhythm and see what Li Mu will do next."

…

Larry Page thought that Li Mu's move this time was more of a feint than a real move. What Li Mu looked forward to the most was to invest in Google at a low price and reap the dividends of the search engine industry. He did not want to go all out and fight for it. Among all of Li Mu's businesses, the prospects of the search engine business were not very broad. Therefore, he felt that as long as Google stabilized the rhythm, even if Li Mu really cooperated with Baidu, he believed that the follow-up progress would not be very fast, and it might even end without any progress. At that time, he would talk to Li Mu about cooperation, and he would more or less have some initiative.

However, he did not expect that Li Mu's determination to push forward this matter was beyond everyone's imagination. Even the people from Makino Technology did not understand why Li Mu suddenly wanted to add a search engine business and put so much effort into it.

Robin held a video conference with his shareholders and executives. When he relayed Li Mu's monkey, tiger, hunter, and bullet metaphor to the other Baidu executives, everyone agreed to accept Li Mu's cooperation plan and open all of Baidu's search engine technology and patents to Makino Technology.

A day later, Li Mu and Robin held an internal signing ceremony in Silicon Valley.

In addition to the executives of Makino Technology and Robin, three executives and shareholders of Baidu also attended the signing ceremony. They flew to the United States overnight and participated in the brief discussion of the details of the contract. After that, everyone reached a consensus and drafted a contract.

The core content of the contract was that Makino Technology and Baidu would jointly establish a joint venture in Silicon Valley. The company would be called Muye &. In the future, Muye & would focus its operations on search engines. It planned to develop a search engine called "Muye" and build it into a world-class search engine.

The capital contribution and equity structure of Muye & was as follows: Makino Technology would invest US $10 million, accounting for 90% of the company's shares, and Baidu would invest with its technology, accounting for 10% of the company's shares. Baidu would unconditionally open all of its search engine technology and patents to Muye & in real time in the next ten years, and Makino Technology would invest its technical strength to carry out secondary development based on Baidu's technology. At the same time, it would also unconditionally open the technical results of the secondary development to Baidu in real time.

The restrictions on their respective coverage were as follows: Muye & would never carry out search-related business in Hua Xia's domestic market, and Baidu would never carry out search-related business in markets other than Hua Xia's domestic market.

The last clause was a small benefit that Li Mu gave to Baidu. He promised that Muye & would not go to Hua Xia's domestic market to compete with Baidu for any market share, but Baidu itself could do Chinese search in overseas markets. This was not a restriction that Li Mu had made. It was a small window for Baidu's global development.

In addition to this contract, Li Mu also signed a supplementary agreement with Baidu in the name of Makino Technology. The supplementary agreement was very simple. Since Li Mu was not going to do search engine business in China, or even globally, he decided to add multiple entrances to the Chinese version of YY and the Chinese website of YY to unconditionally direct all Chinese search traffic to Baidu.

This was equivalent to a favor that Li Mu gave to Robin, but for Baidu, it was equivalent to opening up more blood supply channels, and the basic business would be greatly improved in an instant.

After the two sides signed the agreement happily, Li Mu immediately asked the administrative and logistics department of Makino Technology in North America to start looking for a new office space near the company for Muye &. At the same time, he asked Fang Xudong to come to Silicon Valley. On the one hand, he divided the work of the technical personnel of Makino Technology in Silicon Valley, and on the other hand, he would use some of their technical strength for Muye &'s upcoming search engine business. On the other hand, he would sort out the technical staff of Apple that was about to enter the company, and distinguish and rate these talents. Most of them would be absorbed by Makino Technology, and a small portion would be released to Muye &. In order to give the employees a satisfactory explanation, Li Mu sent a group email to Makino Technology, and made a few explanations to Tim Cook and all the employees of Apple:

First of all, there was a possibility that the employees of both sides would be selected to be sent to Muye &, and he hoped that all the employees would be mentally prepared;

Second, this was only a transfer within the group, not at the company level. Since Muye & was a subsidiary of Makino Technology, all the employees who were transferred from Makino Technology to Muye & would be dealt with as a secondment, and they would still be employees of Makino Technology;

Finally, Makino Technology would increase the salary of all the employees who were dispatched to Muye & by 10% as a secondment subsidy.

As soon as this explanation came out, all the concerns of the two teams were dispelled.

The influence and brand awareness of Makino Technology in the Internet industry was second to none. The employees did not want to leave this large group and join a newly established company. In the United States, a society that paid great attention to personal credit, the value of the company they worked for was of great significance to the employees. Even if the employees of Makino Technology and the employees of an unknown company had the same salary, there was a huge difference in the value of their personal credit in American society.

This situation would gradually appear in China in the next few years. Even if the employees of large companies applied for a credit card, their credit limit would be much higher than that of the employees of small companies. The employees of large companies could even attract the attention of the opposite sex when they went on a blind date. This was the added value that large companies gave to their employees.

In just a few days, Li Mu's swift and decisive actions shocked the entire Silicon Valley.