Chapter 1199

The entire American Internet was shocked by a piece of unverified news.

According to insiders, Makino Technology provided Coca-Cola with a very powerful online promotion plan. Then, Bruce, a senior executive of Coca-Cola, personally went to Silicon Valley to sign a promotion cooperation agreement worth 200 million US dollars with Makino Technology!

This news not only stunned the Internet industry, but also the advertising industry.

A promotion cooperation agreement worth 200 million US dollars was equivalent to a purchase order worth 200 million US dollars. It was equivalent to Coca-Cola buying 200 million US dollars worth of promotion resources from Makino Technology. In the advertising industry, this was an unprecedented order. What's more, such a huge order, which made people jealous, was taken by Makino Technology, which had nothing to do with the advertising industry.

Most importantly, Makino Technology was very different from the 4A advertising companies in the advertising industry. It was also very different from the advertising resource integrators.

4A advertising companies came up with plans and plans. As long as the client was satisfied with the plan, then the client would take the plan and operate it on his own, or directly entrust the 4A company to carry out the promotion operation. However, the 4A company still needed to carry out the advertising from its own upstream, which was the advertising resource provider.

The resource integrator was the advertising resource contractor. They took the resources of TV stations, radio stations, offline public transportation system advertisements, building advertisements, elevator advertisements, and even toilet advertisements. Any advertising plan that was put into place needed to get these resources from their hands.

The resources in the hands of the resource integrator were not free. Every advertising position belonged to the resource provider. If one wanted to get these resources, one must pay a real cost, and the cost of these resources was often very high. Therefore, some large enterprises, which easily spent hundreds of millions of US dollars on advertising, would give more than half of their advertising plans to the resource provider.

Makino Technology won such a large advertising order this time, but it did not follow the rules of the advertising industry at all.

The advertising industry, like all other industries, had its own rules, and had its own upstream, middle, and downstream. It had its own complete industrial chain.

Enterprises or units that provided various advertising resources, such as TV stations, radio stations, and newspapers, were the upstream of the advertising industry.

Integrators that integrated public advertising resources and provided packaging integration services to clients were the middle of the advertising industry.

4A and other advertising companies that provided advertising creativity were the downstream of the advertising industry.

The cooperation of these three could form the entire advertising industry chain.

For example, a domestic liquor company wanted to promote a new high-end product, hoping to promote brand awareness and recognition through advertising. Then they set a promotion budget of 200 million yuan, then found 4A advertising company and asked them to help come up with a plan.

After receiving a service fee of 20 million, the 4A Advertising Company had analyzed the current situation of the domestic liquor market and well-known brands, and then analyzed the brand awareness of the client, as well as the current situation in the industry. Finally, they concluded that the client's brand recognition and competitiveness in the domestic liquor market was insufficient. If they blindly promoted high-end products, it would be very difficult to open up the market. However, this was precisely the core demand of the client. Thus, the 4A Advertising Company came up with a strange idea. They used a special marketing method to promote this product. Thus, they came up with the idea of a blue classic advertisement.

Subsequently, this advertising idea was adopted by the client. Following that, the plan was constantly improved, and finally, the client confirmed the final product design and promotion plan. Following that, the company spent the remaining 180 million yuan of the budget on an advertising agency.

The advertising agency quickly sorted out the advertising resources in its hands. This product was advertised in primetime on dozens of TV stations across the country, as well as in offline advertising positions across the country.

After that, the company's liquor advertising was everywhere. The 200 million yuan was spent, but it was exchanged for an annual sales growth of billions or even more.

This was the traditional advertising industry. A successful advertising case, from birth to landing, was the entire process. The company paid for it, and the 4A, the resource integrator, and the resource provider earned it. For a 200 million plan, the 4A might earn 20 million, the resource integrator earned 20 million, and the resource provider, including the major television stations, earned a total of 160 million.

This time, Makino Technology won a 200 million USD super order from Coca-Cola. What the advertising industry could not accept was that Makino Technology did not win such a big order from an advertising company …

What they could not accept the most, and what they felt was a crisis: Makino Technology did the entire advertising industry on its own!

This was a subversive existence to the advertising industry!

Therefore, the entire American advertising industry was asking around to see what kind of promotion plan Makino Technology provided for Coca-Cola. It actually made Coca-Cola pay 200 million USD in one go.

However, both Coca-Cola and Makino Technology kept the details of this cooperation strictly confidential. Both parties tacitly agreed to this cooperation, but no one knew the specifics of the cooperation.

…

Li Mu did not expect to get 200 million USD from Coca-Cola. Moreover, he did not need to pay any hard costs for this 200 million USD. It was nothing more than some of his own resources.

Of the 200 million USD cooperation with Coca-Cola, 100 million USD was used to promote Coca-Cola among non-RMB users, and 40 million USD was used to promote RMB users.

As for the remaining 60 million USD, it was the third set of promotion plans that Li Mu gave to Bruce — game embedding.

Paradise Town, which was popular all over the world, had a huge user base, and had more than 10 million daily active users. It was the world's largest online game. Li Mu would add a "Cola Factory" to the manufacturing system of Paradise Town as a new processing system and integrate it into the processing system tree of Paradise Town.

According to the setting of the structure tree, the Cola Factory needed three raw materials to produce Cola: sugar, cola, and ineffective coca leaves.

Since coca leaves contained some ingredients that could be used to produce poison, the "ineffective coca leaves" could not be obtained by growing coca. They could only be purchased from the dock in the game.

Other than the "ineffective coca leaves" that needed to be purchased, white sugar and cola could be self-sufficient.

Players could directly purchase cola seeds and plant cola on the farm.

Other than cola, if users wanted to get sugar, they needed to buy sugar cane seeds to plant sugar cane, and then use the sugar refinery to convert the sugar cane into sugar.

With the "Cola Factory," as well as sugar, cola, and ineffective coca leaves, users could produce Cola. Cola played a very important role in the game's mission system. Completing missions with Cola would allow players to obtain better mission rewards.

This series of ideas for the "Cola Factory" was the third set of promotion plans that Li Mu gave to Coca Cola. Li Mu's aim was that as long as Coca Cola was willing to pay, the "Cola Factory" could be named as "Coca Cola Factory," and the products produced would be renamed as "Coca Cola."

The idea of game embedding almost instantly moved the executives of Coca Cola. No one had ever tried such an interesting method of product embedding. Moreover, it was an online game with more than 10 million daily active users. Such a method of promotion was simply unimaginable.

Other than that, Li Mu also gave Coca Cola a better integration plan. The exchange code marketing plan could be used in the offline game and moved to the online virtual game. In other words, if the players of "Paradise Town" produced virtual "Cola," then each bottle of "Cola" would have an exchange code. Users would have the opportunity to exchange virtual coins and special game items from it.

The Coca-Cola Company was ecstatic about this marketing plan. This was a very ordinary marketing plan in 2016, but in 2003, it was enough to make everyone worship it.

However, Li Mu poured a bucket of cold water on the Coca Cola Company. He could only promise in the contract that the Coca Cola Factory would remain in the game for three months. After three months, Li Mu had the right to remove or hide these items.

The Coca Cola Company initially protested strongly against Li Mu's three-month guarantee period. However, Li Mu did not relent. He always carried out the principle of not lowering the price and not increasing the quantity. He did not give Coca Cola any room to negotiate.

This caused the higher-ups of Coca Cola to fall into a huge dilemma.

In fact, compared to the exchange code plan, Coca Cola preferred the third set of promotion plans. This was because they only needed a cost of sixty million US dollars to let hundreds of millions of players repeatedly see Coca Cola's implanted advertisements. They would also take the initiative to have closer contact and contact with Coca Cola's implanted advertisements.

However, the effective period of three months was really too short. It was equivalent to twenty million US dollars per month. It was indeed frighteningly expensive.

But then again, Paradise Town had more than ten million daily users, and in three months, it would probably be displayed hundreds of millions or even billions of times. In that case, the price that seemed to be a scam would appear to be very generous.

However, after some consideration, Coca Cola decided to accept Li Mu's promotion plan. Therefore, on the second day after Bruce and Li Mu met, Bruce, who was in Silicon Valley, received the final approval from Coca Cola and signed a cooperation agreement with Li Mu.

Naturally, Li Mu was very happy to receive two hundred million US dollars in one go. However, this contract also completely exposed his whereabouts. Now, the entire United States, and even the whole world, knew that he was in the United States.

Li Mu was also planning to secretly go to Harvard to see Su Yingxue. In the end, as soon as the cooperation with Coca Cola ended, Li Mu received a call from the president of Harvard.

On the phone, the president of Harvard said a lot of things excitedly. However, in summary, there were only two main points.

First, the 3321 team had already arrived at Harvard. They had already started preparing for 3321's launch in the United States.