Chapter 331

In the meeting, he used the projector to demonstrate QQ Fisheries and said to the employees who learned about QQ Fisheries for the first time, "Our QQ Fisheries, from the graphics to the operation to the game structure, is basically our original creation. Players use the fisheries as the foundation. Every user starts with six fisheries by default, and each fishery can breed different fish fry. Different types of fish fry require different levels of activation and maturity time. Users earn game experience and gold coins by buying fish fry, raising fish, and selling fish fry. Experience is the only way for users to level up, and gold coins are the only currency for users to buy fish fry, fish medicine, fishing nets, and open new fisheries in the game."

"Our users can also steal fish from each other's fisheries, use fish medicine to treat other's fisheries, and use fishing nets to help other's fisheries catch threatening sharks to gain experience. We also provide the users with items that can accelerate the growth of schools of fish. These items are called fish food. There are many types of fish food, ranging from ordinary to beginner to intermediate and advanced. These items can only be obtained randomly or obtained by signing in continuously."

On the screen was a slightly rough beach. One-third of the game interface was the beach, houses, and fishing boats, while the bottom two-thirds was the ocean, which was divided into square fisheries with nets. On the right side of the game, there were also friends rankings and game rankings. Overall, the layout and function modules were basically no different from Happy's Farm, but the visual effect was not as good as Happy's Farm. Happy's Farm's visual effect was very cute, beautiful, and cartoonish. Although QQ Fisheries was also very cartoonish, compared to Happy's Farm, it felt like some places were indescribably earthy. It was not as comfortable as Happy's Farm.

Guo Haiming said in public that this game was his company's original creation. He did not have much confidence in this statement. Anyone with a discerning eye could see at a glance that this game was a complete imitation of Happy's Farm, just under a different name. However, he certainly could not say that this was an imitation of Happy's Farm in front of his employees, so he could only brag.

Almost all the employees were users of Happy Farm. As soon as they saw the interface and function settings of QQ Fisheries, they basically knew that more than 90% of the game was plagiarized. So, they whispered to each other, which made Guo Haiming a little embarrassed. So, he stretched out his hand and interrupted the discussion. He then said, "Our game will directly integrate the friends of QQ users. That is to say, when users play, they can find all their friends in the friend list in the game. This will make them more sociable."

"At nine o 'clock tomorrow morning, Happy Farm will launch their item mall. At that time, there will definitely be a considerable number of free users who are extremely resistant to the launch of the item mall. What we need to take advantage of is the opportunity of users rejecting Happy Farm to guide users to our QQ Fishery."

"Next, I will arrange the online tasks. The operation department will immediately set up an online water army team. After Happy's Farm goes online, they will attack Happy's Farm's profit-seeking behavior in Tieba and other major forums and incite users to reject Happy's Farm. The technical department will be ready to go online at nine o 'clock the day after tomorrow. Once we go online, we must ensure the stability of the game operation. We must not let the other party's water army crash our servers."

"After the game is released, the operation department will immediately recommend QQ Fisheries to the users through our QQ software. In addition, we will launch an activity to invite users to give away QQ membership. Whoever successfully invites twenty friends to activate QQ Fisheries will be given a QQ membership service worth ten yuan for a month. This can be accumulated. In addition, after signing in our game for a month, users will also be given a one-month membership next month."

"At the same time, after the game goes online, we will continue to mobilize the water army to create momentum on the Internet and attack Happy's charging props. At the same time, we will compare QQ Fisheries with Happy's Farm. When Happy's Farm charges, our QQ Fisheries will not only be free, but we will also provide QQ membership service as a reward. I believe we will soon be able to attract users of Happy's Farm."

Guo Haiming's words made the employees realize the company's determination this time. This time, QQ Fisheries was different from the previous Q Bar. Q Bar was full of plagiarism, and it was the most popular Tieba Bar. Most importantly, it also stole the excellent content of the Tieba Bar users, which angered the public. That was why Makino Technology took advantage of it and caused the Q Bar to collapse.

However, the nature of QQ Fisheries was different. QQ Fisheries had changed its name, and its position was to take advantage of the situation. First of all, when it appeared, it was the time when users had the most complaints about Happy's Farm. They didn't need to be afraid of their opponents and gathered a lot of people's support. Besides, its appearance would not directly touch the interests of the players of Happy's Farm. Instead, it provided them with a better choice, at least on the surface.

In this way, QQ Fisheries really had a chance.

…

At this moment, Li Mu did not realize the threat of Happy's Farm. He had already made all the plans for the future of Happy's Farm. Now he only needed to wait for it to open the payment system tomorrow morning and start to realize profits. The greater significance was to promote Alipay so that it could have tens of millions of paying users. Li Mu was very confident about this.

That night, Kong Lingyu sent Li Mu a piece of news that surprised him: Teng Xun had secretly developed a game called QQ Fisheries and had decided to officially launch it the day after tomorrow. This game basically imitated Happy's Farm, but the framework of the game was changed from a farm to a fishery, from land to sea, and from farming to fish farming. But except for these, there was basically no other change.

Li Mu was stunned. The development of a game took time. Even a small game like Happy's Farm needed a team and time to design, develop, and test it bit by bit. Even if Teng Xun's technical strength was strong, it should have taken more than half a month. Why didn't he receive any news at all?

Calculating the time needed for development, the other party should have started the project after Happy's Farm went online. They had been developing the game with a large group of people for such a long time, but he had not received any news at all. It could be seen how good Teng Xun's confidentiality work was.

Kong Lingyu explained, "This project is strictly confidential within Teng Xun. Only the development team and the leadership know about it. The other employees know nothing about it. The reason why this news came out today is that Teng Xun lifted the ban on this project today. Today, Teng Xun held a mobilization meeting, and all the employees in the company began to prepare for the launch of QQ Fisheries. The news suddenly spread within Teng Xun, and it was released by the employees at the bottom."

Li Mu couldn't help but curse, "This is too f * cked up, really f * cked up!

They are blatantly plagiarizing! This is no different from plagiarizing someone else's novel. What's the difference between replacing the name of the protagonist and the place?

The point is that they did it when someone else's novel is about to be sold. Isn't it obvious that they are plagiarizing and then trying to undermine us?! "

Kong Lingyu was also very angry. "Now it seems that they are taking advantage of the moment when we start to charge fees to launch a siege against us. If they really do this, I'm afraid that a lot of our users will be poached by them!

Why don't we simply announce that due to special reasons, we will delay the launch of the Item Store and let them crush QQ Fisheries? "

"How is that possible?"

Li Mu said, "Their game has already been developed. Even if they don't release it for the time being, they won't crush it. Even if we delay the launch of the Item Store now, it won't affect them, because as long as we are still preparing to launch the Item Store, they can jump out at the critical moment to undermine us."

Kong Lingyu said, "Then let's hurry up and update the version and functions. Quickly improve the playability of our game so that QQ Fisheries can't keep up with us."

Li Mu grunted and said in an unfriendly tone, "Right now, this is the only way. Let's launch the Item Store as usual first. After their QQ Fisheries is released, we will consider which new sections to increase the number of users according to the specific situation of their game."

Kong Lingyu said, "Okay, then let's see what characteristics they have first. I don't think there will be any innovation in their game compared to our current version of Happy Farm."

Li Mu said, "We will know this the day after tomorrow. Don't be affected by it. Make sure that the Item Store is released smoothly tomorrow."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu was a little annoyed. The reason why he developed so many sections and functions in advance for Happy Farm was to distance himself from his competitors who imitated him. Basically, he was not worried about competitors imitating and plagiarizing, but he was most worried about Teng Xun's follow-up.

Social games were realized on the basis of social connections. When he first created Happy Farm, because the players did not have any connections, he had specially introduced various methods to encourage them to invite and add friends, so that they could copy all kinds of connections on Happy Farm. Compared to him, Teng Xun's social network was much stronger. Its core was social, and it was a strong social network built on the basis of communication between people. Although his user network in Happy Farm was also very large, it could only allow users to play games here for the time being. Therefore, compared to Teng Xun's instant messaging social network, his social network in the game field was much weaker. Originally, he planned to launch YY to completely solve this shortcoming, but before YY was released, Teng Xun followed up and wanted to make a social game. That was really a little troublesome!

Teng Xun had a strong social network and had the support of the client. If he ran a social game on this basis, it would definitely be a good time. Now that he was preparing to launch the Item Store, the users were very resistant, and it was at its weakest stage. If they used a plagiarized game to steal the peaches, then he would suffer a great loss.