Chapter 1015

Since Muye Technology had taken the initiative to admit its mistake and unblock the YY accounts of more than two hundred Taobao sellers, the lawyers of more than two hundred sellers naturally chose to withdraw the lawsuit. Thus, the Haidian District Court was finally relieved. It seemed that the birth of the first case of online virtual property in China would have to be delayed.

These two hundred Taobao sellers activated the acceleration mode as soon as they got their YY accounts. They used all kinds of methods to contact and fool their previous buyers, asking them to register an account at Le Tao and place an order. Among them, there were many users who bought the fake goods. They had been looking for similar goods online. Once the sellers that they had worked with appeared, they almost immediately converted it into real purchasing power.

Boss Ma's Le Tao was also trying his best to find external traffic to guide the sellers' shops. Although most of the individual webmasters were working with Taobao Alliance, Boss Ma spent a higher price than Taobao Alliance and still managed to get a lot of traffic from some individual webmasters.

However, Boss Ma's capabilities were limited. Although he could afford a high price, he couldn't buy too many individual websites' promotional resources. Therefore, this didn't affect Taobao Alliance much.

The night before the opening of the individual webmaster conference, Li Mu gave a call to Zhao Kang, who was busy with the Internet cafe chain project.

On the phone, Li Mu first asked about the current progress of the Internet cafe chain project. Zhao Kang had been staying in Shenzhou for some time. Now, he had returned to start preparing for the establishment of the shops. The overall efficiency was not bad. The goal for this year was to open dozens or hundreds of Internet cafe chains as soon as possible. Then, he would make use of the offline Internet cafes, Shenzhou's pre-sales, after-sales, and Taobao's order delivery to make the Internet cafe chain project the support for all of Li Mu's businesses.

After understanding the progress of the Internet cafe chain project, Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, "Get your Internet Army team to prepare these next two days. Go to Le Tao's shops and make a batch of orders. The time to make the orders will last three to five days, and it has to be a gradual increase. The address of the people who made the orders must be as perfect as possible. Don't let Le Tao find out anything."

Zhao Kang said, "I understand. Don't worry, I'll arrange it right away."

As he spoke, Zhao Kang asked Li Mu, "What's the total budget for this?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "The first stage is to farm ten million. We'll see how things go after we've collected ten million."

"Alright."

Zhao Kang immediately said, "I'll arrange it today. I'll wait for your news as to when it will start."

Li Mu calculated that he had to add fuel to Boss Ma's fire and let Boss Ma see more hope. After he had lured him into betting, he would take drastic measures to end the battle once and for all.

…

Not long after the lawsuit against Makino Technology, the first National Webmaster Conference of Taobao officially opened after Li Mu's public apology.

Nearly a thousand individual webmasters from all over the country were invited to attend the conference. Through this conference, these individual webmasters truly experienced the grandeur and boldness of Taobao.

The entire process of the conference was arranged in a five-star hotel. Everyone's food, accommodation, transportation, and other aspects were taken care of. The high standard of reception was beyond everyone's imagination.

On the morning of the first day of the Webmaster Conference, after everyone signed in, they were arranged to attend the opening ceremony in the conference hall. This time, there were three parts to the opening ceremony of Taobao. The host would give a welcome speech, Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo would give a speech respectively, and then jointly announce the start of the conference.

After the conference began, the first formal part was a comprehensive speech by Li Mu. This time, Li Mu had specially made a very exquisite PowerPoint presentation. He was prepared to use it to explain to the individual webmasters the plan of the entire Taobao Alliance, as well as its current and future position and development.

The layout of the scene was very similar to the style of the Apple conference in the future. After Li Mu appeared on stage, only the stage lights remained. Behind him was a large background screen, which could project Li Mu's PowerPoint onto the large screen on the stage.

Li Mu walked out amidst the applause of nearly a thousand individual webmasters. After greeting everyone, Li Mu began his speech for the day. The theme of the speech was: How to Create a Quality Channel for Traffic Monetization.

Just from the title, it could be seen that Li Mu's speech this time was completely centered around individual webmasters. He focused on traffic monetization, which was also the most important issue for individual webmasters.

No matter what kind of website an individual webmaster created, the most important goal was how to better monetize the traffic on his website. They were like the owners of a private coal mine. The only production was coal, so the most concerned problem was nothing more than how to sell their coal at a high price.

Focusing on the monetization of traffic, Li Mu said, "Everyone here today is the leader of the country's individual webmasters. I have seen everyone's registration information. Among the nearly a thousand individual webmasters attending today, 80% of them have been building their websites for more than a year; 63% have been building their websites for more than two years. That is to say, most of you have been operating websites for longer than me. In other words, you are all my seniors."

Li Mu's humble attitude made many people in the audience feel a little ashamed. Li Mu called himself a senior. Perhaps it was not an exaggeration, but for them, they could not help but feel a little ashamed. In contrast, they had been in the industry for a longer time, but their achievements were worlds apart from Li Mu's.

At present, the annual net profit of the best individual website in the country did not exceed one million. Compared with a billionaire like Li Mu, who was worth tens of billions, it was like the difference between heaven and earth.

There was once a website that achieved a goal of more than one million in annual profit, but unfortunately, this website had now been acquired by Li Mu's Makino Technology and completely withdrawn from the Internet stage. This website was hao123.

At this moment, the PowerPoint on the big screen behind Li Mu suddenly changed its interface. On a dark blue background, a line of words was written in the middle: The basic way to monetize traffic is to advertise.

Then, Li Mu said, "I believe that everyone must be experts in obtaining traffic. Many of you are even experts in SEO and keyword guidance. I also believe that no matter which vertical category your website focuses on, you must have a very good foundation of traffic and content. However, before the emergence of the Taobao Alliance, everyone was unable to achieve the ultimate in the issue of monetization of traffic. That is to say, all the traffic advertising that you sold before joining the Taobao Alliance was sold at a loss."

For the fastest and error-free novel reading, please visit