Chapter 42

Under the scorching summer afternoon sun, Li Mu hurriedly got into Chen Wan's car. The first thing he said was to ask Chen Wan to take him to the Jin 'an driving school registration point first.

Chen Wan didn't ask much. In her opinion, Li Mu really should get a driver's license. It wasn't enough to drive. It would be troublesome if he was caught driving without a license.

After waiting for Chen Wan for about ten minutes, it was about two o 'clock when Chen Wan drove to the registration point. Li Mu saw many young boys and girls queuing at the registration point from afar. Before the car stopped, he saw Su Yingxue, who was at the end of the line.

Su Yingxue was at the end of the line. She didn't follow the line to the front. Her face was calm as usual, but there was a hint of anxiety in her eyes.

It wasn't until she saw Li Mu get out of the Audi that Su Yingxue's anxiety finally disappeared. But then she saw the beautiful young woman in the driver's seat. She was a little confused and inexplicably uncertain.

As soon as Li Mu got out of the car, he ran to Su Yingxue and asked her, "How long have you been here?"

"A few minutes."

Su Yingxue smiled slightly. She wanted to ask Li Mu who was driving, but after thinking about it carefully, she didn't seem to have a reason to ask such a question, so she gave up in her heart.

Li Mu glanced at the about thirty or forty people in front of him and couldn't help but sigh. "There are really a lot of people."

"Yes." Su Yingxue nodded. "They are all high school graduates."

Li Mu smiled. "You have to protect yourself from the sun when you are learning to drive in this season."

Thinking back to the pain of learning to drive after graduating from college, Li Mu had a lingering fear.

Nearly twenty students in a car. It was hot in the car and scorching outside in the summer. They couldn't even touch the steering wheel after waiting for a whole day. After learning to drive, even the fairest girl would be tanned.

Looking at Su Yingxue's fair skin, Li Mu couldn't help but worry for her.

Su Yingxue casually said, "It's good to bask in the sun. You'll have a healthier complexion."

"That's true. Who asked you to be born beautiful?"

Li Mu shrugged and smiled. With Su Yingxue's facial features and temperament, a little tan should have a negligible effect on her beauty.

Being praised by Li Mu, Su Yingxue actually felt a little embarrassed. In the past, compliments from the opposite sex would never make her feel this way. She didn't know what was wrong with her today, so she quickly changed the topic. "What about your best friend who always went to school with you?

He didn't plan to learn driving with you? "

Li Mu slapped his forehead, his face full of regret. "Aiya, I really value my lover more than my friends."

Then, without looking at Su Yingxue's blushing face, she took out her phone and called Zhao Kang.

No one answered.

What the hell?

Li Mu called again, but it was still the same. He had no choice but to send a text message. "I'm at the registration point of Jinan Driving School. Come to register as soon as you see it. If you can't make it, send me your ID number, and I'll register for you."

Seeing that Li Mu had bought a phone, Su Yingxue said with a little dissatisfaction, "I've already left my phone number for you on QQ. Why didn't you tell me your number after you bought a phone?"

Li Mu quickly smiled apologetically. "I forgot. I just bought it, and I'm not used to it yet."

Saying this, Li Mu handed the phone to Su Yingxue. "You call your phone, and we'll save our numbers."

While Li Mu and Su Yingxue were chatting, many young men in the line around them had been secretly looking at Su Yingxue. Their eyes were full of expectation, as if they all hoped to learn to drive in the same class as a goddess like Su Yingxue.

After Li Mu and Su Yingxue saved their phone numbers, a guy in the front row with a three-seven hairstyle suddenly came out and went straight to Li Mu.

He had been observing Su Yingxue for a long time. When he saw Li Mu and Su Yingxue chatting together, he was a little surprised. After secretly looking at Li Mu for a long time, he decided to take action.

"Hey, Chen Mu!"

The three-seven hairstyle shouted at Li Mu enthusiastically. He walked up to Li Mu in a few steps and put his arm around Li Mu's neck. He pretended to be very familiar with him and said, "I almost couldn't recognize you if you changed your hairstyle!"

Li Mu frowned. This guy in front of him looked very familiar, especially the three-seven hairstyle. He looked like a Japanese who acted like a dog in an anti-Japanese war drama. However, he really couldn't figure out who he was at the moment. However, he shouldn't be familiar with him. Otherwise, how could he even call his name wrong?

The three-seven hairstyle had the same feeling about Li Mu. He also felt that Li Mu looked very familiar. After thinking for a long time, he vaguely remembered that Li Mu seemed to be the son of a worker in the West Ridge Coal Mine. His name was something Mu. His intuition helped him come up with the name Chen Mu.

The three-seven hairstyle went up to get close to Su Yingxue, but he realized that Li Mu didn't respond to him. He was angry in his heart. He looked at the frowning Su Yingxue, then hurriedly said to Li Mu, "You brat, we've been childhood friends for so many years. You're pretending that you don't know me when we're out of the district. That's not good enough!

I, Guo Yuhang, have always treated you as a good brother! "

Oh, Guo Yuhang.

Li Mu remembered.

He was the famous spoiled brat of the West Ridge Coal Mine.

His father was the mine manager of the West Ridge Coal Mine, Guo Lin. Although they had lived in the same district for more than ten years, Li Mu didn't have much contact with him in his previous life. He had only heard many of the children of the West Ridge Coal Mine's workers scolding him behind his back. Guo Yuhang was an arrogant, arrogant, and condescending person. Even if the adults in the district greeted him warmly, he wouldn't even acknowledge them.

In Li Mu's impression, his father, Guo Lin, was an old bureaucrat of a state-owned enterprise. He had been the mine manager of the West Ridge Coal Mine for close to ten years. Just the rumors of his embezzlement in the West Ridge Coal Mine's internal department alone would roughly amount to tens of millions. Some people even said that he had embezzled more than a hundred million over the years. But in the end, the West Ridge Coal Mine's production dropped, the mine dried up, and even went bankrupt.

Guo Yuhang was Guo Lin's only son. He had been pampered since he was young. He didn't do anything proper when he was in junior high, and would fool around all day long. The only two skills he had in life were spending money and playing with women. He loved to hook up with young girls the most, and caused a lot of trouble, but his father had to pay to settle it. It was said that he didn't go to school after high school, and his father spent money to get him into the Fifth High School until he graduated from high school.

Speaking of Guo Yuhang, this kid's net worth exceeded a hundred million after 2010. There was no other reason. Since 2001, his father had bought him more than ten properties in Beijing. Later on, the value of the properties in Beijing rose like a rocket. He was a spoiled brat who only knew how to eat, drink, and have fun in Beijing, but in the end, he became a big winner in life. When Li Mu, who also drifted in Beijing, heard about this, he would sigh about the difference in life.

Because he knew what kind of person Guo Yuhang was, Li Mu wasn't interested in him at all. Furthermore, he could see through Guo Yuhang's intention of taking the initiative to get close to him. It was nothing more than seeing him talking to Su Yingxue, and wanted to use him as a connection.