Chapter 1627

When Wei Lan rushed to Purple Cloud Villa, she saw the dog that Li Mu had just raised for the first time.

As a purebred corgi from the royal family, the dog had only been at Purple Cloud Villa for a few days, but he had already turned himself into a little mutt.

The courtyard of Li Mu's house was quite big, and the lawn was also big. Although it wasn't as big as Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle, there was only this dog running around inside. In addition, Li Mu didn't have much time to comb his hair, so he looked a little less elegant than when he first arrived.

Wei Lan had seen this dog in the news, but this was the first time she had seen it with her own eyes. Corgis were cuter than most breeds of dogs, so she liked it very much at first sight.

After playing with the dog in the courtyard for a long time, Wei Lan asked Li Mu, "Where are you going this time?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going to Yun Province to take a look at the production team. They're almost done, so I'm going to visit them while the main actors haven't left yet."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "They're almost done, so I'm going to take a look. Oh right, where is the production team?"

Li Mu said, "The current filming location is about a hundred kilometers away from Spring City."

Wei Lan said, "That's quite troublesome. How many days are you staying?"

Li Mu said, "Tomorrow. I'll first meet the cast and greet them, then I'll set aside a day to look at the set and understand some things about the progress. If everything goes smoothly, I'll come back the day after tomorrow."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Two or three days. How are you going to get there?"

Li Mu said, "I'll charter a plane there. When I reach Spring City, I'll use the airline's helicopter."

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "Since you're chartering a plane the whole way, why don't you bring the dog along?"

"Why would I bring it …" Li Mu said awkwardly, "I'm already so busy that I don't have time to take care of it."

Wei Lan threw the tennis ball in her hand. Seeing the dog happily run over to pick it up, she turned to Li Mu and said, "There are many benefits to bringing the dog. First, it can be used for publicity. Everyone knows that the Queen gave you a dog, but you've never officially brought it out on screen. If you bring the dog to the production team of Flying Tigers, there will be a lot of news for the media to report."

Wei Lan paused and said, "Look, for example, when the Queen's corgi goes out with you for the first time, or when you visit the production team of Flying Tigers for the first time, everyone can trace the relationship between you and the royal family through the dog. They can even trace it to the diplomatic relationship between Hua Xia and England. Through reporting on Flying Tigers, they can also increase their understanding of the movie. You, the production team, and the dog, the three of you can promote each other and create more topics for each other to talk about. Isn't that good?"

Li Mu was stunned for a moment, then he nodded and said in agreement, "What you said seems to make sense …"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "It doesn't seem to make sense, it really makes sense. If you bring the dog given by the Queen to visit the production team, it will definitely become the entertainment news of all the major media, and it will definitely be positive. What a good opportunity."

Li Mu looked at the dog running over with the ball in its mouth. He couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Wei Lan's perspective was much more comprehensive than his. He thought that he was going out and there was no one to take care of the dog at home, so he asked for Wei Lan's help. However, when Wei Lan heard that he was going to visit the production team in Yun Province, she could immediately analyze it to this level. This kind of thinking was not something that could be obtained by rebirth, but it was cultivated through her own accomplishments, years of study, life, and work.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "In that case, I'll listen to you. I'll bring it with me tomorrow. There shouldn't be any trouble at the airport, right?"

Wei Lan nodded and said with a smile, "It's much more troublesome to take civil aviation. It can only be checked in, but charter flights are up to you. It's no problem to let it sit next to you. Besides, it's a domestic flight, so there's no need for quarantine."

"You're right." Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'll give Ziwei a call and let her know."

Wei Lan said, "Then I'll make this trip for nothing. Aren't you going to compensate me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll send the dog back to the house later. Let's go out and eat something good."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "I have a friend who opened a Japanese restaurant. The ingredients are very good. Do you want to try it?"

Li Mu said, "Okay, I'm fine with anything."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "Then I'll let her know."

Then, Wei Lan took out her phone and sent a text message while asking Li Mu, "How's the product that specializes in food delivery that you mentioned last time?"

Li Mu said, "All the work has been arranged. It's going to start in full force right away."

Wei Lan said in surprise, "Oh my god, you're really going to do it just like that?"

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "What else? I can't just wait for others to do it before I follow suit, right?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I just think it's quite incredible. When I heard you say it, I thought it was just a beautiful idea of yours. I didn't expect it to really happen."

Li Mu said, "It's not easy to find a good project. How can I just stay at the stage of fantasy?"

Wei Lan smiled sweetly and said, "I like how you go all out in everything you do."

At this moment, Wei Lan received a message on her phone. After she finished reading it, she raised her head and said to Li Mu, "My friend said that there's bluefin tuna that just arrived today. There's also a chef from Japan who's very good at making sushi. Shall we go over now?"

Li Mu nodded and said to Wei Lan, "Let's go in my car. You can park your car in the garage. I'll send the dog in first."

A faint blush appeared on Wei Lan's pretty face and she asked, "Is it convenient for you to take me in tonight?"

Li Mu said subconsciously, "It's convenient. Why do you ask …"

Wei Lan blinked and said with a smile, "I'm afraid that I'll collide with your confidante. Where's Ziqiu?"

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "School has started for Ziqiu. She's going back to school."

Wei Lan asked again, "Where's Ying Xue?"

"In my hometown in Haizhou."

Wei Lan asked curiously, "Aren't you going to Harvard?

Why haven't you left yet? "

Li Mu said, "School starts later in the fall there. It'll probably be another ten days or half a month."

Wei Lan nodded and said to Li Mu, "Hurry up and send the dog. I'll wait for you in the garage."

Wei Lan's car was originally parked on the cement road at the entrance of the villa. She originally thought that Li Mu didn't have time to accompany her, so she came to pick up the dog and leave. However, since he was leaving tomorrow and he was living alone, it would naturally be best if she could stay and accompany him.

She reversed the car into the garage and parked it side by side with Li Mu's Benz off-road. Li Mu had already sent the dog back to the house and walked out himself.

Before they reached the garage, Li Mu remotely opened the car door and said to Wei Lan, "Get in the car."

Wei Lan nodded and opened the door to sit in the front passenger seat. Only then did Li Mu walk to the front and sit in the driver's seat.

Under Wei Lan's guidance, Li Mu drove the car to the restaurant opened by her friend. The restaurant was located in Sanlitun. At this time, Sanlitun had already formed a situation where entertainment and dining were clustered together.

Li Mu parked the car in front of the Japanese-style restaurant called "Hibiscus". Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "Her place is still relatively private. There are no in-house meals, only three tatami private rooms. It's specially catered to high-end customers."

Li Mu nodded gently. Wearing a mask and sunglasses, he followed Wei Lan into the restaurant. There was a small brass bell hanging at the door of the restaurant. As soon as they entered, it made a tinkling sound.

The interior of the restaurant was very Japanese-style and very clean. It gave off a light and elegant feeling.

At this moment, an elegantly dressed young beauty came out to welcome them. When she saw Wei Lan, she immediately said excitedly, "Lan Lan, you're here!"

Wei Lan smiled and hugged her. "I brought a friend over to support you."

As she said that, Wei Lan pointed at the girl and introduced her to Li Mu, "This is my good friend, Chen Anjing.

Jing, this is my boss, Little Mister. "

Li Mu laughed inwardly. What Little Mister? How was he little?

As he said that, the girl had already reached out to Li Mu and said with a smile, "Hello Little Mister, may I know your surname?"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly and said, "Wei Lan lied to you. My surname isn't Little …"

Wei Lan hurriedly pulled the girl and said, "Jing Jing, hurry up and take us into the private room. He's a celebrity, he can't just show his face in public."

Chen Anjing didn't know if it was true or not, but she still quickly invited the two of them into one of the exquisitely decorated private rooms.

After entering the room, Li Mu took off his sunglasses and mask. Chen Anjing looked at Li Mu and was immediately stunned. She murmured, "Li Mu, how could it be you …"

After saying that, Chen Anjing looked at Wei Lan and asked, "Lan Lan, didn't you say it was your boss?

How could it be Mr. Li? "

Wei Lan faintly smiled and said, "He is indeed my boss …"

Chen Anjing asked in surprise, "Aren't you working at Wanying Real Estate?"

Wei Lan nodded and calmly said, "I went to work at Wanying Real Estate because Li Zong is one of its shareholders. Do you remember when I told you that I went to work at Wanying Real Estate to return a favor to a benefactor?"

Chen Anran looked at Li Mu, then looked at Wei Lan and asked, "The benefactor you've been talking about is Mr. Li?"

Wei Lan smiled and nodded, "Yes, who else could it be other than him?"

Li Mu said a bit awkwardly, "We're just helping each other, it's not like we're benefactors. If you're talking about your family's Shanghai real estate business, I've made quite a bit of money from it."

Wei Lan's large eyes looked at Li Mu and said, "If it wasn't for you, my family would've been ruined. What's more, it's all thanks to you that my dad could come back to live with me in Yanjing. How can these two things not be considered benefactors?

I won't talk about the other thing. "

Li Mu naturally knew what the other thing Wei Lan was talking about was. In order to prevent her from recalling that soul-stirring experience, he slightly nodded and said with a smile, "Up to you. If you say I'm your boss, then I'm your boss. If you say I'm your benefactor, then I'm your benefactor."