Chapter 932

Ou Guangqing had a very accurate grasp of people's psychology. He knew what kind of method to maximize the effect of a favor.

As for the price that Li Mu was concerned about, Ou Guangqing's answer was, "Makino Technology and Taobao are the local enterprises that the municipal government attaches the most importance to. They have brought great help to the comprehensive development of the local economy and industrial structure. For such enterprises, we naturally have to take care of them as much as possible. Therefore, the municipal government has reached a consensus on the transfer fee of the office land. We will only charge one yuan per square meter symbolically!"

Even Li Mu, who was reborn, did not expect that Ou Guangqing would offer such an unexpected price.

Only one yuan per square meter symbolically. This price made Li Mu feel very grateful.

Li Mu sincerely thanked Ou Guangqing and other municipal leaders for their support and help to Makino Technology and Taobao.

Ou Guangqing waved his hand very indifferently and smiled, "These are what the municipal government should do."

After that, Ou Guangqing asked again, "What about others?

Are there any other needs? "

Li Mu scratched his head embarrassedly and said, "Yes, and there are quite a lot …"

The municipal leaders present, including Ou Guangqing, laughed out loud. They were at least over forty years old. Li Mu's current age was almost the same as their children's. However, Li Mu's identity was so special that no one dared to despise this young man who was about the same age as their son. They even had the mentality of wanting to climb up the social ladder and admire him in their hearts. Li Mu had also been showing his aura and courage as a successful entrepreneur, which always made people not dare to relax.

But just now, Li Mu's embarrassed look finally made them see a little bit of the behavior that people of his age should have from Li Mu. He was like a child who wanted to ask for more pocket money from his family, but was too shy to say it, but couldn't help but ask.

Li Mu's small action suddenly made the atmosphere at the scene a lot more relaxed. Ou Guangqing also joked with the deputy next to him, "Look, it turns out that the famous Li Mu also has times of embarrassment."

Everyone burst into laughter again.

Ou Guangqing then said to Li Mu, "Just tell me how many you have. I still stand by my words. As long as it's reasonable and legal, the city government will definitely find a way to solve it."

Li Mu nodded and said, "There's a line in a comedy movie that's especially good. What's the most important thing in the 21st century?

It was a talent.

This has always been my most scrupulous philosophy. Nothing is more important than talent. Therefore, whether it is Makino Technology or Taobao, I have always hoped to be able to provide the best salary and benefits to my employees. "

"Yanjing has always been a city with a high concentration of resources. Not only are the people's livelihood resources concentrated, but also the enterprises and talent resources are also very concentrated. A large number of talents with household registration from other places are pouring into Yanjing. There are a lot of them now, and there will be more in the future. Therefore, I think that in the future, it will be more and more difficult for young people from other places to really take root in this city. The two mountains in front of them are household registration and housing. Therefore, I hope that the municipal government can help with these two problems."

Ou Guangqing nodded seriously and said, "Since we're talking about land, let's talk about the corporate residential land first."

"Okay!"

Ou Guangqing said, "First of all, the corporate residential land is the same as the corporate land. It can definitely be solved, and we are obligated to solve it for you."

Speaking up to this point, Ou Guangqing changed the topic and said seriously, "But there is a principle: Makino Technology is a private company, so according to the regulations of the city, the corporate residential land can't be operated in the way of public housing. It must be sold to you in the way of regular residential land, and then you can develop it yourself. Because you are a high-tech demonstration enterprise and a star enterprise, the price can be very favorable, but it can't reach the exaggerated level of 100,000 square meters. It should probably be 2-3% off the market price."

Li Mu nodded hurriedly. "We can completely accept this price. Thank you for your support, leader!"

Ou Guangqing said helplessly, "Wait for me to finish. 2-3% off is an estimate. The key is still to see what location you want to choose. It is possible that the price will be slightly higher."

Li Mu nodded again. "We can completely accept a little higher!"

At first, Li Mu thought that if it was operated in the way of public housing, the property certificate could not be specific to the household. However, if it was operated in the way of regular residential land, the problem of property rights could be solved perfectly. It might cost more, but cost was not the most important thing. It would be best to find a compromise between cost and property rights.

At this time, Ou Guangqing said again, "But you can rest assured that if your enterprise has a need for cash flow, and you feel that the cost of buying land and developing it is too high, the government can give you a long enough account period for the part of buying land. We can guarantee that you have land to use first, even if you don't pay a penny for the time being."

Ou Guangqing's words simply moved Li Mu. It seemed that the Municipal Party Committee really treated Makino Technology and Taobao as their own flesh and blood. It was really not easy to get to this step.

With these guarantees from Ou Guangqing, the problem of the enterprise's residential land had basically been solved. Ou Guangqing said, "Let's talk about the household registration problem. As a key enterprise in the city and a high-tech demonstration enterprise, the municipal government must solve part of the household registration problem for you. However, we have not directly communicated with this problem before, and you have not applied to the municipal government or the Personnel Bureau."

Li Mu nodded and said, "To be honest, our enterprise is developing too fast. The current situation is that the scale of the main forces fighting on the front line is getting larger and larger, and the logistics strength is getting more and more unable to support."

Ou Guangqing smiled and said, "I will let Director Chen of the Personnel Bureau explain to you about the household registration problem in the city."

As he spoke, Ou Guangqing said to a slightly fat middle-aged man wearing black-rimmed glasses, who was a little bald and slightly fat, "Director Chen, you tell me."

Director Chen hurriedly nodded, pushed up his glasses, and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the Municipal Personnel Bureau has a more complicated algorithm for the household registration problem, but the overall purpose is to tighten the quota on the basis of openness, so even central enterprises will not have enough quota."

Li Mu knew that Director Chen wanted him to be mentally prepared, so he nodded and asked him, "Director Chen, how many household registration quotas can Makino Technology and Taobao get each year?"

Director Chen roughly calculated and said, "According to the algorithm, Makino Technology should be able to guarantee 300 quotas a year. As for Taobao, it should be able to get a little more than 200, but not too much."

300 quotas a year was indeed a lot for a private enterprise like Li Mu. Except for the national military units, the Academy of Sciences, and the Ministry of Education, which had more than a thousand quotas a year, all other departments, central enterprises, state-owned enterprises, and private enterprises did not exceed three digits. The quota of Li Mu's two companies combined could match that of a ministry.

At this time, Director Chen was still afraid that Li Mu was not satisfied, so he added, "Li Zong, this year, the Ministry of Railways in Beijing only has a total of 300 quotas."

Li Mu was very happy. Just as he was about to thank him, he turned his head and felt that something was wrong.

After frowning and thinking for a moment, Li Mu said, "Director Chen, to be honest, the nature of our company is different from central enterprises and state-owned enterprises!

Just like the Ministry of Railways you mentioned, the railway industry, the coal industry, and other traditional energy industries are the most localized units. When these units recruit people, they first look for the children of the employees. When the children of the employees are all recruited, there are still not enough, so they recruit from the society. Moreover, the society also gives priority to the locals, so he doesn't need too many quotas a year. You gave him more than 300 quotas, but he may not be able to use them all. "

As soon as Li Mu said this, Director Chen was dumbfounded. Originally, he wanted to use the quota of the Ministry of Railways as a comparison to let Li Mu know how much he had given him. However, when he said this, he couldn't refute it. The Ministry of Railways was indeed famous for keeping benefits within the family. Nowadays, which official worker in their twenties or thirties was not from the railway industry?

Some of them even came from the children's schools. This kind of unit would not be able to use too many quotas. In the end, it would become a means for key people to make profits.

Seeing that Director Chen couldn't organize his words, Li Mu hurriedly struck while the iron was hot and said sincerely, "Director Chen, to tell you the truth, more than 95% of the core R&D talents of Makino Technology and Taobao come from other places, and most of them come from provinces with extremely high college entrance examination scores.

As science students, the more solid their foundation, the more potential they have when engaged in development work. In the future, if we want to be at the forefront of the domestic Internet industry, we need a large number of top talents to join us. These people may come from all over the country.

"Take Makino Technology for example. You gave me 300 quotas, but we now have more than 900 employees in other places, and the growth rate is extremely fast. By this time next year, it may more than double. 300 quotas are enough to motivate employees to work hard, but our purpose is to solve the problem of foreign employees settling down. What do you think we should do in this situation?"

Before Director Chen came, he didn't think that Li Mu would not be satisfied with this number. Now, he didn't know how to answer. It was okay to give more quotas, but how much was too much?

If he gave too much, other companies would use this to force him in the future …