Chapter 1112

Although Shenzhen was at the forefront of reform, the number of taxis was still relatively small. It was really not easy to get a taxi at this time.

Wei Lan came out from another gate of Vanke Royal View and waited for several minutes on the side of the road, but she didn't see a taxi pass by.

Wei Lan could only walk along the road while trying to stop a taxi, but there was never an empty car. Occasionally, two or three taxis appeared, but they were all in passenger mode.

After walking along the road for more than ten minutes, Wei Lan found nothing.

Occasionally, groups of people would pass by in twos and threes. Wei Lan would quickly hide in the shadows under the trees by the roadside. This was also out of a young woman's instinct to protect herself in the middle of the night. The drunk men walking on the street made her feel a little worried.

Just when Wei Lan was worried about not being able to get a taxi, Li Mu was sitting in the back of the GL8, staring at Wei Lan through the window a few hundred meters away.

The car didn't turn off the engine, but it also didn't turn on the lights. Whether it was the headlights, outline indicator lights or instrument lights, it was all dark. This was what Li Mu wanted. He wanted to see what was wrong with Wei Lan.

Seeing Wei Lan walk to the side of the road to stop a taxi from time to time, hide behind the trees on the side of the road, and even walk along the road while looking back, Li Mu was very surprised.

He didn't understand why Wei Lan had to tell him such a lie. Was she looking for trouble?

After drinking a little, his mind was a little confused.

It was like a computer with insufficient memory, and the entire operating speed was greatly reduced.

Li Mu thought for a long time in confusion, and then he suddenly realized that she didn't have any bosom friends in Shenzhen at all?

Then why did she lie to him from the beginning?

An answer flashed in Li Mu's mind. He didn't quite believe it, but it seemed to be the most likely answer.

Did Wei Lan come to Shenzhen just for me?

If this was the case, perhaps it could be explained.

In addition to this purpose, if Wei Lan had any other purpose, she didn't need to lie to me.

If she was busy with something, couldn't she just tell me?

Why did she have to lie about her residence?

Couldn't she just say that she had something to do in Shenzhen and stayed in a hotel?

Thinking about this, Li Mu suddenly felt a little distressed.

He said to Zhou Zhan, who was driving, "Old Zhou, drive over."

Zhou Zhan nodded and put the car into gear.

A car without any lights was hard to detect at night. Coupled with Zhou Zhan's good control of the accelerator, the car approached Wei Lan at less than 30 kilometers per hour, and Wei Lan didn't notice at all.

The effects of the Long Island Iced Tea were starting to kick in. Wei Lan felt light-headed and light-headed. All she could think about was calling a taxi so that she could go back to the hotel and have a good sleep. It didn't matter if she could catch the flight tomorrow. She could just change her flight. If she couldn't, she could just buy another ticket.

However, no matter how long he waited, there was still no taxi.

It wasn't until a black shadow suddenly brushed past her and the sound of brakes rang out that she suddenly realized that a car had appeared beside her.

Before she could see the model, the sliding door of the GL8 was pulled open by Li Mu. Li Mu was sitting next to the door. He looked at Wei Lan and said helplessly, "Get in, I'll send you back."

"Ah …" Wei Lan didn't react just now. When she suddenly saw that it was Li Mu, she was startled. Her already muddled brain instantly sobered up.

"You … Why are you back?"

Wei Lan was extremely flustered. She tried hard to hide her expression, but she was more surprised. She didn't understand how Li Mu appeared.

Didn't he leave a long time ago?

Li Mu looked at her and said with a little blame, "If I didn't come back, would I let you walk back like this?"

The Crowne Plaza Hotel was about 20 kilometers away. If Wei Lan walked there, she would probably have to walk until dawn.

Wei Lan was flustered, but she tried to cover it up. She thought of something and hurriedly blurted out, "What are you talking about?

I want to buy a toothbrush. After I buy it, I'll go back to my best friend's house. "

Li Mu stared at her and asked, "You've lived at your best friend's house for so many days. Don't you have a toothbrush?

You're leaving tomorrow, and you came out to buy a toothbrush? "

Wei Lan panicked and hurriedly explained, "I wanted to brush my teeth just now. I drank too much and didn't hold it properly, so I dropped it into the toilet."

"Oh …" Li Mu nodded lightly and asked, "You drank too much. It's fine if your best friend didn't buy it for you, but she didn't even accompany you?

Is there such a best friend? "

"Aiya, I've been working all day, so I'm especially tired …"

Li Mu snorted coldly and said, "Tired?

Is being tired an excuse? "

With that, he blurted out, "What's your best friend's name?"

Li Mu had just asked one question when he suddenly threw out another. Wei Lan's brain couldn't keep up with this kind of rhythm at all. She was instantly confused by him and blurted out, "Ah?

I don't know … "

Li Mu didn't hesitate at all and immediately asked, "You don't know what your best friend's name is?"

"I … I forgot …"

"Forgot?" Li Mu frowned. "What's my name?"

"Li Mu …"

Li Mu frowned slightly. "What's your best friend's surname?"

Wei Lan was frightened by Li Mu's aggressive attitude. In addition, she had just said the two words, Li Mu, so she subconsciously said, "Li …"

Li Mu instantly blurted out, "Is her name Li Ziwei?"

Wei Lan's mind was completely in a mess. She nodded in a daze. "Yes, her name is Li Ziwei …"

"Li Ziwei is my assistant. When did she become your best friend?

Besides, she doesn't live in this neighborhood. She lives in the same neighborhood as me, upstairs and downstairs! "

Wei Lan was speechless. Her big eyes avoided Li Mu's questioning gaze, and she stammered, "A name is a name, but not a person …"

Li Mu's voice suddenly rose a few octaves, and his tone also became stricter. "You're still lying!

Are there any words of truth left? "

Wei Lan was frightened by Li Mu's attitude. She was stunned for a moment, and all the grievances in her heart suddenly surged.

Wei Lan also didn't expect that she would be beaten black and blue by a boy who was six or seven years younger than her. She boasted that she was a strong woman, but she couldn't even last a few rounds in front of Li Mu.

Moreover, only Wei Lan herself and her parents knew that although she looked strong on the surface, she was actually very emotional inside. Outsiders couldn't see that her seemingly strong heart had long been riddled with holes. The sand castle that she had painstakingly built couldn't withstand the impact of a wave from Li Mu.

A bellyful of grievances surged up, and Wei Lan's tears immediately rolled down. It was like a line that couldn't be stopped.

Li Mu didn't expect that the strong and capable Wei Lan in his heart would actually cry because of a few words. Just as he was thinking about how to comfort her, Wei Lan suddenly punched Li Mu's shoulder blade and sobbed with incomparable grievance. "Why are you so fierce …"

Wei Lan's punch was not strong at all, but Li Mu was stunned by the punch. Before he came to his senses, Wei Lan stubbornly punched him again with tears on her face. She was still crying and whimpering, "Why are you so fierce …"

"I …"

"Why are you so fierce …"

"I didn't …"

"Why are you so fierce …"

"…"

"Why are you so fierce …"

Li Mu and Wei Lan temporarily fell into a vicious cycle. Wang Yuanlang, who was in the passenger seat, and Zhou Zhan, who was in the driver's seat, looked at each other.

Then, the two of them helplessly covered their foreheads and covered their eyes. Although they had been Li Mu's bodyguards for so long, this was the first time they saw Li Mu being hit by someone. Moreover, they could only pretend not to see it and remain indifferent.

Li Mu was stunned by Wei Lan's continuous punches. Wei Lan's punches landed on the same spot every time, but he didn't feel any pain at all.

His body didn't hurt, but his heart hurt.

It seemed that he had said the wrong thing. He had made such a strong woman look like she was wronged.

After being punched several times by Wei Lan, Li Mu grabbed her soft hand and said, "Okay, get in the car. I'll send you back."

Wei Lan's tears kept flowing. She pursed her lips and said with grievance and stubbornness, "I don't want you to send me back!"

After saying this, she turned her head and looked elsewhere, but she never tried to pull back her hand that was held by Li Mu.

Li Mu looked at the side of Wei Lan's tearful face under the dim yellow street light. From the side, her face was perfect to the point of being impeccable.

The perfect curve of her face could put all the female celebrities to shame. Her high nose bridge could not be replicated by even the best plastic surgeons. Her chin was so delicate that no matter how many plastic surgeries the internet celebrities had, they could not get close to her exquisite chin.

A woman like this just had to have a heart-wrenching stubbornness. At this moment, Li Mu couldn't help but fall in love with her.

As a man, didn't he want to be reborn so that a woman like this wouldn't feel wronged and cry?

Li Mu sighed softly and held Wei Lan's hand. His fingertips gently pinched it twice, and his tone completely softened as he said, "Okay, I apologize. It's too late. How can I be at ease when you're alone on the street? Let's go, I'll send you back to the hotel."

When Li Mu's voice softened, Wei Lan's stubbornness completely disappeared. When she heard Li Mu mention the hotel, her entire body was like a frosted eggplant, and even her body withered a lot.

Wei Lan knew that all her disguises had been seen through by Li Mu. This feeling made her panic as if she had been stripped naked in front of him, but it also made her feel relieved.

She had used one clumsy lie after another to trick him for so long, and she had long despised herself in her heart. She didn't like to lie at all, and she had never lied to Li Mu before. This was the only time, and it was clumsy to this extent …

Wei Lan, who had been completely seen through by Li Mu, looked at Li Mu with bloodshot eyes. She pursed her lips and didn't say a word for a long time.

Li Mu didn't let go of her hand. Then he got up and sat in the seat in the second row of the GL8. He gently pulled Wei Lan's hand and said in an extremely gentle and sincere tone, "Get in the car."

Wei Lan didn't move for a long time. Then she seemed to have suddenly thought it through. She completely let go of the last bit of meaningless persistence and nodded obediently …

…