Chapter 1493

The Wan Yingshui Town project had already been set up and was ready to start. This multi-billion-yuan real estate project was already well-known in Beijing's real estate circle. The real estate developers in Beijing were amazed at the huge investment of the Wan Yingshui Town project, and at the same time, they were drooling over the infrastructure of the project.

Since the land in the water town was basically free, more than half of the billions of investment was used on the infrastructure of the water town project. This also meant that the Wan Yingshui Town project was backed by three billion worth of infrastructure. Moreover, everyone knew that Wan Yingshui Town didn't have any spare construction capacity. At least eighty percent of the three billion worth of infrastructure had to be allocated.

Moreover, the water town project was highly valued by the municipal government. This also meant that Li Mu couldn't start the construction slowly. He had to split the entire project into multiple sections and find multiple construction parties to undertake the construction at the same time. This was the only way to ensure the overall construction progress of the project.

Chen Yuan had been in Beijing recently, so he was naturally very clear about the Wan Yingshui Town project. It would be impossible for him to say that he didn't have any thoughts about it. However, he knew his own capabilities. It was already a little difficult for him to manage a construction project, so it would be difficult for him to handle other projects.

However, there was never a need to worry about digesting projects. If he could really get such a good project, even if he didn't do anything himself and just directly subcontracted it, it would still be a huge profit.

As for the film and television base project, Chen Yuan had heard a little about it. Although he wasn't too sure how this project was going to be done, from the information he received, if this project was launched, it would at least be a long-term project that would take many years to develop. The investment would easily be more than ten billion yuan. If any developer could get on this line, it would basically be equivalent to having a hen that laid golden eggs in the long run.

When Chen Yuan heard Li Mu say that the two projects were going to start one after another and that he might not be as relaxed as he was now, Chen Yuan couldn't contain his excitement.

From Chen Yuan's perspective, the meaning of Li Mu's words was already very clear. He had the intention to let him participate in these two large-scale real estate projects!

Chen Yuan was so excited that he couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, if I participate in these two big projects, will I be a burden to you?"

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Uncle Chen, I hope that you can participate in this project so that you can cooperate with us and grow together. To be honest, Wanying Industries' future focus will be on building, operating, and developing projects. In the future, we will be involved in more and more projects, and the demand for construction teams will be greater. In my opinion, if you want to do real estate development and operating in Beijing in the future, there are still many areas that you need to improve. However, if you can shift your focus to construction, just Wanying Industries' project alone will be enough for you to digest."

Chen Yuan came to a sudden realization.

So Li Mu's real intention was to tie himself and Wan Ying together.

Real estate projects were different from the internet. A software used by tens of millions of people might only have a supporting team of a few dozen people. Similarly, a team of a few dozen people might even develop, operate, and maintain seven or eight or even ten products at the same time. However, it was different for real estate projects. Every real estate project needed a perfect team, from design to construction, from supervision to acceptance. Not a single link could be missing.

Wanying Real Estate wanted to expand its commercial real estate nationwide, so the demand for construction teams would increase. Once the national real estate industry entered a period of rapid growth, construction teams would become the most sought after resource other than land.

However, Wanying Real Estate couldn't go down the path of no return by building its own construction team. If that was the case, just the construction team alone might have tens of thousands of people or even more. Leading such a large team would be a huge disaster for the higher-ups of Wanying Real Estate. Therefore, according to Li Mu's management philosophy, these construction teams must be separated from Wanying Real Estate itself in order to ensure that Wanying Real Estate could operate at a high speed.

If he separated the construction teams, Li Mu had two choices. One was to completely rely on his partners, such as the many bureaus and other construction units in Huajian. The other was to cultivate an independent construction team that depended on him for survival.

Just like Apple in its later stages of development, Foxconn had hundreds of thousands of people working around it. However, Apple didn't need to worry about how to lead these hundreds of thousands of people in Foxconn. They only needed to tell Foxconn their production standards, production requirements, and acceptance standards, and Foxconn would naturally do its best to help them solve the rest.

Wanying Real Estate wanted to go even further, so it couldn't delay any longer. It had to start immediately.

Li Mu had the heart to help Chen Yuan, and he also had the heart to cultivate a reliable construction team for Wanying Real Estate. Therefore, he used the resources at hand to support Chen Yuan, allowing Chen Yuan to give up his dream of being a developer and walk on the path of construction. It was a win-win situation for both Chen Yuan and Wanying Real Estate.

Chen Yuan knew in his heart that if he wanted to ride on someone's coattails in the process of development, he had to know his own position. First, he had to be clear about one thing: Riding on someone's coattails meant eating the meat while he drank the soup. It definitely did not mean that he ate the meat with the coattails. Therefore, this meant that he could not do the same thing as the coattails. Otherwise, he would naturally compete with the coattails, and the outcome would not be any better.

As the saying goes, the arm is no match for the thigh.

Therefore, if he wanted to ride on someone's coattails, he must not do the same thing as the coattails, but he had to complement the coattails. That was the best way to cooperate.

If he were to do real estate development like Wanying Real Estate, then everyone would be competitors. No one could expect their competitors to give them a hot meal. However, if he gave up on developing projects and switched to doing construction, then he would become Wanying Real Estate's close partner. In the future, he could become the contractor for every real estate project Wanying Real Estate took. That way, Wanying would eat the meat while he drank the soup. As long as Wanying was willing to take him along, every piece of meat Wanying Real Estate would eat, he would be left with a bowl of soup.

After understanding this, Chen Yuan immediately said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, if Wanying Real Estate has this need, I can switch to doing construction. It just so happens that my main focus in the real estate industry has been in this area for so many years. I'm really not good at doing independent development projects."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "Uncle Chen, if you're interested in giving up on development and switching to construction, that would be great."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu continued, "In the future, Wanying Real Estate will definitely have a large number of commercial real estate projects all over the country. A large number of projects will have a huge demand for construction. I don't want to compete with companies like Vanke, Evergrande, and Wanda for public resources like Huajian. I want to cultivate a construction team that can closely revolve around Wanying Real Estate. If Uncle Chen is willing to cooperate with us, then we can relax in terms of construction."

Chen Yuan was naturally willing, but he was more or less worried. After all, his ability was limited. If he really wanted to develop according to Li Mu's requirements, then he might have to at least establish a large construction company to satisfy Li Mu's overall needs.

Therefore, Chen Yuan said with some uncertainty, "Li Zong, of course I'm willing to do what you said, but this requires me to develop by leaps and bounds in all aspects. The only thing I'm worried about is that my ability is limited, and I can't satisfy Wanying Real Estate's needs."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Uncle Chen, the water town project has the support of the government, the state-owned tourism group has a stake in it, and it has the support of the bank's loose loan policy. When the time comes, the loan for each stage will only be advanced and not delayed. This way, as long as there are no problems with our capital chain, we can ensure that your capital chain is stable and reliable. You can even take on this project empty-handed. When the time comes, I will give you the project and the money for each stage. You can take this money and develop your construction team while you carry out the construction."

Chen Yuan was stunned. He looked at Li Mu in disbelief and asked, "Li Zong, you're willing to give me the project and the money?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded.

Chen Yuan asked, "I only need to pay for the labor?!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't need to pay for anything. I'll pay for everything. I'll even pay you in advance for the labor."

For a project as big as the water town, if Li Mu cooperated with a large-scale construction company, the contractor would basically pay for everything, including the labor and materials. This had a very high requirement for the contractor's capital. At the very least, they had to be able to pay for it. In this way, the bank would release the money for the water town project, and the construction costs would be covered by the contractor. This was equivalent to Li Mu having the bank's money in his hands. When the time came, even if the money was used for other purposes, as long as he could make up for it when the contractor paid for it, there would be no problem.

For example, if the bank loaned out two billion yuan, Li Mu would contract the entire construction project to a central enterprise like Hua Jian. Then, the two billion yuan would be divided into three phases. The first phase would be 800 million yuan, and the second and third phases would be 600 million yuan each. Hua Jian would bring at least all of the construction costs for the first phase. If the 800 million yuan project required 700 million yuan, Hua Jian would pay for the 700 million yuan first.

Hua Jian would pay for the construction, and Li Mu could first use the two billion yuan to do other money-making transactions. Then, after Hua Jian's first phase of construction was completed, he would withdraw 800 million yuan from the two billion yuan and pay it to Hua Jian. Then, Hua Jian would continue to pay for the second phase of construction.

At this time, Li Mu still had 1.2 billion yuan that he could use freely from the bank. When the second phase of construction was completed, he would withdraw 600 million yuan to make up for it.

At the end of the third phase, when Li Mu made up the last 600 million yuan, the bank loaned out another two billion yuan. It would continue to be divided into three phases. After Hua Jian took back the two billion yuan of construction funds, it would continue to pay for the second phase. Li Mu could then withdraw the two billion yuan for other purposes.

This was also the reason why many real estate projects were unfinished. The developer would move the money away for other investments, and the investment would fail. Then, when the time came, the contractor would not be able to get the construction funds, and the developer would not have any follow-up funds. The project could only be suspended indefinitely until someone was willing to take over.

If Li Mu followed this pattern, he could use the five billion yuan of investment in the water town to do many other things. However, if he chose to cooperate with Chen Yuan, with Chen Yuan's family background, he would not be able to pay for it. Even if he could, he would only be able to pay a few tens of millions or even a hundred million yuan. For the entire project, it would be like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water.

Therefore, Li Mu said that he did not need Chen Yuan to pay for it. He could even pay Chen Yuan the money that the bank loaned to him in advance. Then, Chen Yuan could hold the money with interest and use it to do things.