Chapter 1664

While Mars was mired in the global vortex of public opinion and unable to extricate itself, the United Kingdom sent Li Mu a few pieces of good news.

First of all, William, who had just returned to the United Kingdom, had reached an agreement with his family and officially decided to go to Hua Xia as a one-year exchange student. William's school of choice was Li Mu's alma mater, People's University.

Recent polls showed that the favorability of the people of Hua Xia and the United Kingdom was growing sharply. The first time the favorability of the two countries increased was when Li Mu visited Buckingham Palace and was conferred the highest title by the Queen.

Subsequently, Li Mu had close contact with the royal family, output 3321 points, and continued to interact with Prince William. He also bought the Manchester City Football Club and became the owner of the English Premier League. This series of actions once again raised the favorability to a new level.

Some time ago, William was invited by him to visit Makino Technology in a private capacity, which increased the favorability to another level.

The increase in favorability between the people had largely further strengthened the cooperative relationship at the national level. The trade and business exchanges between the two countries were also growing steadily. Even the embassies of both countries had relaxed the visa requirements for each other.

The smooth development of the exchange program also made young people in the United Kingdom and throughout Europe interested in Hua Xia, a country with a long history and ancient civilization. For a time, applications from Europe to travel and study in China increased rapidly.

Even the British fans, who had always looked down on anyone, had recently given Li Mu a thumbs up. As for the reason, it was another piece of good news that Li Mu had received.

The Manchester City Football Club had been undefeated in the previous few games. They had defeated many strong teams in the English Premier League along the way and had not tasted defeat since the start of the season.

The young Ronaldo's performance in Manchester City was like that of a god. He scored in almost every game and had now become the most watched star player in the entire United Kingdom. Rooney, who was poached by Li Mu with a large sum of money, formed an excellent offensive duo with Ronaldo. The two relied on superb skills, extraordinary speed and awareness to easily tear apart all the opponents' defenses.

In addition to the two of them, the young Hua Xia player, Dong Fangzhuo, also had an eye-catching performance. His strong physical fitness had greatly changed the European fans' impression of East Asian players. No one would have thought that a young Hua Xia player could have a direct confrontation with a European player on the field. Not only was his physical fitness not at a disadvantage, but his speed and explosive power were also not inferior. His interspersed positioning often created excellent passes and assists for Ronaldo. He even personally scored three wonderful goals.

Excellent play and performance allowed Dong Fangzhuo to quickly gain a foothold in the Manchester City Football Club. At the same time, because of the club's special care, his mentality had always been in the best state.

Li Mu had arranged for the club's CEO to add a group of Chinese assistants to the club. This group was composed of six Chinese staff members. When they communicated with the two Chinese players, Dong Fangzhuo and Sun Jihai, they basically used Chinese, so that they could create a relative sense of belonging.

However, this group of assistants was not set up for the two of them. In the future, there would be a continuous stream of Hua Xia players going to Manchester City for trial training. There would also be a large number of Hua Xia youngsters going to Manchester City to participate in the youth training camp. The main focus of the group of assistants in the future was to serve this group of talents sent out from China.

Dong Fangzhuo's excellent performance earned him countless domestic fans. Domestic television programs, sports news, and other media often reported on Dong Fangzhuo's performance in the English Premier League. Several videos of his goals and assists were often repeatedly shown on major television stations. No Hua Xia player had ever been like Dong Fangzhuo, who immediately shone as soon as he landed in Europe. Therefore, all the Hua Xia fans were proud of him. Even ordinary people who did not watch football liked him and became his fans because of his excellent performance.

Dong Fangzhuo was greatly encouraged. At the same time, he was increasingly grateful for Li Mu's appreciation of him. So, he posted a tweet on his personal Weibo: "I am very honored to be able to play in the English Premier League and to play to my ability and level. For this, I would like to use this Weibo platform to thank and pay tribute to our club's boss, Mr. Li Mu. He gave me this opportunity and gave me this stage to work hard to prove myself. In the future, I will definitely continue to work hard and live up to Mr. Li Mu's trust in me."

Two hours after this Weibo post was posted, the hashtag # Dong Fangzhuo thanks to Li Mu # was on the trending list of Hua Xia's Weibo. A large number of netizens forwarded, commented, liked, and even left messages under Li Mu's Weibo, thanking him for cultivating a world-class player for Hua Xia football.

After seeing Dong Fangzhuo's good performance and seeing the trending topics on Weibo, Li Mu also posted a Weibo post. He said: "Dong Fangzhuo is a football player with great potential, but he has just emerged and is far from reaching the 'world-class' standard. I hope the fans of Hua Xia can be rational and not praise Dong Fangzhuo just because of a few good performances. At the same time, I also hope that Xiao Dong can maintain diligent training, a clear mind, and a humble heart in the future of his career. A good player must not be a flash in the pan. You still have at least 15 years of career. Keep up the good work."

There were too many "classic cases" of Hua Xia football players hurting Zhong Yong. Of course, many of them were due to the individual factors of the players, but the media and the people's praises were also a very important reason. The so-called praises meant that when a player showed a little ability, the media would crazily chase after him and even put on a lot of big titles. For example, the Chinese media's favorite title: "Asia's No.1 XX". Just this praises had harmed a lot of people.

Asia's No.1 striker, Asia's No.1 defender, Asia's No.1 center forward, these titles had been arranged by Hua Xia's media to be given to Hua Xia players. But in the end?

It still took China several decades to enter the World Cup, and then they lost all three games and did not win anything.

When Dong Fangzhuo first debuted, the media kept calling him a genius, the hope of Hua Xia football, and a real world-class player in Hua Xia. But in the end?

Dong Fangzhuo had not even found his true peak state, and he began to go downhill without turning back.

Therefore, Li Mu specially wrote such a Weibo post to remind the fans, the media, and Dong Fangzhuo himself. A player had a career of more than ten to twenty years. If he got carried away after just playing a few games, then such a person was destined to be short-lived.

…

When Li Mu was giving advice to Dong Fangzhuo's career from thousands of kilometers away, Mars was facing the most serious crisis in its history.

After their case against Makino Technology in the US District Court was rejected, the media and people all over the world were laughing at them.

When a company became a ridiculous monkey in the eyes of the people, it was inevitable that its sales would plummet.

After the Mars board of directors fired the CEO, they held another emergency meeting. This time, they wanted to impeach the chairman of the board, Roland Mas.

Even if Roland Mas was a member of the Mas family, it was useless. The Mas family had already spread out and had countless descendants. Everyone formed cliques and plotted against each other. No one was easy to deal with.

In this complicated situation, Roland Masas only relied on a slight advantage to temporarily sit in the position of chairman of the board of directors. Once the major factions reached a private agreement again, the power behind him might turn from an advantage to a disadvantage.

What's more, Roland Mas had now caused a lot of trouble for the entire Mars Group. If he had immediately apologized to Li Mu after killing the CEO, Mars Group's losses would not have reached this point today.

At this board meeting, Roland Mas found that there was a new change in the division of factions at the conference table.

Although the meeting had not yet reached the stage of immediately voting on whether he should stay or leave, the indifference of the supporters and the clamor of the opponents made Roland Mas realize that the situation was not good.

At the meeting, someone suggested that he should take the blame and resign. Roland Mas panicked.

Under normal circumstances, when someone brought up this topic, the force behind him would definitely come forward to support him. Then, a vote would be immediately initiated. Each member of the board had a different proportion of votes. The votes would be counted on the spot. If 51% of the votes supported his resignation, he would have to immediately step down.

Seeing that the other party had already revealed their intentions, the flustered Roland Mas hurriedly stood up and said indignantly, "Our top priority now is not to discuss whether I should stay or leave, but how to solve the negative impact that Li Mu has brought us. Otherwise, even if I'm voted down, Li Mu's influence is still there. The next chairman of the board won't have it easy. All the pressure I'm facing today will be inherited the day he takes office. If he can't solve the big problem that is Li Mu, then he'll be kicked out before he even gets a chance to sit on the seat. What's the point of going back and forth like this?"

As he said that, he added, "We can put the problem of whether I should stay or leave aside for the next stage. First, focus on solving the problem of Li Mu. When this fatal problem is solved, you can initiate a vote at any time to get me out."

Roland Mass's words made the other board members calm down a little. He was right. The biggest problem at this time was external aggression. If Roland Mass stepped down at this time, no matter who took over, they would have to face a terrible mess. Instead of that, it would be better to solve this mess first, and then mobilize their own strength to fight for the position of the new chairman of the board.

Although Roland Mas had temporarily eased the pressure of being impeached, the targeted pressure did not decrease at all.

After the entire board of directors discussed intensely for more than ten minutes, they came to a decision that most of the voting rights approved. That was to let Roland Mas personally go to Hua Xia and apologize to Li Mu!