Chapter 808

Mo Wenwei suddenly became the object of envy in the entertainment circles of both sides of the Taiwan Strait.

Her rapid development made all the people in the entertainment circle realize exactly how important it was to hold on to a pair of powerful people!

In front of Li Mu, traditional rich families and billionaires were nothing, because no billionaires had such powerful promotion resources as Li Mu. Although Makino Image was still in its infancy, Makino Technology could make anyone popular.

At the beginning, when Li Mu promoted "Fruit of Midsummer", Mo Wenwei's career began to rise rapidly. Then, Taobao promoted her album, which was sold out many times. Later, Makino Technology recommended Mo Wenwei through all channels, which suddenly made her influence in the mainland rise to an incredible level.

Mo Wenwei returned the favor. She knew that Li Mu was going to hold a charity auction on Taobao and donated her most precious watch. But she didn't expect that she would get such a great result. No one expected that the Central Television would make such a high-profile report on this charity auction. They even mentioned Mo Wenwei as an example.

For Mo Wenwei, she felt that all this was because of the great change brought by Li Mu. In her years of experience in the entertainment circle, she had never met anyone who could be compared with Li Mu. Zhou Xingchi made her debut, which meant a lot to her. Zhou Xingchi used many movies to make her an above-average actress. However, Li Mu only used one song of hers to make her become a top singer in the mainland market. Recently, she really made a lot of money.

When Mo Wenwei called Li Mu to thank him, Li Mu was still having dinner with Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. Mo Wenwei thanked Li Mu excitedly on the phone, and owed all the favor to Li Mu.

After hearing the whole story, Li Mu said subconsciously, "Miss Mo, it's because of your kindness. If you hadn't donated such a precious item, it wouldn't have been sold at a sky-high price of 1.2 million yuan, let alone become the top bidder of this charity auction."

"Mr. Li, I understand. It's all thanks to your selfless help!

If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have such a good opportunity. "

Mo Wenwei was very clear that her original intention of donating that Patek Philippe was not for charity, but to support Li Mu's Taobao charity auction. She thought that only by participating in the charity auction with real valuable items could she support the Taobao charity auction, which was a way for her to return the favor to Li Mu.

Originally, she thought that it was impossible for her to return the favor to Li Mu even if she did so. She just wanted to show that she was grateful and wanted to return the favor. However, she didn't expect that her action of returning the favor would bring her an unimaginable return.

Li Mu had used the meme of "doing good and reaping good results" too many times, but he still took it out and said it to Mo Wenwei. Li Mu didn't mind being worshipped by stars in the entertainment circle, but in his opinion, what happened today was indeed the reward that Mo Wenwei deserved for her kindness and good deeds.

Even if CCTV didn't report it, Makino Technology and Taobao website would carry out key promotions on their respective platforms. Li Mu not only wanted to take the opportunity to promote Taobao website, but also wanted to send a message to the entertainment circle: whoever cooperated with me, I would support that person, and I would support that person vigorously!

Before his rebirth, Li Mu didn't expect that an Internet company could create such a strong influence in the entertainment circle.

After a careful analysis, the main reason for his high influence in the entertainment industry was that he had many platforms under him. Whether it was YY pop-up window, celebrity Tieba, YY123, or even Taobao, they all had a huge number of users and traffic. Moreover, in 2002, the acceptance of pushed content by Internet users was surprisingly high. Therefore, the entertainment information pushed by his products could be easily accepted by users.

The key to the power of dissemination was the coverage on one hand, and the conversion rate on the other. The two complemented each other and were indispensable.

In Li Mu's memory, there seemed to be few Internet companies that could have such a great influence on the entertainment circle in his previous life. In the golden period, Baidu Top Music Chart and Sina Weibo had a greater influence on the entertainment circle. The former only targeted singers, while the latter had a wider influence and could basically cover the entire entertainment circle. However, in the era of the rise of Weibo, the content on the Internet was already very rich, and users received all kinds of information every day. Whether it was Tengxun QQ or Sina Weibo, they had a strong coverage of pushed content, but in terms of conversion rate, they had the fundamental problem of low conversion rate.

When Tengxun QQ first had pop-up window push, other products on the market rarely used the same push method. Users did not reject this kind of push, so the conversion rate was relatively high. Take the current YY for example, if the title of a pop-up window push was attractive enough, the conversion rate could even reach more than 3: 1. In other words, one out of every three users who received a pop-up window push would click on it to see the details.

However, in the era when every PC software was pushing, users would receive a large number of pop-up windows of various types of software when they turned on their computers. Not only QQ, but there were also 361 Anti-Virus, 361 Computer Butler, Xunlei, Xunlei Look, Master Lu, Aliwangwang … Almost every software that one could think of would pop up a large number of queries for users. When users were faced with a large number of spam queries and homogenized content, the conversion rate would naturally decrease. Not to mention 3: 1, it would be very difficult to achieve a conversion rate of 30: 1.

In the era of the mobile Internet, almost all software would send a large number of push windows to users every day. At that time, most of the push windows would be directly ignored by users, and even the push function of the software would be actively turned off by users. At that time, it would be even more difficult to improve the conversion rate of push inquiries.

Because of this, in the simple and unadorned era of 2002, Makino Technology could seize the opportunity of this era with a very high conversion rate. The coverage rate was already very high, and with the same high conversion rate, even the least talented stars could be greatly improved after being pushed by Makino Technology. If the stars had a good foundation, they would definitely become popular.

As soon as Li Mu hung up the phone with Mo Wenwei, Xiao Fangfang asked him, "Mr. Li, is that Karen?"

Karen was Mo Wenwei's English name. Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, President Xiao."

Xiao Fangfang said, "Oh, this time she donated a Patek Philippe worth a million yuan. I wanted to thank her in person, but she seems to be busy with work everywhere."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "She is now doing a show in Shanghai."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "Tonight, Central TV's News Simulcast reported about the Taobao charity auction. The Patek Philippe that Miss Mo donated became the top bidder and was even reported by Central TV. Now her Tieba's traffic is bursting, and a large number of netizens have become her fans overnight."

"Really?!" Xiao Fangfang said excitedly, "That's great!

Karen is a good person, and good people should be rewarded! "

As they were talking, Xiao Fangfang's phone also rang. As soon as she picked it up, she found that it was Mo Wenwei who called.

Mo Wenwei said as soon as she got on the phone, "Sister Fang, it's me, Karen."

Xiao Fangfang said in surprise, "Oh, Karen, I was thinking about you, and then you called. Thank you so much for your generous donation this time. I want to thank you on behalf of the entire Seedling Protection Fund!"

Mo Wenwei said hurriedly, "Sister Fang, don't say that. If it weren't for the Seedling Protection Fund, I wouldn't have met Li Zong, and this situation wouldn't have happened. I'm very grateful to you. I just want to tell you that if it's possible, I hope to be the pioneer of the Seedling Protection Fund for the rest of my life, and do my part for the Seedling Protection Fund like you!"

Xiao Fangfang smiled happily and said, "That's great, Karen!

I'm now meeting Mr. Lee in Yan Jing. I heard that you are in Shanghai. I'll go back to Hong Kong in two days. If there's a chance, let's have a meal together. "

Mo Wenwei said in surprise, "Sister Fang, are you with Mr. Lee?"

Xiao Fangfang smiled and said, "Not only me, but Leslie and Anita are also here. They just came back from Yun Gui."

Mo Wenwei said, "Oh, so you're all in Yan Jing!

Sister Fang, please say hello to my brother and Aunt Mei for me. "

Xiao Fangfang smiled and said, "I'll turn on the speaker. You can talk to them yourself!"

Then, Xiao Fangfang turned on the speaker. Mo Wenwei said with a smile on the other end of the phone, "Hello, brother, Aunt Mei!

Long time no see! "

Mei Yanfang laughed loudly and said, "Karen, congratulations on reaching a higher level!"

Zhang Guorong also said with a smile, "Karen, I'm waiting to see your concert in the mainland now!"

Mo Wenwei smiled shyly and said, "Brother, a powerful performance company in the mainland has signed an agreement with my management company. From this December to next August, I'll have eight concerts in the mainland. Can I invite you to be a guest then?"

Zhang Guorong laughed and said, "Oh, forget about being a guest. I'll be there to support you. If it's possible, I suggest you invite Du Wei to your concert!"

Mo Wenwei said with a smile on the other end of the phone, "Don't worry, I'll definitely invite Xiao Wei. I've talked to her on the phone since the beginning. Xiao Wei is now filming in Egret Island, and it won't be finished until September. She already promised me that she'll be a guest then!"

Li Mu listened on the side and felt quite gratified.

One was Zhang Guorong, who was still thinking about Du Wei even though she was about to quit the entertainment industry.

The other was Mo Wenwei, who was also thinking about Du Wei.