Chapter 221

Chen Ze had already guessed that the friend Li Mu mentioned on the phone must be a woman, but he had never expected that it would be a top-grade beauty.

There were so many second-generation rich kids in Beijing, and there were many beauties in this circle, including celebrities, models, and air stewardesses. However, Chen Ze believed that there was basically no one who could be compared to Su Yingxue.

The reason wasn't because those women were worse than Su Yingxue, or their figures were worse than Su Yingxue, but because they didn't have the temperament or aura that Su Yingxue had.

Looking at Su Yingxue and Li Mu's smiling faces, Chen Ze was sure that they were a couple. He secretly sighed at Li Mu's ability. Such a top-grade beauty would probably make many rich young masters who were much richer than Li Mu lose face.

Hui Ka Ming was also surprised. Li Mu's appearance could only be considered above average among his peers, but he had a slightly bad temperament. As for his money, it was nothing. In Beijing, his assets couldn't be ranked at all. Based on his conditions, he felt that Li Mu was really lucky to find a beauty like Su Yingxue.

Xu Jiahui subconsciously compared Su Yingxue with Zhao Ziqiu. Their appearance was similar, but Zhao Ziqiu's figure was better and Su Yingxue's temperament was better. However, when he saw Su Yingxue's politeness in front of the three of them, he knew that this girl should be colder. Therefore, he felt that Zhao Ziqiu was better, at least Zhao Ziqiu's temperament wasn't as cold.

Li Mu introduced Chen Ze and the Xu brothers to Su Yingxue. Then, when he introduced Su Yingxue to them, Li Mu deliberately said, "This is my girlfriend."

The three of them weren't surprised. They were so intimate just now, it would be strange if she wasn't his girlfriend.

However, Su Yingxue felt as if her heart had been hammered six times by these words.

She could guess Li Mu's intention. She knew that Li Mu lied because he didn't want any of the three men to have any ideas about her. However, she was still happy with Li Mu's attitude.

Chen Ze said, "You two seem to be having fun. Do you want to play together or separately?"

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue gave Li Mu a reluctant look. Although it was a vague look, Li Mu understood it instantly. He said to the three of them, "Why don't the three of you play in the next lane?"

Chen Ze smiled and nodded. Hui Ka Ming, on the other hand, was grumbling in his heart. Li Mu was so protective of his food. The others didn't even want to eat it, but he didn't even give them a chance to smell it. It wasn't that he was interested in his girlfriend, but he felt that it would be difficult to deal with his personality in the business world.

The five of them split into two groups to play, but because they were right next to each other, it didn't affect their conversation at all. Xu Jiaming wanted to find something to talk about as soon as possible to get familiar with Li Mu, so he started to tease his younger brother and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, Jiahui has always told me that he really admires you and your 321. He didn't get to have a good chat with you last time, and after he got back, he kept saying that it was a pity."

Xu Jiahui was depressed, but he didn't dare to drag his brother down. He smiled and said, "That's right, Li Mu. 3321 is really helpful to college students. Many students in our school are tutoring part-time on 3321."

Li Mu smiled. He had always heard people talking about the importance of 3321 in front of him. His ears were almost calloused from hearing it. The interview hadn't been broadcasted yet, but once it was broadcasted, he would probably hear more of such words.

Hence, Li Mu wanted to change the topic. He said, "Your school is really amazing. You can easily find a few top scorers in the college entrance exam. It's much better than our National People's Congress."

Before Xu Jiahui could speak, Hui Ka Ming forcefully brought the topic back to 3321. He said, "Jiahui has always wanted to experience tutoring part-time. Why don't you give it a try some other day?"

Xu Jiahui looked at his brother. He didn't expect his brother to be such a scammer.

When Li Mu heard this, he said, "If you're interested, you can directly register on 3321. When the time comes, I'll arrange for someone to review the information. After the review, you can go online and wait for the bidding."

Xu Jiahui nodded. He didn't dare to reply. Otherwise, he would really have to do tutoring for a few days.

Hui Ka Ming pretended to be casual and asked Li Mu, "Oh right, Li Mu, since you can create a platform like 3321, you must have a deep understanding of the Internet, right?"

Li Mu smiled humbly and said, "Actually, I don't know much."

Hui Ka Ming thought to himself, "You're really low-key. Although Makino Technology isn't a big name in the Internet industry, those who know it are all shocked by its rapid rise. Everyone came to the same conclusion, that the person at the helm of Makino Technology must have a deep understanding of the Internet. He should be a veteran in the Internet industry."

"I've been thinking of investing in the Internet recently. Do you have any good companies to recommend?" Hui Ka Ming asked jokingly.

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you want to invest, you can try Baidu, Tencent, NetEase, and other big companies. I think these companies are worth investing in in the long run. It won't be a problem for five to ten years."

Hui Ka Ming asked awkwardly, "Are there any smaller companies?

These companies are already on the right track and are very cautious about investing. It's not easy to get in. "

Li Mu threw the bowling ball in his hand and said, "I really haven't paid much attention to startups. I'm not an angel investor, let alone an investment bank. It doesn't make sense for me to pay attention to these things."

Hui Ka Ming nodded.

He couldn't ask for more details, or it would be too obvious.

Therefore, he could only throw an olive branch to Li Mu. "If you're interested in an investment bank, you can join my investment company. Why don't I give you some technical shares and you can be my part-time consultant?"

Li Mu declined politely. "Thank you, Brother Ming. But I really can't take care of it now. I still have to go to school and take care of 3321. I don't have the energy to do anything else."

Hui Ka Ming nodded. It seemed that Li Mu wasn't going to reveal anything about Makino Technology. Li Mu didn't even mention things like, "I have other businesses outside."

From this, it could be seen that Li Mu didn't want Makino Technology to see the light of day. At least, he didn't want Makino Technology to see the light of day together with his name.

He had no choice but to get familiar with Li Mu first. Then, he would slowly get to know Li Mu. If he wanted quick success, it would be easy to fall short of success.

In fact, deep in Li Mu's heart, he had a strong desire to invest in this industry. In the future, there would be so many good projects in the Internet industry. Just the Internet companies that were listed in China and Hong Kong were already very scary. Adding those companies that were listed on NASDAQ, it was really scary. Many of those companies that were worth at least tens of billions in the future had not even come out yet. Their founders might not even understand how to use computers now. There were a few big fish among them that he could not let go no matter what.

However, this kind of thing would definitely be the top priority of his capital operation in the future. With such a big plan and belief in his heart, why would he be interested in the technology shares of Hui Ka Ming's unknown venture capital company?

At this time, Chen Ze interrupted, "Fatty Wang went to the Workers' Sports Complex for a whole day today. He said that he found a very good site in the courtyard, but it was bigger than he expected. If we get it, the overall cost will increase. The investment is estimated to increase to five million yuan. What do you think?"

Hui Ka Ming shrugged and said without hesitation, "I have no opinion."

Li Mu also said, "I have no opinion either."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "Why don't we take some time to go and have a look tomorrow? If everyone thinks it's okay, we can ask Fatty Wang to get the site and start the process."

Hui Ka Ming sighed and said, "I may not be free tomorrow. There are too many things to do in the company. Recently, several Internet projects that I have invested in are not going well. I will go to the company tomorrow to work overtime."

Then, he deliberately asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, are you free tomorrow?"

Li Mu said casually, "As long as Brother Wang chooses the site in the Workers' Sports Complex, I have no opinion. But the investment can't exceed eight hundred thousand yuan. Otherwise, I won't invest. I can't afford it."

Chen Ze teased, "Are you kidding me? You can't afford it?"

Hui Ka Ming said nonchalantly, "I will invest for you. You don't have to pay for it. Brother Ze will find someone to help you buy the shares."

Li Mu waved his hand and smiled. "I appreciate Brother Ming's kindness. It's not that I can't afford it, but I feel that it's too reckless to invest more than eight hundred thousand yuan in a nightclub at this time."

Chen Ze said, "This money will definitely not be a loss."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I know it won't be a loss. I just feel that it's earning too slowly."

Chen Ze, Hui Ka Ming, and Xu Jiahui were all embarrassed. Even Su Yingxue, who was beside them, was shocked.

Investing five to six million yuan in a nightclub would be able to earn back its capital in less than a year. Even if it was done well, it would be considered a 100% annual profit. If Li Mu invested eight hundred thousand yuan, he would be able to earn back his capital in a year. How could such a project be earning slow?

But in Li Mu's eyes, it was indeed slow.

He didn't have much cash on hand. Using five hundred thousand yuan to invest in a nightclub was still acceptable. But if it was eight hundred thousand or more, he would have to give up. Although networking was important, he couldn't spend all his cash on a nightclub just for networking.

Li Mu was more willing to use the funds at hand to support long-term projects. The long-term project of the Internet was not as simple as doubling in a year. It could be a hundredfold in five years or a thousandfold in ten years.

Son Zhengyi's Softbank had invested eighty million USD in Alibaba twice. When Alibaba was listed in 2014, Softbank's market value was about sixty to seventy billion USD. That was a thousand times increase. Even a coal mine couldn't compete with this speed.

Li Zekai used to own 20% of Tencent's shares for 2.2 million USD. But he sold it when it was five times higher. In 2016, Tencent's market value was infinitely close to two hundred billion USD. If he had kept his shares, it could have increased by eighteen thousand times.