Chapter 1515

After Li Mu boasted about the billion-yuan box office, all the reporters were shocked. For a moment, Li Mu was bombarded with questions about the "billion-yuan box office." For example:

Why do you think Crazy Stone can make a billion-yuan box office?

Will you be disappointed if the box office of Crazy Stone doesn't meet your expectations?

From the director to the actors, most of them are newcomers. Do you think such a team can support a billion-yuan box office?

After hearing these questions, Li Mu just smiled and answered, "I am confident in Crazy Stone because I am confident in the film itself. The success of a film depends not on big stars or big directors, but on excellent stories, excellent acting skills, and excellent production standards. Therefore, whether this film can support a billion-yuan box office depends on the national audience. As for whether I will be disappointed, the answer is no. I think the core story, the acting skills of the actors, and the production standards are all very high, and I am very satisfied with them."

A reporter asked, "Hello, Li Zong. I didn't expect you to take time out of your busy schedule to attend the premiere of this film. From this, we can see how much you value this film. So, do you have anything to say to the audience in front of the TV?"

When Li Mu heard this question, he nodded with relief. Previously, this group of people had asked so many useless questions. Finally, this one was a little more sensible. What he needed now was to talk to the audience through the media. However, he couldn't always take the initiative to talk to this kind of talk, because that would make him look like a salesman. Sometimes, he needed the reporters to act as a go-between and sneak in.

Therefore, Li Mu smiled and said, "I believe that many people in the audience in front of the TV have not been to the cinema for a long time. Many outstanding movies need better audio and visual effects to be able to appreciate their charm, especially good comedies. Bring your lover, relatives, or two or three friends to the cinema to watch an immersive and joyous movie. Believe me, this kind of experience will definitely not disappoint you."

After answering this question, Li Mu pushed Ning Hao in front of him and said with a smile, "I won't answer any more questions. Today, Director Ning is the protagonist. If you have any questions, feel free to ask him."

Pushing Ning Hao in front of the reporters, Li Mu began to seriously calculate the box office that Crazy Stone could earn.

For example, the ticket price was about 30 yuan, for a billion-yuan box office, there needed to be 33.33 million people watching the film. If one in ten people watched the film twice, then there needed to be 30 million people watching the film.

What were 30 million people compared to the 1.3 billion population of Hua Xia?

Not to mention 30 million people, even 60 million was nothing in front of the 1.3 billion population of Hua Xia.

Currently, the domestic box office for the entire year was only about 1.5 billion yuan. In a country with a population of 1.3 billion, this ratio was really too low.

As for why it was low, it was not because the poor could not afford it, but because the consumption concept had not reached this level yet, so there was an urgent need to upgrade.

Li Mu had experienced countless consumption upgrades in the Internet and culture and entertainment industries. He deeply understood the importance of consumption upgrades to an industry.

And consumption upgrades did not rely on the industry itself, but on powerful products to drive consumers' consumption upgrades.

Just like Apple's mobile phone upgrade to the mobile phone market, to achieve consumption upgrades, products with such power must be produced.

Now, the Hua Xia film market could almost be regarded as dead silent. To make the film market prosperous, the reason why "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" could make hundreds of millions of box office and set a record was because of the popularity of the leading actors and the theme song, as well as the special selling point of youth and nostalgia. The role of this film in driving the Hua Xia film market was short-lived, and it was not enough to make people form the habit of going to the cinema after watching it.

In the years of development of the Hua Xia film industry, in Li Mu's view, there were only two films that really achieved consumption upgrades.

The first film, "Avatar," was an epoch-making film for the Hua Xia film industry. It made the Hua Xia audience realize that good movies needed to be watched in the cinema.

The second film, "Lost in Thailand," created 63% of the box office with 38% of the screenings. It became the first domestic film to break 1 billion in box office and set a box office record for domestic films. It also made "1942" fall apart. It was the opening of a new era of entertainment films and completely opened up the domestic film market.

After "Lost in Thailand," the box office of domestic films continued to rise. More than 1 billion, 2 billion, 3 billion, and even higher …

Between these two films, "Avatar" was a world-class masterpiece. It took in 18.7 billion in the global box office, becoming the highest box office record in the history of the film industry. There was no need to mention its significance and influence. However, when "Lost in Thailand" was released, it was only a medium-production popcorn movie. Director Xu Zheng had not really become popular as an actor yet, and it was his first time as a director. There were also Wang Baoqiang and Huang Bo in the cast, but at that time, both of them were not even in the A-list. Furthermore, their looks were at the bottom of the list in the film industry.

But it was these three people who put together a comedy film that the audience supported with their actions. They even crushed the famous directors, famous actors, and big productions that were released at the same time.

This film was insignificant in the history of the film industry, and it was not considered a high-quality film in the history of Hua Xia films. However, it overturned the entire Hua Xia film industry with an overwhelming momentum. It directly led to a huge upgrade in consumption in the film industry. From then on, the box office of Hua Xia's films began to increase explosively.

The quality of "Lost in Thailand" was at least one grade lower than "Crazy Stone." Since "Lost in Thailand" could increase consumption, there was no reason why "Crazy Stone" could not.

Therefore, Li Mu felt that the wind of Hua Xia's film industry was about to come.

…

When Li Mu, Du Wei, and Ning Hao ended their interview and walked into the venue together, nearly a thousand guests and audience members stood up and applauded. When the three of them walked across the carpet in the center of the venue, applause and attention followed them. Everyone gave their heartfelt applause and attention to Li Mu, who was walking in the middle of the three of them.

Almost all the guests present were people from the film industry. There were stars, producers, directors, and film industry executives. The reason why so many people stood up and applauded for Li Mu was simple. Ever since the birth of Hua Xia's film, Li Mu was the most powerful capitalist who paid attention to the film industry. He was so powerful that he surpassed the film industry by a lot.

In other words, ever since the birth of Hua Xia's film, it had never received the attention and support of a super rich person like Li Mu. Everyone was looking forward to Li Mu bringing a huge boost to the film industry. That way, their lives would be much better.

Moreover, Li Mu's current strength had indeed reached a legendary level. Not only the film industry, but every other industry hoped to get the help of such a legend.

Whether it was Forbes or Hu Run, they had been calculating Li Mu's net worth recently. The conclusion they came to was very terrifying. His personal net worth exceeded 100 billion US dollars, and it would soon exceed 200 billion US dollars.

According to the numbers, Li Mu was already the richest person in the world. He should be at the top of all the lists of the world's richest people. However, so far, no rich list had included him. The fundamental reason was that Li Mu's company had not been listed yet.

Not being listed meant that the assets were "estimated" rather than "market value." The valuation was extremely loose, because if it was based on the net value, the actual value of Li Mu's companies could not exceed 10 billion US dollars. However, most of his net worth came from the high premium given by the market.

It was like a famous author setting up a company. The company only had him and his personal copyrights. However, copyrights were virtual assets, and it was difficult to value them if they were not sold. From the looks of it, the net assets of the company were only office space and office supplies. There was nothing else.

Moreover, all the valuations from the capital market were only estimates given by one or a few investment institutions. This did not have any reference value. The real reference value was the recognition of the company's share price by the stock exchange after the company was listed, and the company's market value after the company was listed.

Because of this, there were often cases of a giant company's share price skyrocketing, and the founder's net worth increasing by tens of billions of US dollars overnight, or cases of the share price plummeting, and the founder's net worth decreasing by tens of billions of US dollars overnight.

Therefore, out of strict considerations, no responsible rich list could include Li Mu's estimated net worth in the rich list.

However, once Makino Technology was listed, Google, PayPal, and Baidu, in which Makino Technology held shares, would be listed, Li Mu's net worth would immediately usher in an explosive growth. This did not include the major products of Li Mu's e-commerce empire: Taobao, Taobao Logistics, Alipay … If these three were also listed, Li Mu's net worth would probably reach 200 billion US dollars.

Now, a super big shot with a net worth of hundreds of billions of US dollars came to the film and television industry, which only had a box office revenue of a little more than one billion a year. He decided to personally promote the industry to advance by leaps and bounds. For the entire industry, this was definitely a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Li Mu, Du Wei, and Ning Hao walked all the way to the first row in front of the stage, where Li Mu's VIP seats had long been reserved. Li Mu saw many familiar faces here.

Not only the entire founding team of "Crazy Stone," but also many of the most famous stars and directors in the entertainment industry. These people were sitting on either side or behind Li Mu, so they all greeted Li Mu, and Li Mu also responded to them with a smile.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly had a little bit of vanity in his heart. He finally understood why some big shots who had nothing to do with the entertainment industry in his previous life were so keen to have close contact with the entertainment industry. These people were usually super big shots with countless fans, but in front of him, they were all polite and cautious, like company employees meeting their boss. These were all stars, and the feeling of being surrounded by stars could indeed greatly enhance one's vanity.