Chapter 201

Huang Zhen did not know that Li Mu had brought a few news media from Yanjing. The local provincial and city media had also been informed by Dong Ai. They should be here when the time came. After all, it was a donation of more than two hundred thousand. In the current situation, more than two hundred thousand was indeed a huge sum of money. Even the houses in the provincial capital were only two thousand yuan per square meter. More than two hundred thousand was a proper three-bedroom house in the provincial capital.

In Huang Zhen's eyes, he still thought that Li Mu was a hot-blooded, fame-seeking second-generation rich man from a big city. He had exaggerated the donation amount because he thought that he could please him. Once he donated the money, the education commission would not really exaggerate the amount. With four to five hundred thousand yuan, the higher-ups would probably come to snatch the meat. As long as Li Mu agreed, he could only watch when he went back on his word.

Li Mu despised him in his heart, but he asked with a hint of persuasion, "If I donate two hundred and fifty thousand yuan, can the education commission tell the media that I donated five hundred thousand yuan?"

Huang Zhen patted his chest and guaranteed, "Don't worry, if you donate two hundred and fifty thousand yuan to the education commission, the education commission will definitely tell the public that your donation amount is five hundred thousand yuan."

Li Mu asked, "Isn't this not in line with the rules?"

Huang Zhen had worked in the education commission of Xilan for so many years, but his real experience in the officialdom was not as good as a village official in a rich area. When he saw hundreds of thousands of yuan in one go, he only wanted to think of a way to eat it. He did not care if it looked good, so he said nonchalantly, "Boss Li, you don't have to worry about this. Rules are made by people. It's not a big deal."

Li Mu asked again, "Why doesn't the education commission want me to donate the money to the poor students in Xilan Middle School?

They are going to take the college entrance examination next year. With this money, it will be of great help to them. Maybe this two hundred thousand yuan can change the fate of more than two hundred people. At the very least, it can be considered as giving them travel expenses so that they can walk out of the mountains and go to big cities like Yanjing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen. It is much better than staying in the mountains. "

"Hi!"

Waving his hand, Huang Zhen smiled. "It's already good enough that they're able to reach Year 3. Honestly speaking, the nine-year compulsory education in Xilan County is pretty low, and they're already luckier than most people. So there's no point in donating money to them."

As he said that, Huang Zhen put on a sincere expression and said to Li Mu, "Boss Li, look, the families of poor students in Xilan High School don't even earn three thousand yuan a year. Why should we encourage such a child to go to university?

Encouraging him to go to university is not a good deed, it's a sin. Don't be angry with me for saying this. Honestly, think about it, if a child goes to university, how much pressure will his parents face?

How could they afford to send him to school?

He threw the letter home, crying and shouting that he wanted to go to college, and that his parents wouldn't have a good life for the next three or four years. For the sake of his own education, he would drag the whole family down. It would be better to let him work after graduating from high school to supplement the family's income, or go home to help his parents farm and share some of their burdens.

Li Mu chuckled and said, "The more this goes on, the harder it will be for the children in the mountains to change their fate. Only when more and more children in the mountains get into university and change their lives will they be able to motivate more children in the mountains to study hard and follow the power of role models to change their fate. Otherwise, it will be a vicious cycle like you said. When will they be able to take off the hat of poverty?"

Huang Zhen originally thought that he had tricked Li Mu, but he didn't expect him to start educating him again. He didn't want to respond to what Li Mu said, so he said impatiently, "Boss Li, you don't have to worry about these things. Even the country said that education is a hundred-year plan, and there will only be results after a hundred years. There's no point in us worrying about it. If you ask me, let's talk about the donation. I know you're going back to Beijing tomorrow, so you don't have any objections to my suggestion just now, right?

Announcing to the public that it's a donation of five hundred thousand yuan will give you a lot of face when you return to Beijing! "

Li Mu's face suddenly turned cold. The recording was almost done. Huang Zhen would definitely pay a painful price for his words, and he would also be the first person to sacrifice himself. At this time, there was no need to continue talking nonsense with him, so Li Mu said coldly, "Director Huang, your heart is not in education at all. As the saying goes, those who walk different paths cannot make plans together. We have nothing else to talk about, please go back first."

Huang Zhen was stunned. What did he mean?

He was still fine just now, but now he turned against him just like that?

The conditions were already like this, and he still didn't agree?

Did he really want to come here to help?

Stop joking, a young man who was at most twenty years old, coming here with hundreds of thousands of yuan to help. Who the hell would believe that?

"Boss Li, if you're not satisfied with the specific conditions, we can still discuss it …"

Li Mu stood up, pointed at the door and shouted angrily, "Get out!"

Huang Zhen was also furious. You brought money, and I want to get it, that's why I treat you like the God of Fortune. If you don't even let me touch it, how can I treat you?

What a joke!

Standing up, Huang Zhen pointed at Li Mu and said, "The one with the surname Li, no matter what, this is Xilan County's territory. Don't refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit. If you don't cooperate with the education committee, you won't be able to donate this money even if you want to!"

Li Mu frowned and questioned, "Why?

Could it be that if I don't give the money to you, you won't let the students accept my donation? "

"That's right!" Huang Zhen sneered, "I want to see who in Xilan High School dares to take your money!"

After saying that, Huang Zhen was afraid that he would directly scare Li Mu away, so he threatened again, "Not only will no one dare to take your money, I will also contact the media and tell them that you came to Xilan County to study, but secretly want our Xilan County's education committee to double the amount of your donation when we tell the public. You're just a young brat, we're an educational institution. Let's see who the public will believe when the time comes."

Li Mu was so angry that he laughed, nodded lightly and said, "Alright, I've received what you said. You can do whatever you want. I will still go to Xilan High School tomorrow morning to donate. If you have the ability, then bring it on."

Huang Zhen gritted his teeth and said ruthlessly, "Alright!

Tomorrow, I'll make sure you won't have any tears even if you cry! "

After saying that, Huang Zhen slammed the door and left. Li Mu took out the recording pen, stopped the recording, and replayed it. The imported recording pen used by reporters was indeed powerful, the high-definition recording function recorded everything that Huang Zhen said. Li Mu then called everyone to his room, and more than ten people gathered together to listen to Huang Zhen's words again.

After listening to the recording, whether it was Li Mu's classmates or the reporters, they all exploded. Such a shameless education committee official was rarely seen. The skinny Chen Lei jumped and said that she would definitely expose this unscrupulous Huang Zhen when she got back. The other reporters were also filled with righteous indignation. Li Mu said, "We'll bring the cash to Xilan High School tomorrow morning. They definitely won't be able to stop us. As for him threatening to smear my name in the media, I have these recordings as evidence, and with the Beijing media here, I'm not worried at all."

Chen Lei said, "Li Mu, don't worry, he won't be able to smear your name. I have a classmate working at Central TV now, he's in the news department. When we get back to Beijing, I'll look for him and get him to think of a way to expose this on Central TV."

Li Mu said, "I'm not the media, nor do I have any connections to the media. The matter of the exposure will depend on everyone. After all, the 3321 Student Aid Campaign will continue in the future. In the future, I don't know how many people will be like them, trying to get the aid. If this incident can become a benchmark, it can also make other similar local officials have some reservations."

…

The next morning, around eight in the morning, everyone checked out of their rooms and took the Coaster to the bank that they had made an appointment to withdraw 220,000 in cash. Then, they drove directly to Xilan High School.

Wang Jianshe had been looking forward to Li Mu's arrival for a long time. This morning, he had called for a meeting with the school's main leaders and requested that at 9: 30 in the morning, while all the students were doing exercises on the field, he gather everyone together and hold a donation ceremony on the flag-raising platform. Even if they didn't attend the third period, they had to watch the entire donation ceremony.

On one hand, Wang Jianshe also wanted to return the favor. The only thing he could give back to Li Mu was his sincerity. On the other hand, such a grand event, he also wanted all the students to witness it. It would also be a form of motivation for the students of the other years.

At nine, the Coaster drove into Xilan High School. Just as Li Mu and the others arrived, the county's education committee's first and second-in-command arrived in a motorbike.

This morning, Chen Kai and Huang Zhen discussed for an hour with bloodshot eyes. In the end, they decided that if Li Mu really wouldn't budge, then they would start with Wang Jianshe.

They couldn't stop Li Mu from donating the money to the students, but they could force Wang Jianshe to take the money back from the students.

Chen Kai had made up his mind. The high school students still had seven months before the college entrance examination, so he would simply tell them that the school would take care of the money for them and return it every month at 150 yuan. No matter whether the students believed it or not, they would be forced to take 850 yuan back from each of them.

Seeing that he would retire in a few years, Chen Kai was really anxious. No matter what, he had to get the money back. If he couldn't get it from Li Mu, then he would get it from the students.

Li Mu asked everyone to wait in the car and divided the cash according to 1,000 yuan. Then he and Liu Nian went to the principal's office to see Wang Jianshe.

Because the money was prepared according to 220,000 yuan, Li Mu decided to donate 220,000 yuan this time. Wang Jianshe had 209 students in the poor category, so there were still 11 places left. So Li Mu picked out 11 people from the remaining students with the worst conditions and made a list of 220 people.