Chapter 1144

As soon as the idea of founding a film and television training school was born, Li Mu was determined to put this matter on the ground and do it thoroughly.

Unlike some so-called academies where the boss became famous and personally became the principal and professor, Li Mu knew that he did not have the qualifications to teach. Therefore, he would only provide money, resources, and integration for his school, but he would never interfere with anything that truly involved education.

The cost of founding a film and television training school was actually not too high for Li Mu. In recent years, the country had begun to centralize industries, including the education industry. There were "university cities" everywhere. University cities were like business incubators, providing venues, teaching buildings, dormitories, stadiums, libraries, and other basic facilities for schools to move in quickly.

Li Mu felt that he could totally register for a private film and television training school, then rent teaching facilities in a university city near a first-tier city, and then hire a large number of outstanding talents from Hollywood to teach in China. At the same time, he could recruit students from all walks of life.

At that time, he could use his investment, his own resources, and influence to build the school's hardware and software to the top, even surpassing the established domestic film and television schools. As long as he was willing to put in the effort and invest resources, he could definitely build the best film and television school in the country. This school did not even need to be included in the Ministry of Education's enrollment. It only needed to have the qualifications to teach privately, and then recruit students from all walks of life.

The criteria to determine whether a student could enter the school were no longer cultural studies, relationships, background, age, and appearance, but completely based on professional talent and accomplishment.

Even if they had not even attended high school, even if they were in their thirties or forties, as long as their professional skills met the requirements, they could be admitted.

As for the tuition fees, Li Mu felt that it could be divided into two categories. The first category was for students from the society, who paid money to study in the school, and then found a job after the school was finished. The tuition fees for such students were relatively more expensive. Although the school did not plan to make a profit, at least it could not lose too much. The second category was for students who were willing to sign a contract with Makino Image. If they were willing to sign a contract with Makino Image, then according to the differences in the contract, as well as the student's own strength, there would be a certain degree of tuition fee reduction. For those good seedlings, all tuition fees could be waived, and the school could even provide a certain amount of scholarships to help them complete their studies.

As for teaching, it would be completely based on professional skills. There would be no courses that had nothing to do with professional skills. All the goals were to improve the students' professional skills.

Using an authoritative team of teachers to recruit truly capable students, and carrying out the most scientific and systematic teaching. Needless to say, the students who came out of this system would definitely be of extremely strong professional quality.

After the idea became more mature in his mind, Li Mu revealed his ideas and let others give their opinions and suggestions. Unexpectedly, the whole set of ideas immediately stunned everyone.

Even Spielberg was stunned. After a while, he said to Li Mu awkwardly, "Actually, what I mean is to open a relatively high-end training institution, not a comprehensive film and television academy … The former is not difficult to achieve, but the latter is completely different."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It doesn't matter. Since I want the industry to have a better development, it is necessary to have a good soil. I don't want to have a group of actors who can't act in domestic films and TV plays in the future."

As he said this, Li Mu thought of a bunch of young actors with facial paralysis who couldn't act, and a bunch of old actors who didn't want to improve.

In the era of young actors, a large number of young actors with facial paralysis who only had good looks but no acting skills had become super A-list actors. This in itself was very distressing. But what was even more embarrassing was that there was a group of so-called "old actors" who only grew older but didn't improve their acting skills. For example, a certain Jie Li had been acting for decades. From playing the role of a daughter-in-law to a mother-in-law, her on-screen image had hardly changed. Even so, she still didn't have any acting skills to speak of. Once she was on camera, she would use too much force, releasing a lot of awkwardness through the screen.

If there really was a "Huangpu Military School" or even a "West Point Military School" in the film and television industry, it would cultivate a group of real professional talents for the industry. Not only would it have a huge impact on the industry, but it would also have a great effect on correcting mistakes. To a large extent, it would prevent the domestic film and television industry from falling into that kind of embarrassing situation again.

Seeing that everyone was shocked by his idea, Li Mu frowned and asked Spielberg, "Steven, if I set up such a school in Hua Xia, would you be interested in being the principal of the school?"

Spielberg came back to his senses and exclaimed, "Mr. Li, I'm really impressed that you're able to come up with such a systematic way of thinking and such a huge structure in such a short time!

As for your invitation just now, I'm very willing to accept it, but I'm afraid I don't have that much time. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. It's enough if you can come a few times a year. I can hire a professional manager to do the real management work."

Spielberg pondered for a moment and weighed Li Mu's strength in his heart, as well as Li Mu's future prospects.

In his opinion, Li Mu's future prospects were limitless, and it was very likely that he would become the new richest man in the world in a few years. Such a super talent meant resources and opportunities to others. He also hoped to maintain an excellent cooperative relationship with him, so he couldn't refuse Li Mu's invitation.

"Mr. Li, since you trust me so much, then I'll officially accept your invitation!"

"That's great."

Li Mu was also faintly excited as he said, "Since we're going to run a school, we have to run the best school. When the time comes, we'll specialize in designing all aspects of the film and television industry, from actors to directors, to editing, music, and computer effects. We'll train a batch of truly outstanding talents for Hua Xia's film and television industry!"

Ning Hao, Teng Huatao, and the other Makino Image contracted actors were all excited as they listened. Li Mu really wanted to invest in establishing a Whampoa Military Academy in the film and television industry in Hua Xia. If everything went according to his plan and all the teachers were hired from Hollywood, and all the unspoken rules and under-the-table manipulations were abandoned, and everything was based on professional skills, then he would definitely be able to train a batch of truly high-end talents!

The cost of running a school was very high. Other than the investment of hardware, the biggest cost was the cost of software and management. It might not be able to recruit a lot of students, but all the teachers had to be fully equipped. The cost of finding a professor from Hollywood would definitely be several times or even dozens of times more expensive than finding a local professor. If the enrollment was insufficient, it was very likely that the school would suffer a loss.

The reason why most of the private universities in the country made money was because they were a group of businessmen doing a business, an education business.

Doing this kind of business, they also maintained their unscrupulous nature. On one hand, they tried their best to increase the tuition fees, and on the other hand, they tried their best to save the investment of hardware and software.

This was especially true for the teachers. Most of the private universities relied on deception. They enrolled a few thousand students a year, bringing in tens of millions of yuan in tuition fees. Of this, a few million was used to pay for the cost of the hardware, a few million was used to pay for the salaries of the teachers, and the rest was all the net profit of the school board. All in all, if the moral problem of delaying the students was not taken into account, it was still a very good business.

During the summer vacation in Li Mu's previous life, he had heard that other students had gone out to recruit students for private universities. If they did well, they could earn hundreds of thousands of yuan in one summer. That was because private universities' admission commission was very high. Sometimes, they would get a commission of one or two thousand or even more for one student they recruited. If they recruited dozens or even hundreds of students in one city in one summer, they could basically make a fortune. From this point, it could also be seen that the overall standard of private universities was not good. It had a lot to do with their motivation for running a school. They did not do it to educate people, but to make money.

Moreover, even if private universities had the intention to educate people, it would be difficult for them to do it well. This was different from Europe and America, mainly because of the environment in the country. Most of the education resources were in the hands of public schools, and private universities did not have enough space to survive. They could only survive in the cracks. If private universities were to be equipped with first-class or even super-first-class teachers, without the state's subsidies, almost all private universities would suffer a loss.

Li Mu did not set up the Film and Television School to make money. He was even prepared to run it at a loss. His idea was to use his profits in the film and television industry to give blood to this school.

Although Li Mu was not sure that all the movies produced by Makino Image in the future could make money, he already had a set of Mu Ying ticketing system. This system would make more and more profits with the continuous improvement of the domestic box office market. With this money, Li Mu could use all the net profit to support this school after meeting the daily operation needs. The purpose was to support Hua Xia's film and television industry and promote the further development of Hua Xia's film and television industry.

If he could build a real cradle of Hua Xia's film and television industry, it would be a little contribution to this industry.

Such a big thing, such a big financial risk, Li Mu made a decision on the spot and came up with such a complete plan. His courage not only influenced Spielberg, but also made everyone present admire him from the bottom of their hearts.

The contracted directors and artists brought by Li Mu, including Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan, had long admired Li Mu from the bottom of their hearts. So at this moment, their amazement and admiration did not reach the point where they couldn't hide it. Anne Hathaway, who had been silent all this time, was now looking at Li Mu like a little fangirl!