Chapter 1096

Because Li Mu would attend the launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics' first automatic sorting system, the media all over the country went crazy and sent their best reporters to Shenzhen as soon as possible.

Since Li Mu's speech at Harvard completely exploded his global influence, the people in China had been looking forward to Li Mu's return, waiting for him to come back and give him the courtesy of a triumphant hero, letting him feel the admiration of the people in China, and letting him know that he was the pride of the whole of Hua Xia.

Now, many days after Li Mu returned to China, he was finally going to face the media and the people in public. Naturally, the media couldn't miss this big news, so they focused all their attention on Taobao Logistics and Shenzhen, waiting for Li Mu to amaze the world again.

Li Mu had already arrived in Shenzhen before the media received the news. Under Li Mu's instructions, Liu Xiaodong helped Li Mu buy three properties in Shenzhen as soon as possible in advance. These three properties were located in the best high-end residential areas in Shenzhen. They were developed by Hong Kong businessmen, and the main focus was luxurious decoration and the concept of carrying bags.

The whole residential area was basically for Hong Kong businessmen who came to Shenzhen from Hong Kong to develop. Therefore, whether it was the design, construction, or hardware and software decoration, it was currently the best in Shenzhen except for the villa area. All the apartments in the residential area used elevators to directly enter the house, which was very protective of privacy.

At present, Li Mu had enough personal cash on hand. The cash income that "Miracle MU" brought him was very considerable. Just this alone was enough for him to have an endless amount of cash on hand. Moreover, when the money from Sequoia arrived, he would get about 200 million US dollars of the 300 million US dollars cashed out. This money only needed to be paid in taxes, and the rest would all be his personal assets. Therefore, now Li Mu could spend a lot more freely.

The three houses were three hundred square meters of super-large four-bedroom layout, but they only cost about 15 million in total. At present, the housing price in Shenzhen was about six thousand US dollars. The houses in this residential area, with high-end decoration materials and imported furniture and appliances, only cost a total of 15 thousand US dollars per square meter. In the eyes of Li Mu, it was very affordable.

One of the three houses was for Li Mu, one for Wang Yuanlang and the other for Li Ziwei. Wang Yuanlang and the other two were his personal bodyguards, so they couldn't be too far away from him. Li Ziwei was also his personal assistant, so she had to be by his side at all times. However, it was inconvenient to live in one house, so buying three houses was the best choice. The three houses were on three floors, close to each other. Li Mu lived in the middle, Li Ziwei lived in the upper floor, and Wang Yuanlang and the other two lived in the lower floor.

Even if he didn't have time to live in these three houses in the future, the price would at least increase by five or six times in ten years. It was much more affordable than putting the money in the bank.

Li Mu quietly settled down in Shenzhen for the time being. Reporters from all over the country were still flying to Shenzhen by plane, and then flocking to a remote area not far from the west of Shenzhen airport, where they found a hotel to stay.

Taobao Logistics' logistics base in Shenzhen was not far from the west of the airport. The reason why the reporters gathered nearby was to arrive at Taobao Logistics' base in Shenzhen earlier on the day of the launch ceremony.

On the day before the launch ceremony, Li Mu received a call from Chen Wan. On the phone, Chen Wan said with a bit of complaint, "Bad boy, you went to the United States for so long, and when you came back, you just made a phone call and then disappeared. Now you suddenly want to go to Shenzhen. Even the president of the United States might not be as busy as you, right?"

Li Mu hurriedly apologized and told her that he really had things to do, which was why he came to Shenzhen.

Chen Wan didn't really want to argue with him. After complaining, her tone immediately became much gentler. She said, "I know you're busy. I'm just afraid that you'll overwork your body. It's nothing else."

As she said that, Chen Wan asked in a slightly shy voice, "We haven't seen each other for so long. Did you miss me?"

"Of course I did."

Li Mu said from the bottom of his heart, "I've missed you a lot recently. I even wanted to ask you where you were going during the New Year's holiday. If you're going back to Haizhou, I'll go back for a few days."

After hearing this, Chen Wan could hear the joy in her voice even through the phone. She said, "Since you miss me, why are you still waiting for New Year's? There's still more than a month."

Li Mu asked her, "Aren't you busy with work recently?"

"Busy!

I'm so busy! "

Chen Wan sighed. "I was already busy with Super Girl, and now I suddenly received a request from the leader to go on a temporary business trip."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Temporary business trip?

Where are you going? "

Chen Wan didn't answer Li Mu's question. Instead, she sighed and said, "There's a puppy who's practically the focus of the media. Wherever he goes, the reporters follow. I just heard that he's going to appear in Shenzhen. The leader thought that I have a good relationship with him, so he asked me to come over at the last minute to see if I can get in through the back door and interview more exclusive news."

Li Mu immediately understood the meaning behind her words and asked her excitedly, "You're coming to Shenzhen?"

"Yeah." Chen Wan said with a smile, "I'll be boarding in 20 minutes."

Li Mu immediately shivered and blurted out, "Tell me your flight number. I'll go pick you up!"

Chen Wan said, "I still have work to do. Our station's reporter based in Shenzhen will pick me up at the airport. Then we'll go to the office together and finalize the interview schedule for tomorrow. The unit booked a hotel near your logistics base for me. I'll be able to see you tomorrow!"

Li Mu immediately said, "I don't want to wait until tomorrow."

Chen Wan couldn't help but laugh out loud. Then she said seriously, "I'll be done at two or three o 'clock in the afternoon. It's fine if I don't go to the hotel booked by the unit …"

Li Mu said, "Then when you're done, I'll pick you up."

Chen Wan asked him, "Coming all the way here to pick me up won't embarrass you, a busy person, right?"

Li Mu said, "Picking you up is the most important thing for me."

After hanging up the phone, Chen Wan felt very happy.

During this time, Li Mu was busy, and she was also very busy.

The division competition schedule of Super Girl is constantly progressing. Now it has a very strong influence in China, and the ratings have jumped to the first place in domestic variety shows. And Chen Wan herself, because of her perfect appearance and temperament in this program, as well as her dignified and humble yet lively and entertaining hosting style, was highly sought after by the audience, and then became the real first sister of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

She was able to become the recognized number one female host in Xiangnan Satellite TV, and was able to host a highly popular talent show like Super Girl. It was all because Li Mu pushed her behind her back. If it weren't for Li Mu, she would have probably found a neither high nor low position in Jinling TV Station at most, muddling along, and it would have been impossible for her to have the situation she has today.

Most of the reason why Chen Wan is working so hard now is because she doesn't want to let Li Mu down. She went to Yanjing TV Station for Li Mu, went to Xiangnan Satellite TV Station for Li Mu, joined Happy Base Camp for Li Mu, and hosted the now popular "Super Girl" because of Li Mu. In her heart, Li Mu is more important than anything else, so she basically can't refuse whatever Li Mu asks her to do.

Chen Wan knows Li Mu's general plan for the future. He hopes that she can use Xiangnan Satellite TV as a springboard to accumulate more resources in the entertainment industry. In the future, he hopes that she can have enough strength to help him take care of the Makino Image, so this has become Chen Wan's biggest motivation now.

Being busy with goals and results makes Chen Wan's work and life feel more fulfilling, but the more so, the more she misses Li Mu.

All her efforts are because she likes Li Mu, so Chen Wan's longing for Li Mu at the moment has been overflowing. Thinking that she will be able to see Li Mu today, Chen Wan's heartbeat was still at an incredible speed because of excitement until she got on the plane.

When Li Mu went to the United States, Chen Wan spent all her spare time paying attention to Li Mu's every move in the United States. The more she saw Li Mu's great success in the United States, the more she missed Li Mu. Coincidentally, she was suddenly arranged to go to Shenzhen on a business trip by her leader in order to participate in the launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics' automatic sorting system. Didn't this just create an opportunity for her to meet Li Mu?

More importantly, Li Mu actually wanted to see her today, but she didn't know that her thoughts were the same as him, and she just wanted to see him as soon as possible.

… ….

After Chen Wan's plane landed in Shenzhen, Chen Wan, wearing a mask and sunglasses, quickly got off the plane. The staff of Xiangnan Satellite TV's office in Shenzhen arrived at the scene early and waited. The local staff first received Chen Wan, and then immediately took her to the local office of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

After meeting with Chen Wan, the leader in charge of the news section of the office put forward his side and the headquarters' demands for the launch ceremony. They hoped that through Chen Wan's personal relationship with Li Mu, Li Mu would agree to accept an interview with Xiangnan Satellite TV at the launch ceremony tomorrow. Even if it was just to answer a few small questions in daily life, it would be enough for Xiangnan Satellite TV to make some exclusive news.

Chen Wan agreed verbally, but she didn't want to talk about this topic with Li Mu. She hadn't seen Li Mu for so long, and there were many private topics she wanted to talk to him about. This time, she didn't come for work at all. All her motivation was to see Li Mu.

After talking about work in the office, her colleagues in the office offered to drive Chen Wan to the hotel. Chen Wan waved her hand and refused. She had already sent the address of the office to Li Mu, and was waiting for Li Mu to come and pick her up.

In addition to the office, Chen Wan sat in a nearby bookstore for a while. After waiting for about ten minutes, a Buick GL8 stopped outside the coffeehouse. At this time, Chen Wan's cell phone rang. It was Li Mu who called.

Chen Wan excitedly answered the phone and asked, "Where are you?"

Li Mu said, "At the entrance of the bookstore, Buick GL8, ending number 331, come out!"