Chapter 1163

Li Mu and Wei Lan slept soundly until four in the morning. Li Mu woke up a little after eight in the morning.

Initially, he didn't want to disturb Wei Lan's rest. He wanted to wash up first and wake her up after tidying up. He didn't expect that when Li Mu opened his eyes, Wei Lan was no longer by his side.

Li Mu hurriedly got up to look for her. When he went downstairs, he found that Wei Lan was preparing breakfast. It was hot soy milk, fried dough sticks, and fried pancakes.

When she saw Li Mu, Wei Lan smiled sweetly and said, "I was afraid that you wouldn't be able to get up, so I wanted to go upstairs to wake you up."

Li Mu rubbed his eyes and asked her, "When did you get up?"

"Seven."

Wei Lan said, then said, "Come and eat. After breakfast, go wash up. It's almost time to leave, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's about time to leave at nine."

Wei Lan said, "That's quite a rush. What time is Ying Xue's flight?"

"One," Wei Lan said.

"There are more procedures for international flights, so you have to go through the security check earlier. You have to get to the airport after ten."

Wei Lan said, "Then I have to go to Hangzhou in the afternoon. It's another two-hour flight. I didn't sleep well yesterday, so I'm afraid I'll be even more tired today."

Li Mu smiled. "It's fine. I can still bear this bit of fatigue."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with heartache and said, "Don't take your health lightly."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

After saying that, Li Mu said with some guilt, "I won't go back here at noon. I'll have a meal at the airport and rest for a while. It's almost time to go to Hangzhou. When I have time in the future, I'll spend more time with you …"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I know. You go do what you need to do. I have to go to work later. I'll go to Hong Kong for a business trip in a few days. I'll go to Shenzhen to see you then."

"Okay!"

"Don't be too much of a leader in the epidemic. People like you need to strategize behind the scenes. Don't rush to the front lines."

"Okay!"

"Don't just do it. Remember it."

"Alright!

However, you have to be careful in Beijing. Remember to wear a mask outside and try not to go to public places. "

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "There's an epidemic in Beijing too?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I don't know, but Beijing is the same as Shenzhen. They're both cities with a large population flow, so there's a risk of an outbreak."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and smiled. "Anyway, I usually only travel between home and the company. I don't go anywhere else."

Li Mu reminded him, "You still have to be careful."

…

After breakfast, Li Mu washed up and went out with Wei Lan.

Wei Lan's car was parked in the courtyard of the villa. The Benz that Li Mu had taken yesterday had already been driven away by Wang Yuanlang. At this time, Wang Yuanlang had received a call from Li Mu and was already waiting outside the villa.

In the courtyard of the villa, Li Mu and Wei Lan hugged and kissed goodbye. After watching Wei Lan get into the car, Li Mu also came out of the villa and sat in the Benz car parked at the door.

Li Mu called Su Yingxue. At this time, she was also on the way to the airport with her parents, aunt, and uncle.

After arriving at the airport, Li Mu met Su Yingxue and her family at the international departure security checkpoint, as well as other exchange students who were going to the United States together.

The National People's Congress attached great importance to the cooperation with Harvard University this time, so it specially sent three life teachers to accompany these students to complete the half-year exchange.

Including students, teachers, and parents, 30 or 40 people occupied a corner, and these 30 or 40 people were divided into several small groups of twos and threes. Basically, each small group was a family. Parents were reluctantly saying goodbye to their children and telling them some things to pay attention to.

The appearance of Li Mu caused a lot of commotion in this group of people. After all, he was the soul of the National People's Congress. Every student of the National People's Congress admired him, which outsiders could not understand. Every student was very surprised. Why did this almost legendary person suddenly appear at the airport?

When everyone saw Li Mu walking straight to Su Yingxue, they suddenly realized that Li Mu had come specially to see off Su Yingxue.

Li Mu came as promised. Su Yingxue's mood, which had been a little disappointed because she was going abroad, was immediately greatly relieved.

"You're here!"

Su Yingxue's voice was a little happy. For a long time, Li Mu, her nominal boyfriend, had completely disappeared from her life. So when Su Yingxue saw him, she was a little nervous and unnatural.

Su Yingxue's parents, aunt, and uncle also saw Li Mu. Li Mu first nodded politely to Su Yingxue's father, Su Weimin, and said, "Hello, Uncle Su."

After that, he greeted Su Yingxue's mother, aunt, and parents.

Su Weimin was a little unnatural in front of Li Mu. Although he was the director of the Public Security Bureau of a prefecture-level city, the gap between him and Li Mu was still too big to measure. So it was understandable that he was a little unaccustomed to facing Li Mu.

However, Su Yingxue's mother, Fang Min, was much more natural. Knowing that Li Mu had come from Shenzhen to see off her daughter, she said happily, "Li Mu, I heard from Yingxue that you've been in Shenzhen all this time. Did you come here specially this time?"

"Yes, Auntie." Li Mu nodded and said politely, "Because of work, I've been in Shenzhen recently."

“

Fang Min said, "That's really hard for you. You flew all the way here."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Auntie, don't say that. It's what I should do."

At this time, Su Yingxue's cousin, Wang Xinran, said with a smile, "Sister … Brother Li Mu, when are you going to shoot a new movie?

I also want to ask you to help me arrange a new role! "

Wang Xinran had acted in "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years." In the movie, she played the second female lead who had a very good relationship with Du Wei. She had thought that it was a playful performance, but she didn't expect that the movie would become a hit in China. It was so popular that it set a new record in the box office.

Du Wei had just entered the Film Academy in September. Judging from her image, temperament, and family conditions, she was not outstanding in the Film Academy. There were many female students who were prettier and had better family conditions than her. Many of her classmates were child stars themselves. They had already made a lot of films and TV series before entering the Film Academy, so she was the kind of person that no one paid attention to at school.

Although Du Wei had already acted in "Those Years" when she entered the Film Academy, she had never revealed it in front of her classmates. It wasn't until "Those Years" was released and became popular that everyone knew that the inconspicuous Wang Xinran was actually the second female lead of "Those Years"!

This immediately caused a huge commotion in the Film Academy, and Wang Xinran became the most popular female student in the Film Academy, second to none.

Wang Xinran had participated in "Those Years" with no acting experience, and she had even gotten the role of the second female lead in the movie, which was enough to prove that she had a very good relationship with the production company of "Those Years". Therefore, she was immediately pursued by the whole school.

Not to mention the female students who chased after her to be friends, just the boys who wrote her love letters and pursued her could form a strong company.

Most of the university students' utilitarian hearts were cultivated after they graduated from college and entered society. However, the Film Academy was different. It was not much different from the entertainment industry. It was a complete vanity fair. Many people felt that there must be a huge amount of power and resources behind Wang Xinran, so they began to do everything possible to get close to her. This also gave Wang Xinran a sense of vanity that she had never felt before.

Later, someone asked around about Wang Xinran's family background. As a result, he found out that Wang Xinran's cousin turned out to be Li Mu's girlfriend!

Who was Li Mu?

Li Mu owned a number of large Internet companies, and his influence in the entire business circle was unparalleled. His attainments and status in the Internet industry were like that of a new godfather. However, Wang Xinran turned out to be the younger sister of Li Mu's girlfriend, which made people look at her with new eyes.

During this time, Wang Xinran was not only sought after in school, but also gradually began to be valued in the entertainment industry.

As the female lead of this movie, Du Wei didn't like to appear in public for commercial purposes. In addition, her family was very well-off, so there was even less need for her to appear in public. This brought a huge advantage to Wang Xinran. Many people in the industry, who failed to find Du Wei, turned to Wang Xinran. There were even many directors who invited her to be the female lead.

Wang Xinran enjoyed the feeling of being the center of attention. Even in her dreams, she dreamed of being able to shoot another movie that Li Mu invested in. Today, she finally saw Li Mu, and she couldn't hold back anymore.

Before Li Mu could answer Wang Xinran, her mother, Su Yuehua, couldn't help but reprimand her in a low voice, "Xinran, don't talk nonsense!"

Wang Xinran was frightened by her mother's reprimand and didn't dare to say anything more.

At this time, Su Yuehua said to her brother and sister-in-law, "Let's leave some private space for the two children. Let the two children have some private time. After all, Yingxue will be away for a long time this time."

Her daughter's ignorance made Su Yuehua a little unhappy. She naturally knew Su Yingxue's feelings for Li Mu. At this time, how could she let her daughter waste their precious time, so she called out to her.

Su Yingxue's parents reacted. At this time, Wang Shaohua said to Su Weimin, "Brother, let's go for a smoke?"

Su Weimin nodded and said, "Let's go for a smoke."

Su Yuehua saw that the two of them went to the smoking room, and hurriedly went forward to hold her sister-in-law Fang Min's arm. She said with a smile, "Sister-in-law, let's go over there."

As she spoke, Su Yuehua didn't forget to pull Wang Xinran, who looked depressed.

The five people all left, leaving only Li Mu and Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue asked Li Mu with concern, "How long will you stay in Yanjing this time?"

Li Mu said truthfully, "When you get on the plane, it's almost time for me to leave."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "So rushed?

Are you still going back to Shenzhen? "