Chapter 1761

The weather in Yanjing was getting warmer.

In the past few days, the IPO team of Makino Technology had been communicating with the IPO team of Bank of China Securities.

Li Mu still did not want to see Wendy Gao. Even though she came to Makino Technology every day and waited at the front desk, Li Mu still did not want to see her.

As a shareholder of Makino Technology, Sequoia Capital sent the CEO of the Greater China region, hoping to further mediate with Li Mu, but Li Mu did not agree.

Although Sequoia invested in Makino Technology, they signed an agreement before investing, giving up all voting rights and board seats corresponding to the shares. Therefore, they were just passengers in Makino Technology and had no right to express their opinions.

However, Sequoia felt that they had a cooperative relationship with Li Mu, and Li Mu would at least give them some face. It was best to meet with Li Mu and find a way to persuade him to restart the IPO in the US.

This time, Sequoia was not only shouldering their own future interests, but also the hopes of their fellow Wall Street colleagues.

In order to let Makino Technology return to the US for an IPO, Wall Street was even willing to raise the valuation of Makino Technology by 5% to 10%. As long as Li Mu was willing to negotiate, everything was possible.

However, the reality was that Li Mu did not give the Sequoia CEO a chance to enter Makino Technology.

He knew very well that if he was tempted by Wall Street's interests, it was equivalent to falling into Wall Street's trap. In the future, even if they could not manipulate Makino Technology in the US stock market, they could manipulate other stocks, and even the entire Internet company other than Makino Technology.

Moreover, once a company went public, it would be extremely difficult to get it off, especially for a company that was developing very well. If they wanted to privatize it after going public, they would have to pay a higher price than the amount they raised during the IPO.

If Makino Technology issued US $45 billion of shares on NASDAQ and received US $45 billion, the company's valuation would double as soon as it went public, and the outstanding shares would be worth US $90 billion.

If you want to go private now, even if you take out 90 billion USD, Nasdaq and the investors will not agree. They feel that this stock could double in value in the future.

Therefore, if he couldn't resist the temptation of Wall Street and went public in the United States, there would be no turning back.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei to pass a message to Sequoia's Greater China CEO: "According to the original financing agreement, I can use the market price to get rid of any shareholder at any time. If Sequoia wants to make money, shut up. If you want to get out of the car, I'll get rid of you now."

Sequoia immediately shut up.

Then, Davison Gotham arrived at Hua Xia.

However, he stayed in Yanjing for a few days and went to Makino Technology several times, but he still didn't see Li Mu.

In fact, Li Mu was going to leave a little chance for Davison. After all, this old buddy bought the entire Manchester City club and gave it to him in order to cooperate with him in the IPO. If he completely broke off relations with him and took his football club for nothing, it would seem that he was taking advantage of him.

Therefore, Li Mu thought in his heart was to give Davison the cold shoulder first. After he knew how big a mistake he had made, he would leave some meat for him to eat.

However, he could no longer be the lead underwriter for Makino Technology's listing like before. At most, he would follow the Bank of Hua Securities and eat some leftovers.

…

Spring was warm and flowers were blooming.

Davison had been living in a hotel in Yanjing for more than half a month. The new product led by Li Mu, Are You Hungry, had begun its online testing.

The first stage of the test was within the Fourth Ring Road area of Yanjing.

Makino Technology released an official announcement on YY and YY website. Taobao also released an official announcement on Taobao website, saying that the new e-commerce product "Are You Hungry" was officially launched. From now on, users within the Fourth Ring Road of Yanjing could enjoy convenient online food ordering services through "Are You Hungry".

Are You Hungry was online on Taobao website. The subdomain was. There was also a separate entrance on the homepage of Taobao website.

After clicking into Are You Hungry, users could enter their own receiving location and get all the online restaurants within five kilometers of themselves.

These online restaurants had all uploaded complete electronic menus to their online stores.

In order to maximize the quality of service, the Are You Hungry team had sent a number of photography teams in advance during the process of product construction and testing. They specifically went to each cooperative restaurant to take professional photos and upload free of charge of each dish.

Therefore, the electronic menu on Are You Hungry, the pictures were real and exquisite, and there was more than one picture for each dish. At the same time, it was accompanied by a text introduction, including the cuisine, ingredient list, taste, and allergen.

It could be said to be the most detailed menu on the market.

After entering any online store of a restaurant, users could directly place an order online and pay through Alipay after ordering.

At the initial stage, the Are You Hungry team waived all delivery fees. Moreover, they teamed up with the merchants to provide generous red packets for users.

For example, Are You Hungry's novice gift pack had five two-yuan coupons, five three-yuan coupons, and five five-yuan coupons.

If the user spent ten yuan, they could use a two-yuan coupon; if the user spent fifteen yuan, they could use a three-yuan coupon; if the user spent twenty yuan, they could use a five-yuan coupon.

When the user paid, they would also enjoy a random discount, with the lowest being ten cents and the highest being free of charge.

As for the random discount amount and ratio, it was initially set to be higher, as this was a crucial period to attract new customers. Losing money to attract new customers was much more cost-effective than spending money to buy new ones.

Based on the user's receiving location, they were initially only supported to place orders at restaurants within a five-kilometer radius. This was to ensure that the user would receive the order within a certain time limit. If the distance was too far, the user would have to wait for too long, which would seriously affect the user's experience.

Are You Hungry also promised the user that if there was no bad weather or natural disasters, all orders would be delivered within half an hour. If the order was delivered within half an hour, the user would be compensated based on the time exceeded, up to a maximum of full compensation.

It was worth mentioning that the meal boxes provided by Hungry Mike for the riders had a very good thermal insulation effect. Furthermore, it had an electric heating function and was powered by the on-board lithium battery pack. Although the power was not high, the thermal insulation effect was very good. Therefore, it could greatly reduce the speed at which the food would cool down and ensure that the users could eat hot meals.

Li Mu had high expectations for Are You Hungry. Once this thing started to be accepted by the users, it would immediately be fully launched in first-tier cities, and then continue to sink into second-tier, third-tier, and even fifth-tier cities.

With a strong capital push, it could be fully covered in cities and even towns in the country within a year or two.

By that time, Are You Hungry's value would be immeasurable.

Moreover, Li Mu had already decided that once Are You Hungry's success in China, he would immediately launch Are You Hungry's overseas business in North America and Europe. Developed countries in Europe and America seemed to have high labor costs, but their spending power was also correspondingly higher. They had the spending power to pay around 10% of a meal as a tip, and paying 2 to 3 USD for a meal was not a big problem.

When Are You Hungry's and Meituan's products were launched in China, they would first waive all additional fees, and at the same time, give a large amount of subsidies. When the user's cancer of laziness reached a terminal stage, they would immediately change their attitude and charge 2 USD, 3 USD, all the way up to 8 USD, or even higher. The Chinese people had already gotten used to it, let alone the developed countries.

Li Mu was also prepared to use the same method to cultivate the "cancer of laziness" of the users around the world. It did not matter if they were to lose some money or burn some money, because sooner or later, they would be able to earn it back tens, or even hundreds of times.

The news of Are You Hungry's launch in China attracted widespread attention from the domestic media, and the netizens were also very concerned about it. However, the only problem was that Are You Hungry's business was only launched in Beijing, so the netizens in other places could only watch.

Meanwhile, the netizens in Beijing's Fourth Ring Road, especially the white-collar workers, immediately experienced the incomparable convenience of Are You Hungry's.

On the day that Are You Hungry's launch, many netizens in Beijing logged into Taobao Are to try something new, to get a discount, and to experience the feeling of not having to go out to order food.

After their order was paid, it was immediately processed by the system. The system sent the order to the restaurant, and then sent the order to the rider in the area.

The rider did not activate the order snatching function for the time being, but instead used the system's order distribution algorithm.

The system would distribute the order from the least busy rider based on how busy each rider was.

If the rider in the area did not have an order, then the order would be distributed from the rider with the lowest ID number.

After a few rounds of orders were distributed, the system would calculate the delivery efficiency of each rider to adjust the proportion of each rider.

Those who had high delivery efficiency would get more orders added to their rewards.

For example, when there were five orders per person, the efficient riders would be given six to seven orders. At the same time, the less efficient riders would be given three to four orders. In this way, the hardworking could get more.

Moreover, since each rider's range of activity was fixed and overlapped with each other, the maximum distance of their food delivery would not exceed five kilometers. Riding an electric scooter for five kilometers was not a problem for them, and the timeliness of the delivery was also very high.

On the first day that Are You Hungry was launched in Beijing, it was sought after by the white-collar workers in Beijing.

Within a day, the number of orders reached two hundred thousand, and the total amount of spending exceeded three million.

Thousands of deliverymen worked around the clock, frequently shuttling through the streets of Beijing. Not only did they achieve a 97% punctuality rate, but they also increased their exposure to the public, instantly building a good reputation.

That was the result of the first day in Beijing's Fourth Ring Road.

If it were to be expanded to a national scale, it would be easy to achieve twenty million orders a day.

If they continued to increase the user's dependence and continued to attract new customers, it would not be a dream to achieve two hundred million orders a day.

That night, the domestic media, especially the venture capital media, was in an uproar.

No one had expected that Li Mu could move the restaurant's food delivery business to the Internet.

Moreover, this novel model was unexpectedly well received by the users!

Li Mu seemed to have found a new blue ocean with huge potential!

Recommend the urban guru Shi Xinshu: