Chapter 176

When Zhou Yongdi vaguely told Li Mu about the school's request, Sun Yong didn't say anything. His feelings towards Li Mu were a little complicated. He also wanted to know how good this young man was at doing things. Project 3321 was too big and had too big of an impact. If it wasn't handled well, he would get into trouble.

Zhou Xiaodi didn't think as much as Sun Yong. He just felt a little anxious. Last night's Yanjing TV report was just the beginning. Once this matter was exposed, there would be countless media interviews. If they would interview Li Mu, they would definitely interview the school. On this matter, the school needed to have some relationship with Project 3321. Otherwise, they would really be slapped in the face by the media.

However, Li Mu put on a defensive posture against Project 3321, which made Zhou Xiaodi feel a little helpless.

Zhou Xiaodi looked at Sun Yong with a pleading look. He thought to himself, "You're an expert in these things. You can deal with this kid."

Sun Yong pretended not to see and calmly took a sip of tea.

Zhou Xiaodi's forehead was sweating. He looked back at Li Mu and asked with a somewhat awkward smile, "Student Li Mu, regarding the follow-up development of Project 3321, is there anything the school can help with?"

“

Li Mu hesitated for a moment. He thought to himself, "Right now, 3321 is just a website registered in my name. As long as I don't turn it into a company, it's very difficult for others to get involved. However, 3321 has already started harvesting faith. The school's pursuit should be more nominal."

Thus, Li Mu asked tentatively, "Dean Zhou, is the school going to sponsor Project 3321?"

Zhou Xiaodi was a little stunned. "Who said anything about sponsoring you?

You earn hundreds of thousands of yuan a week. Why do you need the school's help?

The school is still hoping that you can sponsor the school and set up a special scholarship. "

However, this was all unimportant. Zhou Xiaodi now remembered Sun Yong's instructions. First, let the school have a relationship with Project 3321. That was the most important thing.

Zhou Xiaodi asked, "If 3321 has any difficulties now, you can also tell me."

Li Mu smiled unkindly and touched his nose. "I really don't think so."

“

Zhou Xiaodi looked at Li Mu in shock. She didn't expect that he would even dare to trick her …

Sun Yong was also a little dumbfounded. What was going on?

At this time, Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Dean Zhou, actually speaking of the future development of 3321, there are indeed some problems that haven't been solved yet. If our school can help solve them, that would be great."

Zhou Xiaodi hurriedly asked, "What's the problem?"

Li Mu said, "In the future, 3321 will have a lot of information processing work. The more orders it promotes, the greater the demand for customer service. Therefore, I plan to find a fixed office for 3321 to accommodate online maintenance and customer service. 3321 was born on the campus of the National People's Congress. If it were to be located outside of the campus, it wouldn't sound good. Therefore, I hope that the school can give me some space."

"Oh, the venue …" Zhou Xiaodi thought for a moment and said, "That's easy. There are still empty offices in our academy's office building. How much space do you need?

I'll help you coordinate it! "

Sun Yong immediately put his right hand on his forehead and covered his eyes. He thought to himself, Zhou Xiaodi, you idiot, did he explain any benefits to you?

Did he agree to let the National People's Congress participate, or did he agree to jointly manage it with the National People's Congress?

He didn't give you any benefits. He just asked you to solve the office space, and you foolishly agreed to it?

At this moment, Li Mu thought about it seriously. Although 3321 was a very regional O2O project, he roughly estimated that there would be no less than 20,000 families served in Yan Jing in the future. In other words, he had to at least ensure that there would be at least 20,000 students working part-time in Yan Jing. There were more than 20 985 and 211 universities in Yan Jing. Just these universities alone would recruit more than 40,000 freshmen every year. There were also other ordinary universities. Once the business was expanded to ordinary universities, he believed that there would still be room for the market if he lowered the benchmark price of the class hours of ordinary university students to about 10 yuan.

Supporting such a large number of orders not only required skills, but also manpower. Just customer service and complaints alone required a few people, not to mention the support staff for online verification and phone confirmation of orders. Currently, 3321 did not have a hotline, so it was not feasible to rely solely on messages from the station. Furthermore, he did not have the time to look at them.

In this way, he really had to build a workplace as soon as possible and replenish the manpower. In the future, if there was a chance to expand 3321 to other cities, Beijing would be the headquarters.

With this plan, there should be at least two to three hundred square meters of office space, right?

When Zhou Xiaodi heard this number, she thought for a moment and said, "There are three empty computer classrooms on the fifth floor of our academy's multimedia building. Each one is 120 square meters and has been idle for a long time. I think we can totally give them to 3321."

“

After saying that, Zhou Xiaodi turned to look at Sun Yong. "Principal Sun, what do you think?"

Sun Yong sighed softly. "Your academy can decide the idle resources yourself."

When Zhou Xiaodi heard this, she immediately slapped her thigh and said, "Then it's settled."

Li Mu's eyes widened. Three hundred square meters of office space in one go. This was quite a big investment. Although it wouldn't cost much to rent such a large area, Li Mu also felt that 3321 was born on campus. If it could take root on campus, that would be even better. Letting 3321 incubate in the National People's Congress would be like playing with the school. As for managing it together, don't say it out loud.

Zhou Xiaodi threw another temptation at Li Mu. "Li Mu, you've brought glory to the school by letting 3321 take root in the National People's Congress. Naturally, the school has to give you enough support. If there's anything else you need help with, just let me know. For example, do you need some office supplies for your future office, including computers? This is a huge expense. If you need it, the school can help you solve these problems."

Li Mu saw Zhou Xiaodi's sincerity and was touched. He said, "Thank you, Principal Zhou. Currently, 3321's profitability is enough. Although I don't use it to earn a single cent for myself, it's only right for me to use its profits to satisfy 3321's needs."

“

Zhou Xiaodi nodded with slight disappointment. She was used to being in control of the conversation with the students. She didn't expect to be reduced to being in a passive state today. Now that Li Mu was willing to take root in the future development of 3321 at People's University, it was already good enough for her. At least this way, the school could say that they had nurtured Li Mu and supported the development of 3321. This was also not bad.

Sun Yong didn't feel comfortable. 3321 was such a big cake. Did they have to keep it so secret from their alma mater?

But thinking about it from another angle, Li Mu had even given up the temptation of five million yuan for 3321. That was before the TV report. It was basically impossible for the National People's Congress to take advantage of him at this time.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door. Sun Yong said, "Come in." The door opened and Li Mu's class guide appeared again.

"Principal Sun, Principal Zhou, I'm sorry. The reporters from Yanjing Youth Daily and Yanjing Evening News are here. They want to do an interview with Li Mu …"

The influence of 3321 had been magnified overnight and morning. It had already attracted the attention of other media in Yanjing.

Sun Yong had guessed that Li Mu would soon become the darling of Yanjing's media, but he didn't expect it to be so fast. The two newspapers were among the top in Yanjing in terms of circulation, and they actually came to him at the same time. Based on the time, the reporters from these two newspapers should have been arranged to come over right after they started work.

Zhou Xiaodi looked at Sun Yong and then looked at Li Mu. She asked Sun Yong, "Principal Sun, you mean …"

Sun Yong reacted and hurriedly said, "How about this? There are too many people in the teaching building. Why don't we just invite the reporters here for an interview?"

The class guide nodded and didn't ask for Li Mu's opinion. He turned around and left.

Li Mu thought to himself, "You didn't even ask me if I'm willing to accept the interview." But in this case, he also knew that it was difficult for the class guide to speak in front of the two big leaders. So he didn't express any opinion.

Soon, Li Mu's class guide brought a few people to Sun Yong's office. There were four reporters from the two newspapers, each with a reporter and a cameraman.

Li Mu didn't know much about the media, but Sun Yong was an expert. If it was just an ordinary interview, the reporter would usually come alone with a recording pen or notebook. After chatting for a while, he would go back and organize the interview into words and publish it. However, these two news agencies had two reporters with a professional camera. Needless to say, the interview would be done with photos and text. Li Mu didn't know much about the media, but Sun Yong was an expert.

In the field of the newspaper industry, such a configuration was usually considered more important news. It seemed that these two newspapers attached a lot of importance to 3321.

The class guide brought the four people in and quickly began to introduce them enthusiastically. First, he introduced Sun Yong. "Everyone, this is our school's Vice Principal Sun Yong, who is in charge of undergraduate teaching."

Sun Yong stood up and warmly shook hands with the two reporters who came in, instinctively filtering out the two cameramen with cameras in front of their chests.

As soon as the two reporters came in, their eyes were fixed on Li Mu. After all, Li Mu had already appeared on the Yanjing TV Station's news program. But for Sun Yong, who came to greet them, the two still shook hands with him politely.

Sun Yong smiled and said, "Welcome to our school."

The two also responded politely. After the greetings, they were about to talk to Li Mu when the class guide introduced Zhou Xiaodi enthusiastically. "This is Dean Zhou of our School of Finance …"

Zhou Xiaodi walked up to them with a smile on her face. The two reporters had no choice but to smile and nod and shake hands with Zhou Xiaodi.

After the polite greeting with Zhou Xiaodi, the two finally talked to Li Mu.