Chapter 790

Li Mu had already decided to give Wei Lan a certain percentage of Wanying Group's shares, and this decision had already been approved by the other two shareholders.

Li Mu had two reasons for giving Wei Lan shares. On one hand, it was to motivate the core management staff so that Wei Lan could better serve Wan Ying. On the other hand, it was also because the Jun Cheng Real Estate incident had made him a huge profit in the end. Li Mu wanted to compensate Wei Lan more or less.

Jun Cheng Real Estate was now completely revitalized, and they just had to wait for the verdict to be over and the fine to be paid. After some finishing touches, they would immediately start selling. If the case really dragged on for a year or two, they might really make a few billion. At that time, Wei Lan would only get 800 million. Although it was written in black and white in the contract, and Wei Lan definitely wouldn't object, Li Mu still felt that no matter how Wei Lan saw it, he couldn't appear to be too greedy for profits.

Thus, Li Mu jokingly said to Wei Lan, "We already decided on the shares when you decided to join Wanying Group. You don't have to feel too much pressure. Anyway, we're not going to give it to you immediately."

Wei Lan also understood Li Mu's intentions. She smiled and said, "Anyway, I've already signed with Wanying Group, so you have the final say in the future."

Li Mu said, "I don't have a position in Wanying Group, so you have to listen to Brother Liang's management."

Wei Lan's pair of beautiful eyes stared at Li Mu and said with a smile, "It's still up to you to sign with Wanying Group. Anyway, I only recognize you as my boss. If you want me to follow you to work on the internet one day, I don't have any objections. I can also learn a little more."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There will be many opportunities for commercial real estate to be combined with the internet in the future. If you're interested in the internet, do your commercial real estate well first, and there will be more opportunities in the future."

Li Mu also hoped that Wei Lan would be able to play a more important role in his business in the future. It was easy to get money, but hard to find a good general. In Li Mu's eyes, Wei Lan would definitely be a talented general who could lead the entire army in the future. If he could keep her heart, he could rest assured in the future in the real estate industry.

After that, Li Mu felt that the business was almost done, so he called the waiter over to order food. After ordering, Wei Lan couldn't help but ask him, "Right now, Wanying Group has so many residential real estate plots and projects, why don't you care at all about the future development of these plots?"

Because of his strong pursuit of commercial real estate, Li Mu indeed didn't pay enough attention to the residential real estate projects.

In Wei Lan's view, Li Mu currently had seven extremely valuable plots of land along the East Third Ring Road. Not only that, Jun Cheng Real Estate was 100% controlled by Wanying Group, which meant that Wanying Group had three more buildings that were about to be completed. All in all, there were a total of ten residential real estate projects. If they were operated well, it would at least be a few billion in profit. Why was Li Mu so interested in the Sanlitun commercial real estate project, but he kept silent about the residential real estate projects and didn't even mention them?

Li Mu said, "Out of the seven plots of land, Wanying Group will use three of them to make three high-end boutique residential areas. This is Brother Liang's strength, and it should be your strength as well. As for the remaining four plots of land, it's best if you can cooperate with other real estate companies to develop them. This way, the seven plots of land can be quickly used, and the three buildings of Jun Cheng Real Estate will be even easier to solve. As soon as the court unblocks them, we'll immediately entrust them to the real estate sales company and sell them as soon as possible so that the cash can flow back."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "Personally, I don't recommend you invest too much energy in residential real estate, and I don't recommend Wanying Group to continue in the residential real estate industry. After these seven plots of land are developed, I'm not interested in the residential real estate industry anymore."

I personally feel that the domestic residential real estate industry hasn't taken off yet, but it will soon. The next ten years will definitely be the golden years for residential real estate. It just so happens that Wanying Group has seven plots of land. If we seize this opportunity, these seven plots of land will definitely be the best chance to gain a foothold in the residential real estate industry. If we give up on residential real estate so early, we'll miss out on too much of the market … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's precisely because everyone thinks that the spring of residential real estate has arrived that we have to seize this opportunity to properly lay out the commercial real estate industry. Residential real estate is like planting trees, one tree is one tree; commercial real estate is like digging a well. The water from a well can nourish a large area, and if the well is dug well, the underground water will be endless and inexhaustible."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused for a moment, then said, "For the next phase of the residential real estate industry, there shouldn't be any big problems with Brother Liang's control, so we'll let him take the lead, and you'll support him. Focus on the Sanlitun project. I'll organize a meeting next week and call Old Chen over to discuss it. If the others have no objections, we'll directly start developing it."

Wei Lan smiled sweetly, "I understand. You're saying the same thing over and over again. You want me to focus on commercial real estate and do a good job in commercial real estate for you, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, that's what I mean."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Sure, I'll do whatever you say. If I can do a good job in the commercial real estate industry, how are you going to reward me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That depends on what your standards are."

Wei Lan said, "You just said that a hundred projects in ten years is too long. Why don't we divide it into stages?"

Li Mu nodded, "Okay, how do you think we should divide it into stages?"

Wei Lan asked him, "How many projects should we target in the first three years?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Fifteen in the first three years."

Wei Lan said, "Then I'll try to reach twenty in the first three years."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, twenty. If we can reach twenty in three years, what reward do you want?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I'll think about it, but you have to promise that you won't go back on your word."

Li Mu said, "As long as I can do it, I won't go back on my word."

…

Su Weimin couldn't go home for dinner. He was in a meeting at the Municipal Public Security Bureau.

Li Mu's flight would land at Jinling Airport the next morning. The Municipal Public Security Bureau had already formulated a perfect security process. Su Weimin had to make the final arrangements tonight to ensure that there would be no trouble tomorrow.

The overall process to protect Li Mu's safety was to pick him up at the airport and escort him safely all the way to Haizhou. Li Mu's first stop in Haizhou was the municipal government, so Su Weimin only needed to ensure that the people from the Municipal Public Security Bureau escorted Li Mu safely from the airport to the municipal government. Then, the task would be considered completed.

The task was simple, but Su Weimin felt particularly aggrieved.

The most aggrieved thing was that the leader of the Municipal Party Committee had personally asked him to be there to pick him up and escort him tomorrow.

It was reasonable to say that he should welcome and escort a successful entrepreneur like Li Mu. However, the problem was that Li Mu was not as simple as an ordinary successful entrepreneur.

He had been guarding against him like a thief, for fear that he would fall in love with his daughter. Who would have thought that in the blink of an eye, this kid, who he had been guarding against like a thief, would become a well-known entrepreneur. This was simply unreasonable …

Worst of all, she had been on guard all day and night, but in the end, she still couldn't stop him. The girl still became his girlfriend. No matter what, she was his elder, his girlfriend's father, and the person he should be trying to curry favor with. How did it become that she had to personally lead a team to welcome him and protect his personal safety?

What Su Weimin couldn't accept was an additional request from the leader of the Municipal Party Committee. The leader of the Municipal Party Committee asked him to welcome and escort Li Mu to Haizhou. He must make Li Mu feel the importance that the municipal government attached to him. First of all, Su Weimin had to talk to Li Mu and explain the efforts that the Municipal Party Committee had made for his safety, as well as the importance that the Municipal Party Committee attached to him.

Wasn't this asking him to represent the Municipal Party Committee to kiss up to Li Mu?

Even if he was representing the Municipal Party Committee, he still had to personally kiss up to him!

If he was asked to flatter Li Mu, wouldn't it be even more unreasonable?

Thinking of this, Su Weimin felt a headache.

However, even if it was a headache, he still had to do his job well. Therefore, in the large conference room of the Municipal Bureau, Su Weimin smoked one cigarette after another. At the same time, he communicated with his subordinates over and over again the specific details of tomorrow's airport pickup.

The vehicle that Li Mu's family would take when they landed tomorrow was provided by Wanying Real Estate in Haizhou. It was said that Wanying Real Estate in Haizhou had specially purchased an imported Toyota Coaster worth nearly a million yuan. The Municipal Bureau sent six unpainted police cars to follow them, and another two painted police cars waited on the outskirts of Jinling. When the motorcade was about to leave Jinling, the painted police cars would clear the way.

The reason why the painted police cars did not clear the way in Jinling was mainly because they were worried that Jinling would rob them. Similar things had happened in the past. For example, a small city in Nansu had managed to attract investment from other places. As a result, the Jinling municipal government found out about it and directly intercepted the investor at the airport. They invited the investor to the municipal government, and after various tricks, they directly invested in Jinling.

Ding Sicheng, the Secretary of the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee, had been doing work in attracting investment in Jinling a few years ago. He had done a lot of intercepting things, so he was also worried that the news of Li Mu's arrival in Haizhou would be known by Jinling. Therefore, he asked the motorcade to be low-key and not alarm Jinling.

Su Weimin repeatedly confirmed the preferred route, the alternative route, the details of the journey, and the emergency plan with his subordinates. It was not until ten o 'clock in the evening that he temporarily breathed a sigh of relief and drove home.

When he arrived home, his wife, Fang Min, and daughter, Su Yingxue, were still awake. They knew that he had a meeting to discuss the matter of picking up Li Mu tomorrow, so they were very eager to know the specific details.

As soon as Su Weimin returned home, Fang Min couldn't help but ask him, "Have you discussed it? What's the specific process tomorrow?"

Su Weimin said gloomily, "The leader of the Municipal Party Committee asked me to pick him up in person tomorrow. After picking him up from the airport, I will escort him all the way to the municipal government."

Fang Min nodded and said, "This kind of thing will definitely require you to go in person. After all, Li Mu's value and influence are obvious."

Su Weimin said with some irritation, "It's fine if I pick him up in person and escort him back, but the point is that I have to flatter the municipal government. It's ridiculous!"

When Fang Min heard this, she couldn't help but laugh. "Are you going to say some welcome words on behalf of the leader of the Municipal Party Committee?"

Su Weimin said, "More than that. I have to explain on behalf of Secretary Ding how flattered the municipal government is that he returned to Haizhou, and how much the municipal government values him. Finally, I have to explain on behalf of Secretary Ding why he didn't come to pick him up in person."

Fang Min asked in surprise, "Secretary Ding wants to pick him up in person?"

Su Weimin said, "I want to, but I'm afraid that people will gossip about me. After all, I'm the secretary of the Municipal Party Committee. It's somewhat unreasonable for me to go so far to pick up an entrepreneur in the provincial capital. But if I don't go, Secretary Ding himself is afraid of neglecting him. It's said that Li Mu is likely to become the richest man in Hua Xia. With such a high value, I naturally have to be as considerate as possible."

"The richest man in Hua Xia?" Fang Min was stunned. After a moment, she reacted. "Is it so strange?"

Su Weimin said, "I couldn't believe it when I first heard it, but I heard from the people of the Municipal Party Committee that Li Mu's shares in several companies are said to be very high. In the past, it could be directly found in the industrial and commercial system, but now he has offshore all the companies, so the domestic industrial and commercial system can no longer find it."

Fang Min asked, "What do you mean by offshore?"

Su Weimin shrugged. "If I knew this, I might also become the richest man in China."

Su Yingxue couldn't help laughing. She laughed and said, "Dad, if you can become the richest man by knowing offshore, then I will also become the richest man."

Su Weimin said, "I forgot that my daughter is studying economics. Tell your parents, what does offshore mean?"

Su Yingxue said, "Offshore is a company registered and established in an offshore legal domain."

Su Weimin asked, "What is offshore legal domain?"

Su Yingxue said, "It's some islands overseas."

Su Weimin asked again, "What are the benefits?"

Su Yingxue said, "It's highly concealed, can reduce the tax burden, and there are no foreign exchange controls."

Su Weimin frowned. "Li Mu is really cunning. As soon as he made some money, he immediately moved the company to an overseas island. It must be to evade taxes."

Su Yingxue said, "Don't talk nonsense. Our professor has mentioned some characteristics of offshore companies. Most of the large domestic Internet companies are registered in offshore legal domains. Most of them are offshore companies."

After a pause, Su Yingxue continued to explain, "The reason why many Internet companies are registered in offshore legal domains is not to reduce taxes, but for capital operations. Because most domestic Internet companies are invested with overseas capital, it is much simpler and more convenient for overseas capital to invest in an offshore company than a domestic company."