Chapter 522

What Wang Shaohua pushed open wasn't just a simple door.

His push had not only given Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin a fatal blow, it had also opened a new door in his life. He had finally gotten rid of the pedantic thoughts of an intellectual. This would have an extremely profound impact on his future path.

And his push also gave Su Yuehua the biggest shock of her life.

Su Yuehua was dumbfounded. Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin looked at each other and saw the shock in each other's eyes, which was almost equivalent to a nuclear explosion.

How could it be?

How could it be!

Wang Shaohua opened this door and completely overturned all their guesses. In other words, from the moment they met Wang Shaohua until now, Wang Shaohua wasn't lying or bragging. He and Su Yuehua didn't reveal anything and bought a two-million-yuan mansion here!

How did they do it?!

Shao Zhen wished he could dig a hole in the ground and hide in it. Zhang Shuqin's thoughts were much simpler. She really wanted to rush to the balcony of this duplex and jump off, ending all her troubles once and for all.

It was a little exaggerated, but her current mood wasn't exaggerated at all.

She had been competing with Su Yuehua for many years. Last time when Wang Xinran's score was changed back to the original score, she was so upset that she didn't eat or sleep well for several days. Today, she thought that God had opened his eyes and finally gave her a chance to kill Wang Shaohua. She didn't expect Wang Shaohua to ruthlessly slap her in the face.

This was secondary.

The most important thing was that when she thought that Su Yuehua would live in this 172 square meter duplex mansion in the future, and she would live in the 130 square meter three bedroom apartment behind her, she couldn't help but feel upset.

Although the area of the two apartments was only 42 square meters apart, the price difference was huge. Including the additional fees for the high-rise, Su Yuehua's duplex was almost 800,000 yuan more expensive than the new one she bought. 800,000 yuan!

She and her husband didn't eat or drink and had to save up for several years.

At this time, Wang Shaohua, who had always been gentle and elegant, walked to the balcony and waved at the two. "Shao Zhen, Shuqin, come here and have a look. You'll understand what I meant when I said that all the mountains are small."

Shao Zhen's face was boiling hot, and Zhang Shuqin couldn't lift her head.

Both of them were the kind of people who could not bear to see others doing well. Even if someone else's shirt had one more button than theirs, they would feel uncomfortable for a long time, let alone now.

Seeing that the two were indifferent, Wang Shaohua went to the other side of the living room, pointed out the window and said, "Shao Zhen, Shuqin, is the building behind your house?

From where we are, we can see that your view is blocked by this building. It's a bit frustrating. "

This time, Shao Zhen couldn't raise his head.

Zhang Shuqin had a strong impulse in her heart. She couldn't hold it in anymore!

This area was uninhabitable!

Otherwise, if he walked to the balcony every day and saw this tall building towering in front of him, he would feel uncomfortable in his heart and would want to take a quick-acting heart reliever.

Wang Shaohua added, "Hua Fu Mansion is indeed a good neighborhood, but to be honest, only this duplex building is truly connected to the north and south. I've studied the other apartment types. They are all tube-shaped buildings with a mix of different types. Generally speaking, the house only faces one direction, east, south, west, or north."

Shao Zhen nodded hesitantly, summoned up his courage, and said, "Well, Shaohua, we'd better go first. It's not good to keep the people from the renovation company waiting for too long."

Zhang Shuqin also echoed, "Yes, yes, we'll go first."

Wang Shaohua said, "Hey, Shuqin, didn't you say that it's okay to let the people from the renovation company wait?

You want to see the house, but you haven't seen it yet. You haven't even been upstairs. "

Zhang Shuqin smiled awkwardly and said, "Well, we won't go up. We'll come back another day. We really have something to do today …"

Shao Zhen said, "Yes, we'll come back another day."

Wang Shaohua said regretfully, "Well, you go ahead. I won't see you off."

"No need to see me off, no need to see me off." After saying that, the two turned around and ran away.

Staying here for one more second was torture.

Wang Shaohua came over and closed the door, feeling very relieved.

Su Yuehua, who had been silent all this time, walked up to Wang Shaohua and asked him, "Honey, what's going on with this house?"

Wang Shaohua said, "This house will be our new home in the future."

Su Yuehua asked in surprise, "How did this house come about?"

Wang Shaohua said, "It's hard to explain how this house came about in a few words. In short, thank you to Li Mu."

"Li Mu?!" Su Yuehua's brain was not enough to process it.

Wang Shaohua changed his words and said, "Thank Yingxue. Li Mu must have done this for her sake."

Su Yuehua suddenly said, "You're making me anxious!

Tell me what's going on with this house! "

Wang Shaohua nodded and told Su Yuehua all the things related to this house.

After listening to it, Su Yuehua didn't come back to her senses for a long time. After a few minutes, she asked Wang Shaohua, "Are you going to accept this house?"

Wang Shaohua grunted and said without hesitation, "I can't afford to buy a house here, let alone such a big duplex, but I can still afford the renovation. This will be my daughter's house in the future. It will be her future home in Yan Jing and her dowry."

Su Yuehua couldn't figure it out and said, "If we take this house, isn't it equivalent to selling our daughter's dignity?"

Wang Shaohua said, "It's because others hurt our daughter's dignity that Li Mu asked them for this house for our daughter. Otherwise, how do you think we can save our daughter's dignity?

How do you think we can save our daughter's dignity?

The Film Academy changed the scores because they corrected their mistakes; the Chen family came to apologize because Li Mu was pressuring them. If it weren't for Li Mu's pressure, our daughter's scores wouldn't have been changed, and no one would have come to apologize, let alone this house. "

Su Yuehua knew how Li Mu pressured the Film Academy. He reported the two directors, Xu and Dan, in order to expose the matter. It was also because of his influence that the Film Academy quickly took remedial measures. It was all because of Li Mu that her daughter could go to the Film Academy again.

It was just that she didn't expect that in order to avenge her daughter, Li Mu used his huge connections to pressure Chen Guanghua, and even closed Chen Guanghua's factory. No wonder Chen Guanghua came to apologize. It turned out that it was all because of Li Mu.

At present, this house was also because of Li Mu. Chen Guanghua was afraid of his influence, so he was willing to buy this house to make amends and end things.

Her husband was also right. This house was fought for by Li Mu for his daughter, and they had no right to refuse. Moreover, the house was more than two million yuan in front of them, and they didn't know how to refuse.

Su Yuehua said, "Why don't we go back and discuss it with our daughter?"

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "It's going to be the college entrance examination soon. Let's tell her after the exam."

Su Yuehua agreed with Wang Shaohua's suggestion. Then she thought of Li Mu and asked Wang Shaohua, "We also have to express our gratitude to Li Mu. After all, he has helped us so much."

Wang Shaohua said, "I also thought about this problem, but I don't know how to thank him. I feel that no matter what we do, it will seem too weak."

Su Yuehua sighed softly, "Think about it."

…

The national team's World Cup debut ended. The Costa Rican team, like the national team, was a team led by Milu. The former was just an amateur team. Originally, everyone thought that the national team could easily win the first game and get three points. Unexpectedly, the national team was beaten by this amateur team by 2: 0.

After losing to the Costa Rican team, everyone clearly realized that the national team had no hope of advancing. Turkey's strength was far above the national team. It would be good enough to draw, not to mention that the third opponent was the great four-star team, Brazil. Therefore, the best result for the national team was two losses and one draw, with one point to go home. The worst result was losing all three games and going home with zero points.

The national team's attitude toward the national team immediately changed dramatically after losing the key game. There was a lot of criticism everywhere. Li Mu saw the overwhelming reports and was secretly glad that he did not watch the game again. There were still two days before the Taobao website went online. He had no energy to pay attention to football now.

On June 5th, the day before the Taobao website went online, Li Mu spent the whole day on Taobao website. The Taobao website's launch would quickly push the C2C e-commerce model to a new height. The potential of Taobao website, which was free for both buyers and sellers, was integrated with Alipay. Its potential in the C2C field was not comparable to the current eBay.

Although it was a C2C website, Li Mu buried a B2C Easter egg in it. If Mango could become popular on Taobao website, then the B2C model similar to Tmall would also open up a new business model for domestic companies. The possibilities were unlimited. Li Mu did not know how high the ceiling of e-commerce was, but Ali's future market value of more than 200 billion USD was already so high that Li Mu would need to work hard for a few years or even a decade to achieve it.

If Taobao website went smoothly, Li Mu would definitely get Liu Xiaodong to start building his own logistics system. Liu Xiaodong already had this idea, so Li Mu had to provide him with the conditions as soon as possible so that he could realize this idea under the shell of Taobao. Otherwise, for someone as amazing as him, once he slipped up on Taobao, and Taobao did not provide him with the conditions, he would definitely find another channel to realize it. Building his own logistics system was the most important thing in building his own B2C business!

JD.com, which did not have its own logistics system, might be abused by Tmall at any moment. But with its own logistics system, JD.com was like having the protection of the Golden Bell. Be it Tmall or other B2C companies, no one could shake it.

After a busy day in the company, Li Mu left Taobao at seven o 'clock and set off for home.

Initially, he wanted to wait until he got off work, but Li Yawei and the rest wanted to go to Yucheng Garden to watch the match between Germany and Ireland. Among the roommates, Li Yawei and Sun Jian were diehard fans of Germany, so they were more enthusiastic about the match than anyone else. It was not good for Li Mu to drop the ball on this matter.