Chapter 328

On the day that Lin Ching-ah left for Korea, Makino Technology officially announced that the Happy Farm Item Store would be officially launched at 9 am the day after the announcement.

This would be the first online item sales platform in the domestic game industry. Happy Farm would also be the first game in the game industry to launch the item sales model. When traditional online games were still selling point cards, Li Mu used a Flash game to start a value-added payment service.

When this news was announced, the comments on the internet were split into two sides. Those who supported the idea felt that opening the item sales would allow the financially capable users to speed up their growth in the game. It was very fair to use cash to exchange for levels. On the other hand, those who opposed the idea felt that opening the item sales would undoubtedly destroy the balance of the game. When that time came, the ranking would be filled with paying users. How could the free users play?

Li Mu did not care too much about those who opposed the idea. Since he was making a game, making money was always his biggest goal. Once a game opened the payment model, there would be objections from non-paying users. However, profits still depended on paying users. As long as the paying users could be satisfied, the game would be able to make money.

However, Li Mu's biggest hope was to let the Item Store incubate Alipay. Therefore, he quickly announced a piece of news that instantly excited a large number of users in Happy Farm. In addition to the traditional mobile phone payment channel, "Alipay" users could enjoy a discount of 0.1 yuan for a ten-yuan gift pack. The ten-yuan gift pack included ten bags of ordinary synthetic fertilizers, ten bags of high-quality fertilizers, and five sets of Cheat Cards.

As the user's level had generally increased a lot, twenty bags of ordinary synthetic fertilizers and high-quality fertilizers did not have much of an effect on the user's level. However, these items were usually very rare. Now that they could buy a big gift pack for ten cents, it was still very attractive to most users.

If it was sold for ten yuan, the number of people who would buy it would be greatly discounted. However, if it was only sold for ten cents, there were still a lot of people who were willing to buy it.

As a result, the users of Happy Farm were in an uproar. Everyone began to discuss what exactly Alipay was. According to the introduction and link provided by Happy Farm, it could be seen that Alipay was something that was linked to online banking. Through it, one could bind the bank cards of the four major banks and make small online payments. It was also the only channel for discounts. Therefore, on that day, a large number of users of Happy Farm entered Alipay, registered an account on Alipay, and bound their bank cards.

Originally, there were only tens of thousands of Alipay users, which were 3,321 users and students in Beijing and Shanghai. However, in just one day, the number of registered Alipay accounts had reached more than five million, and nearly half of the users had successfully bound their bank cards.

To Li Mu, this was a pleasant surprise beyond his imagination.

Within a day, more than two million users had bound their bank cards. Now, their wallets had opened up an unimpeded exit to the Internet. They had already paid the cost of registering and binding their bank cards to Alipay. In the future, when they needed to pay, they only needed to enter their card number and password.

Using Alipay, Li Mu could now push all kinds of products to them. As long as these users were interested, they could easily pay and complete the payment for online transactions. This was too significant. In the future, if he wanted to do e-commerce, these Alipay users would be the mainstay.

When Happy Farm was warming up for Happy Farm, it was also the first time that the companies in the industry truly understood Alipay. Nowadays, the Internet payment channel was very simple. Ordinary online banking had almost monopolized online payment. There was another payment method, which was mobile phone payment. However, this payment channel was not really online payment. It could not be directly linked to the user's wallet. It could only be linked to the user's mobile phone fee. Therefore, this kind of payment method was not suitable for large payments. It was usually used for payments of less than ten yuan.

However, in the current Internet market, from online games to various software and platform value-added services, the per capita Arpu value (the average income of users) was very low. Therefore, mobile phone payment was enough. All kinds of companies that provided value-added services relied on mobile phone payment channels to survive. Almost no one expanded their own payment channels.

In this kind of environment, Alipay became an anomaly.

The big companies in the industry were all researching the model of Alipay, but no one found the real value of this thing. Even Baidu's Li Zong expressed his doubts when he was chatting with Tan Yaocheng. "Didn't Li Mu make that Alipay to serve 3321? Why did he put it on Happy Farm?

His Alipay payment method is not much better than online banking. What's the point? "

Tan Yaocheng shrugged. "It's hard for us to guess what Li Mu is thinking. 3321's monthly income is so huge. He has never thought of turning 3321 into a company. However, he developed a payment method for 3321. He even deliberately registered a company. I've always thought that this is a little strange. Now that he's tied it to Happy Farm, it seems like he wants to be a user of that Alipay."

Li Zong said, "There are all the major banks' online banking, and there are two operators' SMS and phone payments. Isn't that enough?

Nowadays, there are so many companies that rely on SMS value-added services to make money. They're making money from consumers. That's extremely fast. Why doesn't he use these ready-made channels? Why is he making Alipay? "

Tan Yaocheng sighed and said, "Li Zong, let's not bother about Makino Technology. I don't think there's any point in him making Alipay."

Li Zong sighed. "But I can imagine that once Happy Farm's game store is officially launched, the profits will be very considerable. Li Mu is really smart. He tricked us before the game was launched. Now we can only watch him make money."

"Exactly!"

Tan Yaocheng smiled. "The profit potential of this thing is limitless. So many players are obsessed with it. Once the game store is launched, it will definitely be sought after by a considerable number of people with spending power. A bag of fertilizer is only a few cents in the game store. If you want to quickly plant a dozen plots of land, you'll need to spend a few yuan. If you plant fertilizer for a day, you'll need at least a few thousand yuan. The profit potential is definitely extraordinary."