Chapter 718

In a few years, using wealth management funds to raise money would become the top priority of Hua Xia's financial industry. However, in 2002, almost all funds were linked to securities or central enterprises. No private company had used wealth management funds to raise money, and Li Mu was definitely the first.

The situation of Jun Cheng Real Estate was very simple and straightforward. If there was money, they would live. If there wasn't money, they would die. Li Mu had no other way to throw three billion into it. The only thing he could do was to use the fund as a medium to "raise money" from the public.

Wealth management funds with opaque internal operations and unable to guarantee both principal and interest were mostly hooligans. However, a businessman like Li Mu, who fully covered the bottom line and guaranteed 100% of the principal and interest, was really a model in the financial industry.

Chen Ze and Song Liang were also shocked by Li Mu's creativity. In their eyes, Li Mu's use of this method to raise money from society was just like the immortals in the myths and legends who scattered beans to form soldiers. It was a superb method. However, immortals played with magic, while Li Mu played with money.

The national debt with an annual interest rate of 2.4% could be fought over by the public. As long as the 3% principal and interest guarantee product was launched by the bank, it would probably be gone in the blink of an eye. Li Mu even suspected that the bank's employees, family members, and friends would basically buy it all before it was launched.

If there were no special circumstances, as long as the fund could be launched, three billion would be in his hands in the blink of an eye.

Lao Zhou quickly came back after the call. He arranged an appointment for Li Mu with a senior executive of the largest fund company in Yan Jing and briefly explained the situation over the phone. When the other party heard that Makino Technology was willing to cover the bottom line, he rushed over without any hesitation.

Half an hour later, a middle-aged man of thirty-six or thirty-seven years old rushed over. After Lao Zhou's introduction, his surname was Zhao, and his name was Zhao Haichao. He used to be a senior executive of Hua Xia Shou Kang Insurance. In 2000, when the fund industry started to emerge, he and a few people in the securities industry established a fund company. The domestic fund market was not mature yet. After two years of unconventional operation, the fund company that Zhao Haichao was in charge of was already the largest in Yan Jing.

However, Zhao Haichao had never cooperated with a private company in a fund product like this. However, the reputation of Makino Technology was very attractive to him. In addition, there were no clear laws and regulations for fund operations, so he still had a lot of power in his hands.

Zhao Haichao originally thought that he was only here to meet the boss of Makino Technology, Li Mu. He did not expect that the boss of Wanying Real Estate and the great god Chen Ze would also be present. Before he could figure out the specific situation of them looking for him to operate the fund, he had already made up his mind in his heart. No matter what, he had to find a way to cooperate with the three of them. After this cooperation, it would be equivalent to opening up a network of connections, which would be endless for him in the future.

Li Mu briefly introduced the current situation to Zhao Haichao, including the project he was operating, the funds he needed, and the details of the two main bodies covering the bottom line. After Zhao Haichao heard it, his eyes almost lit up.

For him, he was in the financial field, so he naturally hoped to cooperate with more people with strong backgrounds. He also hoped to be able to help people with strong backgrounds in the field he was good at, so as to establish his own connections. However, sometimes, if the other party's requirements were too harsh or too unrealistic, it would also give him a headache. If he helped, he would take a big risk. If he didn't help, he would offend them.

However, today, the cooperation model proposed by Li Mu not only did not have any risk for him, but there was at least more than 200 million profit margin. The most important thing was that among the three people, at least two of them were super powerful!

Li Mu was simply the overlord in the Internet field, and the relationship behind Chen Ze was even more unfathomable. Such a good project was like a pie falling from the sky. If there was even the slightest bit of hesitation in his heart, Zhao Haichao would feel that he had been in the insurance and finance field for so many years for nothing. He simply wanted to raise his hands and agree immediately.

After listening, Zhao Haichao said almost without hesitation, "Li Zong, I think the plan you said is very feasible. If you have any other questions, we can sign the contract at any time!"

Li Mu was delighted and asked him, "President Zhao, how long will it take before the fund can be sold on the market after signing the contract?"

Zhao Haichao said, "With your promise, our internal approval process will be very fast. Moreover, I used to work in an insurance company. As long as I approve it, the insurance company will come forward to underwrite it. As long as the insurance company underwrites it, there will be no problem at all. We can directly hand it over to President Zhou to arrange the sale."

Li Mu asked him, "Do we still need an insurance company to underwrite this?"

Zhao Haichao smiled and said truthfully, "At present, most of the funds are not underwritten by insurance companies, especially the funds that do not guarantee the principal or even the interest. There is a certain amount of risk. However, the fund you want to issue has two companies backing it. It is an extremely high-quality fund. If there is an insurance company underwriting it, the sale speed will be faster."

Li Mu asked him, "Will the insurance company underwrite it increase my additional expenses?"

"No, it won't."

Zhao Haichao was deliberately flattering him and wanted to add icing on the cake. How could he let Li Mu pay extra at this stage? He hurriedly explained, "Our company's shareholders have the participation of the insurance system. We have a very deep cooperation. As long as we approve of the fund 100%, they will unconditionally underwrite it. In this way, your fund will definitely be very popular with consumers."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "How long will it take for it to be officially sold?"

"At most a week."

Zhao Haichao promised, "If it's fast, it can be done in three days. Today is Sunday, which means that the fastest it can be done is Wednesday. At the slowest, it should be done by Friday."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Then you go through the internal process first, but you must keep it strictly confidential. Before the fund goes public, you can't disclose any relevant information."

Zhao Haichao immediately said, "Don't worry, we have always done our internal confidentiality work very well."

Li Mu was relieved. This decision really needed to be kept confidential because there was still the Lanke Group behind Juncheng Real Estate. Another thing was that Wei Lan only had 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares. The other 20% was still in the hands of another shareholder. He had to think of a way to get the 20% in at a low price. Otherwise, once the news was announced, the other shareholder would definitely hold onto the shares in their hands tightly and wait for three years or after the ban was lifted.

At noon, Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Song Liang treated Lao Zhou and Zhao Haichao to a meal. In just one meal, Zhao Haichao had already regarded himself as a member of the Wan Ying Boat. He knew that if he did this well, it would have a great impact on his future. He was ecstatic and nervous at the same time, afraid that something unexpected would happen.

After Old Zhou and Zhao Haichao left, Li Mu asked Song Liang to call the lawyer and legal department to come to the company as soon as possible. At the same time, he called Wei Lan. Wei Lan was eating at home. This morning, she accompanied Papa Lee and Li Ma to go shopping and buy some ingredients. At noon, Li Ma cooked at home.

Li Mu said to her over the phone, "After you eat, come to Wanying Real Estate. I'll ask the lawyer to come over to draft the contract. If there's no problem, we can sign the contract today."

"Really?!"

Wei Lan was so surprised that she almost lost her composure at the dining table. She hurriedly apologized to Papa Lee and Li Ma. After she took her phone to the courtyard, she suppressed the excitement in her heart and asked Li Mu, "Can we sign the contract this afternoon?"

Li Mu smiled. "As long as you don't have any problems with the contract, we can sign it this afternoon."

"Okay!

Then I'll go over after eating! "

Wei Lan was so excited that she wanted to scream in the courtyard!

Wei Lan was 100% willing to accept Li Mu's proposal to buy 80% of Jun Cheng Real Estate's shares for 800 million. First of all, this meant a lot to her family because they didn't lose everything and could still keep a part of their family's assets. Second, Wei Lan knew that if Li Mu had a way to save Jun Cheng Real Estate, then Lan Ke Group's despicable plan would fail. This was the scene that Wei Lan wanted to see the most.

Originally, Wei Lan wasn't 100% confident in Li Mu's proposal because Li Mu himself said that he needed three days to confirm it. However, she didn't expect that in just one morning, Li Mu would completely settle this matter!

This also meant that as long as she signed the contract in the afternoon, then she would get the 800 million cash that Li Mu promised after three years. No matter what, 800 million was definitely a large amount, especially for Wei Lan and her family who had already decided to give up everything. If she gave up Jun Cheng Real Estate and went to America, she wouldn't even get 100 million even if she sold all her assets.

After eating, Wei Lan suppressed the eagerness in her heart and helped Li Ma wash the pots, bowls, spoons, and chopsticks. Then, she hurried out and took a taxi to the address that Li Mu gave her. When she arrived, the lawyer had basically drawn up a rough contract template.

In fact, it was nothing more than some modifications to the ordinary acquisition contract, such as the acquisition of shares, acquisition valuation, payment method, and so on. The rest of the terms were basically the same.

When Wei Lan arrived at Wan Ying Real Estate, Li Mu invited her to the conference room. He first introduced Song Liang, Chen Ze, and the lawyer to her. Then, he directly asked the lawyer to explain and analyze the contract to her.

Although the terms of the contract were complicated, the core was very simple: Wan Ying Real Estate decided to acquire 80% of Jun Cheng Real Estate's shares at a valuation of 1 billion, and the purchase price would be paid in one lump sum after three years.

Wei Lan gave it a simple look and said without hesitation, "There's no problem with the contract. I'll sign it."

Li Mu nodded and asked the lawyer to pass him a pen. Wei Lan elegantly signed her name on it. Wei Lan's handwriting was very beautiful, capable, and free. It didn't look like a woman's handwriting.

Wei Lan carried the official seal and contract stamp of Jun Cheng Real Estate in her bag. After a few stamps were stamped, it was as if she had been reborn. Her entire temperament was no longer as melancholic as before.

As the legal representative and major shareholder of Wan Ying Real Estate, Song Liang shyly signed his name on Party A of the contract. His education wasn't high, and his handwriting was very ugly. Compared to Party B's Wei Lan's signature, it was worlds apart.

Wan Ying Real Estate's lawyer stamped Wan Ying Real Estate's seal on the contract, and the contract officially took effect from a legal perspective. At this moment, Jun Cheng Real Estate officially became a company controlled by Wan Ying Real Estate. At the same time, the main body of the battle for Jun Cheng Real Estate changed. The attacking side was still Lan Ke Group, but the defending side, Wei Lan, was permanently replaced. In her place was the omnipotent god in Song Liang and Chen Ze's eyes — — Li Mu!