Chapter 1352

In the next few days, good news from all sides came one after another.

The first thing was that Papa Lee and Li Ma wanted to recognize Li Ziwei as their goddaughter. There was a clear reply. It was Li Ziwei's parents who personally called Papa Lee and Li Ma. They had no opinion on this matter and raised both hands in favor.

Li Ziwei's parents had always thought that Li Mu was Li Ziwei's benefactor. Otherwise, how could a girl who had just graduated have such an opportunity to become the personal assistant of a top entrepreneur like Li Mu? What was more rare was that Papa Lee and Li Ma also liked her so much. She was also very respectful to Papa Lee and Li Ma, so they did not have any objection to the matter of recognizing their goddaughter.

Therefore, Li Ziwei's parents made preparations to come to Beijing in the near future. They wanted to confirm this matter with Papa Lee and Li Ma face to face. The corresponding ceremony was also essential for such an important matter.

Li Mu sighed that he suddenly had a godsister, and at the same time, he was gratified that his parents' relationship had become more fulfilling.

Li Ziwei was also trying not to let her life affect her work. She still did her best to do the job of Li Mu's assistant, and tried her best to solve more work needs for Li Mu.

…

After this matter was confirmed, Baidu also officially completed all the audit work of Easy Listening Technology. The two parties officially completed the merger. From then on, Easy Listening Technology officially became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baidu, and Li Mu also became a shareholder of Baidu, holding 25% of the shares.

The first thing that Li Mu did when he officially became a shareholder of Baidu was to let Makino Technology and Taobao jointly submit a huge keyword database to Baidu. This keyword database included all the currently available products on the market, as well as the Internet industry's hot words.

At the same time, Li Mu also informed Robin of his requirements. As a shareholder of Baidu and a strategic partner, he requested that Baidu must lock a position in the top three search results for these keywords for Taobao or Makino Technology.

Search engine optimization is a craft. It is a means to obtain traffic with little or no money. Optimizers have many ways to increase the weight of a website and a page under a keyword search result. If Baidu does not interfere, then the ranking of the hot search results is basically based on the ability of the optimizer. For example, if Baidu does not interfere with the hot search results for "novel," the first hot search result may not be the best in the industry, but it may be an unknown small website that does excellent optimization.

Li Mu wanted Baidu to cooperate and lock the top three of these hot search terms, in order to prevent other websites from affecting the ranking of Taobao or Makino Technology through optimization.

When Robin got his hands on the keyword database, he was extremely shocked.

Baidu was discussing the matter of keyword bidding internally. Baidu was preparing to introduce a set of algorithms and a bidding system to realize the realization of Baidu's traffic. However, he did not expect that Li Mu, who did not work on the search engine, also thought of this point. It could even be said that Li Mu's action was faster than his.

In fact, at this time in Robin's previous life, Baidu's bidding system had already been launched and put into use. However, in this life, the speed of Baidu's development was much slower because of the emergence of Li Mu.

The online MP3 market was taken away by Li Mu, and the rapid rise of YY. Hao123 was replaced by YY123, and YY became the largest portal in the industry. These actions of Li Mu directly or indirectly affected the speed of Baidu's development. Especially without the huge MP3 market, Baidu's development was much slower than in Robin's previous life.

The rapid rise of YY was like a sponge, sucking up the attention of a large number of Internet users. At the same time, it also absorbed most of the nutrients of the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia, causing the speed of Baidu's development to be even slower.

YY123 had now become the online favorite of the people in the country. It itself provided a direct link to a large number of different types of websites, which further reduced the search needs of users. Before YY123's rise, netizens wanted to go to Sina, but because they could not remember or were too lazy to enter the domain name, they would first go to Baidu, click on Sina, and then click on the search results to enter the website. However, the popularity of YY123 had cut off a considerable part of Baidu's traffic from this aspect …

The ill-fated Baidu should have been smooth sailing at this time in Robin's previous life. However, in this life, not only was it sailing against the wind, but it also often encountered all kinds of typhoons and tsunamis.

Moreover, in the future, Baidu's products had begun to be eaten away by Li Mu. The Baidu Tieba that would only be launched in the next year or two had now become one of YY's flagship products. This was also a huge loss that Baidu itself was unaware of.

Now, it was not easy for Baidu to get its hands on Easy Listening, and it could be considered to have finally upgraded its product line. However, it did not expect that Li Mu would suddenly ask for so many keywords with such huge potential.

Robin knew the profit margin of these hot keywords in search engine results. If he agreed to Li Mu's request, it would be an invisible loss for Baidu. However, the crux of the problem was that he could not refuse at all.

The search results of all product keywords were a strategic resource for Taobao, and if Taobao did not seize this strategic resource, it would definitely fall into the hands of others. Therefore, every product keyword was a must for Taobao. If Baidu did not give the search results of these keywords to Taobao, it would be impossible to keep them and sell them to other companies. This was because the companies that would buy these keywords were all Taobao's competitors. Robin was a part of Li Mu's ecosystem, so how could he export key resources to Li Mu's competitors?

Fortunately, Li Mu was not blindly demanding. He had already begun to embed in YY and YY123 to export users and traffic to Baidu. This made Robin feel much better. As long as Li Mu could bring him the resources he wanted, he would naturally give some of his resources to Li Mu in the form of "tribute".

In order to give Robin enough motivation, Li Mu even told Robin that he was going to add a more user-friendly feature in the future iterations of YY products. That was, when YY users were chatting, the right-click of any mouse selection would add a "".

For example, A said to B, "I went to Nanluogu Alley yesterday."

B wanted to learn more about Nan Luo Gu Alley. In the past, he needed to select the words "Nan Luo Gu Alley" with the mouse, right-click on "Copy", then open the browser, open Baidu, paste the words "Nan Luo Gu Alley" into the search box, and click "Search". Now, he only needed to select the words "Nan Luo Gu Alley" with the mouse, right-click on "Search", and YY would automatically open the default browser, automatically open Baidu, automatically search for "Nan Luo Gu Alley", and the feedback to the user would be the search results page for the words "Nan Luo Gu Alley".

However, Li Mu did not give Robin a specific time frame. He only told him that he had this plan and would implement it.

Even so, Robin was still overjoyed. This was a huge traffic entrance that he did not even dare to dream of. YY had a large number of users, and the amount of information exchanged every day was also very large. If YY really opened up this function, it would definitely be a huge boost to Baidu's traffic.

After discussing the issue of keywords, Li Mu gave Robin a few clear requirements regarding bidding.

First of all, he made Robin promise that in future Baidu's keyword bidding, he would not be selfish. Baidu must conduct a strict review of all the companies that participated in the keyword bidding. The other party must have the proper qualifications in the keyword field before they could participate in the keyword bidding.

For example, in the past, there was a scam organization bidding for the keyword "Call Fee". When the user paid the call fee, they entered the bidding link. The user, who did not know what was going on, would find out that the amount they paid was all scammed. This kind of thing was not allowed to happen again in this life of Baidu, especially to the Baidu that Li Mu invested in. If the keyword "Call Fee" were to be auctioned in the future, then the companies that participated in the bidding must have the clear qualifications to pay the call fee. On this basis, the qualified companies would be allowed to bid, and the scammers would be completely blocked out.

Second, he made Robin promise that Baidu would not bid for any medical keywords, absolutely not.

At this point in time, Baidu was still unaware of the market for medical keywords bidding. Therefore, Robin agreed without hesitation. All he could think of was Li Mu's traffic support.

Li Mu did not let his guard down. Instead, he looked for Fang Xudong and decided to further strengthen his control over Baidu.

Previously, he had people communicate with the capital in America to further increase their shareholding in Baidu in the future. Now, he wanted to snatch away more of Baidu's products in advance.

He asked Fang Xudong if he knew of a product called Wikipedia. Fang Xudong nodded. Having returned from America, he had long known of the existence of Wikipedia, as well as its nature and product characteristics.

Li Mu said, "Okay, pull up a development team and start developing YY Encyclopedia. YY Encyclopedia will be open to all YY users to create and modify it in the future. However, you will need to develop a user points system to prevent malicious creation and modification as much as possible."

Fang Xudong nodded. "I understand. I'll start making arrangements immediately."

Li Mu said, "Don't rush. Also, I have an idea for a webpage product. This product is a Q&A community among netizens. For example, users can post in this community to ask any question, and then other users can answer. Every user can answer, and the questioner can choose the answer that they think is the most useful to them. Other readers can also choose the answer that they support the most. Then, through points rewards and prize-winning answers, we can increase the enthusiasm of the users. Once we have millions or even tens of millions of different kinds of questions and answers from netizens, the number of page views every day will definitely be huge. Moreover, it will also be very helpful in increasing the stickiness of the users. This product will temporarily be called YY Know."

"Alright, Li Zong. I'll make arrangements for YY Know and YY Encyclopedia."