Chapter 434

The debut of YY was like the detonation of a nuclear bomb for the domestic Internet industry.

Mu Ye Technology's fleet was already quite large to begin with, but the sudden release of YY made everyone realize that before YY was released, Mu Ye Technology was a fleet with top-notch destroyers, top-notch cruisers, top-notch submarines, top-notch anti-submarine capabilities, and powerful supply ships. This fleet already seemed very powerful, but after YY was released, it was as if the fleet had gained an aircraft carrier. Only then did everyone truly understand that the true core of this fleet was this aircraft carrier. It was not an ordinary fleet, but an aircraft carrier battle group.

In an instant, Makino Technology became an unrivaled behemoth in the domestic Internet industry. Countless people sighed. Makino Technology's tricks were so deep that it was unbelievable. This move had not only shattered the dreams of their competitor, QQ, but also the dreams of countless Internet companies.

At this moment, Boss Ma was extremely nervous. He immediately gathered the company's core backbones and rushed back to the company overnight for a meeting. Before tonight, QQ had no rivals in the country. After tonight, QQ's future rival had appeared, and it might even become its nemesis.

Including Boss Ma, the eight core figures of Tengxun Company went out overnight and returned to the company for a meeting. At 11 o 'clock in the evening, the conference room was solemn. Eight people sat facing each other at the wide conference table. Each of them had a laptop in front of them. Each of them had downloaded YY and were constantly trying out all the product functions of YY. The thing that Internet people were most afraid of was seeing their opponents' products crush them on all levels. After the core members of QQ studied YY deeply, everyone had the same feeling in their hearts.

Many people held the mouse in one hand and a cigarette in the other, sighing as they watched. The conference room was filled with smoke, just like everyone's mood at the moment. It was foggy and gloomy.

Boss Ma knocked on the table and asked with a black face, "Tell me your views."

After that, he looked at Guo Haiming on his right and said, "Old Guo, you're more familiar with Makino Technology. You go first."

Guo Haiming squinted his eyes and took two deep drags of his cigarette. He put out the cigarette butt in the ashtray and said with a worried expression, "YY and QQ are in the same position. They're practically nemeses. They've done what we had, and they've done it far better than us. They've done things that we've thought of before, but because of our lack of energy and ability, they've done it better than we could have imagined. They've even done a lot of functions that we hadn't thought of, and they've done it very well. I really don't know what to do under these circumstances. Even if our product is developed and upgraded, even if we don't take any detours in the development process and the product tests are smooth, it would still take at least a few months. For the Internet, what does a few months mean? Everyone knows that a few months could mean an unsurpassable era."

Everyone nodded involuntarily.

What Guo Haiming said was very pertinent. In the field of the Internet, a few months of advantage could completely crush competitors. For example, Happy Farm. Even if QQ Fisheries desperately tried to catch up, Happy Farm's products were always ahead of QQ Fisheries by an era, so QQ Fisheries could not catch up no matter how hard they tried. The difference in data between the two was like heaven and earth. QQ Fisheries now had less than 100,000 daily active users, while Happy Farm had millions of daily active users. This kind of light flash game was shockingly popular among netizens. There were as many people playing Happy Farm every day as there were people using QQ and Baidu every day. This was a gap that could never be overcome.

Boss Ma smacked his lips and said expressionlessly, "Apart from this, can you tell me a practical and feasible solution?"

Guo Haiming was stunned, then he lowered his head and said softly, "How to deal with it … To be honest, I haven't thought of it yet …"

Boss Ma waved his hand. "Next, Old Liu."

The senior executive called Old Liu said awkwardly, "We can't catch up in terms of products. We can only think of a way to catch up in terms of operations. Why don't we do this? We might as well give our customers virtual value-added services, QQ coins and membership services to stabilize the users first."

Boss Ma nodded. "That's a good idea. Is there anything else?"

"No."

Boss Ma said again, "Next."

"Boss Ma, I think we can first imitate YY and transplant the group function and cartoon show function to QQ. These two functions are too attractive to users. If we don't catch up quickly, when users really develop a habit of using them, our situation will be even more critical."

"That makes sense. We have to come up with a product plan immediately for the group function and cartoon show function, especially the group function. The core technical architecture must be put in. After all, it must support hundreds of people to chat together. It must be fast and stable."

At this time, someone could not help but say, "Boss Ma, Old Liu is right. There is basically no hope for us to catch up with the product now. The development cycle will take at least a few months. After a few months, to what extent will YY grow to? None of us dare to imagine. If by that time, our users have already been lost, and our product has only just caught up with YY's footsteps in a few functions, then it will be very difficult for us to reverse the situation!"

This sentence was particularly agreed by a few people, including Guo Haiming. Guo Haiming said, "Boss Ma, now is the critical moment of life and death. YY is so strong that the time left for us to react is very short. Once YY reaches 50 million registered users, or even more than 100 million registered users, it will be very difficult for us to turn the tables!

Other than QQ, we don't have any other good products. If QQ fails, then we will fail! "

"Yes, from now on, our users will shrink, and our profitability will also be greatly affected. All the value-added services we built based on QQ will definitely plummet …"

Once pessimism was aroused, the speed at which it spread was beyond imagination, and it also had a great impact on the mood. Boss Ma's eyebrows were almost twisted into a ball. His heart was as desperate as these people. Even with his professionalism and his understanding of the instant messaging software market, he was even more desperate than the others. That was because he could no longer see any winning points for QQ. At a glance, the battle between YY and QQ would definitely end with QQ dying tragically.

Now, all methods could only be regarded as a last-ditch struggle.

At this moment, Boss Ma was angry and regretful. What he regretted the most was that he was jealous of the achievements of Makino Technology and focused a lot of manpower and material resources on developing the two failed products, Q Bar and QQ Fisheries.

Teng Xun had fought two battles with Makino Technology. Although Makino Technology won each time, Teng Xun had never regarded Makino Technology as a real threat before today. That was because their core business was very clear, which was instant messaging, and their core product was QQ. It did not matter how awesome Makino Technology's Tieba and Happy Farm were. Even if Teng Xun failed to replicate it, it was just that he did not snatch food from other people's bowls. Nothing in his pot was missing, and that was enough.

However, the sudden release of YY by Makino Technology almost instantly destroyed the confidence of Boss Ma and everyone in Teng Xun.

…

The data of YY continued to rise rapidly like a rocket. It took less than 20 hours to break through the threshold of 10 million users. After 24 hours, the number of users had already exceeded 13 million.

At present, QQ had more than 100 million registered users, and the actual users were about 60 to 70 million. Li Mu's goal was to surpass QQ within a month. Within two to three months, he would cut down QQ's market share by at least 80%, thereby establishing the dominant position in the instant messaging field of YY. With this goal in mind, the current results could only be regarded as the beginning.

Twenty-four hours after YY was launched, Li Mu no longer stared at the data. He ran out to have dinner with Chen Wan and drove her to SugarClub after dinner. The siblings ordered a bunch of drinks and snacks in the private room. They chatted and drank while listening to the dynamic DJ music outside. The atmosphere was very lively.

In fact, the main reason the two of them came out to eat and drink was because Li Mu was sending Chen Wan off because she would be leaving Yan Jing soon.

Since Yan Jing TV's Zhan Yun was suspended because of his style, he was immediately investigated by the Commission for Discipline Inspection.

The Commission for Discipline Inspection targeted him because his scandal this time was too big, and the impact was too bad. The higher-ups intended to beat the dog when he was down and kill the chicken to warn the monkey. The core issue of the Commission for Discipline Inspection was not Zhan Yun's exposed style, but the situation where he and his wife's huge property came from unknown sources.

It was said that after the Commission for Discipline Inspection paid attention to the scandal, they immediately began to investigate all his property. Zhan Yun's own financial prevention and confidentiality work was relatively amateur. The Commission for Discipline Inspection easily found out the millions of funds in his wife's account, as well as the transaction facts such as the purchase of a house for her mother.

In addition, Zhan Yun has seven secret properties in Yan Jing, worth about 10 million yuan, which is enough to keep him in prison for 20 years.

After Zhan Yun fell, Chen Wan also successfully terminated the labor contract. After a few days of rest, she confirmed the signing date with Xiangnan Satellite TV. This Friday, Chen Wan will go to Xiangnan Satellite TV to report, and on Monday, she will officially start her job training.

Li Mu opened a bottle of champagne to celebrate Chen Wan. After the two clinked glasses, Li Mu asked her, "Sister, has there been any communication with you about the scheduling?

After you go, when can you go on the show and when can you have a holiday? "

Chen Wan said: "I have communicated with Xiangnan Satellite TV about the details. This time, when I go to Xiangdu, I have to do job training and audition in the first week, and I have to prepare to enter the studio to officially record the show in the second week. If the recording goes well, I should be able to rest in the third week if there is nothing to do. I should be able to rest for about 7-9 days, and then I will go back to Yan Jing."

Li Mu nodded gently after listening, thinking that Xiangnan Satellite TV and the director team of "Happy Camp" should be very reassured about Chen Wan's personal conditions and professionalism. Right now, they must only want her to officially appear in the show as soon as possible, because "Old Boys" has been on the air for so long, and its popularity and influence are declining. The longer it is delayed, the less effective Xiangnan Satellite TV and the "Happy Camp" program team will be.

At this time, Chen Wan said again, "In fact, I'm not confident in myself. I've never appeared on TV before. I'm under a lot of pressure to appear on" Happy Camp "all of a sudden."

Li Mu said with a smile, "The winning point of" Happy Camp "is that it completely takes the entertainment route. The entry point of the program is well chosen, the segments are designed with new ideas, and the guests have a certain reputation, so the ratings are guaranteed. The hosting style is very casual, so you must not have any psychological pressure. As long as you adjust yourself and perform well on the stage according to the script, when it's time to be a goddess, when it's time to be a goddess, when it's time to be amusing, it's no problem."

After that, Li Mu couldn't help but add, "Sister, I have to remind you that although" Happy Camp "is an entertainment program, you must not be too entertaining. The hosting style can be humorous, but the temperament that you show must be high-end and upscale. You must not take the route of pretending to be crazy."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "Even if you want me to pretend to be crazy, I'm afraid I won't be able to do it …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is your first episode, so bring along the four people from" Simple Plan "and Du Wei. Let them support you."

After Chen Wan heard that, she was completely stunned and said, "My brother and Du Wei, ever since" Old Boys "was released, they have not participated in any TV programs. Many TV stations are fighting for them, trying all kinds of connections to invite them, but to no avail … What if I invite all five of them?

Wouldn't that be a little too much? "

Li Mu said seriously, "When you officially join" Happy Camp "for the first episode, you must be high-profile. You must ensure that the first episode has as many viewers as possible, so that more viewers can deepen their impression of you. In addition, I'll inform the people in the company later. After your first episode is recorded, I'll do my best to warm up this episode through Tieba and YY. We must ensure that the first episode of" Happy Camp "will break the highest ratings of this program!"

Chen Wan was stunned and murmured to him, "Isn't this too much of a fuss …"