Chapter 15

Before leaving the school, Su Yingxue saw Li Mu at the door of the phone booth. Thinking of what Li Mu said in class today, she was a little flustered.

She wanted to ask Li Mu if he was serious when he said he wanted to take the National People's Congress.

However, she didn't expect that before she left the school, Li Mu suddenly ran away.

Su Yingxue watched Li Mu run away and felt a little disappointed. She thought that with Li Mu's grades, it seemed that it would be difficult for him to take the National People's Congress. In the previous few simulations, his highest score was about 580 points. However, if he wanted to take the National People's Congress, he should at least get 620 or 630 points, right?

After analyzing it, Su Yingxue felt that Li Mu was probably just joking. Thinking of this, she felt strange and a little uncomfortable.

Li Mu went into the big spider web and continued the development of the Stoneware Overlord. In less than ten minutes, Zhao Kang also came.

After Zhao Kang sat down, he asked Li Mu, "How much did you estimate?"

"More than 620 points. What about you?"

"F * ck … Really?"

"Really."

"Li Mu, I thought about it seriously. I think it's better for us to break off our friendship."

"Why?"

"I really can't hang out with you, who is more handsome than me and has better grades than me. It hurts my self-esteem."

"Don't talk nonsense. How much did you estimate?"

Zhao Kang hesitated for a moment and said with a little bit of confidence, "If there are no accidents, 490 to 500 points."

"I don't think you are confident. It's hard to get 499 points. Moreover, 499 points may not be enough to pass the top three universities. If you don't have absolute confidence in passing the top three universities, you must be careful when applying for a university."

Zhao Kang asked tentatively, "Should I apply for a better college in the province?"

Li Mu said, "Since you're willing to go to college, why don't you apply for a developing city? What do you think of Beijing?"

"Beijing, huh …" Zhao Kang scratched his head. "What can I do in the capital with my current situation?"

"Go to school, pick up girls, earn money, and reach the peak of life."

Zhao Kang hesitated for a while. "My parents probably won't let me go to college."

"Aren't you also unwilling to repeat?"

Li Mu asked, "Why didn't you think about it when I said that I could help you earn enough money for your college tuition?"

Zhao Kang had a sudden realization.

It turned out that his good brother had been planning for him for a long time. He knew that there was an 80% chance that he wouldn't be able to get into college, and he also knew that he had a completely opposite and irreconcilable conflict with his family's wishes. Therefore, it was equivalent to giving him a choice. It didn't matter if he didn't get into college, he could just pay for it himself and go to college.

Zhao Kang was moved and asked one last time, "Can this cheat really work?"

"Yes, of course."

"Alright, college in Beijing, right? I understand now!"

Li Mu saw that Zhao Kang had been convinced by him, and his heart relaxed a lot. He continued to be busy developing the Stoneware Overlord.

In the middle, Li Mu's QQ received a message. It was a penguin avatar wearing a pink flower. After Li Mu opened it, he was delighted to find that the little penguin with the pink flower was actually Su Yingxue.

He had always remembered Su Yingxue's online name. It was a very simple English word, Snow. Su Yingxue's QQ had always been this name, and she had never changed it.

In his previous life, Li Mu often changed his online name, but he never changed his password. On this point, it was somewhat complementary to Su Yingxue.

The message from Snow was: "What's your estimated score in the college entrance examination?"

Captivating Dreams: "Between 625 and 630."

Snow: "Really?

That high?

Don't lie to me. "

Captivating Dreams: "Why would I lie to you? It's true."

Snow: "If it's true, that would be great."

Li Mu saw that Su Yingxue didn't seem to believe it, so he asked back, "What about you? What's your estimate?"

Snow: "Between 640 and 660."

Lee: "Congratulations, you will definitely have no problem getting into Renmin University!"

Snow: "Eh, why did you suddenly change your online name?"

Lee: "The previous one was too vulgar."

Snow: "I don't think so. It's pretty good."

Li Mu was about to reply when Snow sent a message: "My mom is asking me to go out. Talk to you another day!"

Li Mu watched as the pink penguin turned black and white and sank into the list of offline friends. He felt a little empty in his heart. After half a minute of frustration, he once again immersed himself in the development of the plug-in.

At 5: 30 pm, Li Mu saved the progress and said to Zhao Kang, "I'm going home for dinner today. What about you?"

Zhao Kang rubbed his eyes and said, "I'm going home for dinner too."

…

The first time Li Mu drank baijiu with his father was after he graduated from university.

That time, he decided to go to Beijing to further his career. He left home and traveled more than a thousand kilometers. At that time, there were no high-speed trains and the ticket from the provincial capital to Beijing was not affordable for ordinary people. Ordinary hard seats would take more than ten hours to travel. His parents were not very willing to travel alone, but after a few days of consideration, his father still respected Li Mu's decision.

That night, both Li Mu and his father were drunk. He still remembered that night, he cried in bed and swore that he would make a name for himself in Beijing. However, the first few years of his life were not much better than a dog's. He lived in a basement, rented a group house, kept changing jobs, kept moving to a new house, and kept getting scammed by black agents in the north …

In this life, because of Li Mu's rebirth, the day of their first toast was brought forward by a whole four years.

Papa Lee took out a bottle of Luzhou Laojiao that he had collected since the 1980s. It was said that there were only two bottles in total. Papa Lee had long planned to save one bottle for Li Mu's wedding day and the other bottle for the day Li Mu had a child.

However, today was a happy day, so he opened a bottle in advance.

Both father and son could hold their liquor well, and they were really happy. They split the bottle equally and no one got drunk. Instead, they asked their mother to go out and buy a few bottles of beer to continue drinking.

At the table, Li Mu said that he was going to apply to Renmin University. At first, his parents were a little worried that it was too risky, but Li Mu insisted that he was confident. As a result, Papa Lee, who drank a little, was in a good mood and said loudly, "Good!

Young people should have the courage to go all out. Dad supports you! "

After three rounds of drinking, Li Mu suddenly said, "Dad, the Xiling coal mine seems to be running out soon, right?

The efficiency is getting worse day by day. What's your plan? "

Papa Lee looked at Li Mu in surprise and said with a laugh, "It's okay. No matter what, your dad has been a technician for more than 20 years. I have some skills."

"There are very few coal mines in Jiangnan."

Li Mu said faintly, "There is only one coal mine in Haizhou. If the Xiling coal mine fails, I'm afraid that with your skills, you won't have a chance in the south of the Yangtze River."

Most of the coal mines in Hua Xia were distributed in the north. Coal mines in the south of the Yangtze River were very rare. What Li Mu said was also very realistic. In his previous life, after his father was laid off, he thought of working in the northwest coal mine. However, it was too far from home, so he finally chose to work in the local construction team.

Papa Lee was a more traditional man. His grandparents were still living in the countryside, and his mother also had grandparents to take care of. He couldn't leave these things behind and work in another city.

Li Mu's words made Papa Lee fall into deep thought. He found that his son had really matured a lot overnight. Now, he could already discuss problems with him as an adult.

"I guess the Xiling coal mine won't last long."

Papa Lee originally didn't want to say this to Li Mu, but he also realized that he couldn't hide it from Li Mu now. "There will be a batch of people laid off at the end of the month, and there will be another batch at the end of the year. It's very likely that your mom and I will be laid off at the end of the year. But it's not a big deal. Your mom and I will still have a salary even if we're laid off. If we work part-time and get some subsidies, we will be able to retire early after a few years."

Li Mu smiled. "Dad, I will find a way to earn all the expenses for my university. You and Mom don't have to worry about this. The reason why I said this is that I don't want you to hide it from me after you're laid off and work hard to make up for the gap in income."

Papa Lee was instantly stunned. Li Ma asked in astonishment, "You're talking nonsense. Do you know how much it costs to go to university?

Your dad and I have done the math. If you go to a university in the provincial capital, you'll need at least 50,000 yuan for your tuition, living expenses, and travel expenses for four years. If you go to Beijing, you'll need at least 60,000 to 70,000 yuan! "

Li Mu said, "I will think of a way. The internet is very popular now, and many people are making a lot of money. I have been doing research in my spare time, and I think I can do it too."

"What internet?" Papa Lee frowned. "Internet?

Is it the one that you guys spend money to go to the internet cafe to play? "

"Yes." Li Mu nodded.

"Isn't that giving money to the internet cafe?"

Li Mu smiled. "Giving money to the internet cafe means giving the usage fees for the machines and the internet. Making money is earning money from other people's money online. This is not contradictory."

"Don't be cheated by others. There are swindlers everywhere these days." Li Ma obviously didn't believe him.

Li Mu also wanted to give them a heads-up, so he didn't say it with certainty. He smiled and said, "Anyway, it doesn't cost anything. I will try. If it works, then it works. If it doesn't, then forget it. It's just a little bit of internet fees."

"That's true."

Papa Lee drank a mouthful of wine and said to Li Mu, "Anyway, you can do whatever you want this summer vacation. If you need money, just look for us. Although we don't have much money, at least we can pay for your tuition and living expenses for the first year of university. As for the rest, we will think of a way."