Chapter 1094

After racking his brains for a few days, Li Mu still could not think of a truly effective and reasonable solution.

The basic principle of touching SARS was that he could not make any public announcement about SARS before the World Health Organization announced it. Otherwise, with his current level of attention, once he was questioned on this issue, people with a big brain might really come up with the relevant speculation that he was "reborn and time-traveled". Li Mu could not take such a risk.

In this way, hoarding a large number of supplies to solve some of the problems for the people and the government at the critical moment became Li Mu's core requirement for himself in the upcoming SARS incident.

The crux of the problem was that if Li Mu could not find a reasonable reason to do this in advance and directly hoarded supplies, he would still bring himself big trouble. As a boss with a net worth of tens of billions of US dollars, he had many businesses to run, and there were so many transactions worth hundreds of millions of US dollars to go through every day. If a person like him suddenly went and hoarded a large number of epidemic supplies, it would be strange if people did not suspect him to the bone.

Just when Li Mu was thinking so hard in Ziyun Villa that even his stubble had grown a lot, he suddenly received a call from Liu Shixiong.

The first thing Liu Shixiong said when he got on the phone was, "I haven't heard from you since you came back. Even the media that paid so much attention to you didn't report on your recent situation. What have you been busy with recently?"

Li Mu said, "I was too tired during this period of time in the United States. When I came back, I wanted to rest. I've been resting at home these days."

"Aiyo, that's rare!" Liu Shixiong said with a smile, "The hardworking Li Mu actually knows how to rest. It's really rare."

Li Mu smiled and said, "What's wrong?

Can't I rest for a few days occasionally? "

"Yes, yes, yes."

Liu Shixiong said half-jokingly and half-seriously, "I can't wait for you to rest more. You are my boss, so you have to take care of yourself."

Li Mu asked him, "Senior fellow apprentice, where are you?

Are you in Yan Jing? "

"No."

Liu Shixiong said, "I have been in Shenzhen and Yangcheng for the past few days. The automatic sorting system produced by Berman for us has been cleared. After clearing customs in Shanghai, it will be shipped to various places. Next, it will be gradually installed, debugged, and put into use. Right now, the volume of parcels in Shenzhen and the surrounding areas is too large, so we plan to install the first set of equipment in the sorting center in Shenzhen. I am here to supervise the installation and debugging."

Since Taobao started with electronic products, it has pulled the electronics industry of Shenzhen very quickly, so Shenzhen has become the first city in China to be closely linked with Taobao and e-commerce. Now, among the many logistics bases of Taobao Logistics in China, Shenzhen is under the most pressure. The current industrial development scale of Shenzhen has begun to spread to the surrounding areas, and has formed the industrial integration pattern of Guangfo Guan and Shenzhen. The previous logistics base of Yangcheng can no longer bear such huge pressure, so Taobao Logistics has invested in a new logistics base in Shenzhen. At present, the importance of this place has become greater and greater.

Li Mu subconsciously asked, "Senior, how long are you going to stay in Guangdong Province?"

Liu Shixiong said, "It depends on you. If you have the time and energy to estimate the operation of Taobao, then you can cooperate with Old Lei, and I can run our logistics related matters outside. If your time and energy are limited, and there is a need for front-end operations, I will run back and forth."

Li Mu's mind suddenly lit up.

Guangdong Province … the original birthplace of SARS. If he stayed in Guangdong Province for a period of time, he would have the opportunity to come into contact with SARS in advance before the public knew about it.

If he came into contact with the SARS epidemic in Guangdong Province at the end of this year, then he would have a reason to support his various preparations in advance to prevent the outbreak of SARS.

Thinking of this, Li Mu suddenly became spirited. It was as if the frustration of thinking hard for the past few days had all been cleared up in an instant!

If he went to Guangdong Province with the excuse of personally participating in the construction of Taobao's logistics, not only could he personally experience the epidemic, but he could also directly use Taobao's warehouse to stock up supplies within the framework of Taobao.

At that time, he could willfully let Taobao operate on its own and cooperate with Taobao's warehouse to purchase supplies related to epidemic prevention nationwide and globally. With his personal experience as a trigger, Li Mu could say that after experiencing the epidemic, he felt the urgency of the disease and stubbornly asked his team to prepare supplies.

For Taobao's current size and scale of funds, it would not be difficult to stock up a huge amount of epidemic supplies for the purpose of operating sales. Moreover, from the perspective of a businessman with a keen sense of smell, Li Mu could first stock up supplies under the premise of discovering the possibility of the spread of the epidemic. It would appear that he hoped to rely on these supplies to boost Taobao's sales.

Once the epidemic was made public, he would immediately take the interests of the country and society as the top priority. He would donate a portion of the supplies to the government for free, and then put the rest on Taobao's website. He would sell them at cost price or even at a loss for the areas with serious epidemics to alleviate the panic in the areas with serious epidemics, panic buying, and price increases.

As for the operation of stocking up supplies, not only did Li Mu not plan to make a single cent from the epidemic this time, but he was prepared to spend at least a hundred million yuan to subsidize it. Although the loss was huge, this amount of money was not worth mentioning to Li Mu. He only hoped to do what he could to help with SARS.

Of course, if this matter was carried out smoothly, it would also be of great help to the subsequent development of Taobao's website. In terms of social influence and the formation of online shopping habits, Taobao's website could also reap a long-term positive promotion.

After thinking about this, Li Mu immediately said to Liu Shixiong, "Senior, the automatic sorting system is the most important development of our own logistics system in the next few years, and it has always been something that I've been very concerned about. I'll go look for you in the next two days, and we'll control the logistics together."

When Liu Shixiong heard this, he immediately said, "Okay!

You arrange the time, and let me know when you're coming over. I'll pick you up at the airport. "

Li Mu said, "I'll do it as soon as possible. I don't have too many things to deal with at hand. I'll go over after arranging it."

As he spoke, Li Mu asked him, "By the way, how's the installation progress of the automatic sorting system in Shenzhen?"

Liu Shixiong said, "The installation will be completed in three days, and it will be put into trial operation on the fourth day. Because this is the first express parcel automatic sorting system officially put into use by a domestic private enterprise, and it is also the most advanced sorting system in the country, I've asked the event executive company to prepare a trial operation launch ceremony. At that time, some media will be invited to come over and write some positive news for us."

Speaking up to this point, Liu Shixiong subconsciously added, "By the way!

You haven't appeared in the public eye since you returned to China, right?

Since you're coming to Shenzhen, I think it's better for you to come over and participate in this launch ceremony. If the domestic media knows that you're coming, they'll probably go crazy. At that time, we won't have to spend a single cent. Just by your appearance, we can get crazy reports from the national media. "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Okay!

Then I'll go over and participate in this launch ceremony. You can make it bigger with the media. The more high-profile this matter is, the better! "

"Understood!

Leave it to me. "

Liu Shixiong didn't know what Li Mu was planning. He only thought that Li Mu wanted to take the opportunity to increase the influence of Taobao Logistics in the country. But in fact, Li Mu's main purpose was to set a very high tone for his behavior in Guangdong Province. He wanted the people of the country to know that because he valued the development of Taobao Logistics, he would personally go to Guangdong Province to supervise the development of Taobao Logistics in Guangdong Province.

As long as this high-profile foundation was laid, when the epidemic in Guangdong Province reached a large scale, Li Mu would have enough reason to immediately prepare a large number of epidemic materials and fill Taobao's warehouses all over the country!

After hanging up the phone, the excited Li Mu immediately called Li Ziwei and asked her to contact a domestic business jet company to charter a small business jet from Yanjing to Shenzhen in three days. This time, Li Mu didn't plan to bring too many people with him. Only Li Ziwei and his three bodyguards would be enough.

After arranging for Li Ziwei to charter the plane, Li Mu immediately held a video conference with the people in charge of Makino Technology and Makino Impression. The work before the release of "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years" was handed over to the people in charge of the two boards. The promotion of the ticketing system and the subsequent introduction of other cinema chains were all handed over to the people in charge.

Li Mu planned to stay in Guangdong Province for at least twenty days to a month. During this period, he didn't plan to handle the other businesses personally. He delegated the authority to his subordinates. He only looked at the results in Guangdong Province, and if there were any problems, he would take command from afar.

After the video conference ended, Li Mu immediately searched the Internet for some domestic and foreign companies that produced epidemic materials. He wanted to do market analysis and make preparations. Once the time was ripe, he wouldn't be blinded by large-scale purchases.

Li Mu learned on the Internet that there were many domestic companies that produced disinfectants. They produced a wide variety of products, but the most mainstream was 84 disinfectant.

84 disinfectant was developed by Yanjing Ditan Hospital in 1984. It had transferred its patent and technology to dozens of domestic companies. Moreover, because 84 was extremely well-known in China, this disinfectant had a different kind of authority in the eyes of the people. This authority could indeed stand up to scrutiny and was much stronger than Isatis Isatidis, which could cure all diseases.

Li Mu roughly analyzed the current manufacturers of these disinfectants. If he stimulated their production with orders before the outbreak of the epidemic, they could at least produce an additional 100 million bottles of disinfectant in two or three months.

In addition to disinfectant, cold and fever medicine, and temperature measurement tools, the most important thing was protection tools.