Chapter 1146

Department Head Zhen didn't expect that Le Tao would be so greedy in such a short period of time. In the previous stage, it was struggling to survive in the cracks of the fake market, but in the next stage, it was ready to launch a counterattack.

The reason why they hadn't really come out to control the fake market was actually related to the management skills of the senior leaders. Just like the great chief architect of the reform and opening up said, "Black or white cat, as long as it can catch mice, it's a good cat."

At the beginning of a new industry, the leaders needed to catch mice, so under normal circumstances, they weren't willing to take the initiative to control it. Instead, they hoped that black cats, white cats, and tabby cats would work together to catch mice first. When the goal of catching mice wasn't so urgent, they would study what kind of cats the market needed. If the market didn't need black cats, then even if they could catch mice, they would have to change the color of the cat or directly remove it from the market.

In short, everything was based on the management logic of first development, then control.

But this time, Boss Ma really went a little too far. If he had been in a narrow gray area, this set of management methods might have been formulated and announced at least next year. If he had grasped the rhythm well, he might have been able to find a chance to clear his name next year. But his mistake was that he was too greedy for profits. Once he found a path, he would expand it to the extreme.

Le Tao was supposed to survive in the shadows. Unexpectedly, in order to develop quickly, Boss Ma took advantage of the current loophole of the law. Not only did he tacitly allow the sale of fake goods online, but he even encouraged it. What was more frightening was that he even used shell companies to cooperate with fake factories. He was simply too unscrupulous.

What surprised Department Head Zhen even more was that, seeing that it was almost the end of the year, Le Tao actually launched a large-scale promotional campaign. It was even more arrogant.

Therefore, Department Head Zhen didn't dare to delay any longer. He immediately prepared for a surprise attack on Le Tao today.

Li Mu didn't know about the plans of Department Head Zhen and the senior leaders. Until the end of the press conference, Li Mu was still a little annoyed.

When he walked into the lounge, Liu Shixiong came up to him and said, "Do you think we should inform Lei Jun and ask him to advance the promotion that was originally scheduled for New Year?"

Lei Jianguo had planned a big promotion at the end of the Lunar New Year, but he chose New Year's Day. Therefore, the whole promotion plan was prepared with New Year's Day as the node. It was impossible to make it in time for the Christmas train, but if they moved it forward, they should be able to go online as early as tomorrow.

Li Mu hesitated for a moment before gently waving his hand. "There's no point in moving the time forward now. Furthermore, once we change the plan, it will definitely disrupt the rhythm. Therefore, let Lei Jun proceed according to the rhythm he has set. Don't be too affected by Le Tao."

Liu Shixiong said, "It's almost a week away from New Year's Day. If we don't do anything, I'm afraid Le Tao will rise quickly in this week!"

Li Mu said, "If he can really rely on this to rise, I have nothing to say. Moreover, I think the higher-ups will definitely take action. Maybe after Le Tao makes a big move this time, it will be time for the higher-ups to regulate the e-commerce industry."

Liu Shixiong sighed and said indignantly, "Let's hope so!

If you're right, then Le Tao is playing with fire. If you're wrong, then it will become our biggest enemy in the future. "

Li Mu said with a firm expression, "Don't worry, even if the higher-ups don't come up with laws and regulations, I won't give him any chance to rise. I don't care if he sells fake goods, how much he can sell depends on his ability. But if he wants to extend his hand into other areas, I will definitely fight him to the death. Other than fake goods, all of Le Tao's legitimate products can't be sold cheaper than us on our platform. Whatever he sells, I will lower the price. Apart from selling fake goods, there's nothing else he can do!"

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "The stability of our funds is our advantage. After all, Le Tao's funds are limited. If we all fight for one or two rounds, it might still be able to stand. If there's a few more rounds, it will collapse first."

…

Li Mu arranged for the staff to send Spielberg and the others back to the hotel. Under the escort of Wang Yuanlang, he took a business car and went directly to the house he bought in Shenzhen. There was only Li Mu in the big house. Although it was very quiet, Li Mu couldn't calm down.

Since his rebirth, there was no doubt that Boss Ma had become the most difficult opponent. He couldn't kill him so many times, which affected Li Mu's mentality more or less. Although he looked calm in front of Liu Shixiong, in fact, he was so angry that he wanted to curse.

In fact, even if Boss Ma's promotion was successful, he was still thousands of miles away from Li Mu's Taobao. He couldn't be a threat at all. In fact, he didn't even have much influence. However, Li Mu was a person who couldn't tolerate sand in his eyes, especially this kind of sand with edges and corners. He couldn't wait to eradicate it once and for all. Therefore, as long as Le Tao was still there, even if there was only one order a day, it would still be a thorn in Li Mu's side.

Just when he was upset, his phone suddenly rang. Li Mu, who was lying on the sofa, took the phone and found that it was Wei Lan who called.

"Congratulations!

You did another big thing that caused a sensation in the country. "Wei Lan smiled and congratulated Li Mu. Her voice was quiet and gentle.

Ever since she became Li Mu's woman, every time Wei Lan called Li Mu, her voice could make Li Mu think of a perfect smiling face.

Hearing Wei Lan's congratulations, Li Mu said casually, "It's not a big deal. It's nothing more than using benefits to lure a group of big gods from Hollywood to help Hua Xia's movie."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "You think it's not a big deal, but I think it's one of the biggest things in Hua Xia's movie industry in recent years. The other is your Mu Ying ticketing system. These two things will have a profound impact on Hua Xia's movie industry. If they are combined, the impact will be even greater. Maybe Hua Xia's movie will enter a new era next year."

Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "Is it really okay for you to praise me like this?"

Wei Lan said in a gentle and firm voice, "You are my man. Who else should I praise if not you?

What's more, you have already done very well. "

Wei Lan's words made Li Mu's heart feel as if he had drunk a sweet spring. He immediately relaxed a lot, and the turbid air that he hadn't been able to exhale seemed to have mostly dissipated with these words.

Without waiting for Li Mu to speak, Wei Lan said, "You should be very upset about Le Tao now, right?"

Li Mu asked her subconsciously, "How did you know?"

Wei Lan said, "I saw the advertisement for Le Tao and got a general idea of it. It seems to have caused quite a stir, so I thought that you must have known about it too. And if you knew about this, you must be in a bad mood."

Li Mu sighed and said, "You really know me."

"That's right."

Wei Lan said, "Although we haven't really known each other for a long time, I can still feel it. Other than congratulating you, I'm also calling to advise you not to take it to heart. If something that can't see the light of day has to be exposed to the light of day, to a certain extent, it's not far from extinction. What do you think?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "You're right."

Wei Lan chuckled. "It's good that you really think it's right. I'm just afraid that you will be unhappy. There is no one in Shenzhen to accompany you, and there is no place for you to act coquettishly."

Li Mu was a little speechless. "When did I want to act coquettishly?"

Wei Lan said, "Sometimes, men also need to act coquettishly. You can't remain calm and mature in front of everyone. That's too tiring."

As she said that, Wei Lan said, "By the way, I have to go to Hong Kong next week. Do you miss me?

If you miss me, I will fly to Shenzhen to see you first, and then pass through Shenzhen. "

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Yes!

When next week?

I will pick you up! "

Wei Lan said with a smile, "I will confirm it as soon as possible. After confirming it, I will tell you. Before I arrive, can you promise me one thing?"

Li Mu said, "Okay, tell me!"

"Don't be unhappy. I don't want you to be sad when you go to the airport to pick me up."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I won't."

"That's good. I will reward you, right?"

Li Mu hung up the phone with Wei Lan. His mood was indeed a lot better. Although Wei Lan was the oldest among the women around him, she was also the most accurate and vicious in looking at problems. More importantly, Li Mu didn't expect that she would understand him so well. She even knew what he was worried about right now.

This was the first time he had the feeling of being guessed by someone else. Not only did Li Mu not feel any psychological burden, but he also felt very happy.

Li Mu took a nap on the sofa for a while. When he woke up, it was already around five o 'clock in the afternoon. At this moment, in Hangzhou, thousands of miles away, the joint law enforcement team formed by the Industrial and Commercial Department and the Public Security Department hurriedly gathered, preparing to go to the headquarters of LeTao.com.

At the same time, Lu Zhaoxi ran into Boss Ma's office in a hurry. He didn't even bother to knock on the door and said impatiently, "Boss, there is a big problem!"

Boss Ma frowned. "What happened? Why are you so flustered?"

Lu Zhaoxi said breathlessly, "Just now, at five o 'clock, the Economic and Trade Commission released the trial measures for e-commerce management."

Boss Ma asked curiously, "What's the content?"

Lu Zhaoxi said, "There are a few clear rules. First, any e-commerce platform must abide by the laws and regulations of Hua Xia. They must not sell fake products. Violators will have their business licenses revoked and be fined heavily."

Boss Ma frowned even more. Revoke the business license?

Was it that outrageous?

Who could guarantee that it wasn't all bark and no bite?

Then, Boss Ma looked at Lu Zhaoxi and asked, "Anything else?"

"Yes!"

Lu Zhaoxi said impatiently, "The second rule is that as an intermediary platform, the platform operator has the obligation to supervise and confirm the products sold on the platform. If there are fake products on the platform, the platform operator will be fined or ordered to rectify according to the situation."

Boss Ma narrowed his eyes and his voice became gloomy. "Anything else?"

Lu Zhaoxi said hurriedly, "Yes, the third rule is that if the e-commerce platform secretly acquiesces or encourages the sale of fake products, we reserve the right to sue the platform."