Chapter 1678

Not only did Spielberg care about the Californian governor's election, but Leonardo and Tom Hanks, who were drinking and chatting with Li Mu, were also very concerned about it.

When Spielberg mentioned that the election results were about to be announced, the two hurriedly put down their glasses and said with a serious expression, "Arnold should have a high chance of being elected this time, right?"

Spielberg smiled, looked at Li Mu, and said confidently, "With Mr. Lee's secret help, I think Arnold's election is in the bag. We can drink here while waiting for the good news."

Leonardo suddenly understood and nodded. "Stephen, now that you mention it, I remember now. If that's the case, when we return to Hollywood tomorrow, we can attend Arnold's election success party!"

Tom Hanks exclaimed, "If Arnold is really elected, the person we should thank the most should be Mr. Lee!"

When Li Mu thought about Arnold Schwarzenegger's election for the Californian governor's election, a faint smile appeared on his face.

How should he put it? He suddenly understood what those mystifying charlatans and barefoot doctors relied on to make a living.

To put it bluntly, they were peddling psychological sustenance and making money from the probability.

For example, when the patriarchal mentality was at its strongest, there would always be people who would actively seek to buy folk prescriptions that could help them have sons. Many wandering doctors would promise that their medicine could guarantee the birth of a son, and they would even promise a refund if it was ineffective. Many people who desperately wanted a son would feel that it was worth a try. After all, even if it failed, they could still get their money back.

The role played by the wandering doctor was to peddle psychological sustenance. In fact, he did not have any actual influence on the outcome. He only threw out the bait and waited for the prey to take the bait. Then, he waited for the prey to take the bait and then waited for the prey to take the bait. If ten people bought his medicine and five of them gave birth to sons, then he would naturally earn the money of five people. As for the remaining five who gave birth to daughters, he could just return the money to them.

Although Li Mu wasn't such a complete liar, he knew in his heart that Arnold Schwarzenegger could be elected governor of California even without his help. However, if he was elected this time, he would most likely be very grateful to him and think that he had helped him a lot.

Perhaps the whole of Hollywood would think that Arnold Schwarzenegger could not have been elected governor of California without his support.

However, Li Mu naturally couldn't say it out loud. This kind of thing was an additional bonus for him as a reincarnated person. He just had to enjoy it as much as he could.

California was a treasure trove in the United States. It was known as the Golden State. The best of the best was good at almost everything in this state.

California's total output was the highest in the United States, and its per capita GDP was the highest in the United States. Not only did it have a gold mine like Silicon Valley, but it also had Hollywood in its territory. Not only was it filthy rich, but it also flourished in both culture and culture.

What was even more outrageous was that the area's agriculture was also extremely developed, and it was also ranked first in the United States.

If one were to look at Hua Xia, the cultural industry in this place was much stronger than the cultural industry in Yan Jing and Shanghai combined. Its manufacturing industry was much more developed than the top ranked Guangdong Province, and its agriculture was much higher than the top ranked Qilu Province.

Before Li Mu was reborn, California's GDP alone could rank sixth in the world.

Schwarzenegger's future as governor of such a state could be imagined.

Coupled with the unique political system of the United States, the states had great power, and even most of the legislative power of the laws was in the states, so there were infinite possibilities.

For example, if California passed a bill to promote the entry of foreign capital and the development of local high-tech industries, all foreign capital companies in Silicon Valley could get a 30% tax reduction. The amount of money that Makino Technology could save from this every year would be astronomical.

Hollywood stars and famous directors were very supportive of Schwarzenegger's campaign. In fact, this was the core reason. The United States itself was a country with relatively high taxes for the rich. Although it was much better than Europe, for the rich in the United States, there was no minimum tax in their eyes, only lower.

Therefore, Hollywood stars also hoped to be able to have more favorable policies. Arnold Schwarzenegger himself was a Hollywood star, and he was an A-list star. If he was elected governor, it was obvious that he would definitely do something practical for Hollywood.

Li Mu had now sent Makino Technology to Silicon Valley, and he was about to send Makino Image to Hollywood. In the future, when Schwarzenegger was elected, he would really have to deal with Schwarzenegger.

In his memory, Schwarzenegger had been governor for two terms in his previous life, a total of eight years. Having such a parent official who had been in office for eight years was also an excellent thing for Li Mu.

The party went on until 11: 30 in the evening.

At this time, every Hollywood actor and staff present was already a little anxious. Some of them used a PDA that could access the Internet to constantly refresh the official Titter of the California government, hoping to see the good news of Schwarzenegger being elected governor of California.

At 11: 45, Spielberg's assistant, holding a mobile phone with a Nokia sliding keyboard, looked at the screen excitedly and shouted, "The California state government has released Titter!

Schwarzenegger has successfully been elected governor of California! "

His voice made the audience burst into a carnival.

Even Spielberg, who had always been calm, couldn't hold back for a while. He took the initiative to raise his glass and shouted, "Everyone, let's drink to Governor Schwarzenegger!"

"Cheers!"

All the people from Hollywood were overflowing with excitement.

Although Li Mu was also very happy, because he had known this result for a long time, he was not very surprised.

Schwarzenegger had been a well-known Hollywood action star as early as the end of the last world. He was suddenly elected governor of the United States. Once this news was officially recognized by the California state government, it quickly exploded around the world, especially on Titter, which jumped to the top of the hot topic list.

In fact, in addition to the Americans who knew in advance that Schwarzenegger was going to run for governor, fans in other countries, including Hua Xia, were shocked by this news. Unexpectedly, a film and television star could run for governor.

Moreover, not only did he participate in the election, but what was even more unexpected was that this muscular actor had actually become the governor of California, which made everyone's hearts tremble.

Just as others were celebrating, Li Mu suddenly received a call from the United States.

He didn't know who was calling, so he went to a secluded place to answer the phone. He didn't expect to hear Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice.

On the phone, Schwarzenegger said gratefully, "Mr. Li, this is Schwarzenegger. I'm calling you to thank you for your help all the time. At the same time, I want to share good news with you. I have been successfully elected governor of California, and I will take office in a little more than a week!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Congratulations, Arnold. I knew you would be successful in the election. You didn't let me down."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly said, "I mainly want to thank you for your help. The resources you gave me on Titter on Weibo allowed me to obtain high public support in a very short time."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Arnold, you and I are old friends. You don't have to call me 'sir'. It's too distant. You can call me by my name directly, or call me Mr. Lee. Just don't call me 'sir' anymore."

"Okay!"

Schwarzenegger laughed and said, "Mr. Lee, I plan to hold a celebration party before I take office next week. All my good friends are invited. I wonder if you have time to come?"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Where?

Hollywood? "

"That's right.

Schwarzenegger hurriedly said, "I'm currently tentatively planning to be in Hollywood, but if you are busy, we can change to another time. I can even go to Hua Xia."

Li Mu said with a smile, "This is your election party. How can I let you come all the way to Hua Xia? That would be too insincere."

After saying that, Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "When you set the time for the party, I will definitely arrange a suitable time to go and support you."

When Schwarzenegger heard this, he suddenly became excited and blurted out, "Mr. Lee, is what you said true?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Of course it's true. Let's meet in Hollywood."

"That's great!"

Schwarzenegger hurriedly said, "I will definitely pick you up at the airport!"

Considering that Schwarzenegger would be governor for eight years in the future, Li Mu felt that it was necessary for him to go to the United States. On the one hand, he could further deepen his relationship with Schwarzenegger. On the other hand, he could also go and see the progress of Makino Technology's business.

If time allowed, he could also go to Harvard again to meet Su Yingxue and see how Mark Zuckerberg and the Facebook project were progressing.

In addition, Li Mu also wanted to go to Silicon Valley to see who was suitable to be the successor of Weibo's Titter in the near future.

For most people, long-distance flights were not easy. Fortunately, the brand new Gulfstream G550 that Chen Ze bought for Li Mu had been parked in the Air China hangar at the Capital Airport for a long time. It was in excellent condition and could fly at any time.

However, the specific time would have to wait for Schwarzenegger's reply.

Back at the party, Spielberg pulled Li Mu with a flushed face and asked him in a low voice, "Mr. Lee, I saw you go out in a hurry to answer the phone just now. May I ask if it was Arnold?"

Li Mu nodded and told Spielberg about Schwarzenegger inviting him to the election celebration party.

After hearing this, Spielberg hurriedly asked, "Mr. Lee, have you decided to go?"

Li Mu nodded slightly and said with a smile, "Such a big thing, of course I have to go and support him."

Spielberg hurriedly said, "That's great. I also live in Hollywood. You must come and visit me!"