Chapter 1769

Those who were good at opportunism were best at catering to others' tastes.

Just like the Great Hoodwinker played in Zhao Benshan's skit, he always had a sense of foresight and could see what others needed before they could.

For example, when he heard that someone had broken their leg while riding a four-wheeler, he would quickly make a pair of crutches. This was the part where the Great Hoodwinker's mission was so sneaky.

Lu Yunhao was also such a person.

He knew that the Southern English training institution was lacking teachers, so he wrote several job applications to the CEO of the training institution. Finally, he got the teaching position that he had always dreamed of.

He did not expect that he would become an instant hit with this teaching position.

In this world, some people were born with a mouth that could make a living.

Top singers, crosstalk artists, talk show actors, and even voice actresses were all given a living by their ancestors.

There was another kind of person who was also given a living by their ancestors. In Li Mu's eyes, this kind of person was just an armchair strategist.

If there was a ranking of the top three "armchair strategists" among the 1.3 billion people in Hua Xia, Lu Yunhao would definitely be one of them.

The other one would be the guy who thought logically.

As for the remaining spot, there were countless people competing for it. However, no one could shake the position of these two brothers.

Lu Yunhao's armchair strategist was very interesting. His entry point was to "break through," and his goal was to break through everything. As the old saying went, he would break through whatever others said. In any case, he would just sing a different tune and then use his fallacious reasoning to make others feel that he might be right.

And in this world, no matter what language it was, as long as someone sang a different tune from the masses, it would definitely be a sharp one.

Therefore, Lu Yunhao relied on this tactic to attract a lot of fans and supporters.

Coincidentally, one of IDG's executives in Hua Xia happened to be from Hua Xia. He was very familiar with Hua Xia's every move on the Internet, so he also knew of Lu Yunhao.

What was even more interesting was that this guy really admired Lu Yunhao.

Since ancient times, there had never been a lack of people who admired him.

Just like in Stephen Chow's movies, a single line could be summed up: "I don't know why, but I just think he's amazing."

This executive from IDG felt that Lu Yunhao was a very talented person. It would be a loss for such a person to be a teacher in a training institution.

What a loss.

What should such a person do?

Of course, it was to start a business!

Moreover, he had to start a business in the Internet industry.

To put it bluntly, the Internet relied 30% on creativity, 30% on ability, and 40% on being awesome.

Those who knew how to brag could get a large amount of angel investments with just their mouths.

He wouldn't brag. No matter how well he did, the investors would still think that this guy was a stupid dog. In time, he would definitely lose his pants.

He himself had such an appreciation for Lu Yunhao, and it could be said that they had been friends for a long time. When he suddenly saw Lu Yunhao's PowerPoint, he felt that this guy was not an ordinary person.

Brother Lu, you're awesome!

How do you know that Wall Street is going to compete with Li Mu on this model?

Just based on your foresight, if you don't succeed, who will?

Therefore, he immediately held a video conference with the headquarters' executives. During the conference, not only did he explain Lu Yunhao's PowerPoint, but he also praised him.

In his words, the only person in Hua Xia who could see through Wall Street's intentions was Lu Yunhao. This guy had a unique foresight!

Moreover, this guy was not an ordinary person. He was famous on the Internet and posted all kinds of trending words on Weibo and Twitter. He had millions of fans. Once this celebrity effect started, it would be greatly developed.

It just so happened that these big shots on Wall Street had been looking for a reliable agent to go to Shanghai to do the food delivery business. Lu Yunhao's sudden appearance was like someone handing a pillow to them when they were about to sleep.

The big shots on Wall Street also felt that this Lu Yunhao was a bit interesting. He had foresight, was famous, and was very sharp. They reckoned that he was also very capable. Since that was the case, they might as well invest in him and move this matter as soon as possible.

Think about it. Li Mu had just started up Hungry Man in Beijing, and everyone was praising him. Suddenly, another food delivery platform that Wall Street invested in announced its launch in Shanghai. How uncomfortable would this make Li Mu feel?

Therefore, the big shots on Wall Street immediately made a decision. They would first invest 20 million USD in Lu Yunhao, accounting for 40% of his shares, and let him immediately set off to Shanghai to set up the platform.

At the same time, the big shots on Wall Street asked for some technical backbones from the few Internet companies they invested in. They could not wait for Lu Yunhao to set up the technical team himself. They were ready to help him to the end, so they simply set up the technical team for him.

If they were to go against Li Mu, they must seize the opportunity. Otherwise, if they missed the opportunity, they might be pressed to the ground by him again.

…

Lu Yunhao was currently in a large classroom in Beijing's South English School.

This person was short and chubby. His Mandarin was ordinary, and he had a funny accent. He was very popular among the students.

However, these two days, Lu Yunhao was a bit distracted in class.

He kept wondering if the venture capital firms on Wall Street would give him a chance after receiving his business plan.

To be honest, he was already full of chalk dust on the podium.

A few years ago, he felt that this job was awesome. He could make a lot of money just by chatting with others.

But with the development of the Internet, he realized that his monthly income of 100,000 RMB was nothing in the Internet industry.

He also wanted to find an opportunity to leave this three-foot podium and head to Zhongguancun or the frontline of the reform in the South. He wanted to set up his own company and create his own career.

He felt that he was far better than ordinary people in all aspects. If he was asked to make an Internet product, with his extraordinary thinking, logical judgment, and ingenuity, he would be able to do anything.

Unfortunately, the start-up capital of the Internet industry was relatively high. He didn't want to take out his own money to play. He only wanted to trick others into giving him some money, so he never made up his mind to quit and start his own business.

However, he faintly felt that the conflict between Li Mu and Wall Street was an opportunity for him.

In the classroom, more than two hundred students felt particularly bored.

Teacher Lu Yunhao didn't know what was wrong with him, but he seemed to be absent-minded. After a while, he would fall into a state of deep contemplation. Therefore, he stuttered during his lecture, and he didn't have the aura that he used to have when he was eloquent and eloquent.

Just when everyone was about to fall asleep, Lu Yunhao's phone suddenly vibrated in his pocket.

Normally, he wouldn't dare to pick up the phone in class. Because the South English School had a clear code of conduct for teachers that forbade indirect calls during class.

However, he was afraid that it was one of the many capital companies he contacted. Therefore, he quickly took out his phone and quietly glanced at it.

An unknown number.

That's great.

What he didn't like to receive the most was a phone call with a name on it. It proved that the person calling was someone he knew.

And he didn't know any venture capitalists at all.

Therefore, he hurriedly said to the students in class, "Everyone, I'm sorry. I have something urgent to attend to. I need to take this call."

After he finished speaking, he strode forward and quickly walked out.

After he went out, Lu Yunhao couldn't wait to pick up the phone. He immediately asked, "Hello, who is this?"

"Hello, is this Mr. Lu Yunhao?"

"Yes, it's me. Who is this?" Lu Yunhao realized that his heart was beating a little faster.

The other party said, "Hello, Mr. Lu. Let me introduce myself. I'm Fang Ping, the vice president of IDG Capital in Greater China."

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao subconsciously cursed!

He finally replied!!!

Immediately, he realized that he was rude, so he hurriedly said, "I … I'm sorry, I'm not talking about you. I'm just a little surprised …"

The other party smiled and said, "Mr. Lu, when you sent us the business plan, did you not expect us to reply to you?"

Lu Yunhao hurriedly said, "Of course not. I expected someone to reply, but I didn't expect it to be so fast."

The other party said, "Mr. Lu, it's like this. We looked at your business plan. To be honest, we're quite interested in it. Therefore, we wanted to ask if you're interested in coming to Shanghai and we can talk face to face?"

"Shanghai?

It's a little far, but no problem. Tell me, when? "

Lu Yunhao's voice was trembling.

The other party said, "Naturally, the sooner the better."

Lu Yunhao said excitedly, "Then … then I'll check the plane tickets and see what time I can reach Shanghai."

The other party smiled and said, "That's great. Tell me the flight number after you book the plane tickets. I'll arrange for the driver and assistant to pick you up at the airport."

Lu Yunhao said excitedly, "Okay, okay, I'll go now!"

After hanging up the phone, Lu Yunhao was so excited that he could only think about investing in his business. In his ecstasy, he immediately walked out, left the school, and drove his Passat to the airport.

He had made up his mind to go directly to the airport to buy the earliest plane he could buy and arrive at Shanghai as soon as possible.

This was a huge opportunity for him. If he succeeded, he could go to a higher level.

Oh, no, at least three levels!

When Lu Yunhao rushed to the airport, his classmates were dumbfounded.

After waiting for a while, Teacher Lu did not answer the phone. Therefore, some students hurriedly went out to look for him, but found that Teacher Lu was nowhere to be found.

Everyone was a little annoyed.

After all, it was a private training institution. The college that paid for the enrollment was God. Who could stand the teacher standing them up so casually?

Therefore, several student representatives immediately went to the Academic Affairs Office and reported directly to the person in charge of the school.

The person in charge called himself the principal to the students and the general manager to others. When he heard that Lu Yunhao ran away during class, he immediately called him to ask about the situation.

Lu Yunhao was driving at this time. Before he could speak, the other party asked, "Teacher Lu, where did you go during class?"

Lu Yunhao said, "I have something to do. I have to leave Yanjing for a day or two."

"Leave Yanjing?" The principal said angrily, "You should at least tell me!

Even if you don't tell me, you should at least tell the students! "

Lu Yunhao said impatiently, "Aiya, if you have something to say, wait for me to come back, okay?

I'm still driving, I'll hang up first! "