Chapter 744

While Li Mu and Wei Lan were strolling by the lake, Boss Ma arrived at his company in Hangzhou, which was less than two hundred kilometers away from Shanghai. Once he entered the door, he said to the administrative lady expressionlessly, "Ask all the managers to come to the conference room for a meeting in ten minutes."

Taobao's news had been everywhere since the newspapers were delivered at five o 'clock in the morning. By six o' clock in the morning, when all the major TV stations broadcast the news, Taobao's news had bombarded every corner of society in 3D.

Even Boss Ma didn't realize that Taobao's Brand Day sales would have such a huge impact on society.

Since he woke up this morning, he had been troubled by all kinds of media reports. It seemed that all the media people were revolving around Taobao's online legend, which made Boss Ma quite angry.

First of all, Li Mu's Taobao's Brand Day with all kinds of promotions and promotions made Boss Ma feel extremely pressured. Now that Le Tao was about to be launched, but its competitors were making such a big move. In comparison, they had occupied a lot of consumers' attention. Under such circumstances, when Le Tao was launched, the promotional resources bought with money would definitely be greatly reduced in front of Taobao's overwhelming publicity.

Thinking of this, Boss Ma thought to himself, "Are the media idiots?

They saw 2.683 billion in sales in a day. Why didn't they realize that this was the result of Taobao gathering all kinds of resources and pushing hard for a month?

After more than a month of hard work, it was only a day of harvest. It wasn't like it could sell billions every day. Was there a need to be so excited? "

In fact, Boss Ma wasn't able to look at the problem from Wei Lan's perspective. His mind was focused on the development of e-commerce itself, or rather, on the initial stage of Internet business model exploration. Although he was great in his previous life, his current understanding and control of the country's economic situation was a level lower than Wei Lan's.

Boss Ma didn't realize the significance of Taobao's promotion to the country's economic situation. Therefore, he instinctively thought that all of this was part of Li Mu's plan. Li Mu's public relations team should have already invested a lot of money to establish close ties with the major media. That was why they immediately gathered together to report on Taobao's Brand Day.

When the core team members arrived at the conference room, Boss Ma said with a rather annoyed expression, "Our Le Tao will be launched in a few days, but Li Mu has incited so many media people to report on Taobao's Brand Day. If we don't reverse the situation as soon as possible, we will have to postpone the launch date."

Then, Boss Ma blurted out, "It's been nine hours since Taobao's Brand Day ended. How's their logistics situation now?"

Cai Chongxin said, "This morning at six o 'clock, I specifically looked into it. I have a few things to report."

"First, so far, there hasn't been any news of the post offices in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, or other areas being flooded."

When Boss Ma heard this, he frowned. "Our own express delivery service has been suspended?"

Cai Chongxin nodded. "Our express delivery service has been suspended since the night before yesterday. I have been supervising this work."

Boss Ma's frown deepened. He urged, "Go on first."

Cai Chongxin nodded. "Secondly, there's news that EMS has basically suspended all scattered services. Although the business hall is still accepting parcels, there are no more cars to transport them. Now, all of them are piled up in the business hall's warehouse. It seems that EMS is also adjusting its internal capacity, and most of the transport capacity is given to Taobao."

As he said this, Cai Chongxin paused for a moment and said, "Take Hangzhou for example. The postal business hall in the lower city received thousands of express parcels yesterday, but until now, they are still piled up in their warehouse. But the postal light cargo trucks come back and forth several times a day. It is said that they only deliver and not transport. When the trucks arrive, they directly unload them and leave. Sometimes, the drivers don't even turn off the engine. In addition, I also learned that EMS not only stopped the transport of scattered services, but also stopped the delivery. Take our front desk for example. Usually, we receive at least a dozen EMS express mails every day, all of which are official business. But yesterday, the front desk didn't see any EMS delivery people come over. But the company next door received EMS express mails. I asked Xiao Ting at the front desk to find out, and they all received express deliveries from Brand Day."

At this time, Boss Ma's expression was obviously angry. He said angrily, "Li Mu is quite capable. He temporarily turned the entire EMS into his own express delivery service!" As he said this, Boss Ma suddenly raised his head and asked, "Does EMS have such a strong processing capacity?

Especially in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Guangzhou, there are tens of millions of orders!

How do they operate?

EMS is an old rusty machine. No matter how capable Li Mu is, he can't make them operate at full speed, can he? "

Cai Chongxin's expression was slightly awkward. He said, "This is the third point I want to talk about. This time, Taobao only cooperated with EMS. None of the express delivery companies we acquired received any express deliveries from Brand Day. Moreover, they didn't even use SF Express, which has a strong transport capacity in Guangdong Province. It was completely Taobao and EMS that cooperated."

Boss Ma's eyebrows were already twisted into a ball. "How is that possible?

Even if the entire EMS serves him, tens of millions of orders are congested in major cities. How do they operate? "

Cai Chongxin coughed and said, "I'm not very clear about this. I consulted a leader of Hangzhou's postal service. What he said was that they are only responsible for receiving and delivering the goods in place. It's not EMS that delivers the goods themselves."

Boss Ma was even more surprised. "It's not from EMS?"

"Yes."

Cai Chongxin nodded. "It's said that two large container trucks go back and forth between Shanghai and Hangzhou every four hours. They deliver express deliveries from the whole province to the distribution center in Hangzhou 24 hours a day. The Hangzhou distribution center only leaves the ones in Hangzhou, and the ones in other cities are all sent away overnight."

Boss Ma's heart skipped a beat, and he blurted out, "Li Mu must be personally clearing the congested orders from several bases. He knows that if he still does what he did with Mango-ME and hands over all the express deliveries in a large area to the local EMS, then the local EMS will definitely be congested. At that time, all the provinces and cities below the area will be waiting for the express deliveries, but the EMS at the Taobao storage base won't be able to handle it. This will create an awkward situation where the river upstream is blocked and the downstream is dry. So this time, he changed his way of playing. He personally sent the orders to the downstream provinces and asked them to fully cooperate …"

Cai Chongxin nodded and said, "That should be the case."

Boss Ma said with a livid face, "This person's methods are simply hooliganism!

If that's the case, then he might as well acquire EMS!

Isn't this considered encroaching on society's resources? "

The others nodded one after another. "It must be encroaching on society's resources. In order to cooperate with them, EMS has stopped all other scattered services. I wonder how many people's express deliveries will be affected."

At this time, one of them said, "Boss Ma, why don't our media articles change their way of thinking and attack Taobao's shameless practice of encroaching on society's resources for their own personal gain!"

Lu Zhaoxi hurriedly said, "No!

Our previous strategy was to use all kinds of soft words to imply that Taobao's time limit is not guaranteed. This is not an obvious target. If we directly criticize Taobao, and if Li Mu counterattacks with YY, we won't be a match for him at all. Don't forget, we deliberately let many of our express delivery companies stop receiving deliveries at this critical moment. This itself is very easy for others to use against us. When others ask us what our intentions are, no matter how we answer, we will only be burying our ears while stealing the bell. "

Boss Ma's face was full of anger, but he also felt that what Lu Zhaoxi said made sense. He nodded and said, "It's meaningless to attack the cooperation between Taobao and EMS. Right now, Taobao has seized the limelight of public opinion. Our best way is to stay put."

As he said that, Boss Ma clenched his fist with one hand and slammed it on the table. He said angrily, "Li Mu dodged it again!

I never expected him to play such a trick with EMS. I always thought that he would continue his routine of doing Mango-ME to kill people in seconds. I didn't expect him to level up again! "

Lu Zhaoxi said, "Boss Ma, I think the timeliness of their Brand Day this time should be sufficient. Previously, we wanted to take advantage of the fact that their timeliness was being criticized and use their own logistics as a gimmick to go online. This plan has to be changed. My suggestion is to temporarily postpone going online and wait for the Taobao storm to pass."

Boss Ma nodded and said unwillingly, "That's the only way right now. We have to hurry up and find a new way to break through. When their limelight has passed, we will go online and push hard."

At this time, Boss Ma was quite unhappy with Li Mu. Li Mu had undoubtedly become his biggest enemy.

Although the two had never met before, Li Mu had hit his confidence again and again, making him unable to accept it.

In the beginning, when Boss Ma wanted to meet with Li Mu, Li Mu kept rejecting him. Then, Boss Ma decided to fight with Li Mu on the Internet, speed up financing, and then acquire the express company, preparing to break Taobao's legs. However, Li Mu's "six major warehouse bases to deliver goods" completely ruined his plan. Then, he planned for the Brand Day, preparing to let the EMS warehouses of the six major warehouses be full on Brand Day. However, he didn't expect Li Mu to directly break it up and turn every provincial capital and municipality into a "warehouse base", greatly sharing the transportation demand, and there was no real sense of congestion at all.

Every time he thought of his continuous failures in the hands of Li Mu, Boss Ma's mood was particularly irritated. Originally, the problem of logistics and transportation was the best opportunity for him to take advantage of Taobao, but this opportunity had completely disappeared. As a result, the fate of Le Tao, who had not yet gone online, was even more confusing.

…

All kinds of reports were still spreading, especially on CCTV. The main content of all the news programs today was the big news of Taobao reaching 2.683 billion in daily sales. When it was almost noon, the efficient TV stations had already invited financial experts to analyze what kind of enlightenment and promotion effect Taobao's Brand Day would have on the domestic economy.

While walking with Wei Lan, Li Mu's mind was repeatedly thinking about the interview with CCTV. He was also constantly sorting out his own demands and the message he wanted to convey to the whole society through this interview.

Just as he was sorting out the problem of how to promote the development of domestic private computers, Li Mu suddenly had an extremely bold idea. Then, he immediately took out his phone and called Liu Yidong.

"Senior, how many units of Shenzhou computers were sold on this Brand Day?"

Liu Yidong thought about it and said, "About three thousand units."

"So little?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Didn't you promote it to them?

Or did you give them too few resources? "

Liu Yidong said, "I really didn't want to promote it to them because their goods are too big, too heavy, and highly susceptible to water. It is one of the most troublesome items in the logistics chain. It takes up too much of our storage, manpower, and transportation. So, I told them from the start that we are not responsible for their computers and that they will deliver them themselves. Under such circumstances, I can't promote it to them. If I promote it too much, what if there are tens of thousands of orders that they can't handle? The consumers will still blame us then."

Li Mu nodded and said, "How about this, help me make an appointment with the boss of Shenzhou. Tell him that I have a very important strategic intention to discuss with him face to face. Ask him to come to Yanjing to see me as soon as possible."

"As soon as possible?" Liu Yidong asked, "How soon is as soon as possible? When are you coming back?

Central TV is still waiting for you to arrange an interview time with them. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I will be there in the afternoon. The charter flight is at two o 'clock and will land at around four o' clock. Push back the Central TV interview and tell them that we need to do a summary of our brand's work in the next two days. It is very important. So, we might not have time to accept their interview in these two days.

It would be best to arrange an interview the day after tomorrow. "Liu Yidong said," Today is the hot news. I'm afraid it will be less popular the day after tomorrow, right? "

"I'm not afraid. Even if it is a week later, as long as I accept the interview as the founder of Makino Technology and Taobao, it will become the hot news in the whole country."

Li Mu was full of confidence and said, "In comparison, meeting the boss of Shenzhou is a much higher priority than accepting the interview. Because it will be too late to look for him after the interview. He will be the only one who can take advantage of it!"

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "That's true. If the whole country knows that the founder of 3321 is involved in so many internet companies, I'm afraid that even celebrities will not be as popular as you."

As he said that, Liu Yidong said, "Then I will think of a way to contact them and see when they can arrive if they are interested. I think Shenzhou is in Shenzhen, right?"

"That's right."

Li Mu said, "It will only take them an hour longer to fly from Shenzhen to Yanjing than me. If they are interested and set off now, they will definitely reach Yanjing before me!"