Chapter 196

"Ziqiu heard that we were going to help students, so she wanted to join us. But she was afraid that Li Mu wouldn't let her go, so she asked for the flight number and bought a ticket herself."

"Damn it!" Sun Jian exclaimed after hearing this, "Isn't it obvious that she is here for Li Mu?"

"Nonsense, do you think she is here for you?

Didn't you see that she sat next to Li Mu as soon as she boarded the plane? "

"When you guys went to the Yan Assembly to look for your girlfriend yesterday, you discussed it with Zhao Ziqiu, right?"

"Yes, we discussed it yesterday, and she booked the plane ticket yesterday."

Sun Jian sighed from the bottom of his heart. "Sigh, Li Mu must have cultivated his good fortune for several lifetimes … A woman like Zhao Ziqiu, besides him, which man wouldn't fight to the death for her?"

"Hey, think about Su Yingxue. She is not worse than Zhao Ziqiu at all. The key is that she and Li Mu are childhood sweethearts. As far as I know, all childhood sweethearts have very serious first love feelings, so I guess that Li Mu is now suffering from the choice syndrome!"

Sun Jian said, "If I had to choose, I would definitely choose Zhao Ziqiu."

Li Yawei nodded with an understanding look and said, "I know, Zhao Ziqiu has a good figure, mainly because of her big breasts. Who doesn't like them?"

As soon as Li Mu got on the plane, he closed his eyes and rested. He didn't even know that there was someone else beside him. There were few delays in the morning. After the passengers boarded, the plane was launched on time. It sprinted and took off on the runway. Nearly half an hour after the departure, the plane was already cruising at a height of nearly 10,000 meters. The flight attendants pushed out the dining car and distributed breakfast bags and drinks to everyone.

When it was sent to Zhao Ziqiu, she opened the small table for Li Mu and helped him take a meal bag. The flight attendant asked her again, "Madam, what would you like to drink?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Purified water."

Then, the flight attendant pointed to Li Mu, who was sleeping soundly, and asked her carefully, "What about this gentleman?"

Zhao Ziqiu hesitated for a moment, and a mischievous smile flashed across her face. She said, "I'll ask him."

Li Mu, who was sleeping soundly, didn't dream. But when he was sleeping soundly, he suddenly felt his right arm being gently pushed by someone. A woman beside him asked, "Li Mu, do you want to drink anything?"

Li Mu opened his eyes in a trance, and the blurred figure in front of him gradually became clear. When he saw that it was Zhao Ziqiu, he was still in a daze. He just said subconsciously, "I don't want to drink anything."

The flight attendant got the answer she wanted. She ignored Li Mu and walked to the back row. At this time, Li Mu suddenly woke up. He stared at Zhao Ziqiu with his eyes wide open and asked, "Why are you here?"

Zhao Ziqiu was a little proud but also a little nervous. She said, "I heard that you are going to the mountainous area to help students, so I want to follow you. After all, it is such a meaningful thing …"

"Nonsense." Li Mu blurted out, "You also know that it is going to the mountainous area. The conditions there are very difficult."

"I know."

Seeing that Li Mu looked a little serious, Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "I'm mentally prepared. Don't worry. I can bear hardships."

Li Mu sighed. "It's not a matter of whether you are prepared or not …"

He wanted to say a few more words, but Li Mu instinctively closed his mouth again.

He stared at Zhao Ziqiu carefully, and there was a little grievance in his flickering eyes.

After calming down and thinking about it, he found that she did this for him to a large extent.

In this case, it was really inappropriate for him to blame her again. Besides, they were on the plane now. Even if he didn't want her to go, he couldn't drive her off.

Therefore, Li Mu's eyes and tone softened at the same time. He sighed softly and said, "Well, fortunately, we are only going to stay there for one night. When we get there, I will try to find a good hotel for you."

Zhao Ziqiu was suddenly moved and happy. Her anxiety just now also disappeared with Li Mu's softening attitude. She gently tilted her head and leaned on Li Mu's shoulder. Then she sat up straight again and said with a little shyness, "You are the best."

Li Mu couldn't help looking at her with a little doting eyes and asked with a little distress, "You got up so early. You didn't sleep well last night, did you?"

Li Mu's subconscious doting made Zhao Ziqiu's heart surge with joy. She smiled shyly and nodded. "I slept for four hours."

Li Mu glanced at the lunch bag in front of him and said, "Eat something before you sleep."

"Okay …"

For a girl like Zhao Ziqiu, it was not easy for her to meet a boy she liked, so she would not deliberately be reserved like other girls. From the first time she met Li Mu, she had a good impression of him. After a few times of contact, she felt that she had fallen in love with him. Therefore, in the future contact with Li Mu, she was basically the one who took the initiative, including the two times she took the initiative to go to Li Mu's rented house outside the school, and this time she took the initiative to buy a plane ticket behind his back to accompany him to the poor county in the mountainous area for a scholarship.

At the moment, the happiest thing was that Li Mu didn't get angry because of her momentary impulse. Instead, she saw a little doting in his eyes. Looking at his helpless and softhearted look, Zhao Ziqiu felt extremely happy.

Sometimes, the process of pursuing a relationship was more fascinating than the result. This was the case at this moment.

Li Mu mentally accepted Zhao Ziqiu's sudden appearance in the sky. When he recalled it in his mind, he actually felt that there was a faint sense of romance in it. However, he thought that it was Zhao Ziqiu's initiative, so as a man, it would make Li Mu feel strange. If it was him who surprised her like this, it should be proper romance, right?

If he really did this, his flirting skills would basically get 99 points. He deducted one point to avoid being arrogant.

But on second thought, it wasn't quite right to think this way. Wasn't this equivalent to saying that Zhao Ziqiu's flirting skills were very strong?

In his heart, he was extremely sure that she would definitely only treat him like this …

The plane flew steadily. Zhao Ziqiu, who was beside Li Mu, had already gradually fallen asleep. Her head swayed left and right along with the slight swaying of the plane. Finally, she leaned on Li Mu's shoulder. Li Mu narrowed his eyes and sniffed the faint fragrance on Zhao Ziqiu's body. His mind was randomly thinking about her and Su Yingxue, who was still in Yan Jing, and he gradually fell into a dream again.

Dong Ai, who had been sleeping since boarding the plane, woke up and went to the bathroom. When she came back, she inadvertently looked at Li Mu and was surprised to find that Li Yawei, who was beside Li Mu, had been replaced by a beautiful woman. Moreover, that woman was using his shoulder as a pillow, and her slender hands were even gently grabbing his arm. The posture was quite ambiguous, no different from a couple.

Dong Ai was surprised and looked at Li Yawei again. She quickly walked to Li Yawei's seat and asked him in a low voice, "Weren't you sitting next to Li Mu when we boarded the plane?

Who is the girl sitting next to Li Mu now? "

Li Yawei stretched and said with a laugh, "She's Li Mu's fan."

Dong Ai curled her lips and said, "Don't talk nonsense with me. Be careful, or I'll teach you a lesson when we get back to school!"

Li Yawei was now the "district manager" under Dong Ai. Originally, like most of the students in school, she had some respect for Dong Ai. Moreover, she had been urged by Dong Ai to do things several times. At that time, she had already been subdued by Dong Ai's strong personality. Now that she saw Dong Ai's serious face, she stopped joking and said, "That girl is my wife's dorm mate. When the semester started, our dorm mates had a get-together. She liked Li Mu a little. After she heard about what happened this time, she bought a ticket and came with us."

Dong Ai was stunned.

From what she had seen just now, the girl next to Li Mu was definitely a top-notch beauty. She also knew that Li Yawei's girlfriend was a student at Peking University. Since this girl was her dorm mate, she must also be a student at Peking University. Such a beautiful girl from Peking University, how many guys would dream of such a beautiful girl?

Why would she chase after this brat Li Mu?

This brat Li Mu was only average handsome. It was his temperament that women liked. In terms of appearance, he was far worse than that sissy Wu Shuai.

However, after thinking about it, Dong Ai felt relieved. This brat Li Mu didn't rely on his appearance to win. He relied on his evilness. Her best friend, Chen Wan, was also infatuated with him. Chen Wan's appearance wasn't any worse than Zhao Ziqiu's. Moreover, Chen Wan was a fair, rich, and beautiful woman!

Ai, this brat's luck with women was so good that even as a woman, she couldn't help but be jealous.

…

The plane landed on time at the provincial airport. When they got off the plane, Li Mu noticed that Zhao Ziqiu was carrying a huge backpack. The inside was bulging. He helped her carry the backpack and carried his own backpack on one shoulder. Zhao Ziqiu followed closely beside Li Mu. Several times, she wanted to reach out and grab his arm, but she hesitated and gave up.

The nine of them, along with the ten reporters, got into the Toyota Coaster that they had booked in advance. The driver drove straight to Liu Nian's hometown without delay.

The accompanying reporters were also a little tired. After getting in the car, they all took a nap. Chen Lei found an opportunity to sit across the aisle from Li Mu. She asked him in a low voice, "Li Mu, can I ask you a few questions in private?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Sure, go ahead."

Chen Lei asked, "Did you inform the local government about your donation this time?"

"No."

Chen Lei was a little surprised. She asked again, "Then you guys decided to donate to Liu Nian's high school on a whim?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "Actually, we already had the plan to donate to the high school, but changing our strategy to specifically donate to the high school students is indeed a new direction that we have just decided on."

Chen Lei looked around and realized that no one was paying attention to their conversation. She said in a low voice, "You might not have done this type of donation before. Under normal circumstances, if you don't inform the local government beforehand, it won't be easy in the future."

It was indeed Li Mu's first time personally donating to charity. But in his previous life, he had participated in a few charity events and contributed what little he could. Often, there would be non-governmental organizations spontaneously preparing funds, supplies, stationery, clothes, and other charity items to help impoverished areas and schools. Everyone would go there directly, and no one would take the unnecessary step of informing the local government.