Chapter 665

Zhou Sheng increasingly felt that Li Mu and Chen Wan should be lovers.

Because as a director, from his point of view, Chen Wan performed exceptionally perfectly in this episode.

Not only him, but also the cameraman who was in charge of Chen Wan's seat said to Zhou Sheng in private during the break, "Chen Wan performed so well today. Not only her speech and behavior, but also her expression and eyes are impeccable. I've captured a lot of great close-ups. You were the one in charge of the production."

Zhou Sheng agreed. Who wouldn't agree? Today's episode was not only Chen Wan's best performance in Happy Base Camp, but it was also the most perfect female host's performance since the establishment of Happy Base Camp.

Although the protagonist of this episode was Mo Wenwei, in Zhou Sheng's mind, Chen Wan was the well-deserved only female lead. Her perfect performance made everyone on the stage become her supporting role, including He Jiu, who was slightly more famous than her at the moment.

Zhou Sheng understood that the reason why Chen Wan could perform so well today must be that Li Mu was on the scene today.

Li Mu, who was in the audience, also felt that Chen Wan performed very well today. Compared with the previous episodes he watched in front of the TV, this episode was simply a qualitative leap.

Chen Wan's extraordinary performance also led the rhythm of the other hosts on the stage, making them burst out in a better state than before. The whole shooting efficiency was much faster than before.

From 9: 30 to 12: 30, the whole segment of the program had been completed by three-quarters. The director on the stage, after the host finished the game with Mo Wenwei, personally called a stop and thanked everyone for their efforts. Then they entered the one-and-a-half-hour lunch break.

The staff, who had been prepared, began to carry large boxes of bento boxes into the hall from various passageways and distribute them to each audience one by one. As soon as Li Mu received his own bento box, he received a text message from Chen Wan, who had just gotten off the stage. "Come backstage and have lunch with me."

Li Mu put down the lunch box and replied, "Okay."

Chen Wan said again, "I'll ask my assistant to pick you up."

A moment later, a young girl in her early twenties came to Li Mu and whispered, "Mr. Li, please come with me."

Li Mu nodded and stood up to go backstage with her. The backstage was not busy at this time. Most of the staff who had withdrawn were eating in their respective rooms. Chen Wan, He Jiu, and the other hosts had their own independent rooms. Guests like Mo Wenwei also received the same treatment. A customized lunch was directly sent to their room. Naturally, the treatment was much better than that of the audience.

Since most people were eating, Li Mu entered backstage and then went to Chen Wan's room. He did not see any acquaintances along the way. The young girl brought Li Mu to Chen Wan's room and then turned to leave. Chen Wan was resting on the sofa. When she saw Li Mu come in, she hurriedly patted the seat beside her and said, "Come and eat. The lunch today is not bad. There's spicy chicken."

Li Mu sat down beside her. Chen Wan handed the rice and chopsticks to Li Mu. Then, like a little girl who had performed exceedingly well in a test, she asked him with a bit of pride, "Did I do well today?"

Li Mu exclaimed in admiration, "That's great, it's better than any of the previous episodes."

Chen Wan smiled happily and said, "I did well because I knew you were offstage, so I tried my best to perform better."

Li Mu asked her, "In that case, today's episode should end early, right?"

Chen Wan nodded: "There is still an interview session and a singing session. If everything goes well, it will probably end in an hour."

Just as they were talking, there were a few knocks on the door. Before Chen Wan could speak, the door was pushed open a narrow crack. Mo Wenwei's head came in and said with a little mischievousness, "Xiaowan, I want …"

Before she finished speaking, she looked up and saw Li Mu sitting next to Chen Wan. She asked in surprise, "Li Zong, you are here too. I'm sorry. I won't disturb your meal …"

Although the two came by plane together, Mo Wenwei only knew that Li Mu came to talk about cooperation with the senior management of Xiangnan Satellite TV, so she didn't expect him to appear in Chen Wan's room. Moreover, the two were sitting side by side on a small sofa eating. They seemed to be very intimate, which made it rude for her to push the door in without permission.

Seeing that Mo Wenwei was about to close the door and leave with an embarrassed face, Li Mu hurriedly said with a smile, "Don't go, Miss Mo. If you have something to say, don't worry about me. I'm just here to visit you and have a meal."

Chen Wan also said with a smile, "Yes, Karen, come in. What can I do for you?"

Mo Wenwei bit her lower lip and came in through a gap in the door. Then she closed the door and said to Chen Wan, "Just now, my agent asked me to change the script. It's about the questions you will ask me on stage later."

Chen Wan hurriedly put down her chopsticks, picked up the script from the side, and pulled out the pen from it. She said, "Tell me, how do you want to change it?"

Mo Wenwei smiled shyly and said, "It's the part about the relationship."

Chen Wan glanced at it and said, "In our original script, I asked you if you are dating now. Your answer was that you already have a sweetheart. Do you want to change this paragraph?"

Mo Wenwei nodded. "Yes, my agent asked me to change the answer to 'I am currently single'."

Mo Wenwei and Feng Delun's secret relationship had lasted for two or three years, but they hadn't made it public yet. However, it was no secret to the Hong Kong media. Almost everyone knew about it, but the mainland media didn't have any information about it. No one had reported about her relationship with Feng Delun. Out of consideration for Mo Wenwei's potential in the mainland, Mo Wenwei's agent still hoped that she could make it clear to the mainland audience that she was single. Mo Wenwei didn't want to agree at first, because she was afraid of hurting Feng Delun, who had strong self-esteem. However, she couldn't resist the persuasion of her agent. She felt that it would be more beneficial for her to announce that she was single.

The two of them immediately redesigned the script. Chen Wan said, "Then when I ask you this question, you will directly answer that I'm currently single. Then, according to common sense, I will have to ask you what kind of partner you like. How are you going to answer this question?"

Mo Wenwei knew that these lines had to be designed in advance, so she didn't hide anything. She said with a smile, "I will say that I like a talented partner who can make me admire him all the time."

Hearing this, Chen Wan had an idea. She smiled and said, "Then I will answer with a surprised expression. I will say that I also like a talented man."

Speaking of this, Chen Wan glanced at Li Mu. When their eyes met, she could see the warmth in Li Mu's eyes.

…

After recording the show, when Chen Wan drove Mo Wenwei out of the studio, Li Mu was still recalling the scene he saw in the audience. Chen Wan and Mo Wenwei talked about their fantasies about their partners on the stage. In the beginning, they were still acting out the script. Unexpectedly, when Mo Wenwei thought of her boyfriend who was four years younger than her, she got emotional and "confessed" on the stage. She said that she didn't care about the age gap between her and her partner. As long as the other party treated her well, even if others didn't think highly of him, even if she had to give up everything else, she would be willing to go all the way with him. This kind of implicit confession was so deep that Mo Wenwei's eyes turned red. However, no one expected that Chen Wan, who was beside her, would be very touched after hearing it. Two lines of tears gushed out of her clear eyes without warning.

At that time, Chen Wan didn't even know that she was crying on the stage. It was He Wan who teased her, saying that Mo Wenwei's faith in love had moved Chen Wan to tears. Only then did Chen Wan realize her situation. She hurriedly wiped away her tears and responded to He Wan's words.

Everyone naturally thought that Chen Wan shed tears because she was moved by Mo Wenwei, but Li Mu felt that Chen Wan must have thought of him at that moment. Although he was moved, he was more afraid and guilty. In order to save Chen Wan's life, he took the initiative to have troubles with her after his rebirth. Perhaps he really changed her fate in her previous life, but if he hurt her feelings imperceptibly, it would be difficult for him to forgive himself.

How could he make such an impeccable good woman love him so deeply, and how could he do it to live up to her feelings for him? This may take a long time for him to figure out.

Because Chen Wan's recording time was much shorter than originally planned, Li Mu took her to the dinner appointment with the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV that night. Everyone in Xiangnan Satellite TV knew that Makino Technology was behind Chen Wan to support her and provide all kinds of support for her, so Li Mu was not prepared to hide it in front of the senior management of Xiangnan Satellite TV. Chen Wan was his only choice for the host of the Super Girl program. This talent show, on the market level, was jointly created by himself for Makino Image and Xiangnan Satellite TV, but on the public level, Chen Wan was the leader of this talent show.

This time, the people who met with Li Mu were the executive deputy director of Xiangnan Satellite TV and two production directors. Among them, Xu Song, the executive deputy director, is now in charge of the specific work of Xiangnan Satellite TV. The head of the station no longer asks about the specific program production, and the other two production directors are also the most powerful producers of Xiangnan Satellite TV. Each of them is able to take charge of one or even more programs on their own.

As soon as they met in the restaurant box, Xu Song first warmly shook hands with Li Mu and said hello. With Chen Wan there, he didn't have to introduce himself.

As for the other two production directors, one of them is Zhu Wei, who is in charge of the news, interviews and outdoor programs of many stations under Xiangnan Satellite TV. The other is Liu Qian, who is in charge of several variety shows, including Happy Camp.

After introducing each other, Li Mu went straight to the point at the dinner table.

He took out the plan he had printed long ago, handed it to the three people and said, "You three, this is the large-scale national female singing talent show planned by Makino Impression – Super Girl!"