Chapter 1504

At ten o 'clock in the morning, the signing ceremony officially began.

This was the largest public business event held by Makino Technology since its establishment. There were a lot of media reporters on the scene, and it was the largest among the major press conferences of domestic companies.

The stage was set up in a grand manner. In the center of the spacious stage, there were three tables and three chairs. Each table had a name tag. Li Mu was in the middle, Robin was on his left, and Larry Page was on his right.

When the time was up, the host walked onto the stage alone, and the noisy scene quickly quieted down.

At this time, the host said in a very solemn voice, "Ladies and gentlemen, all the entrepreneurs and friends from the media present, thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to attend the signing ceremony of the merger between Muye & Baidu and Google. I am the host of today's signing ceremony, Bai Song."

After the host finished speaking, he bowed 90 degrees to all the guests below the stage.

Due to the large number of overseas media and guests, Muye Technology had specially hired a top simultaneous interpreter to translate Chinese into English and English into Chinese in real time according to the language used by the host and speaker on the scene.

After the interpreter finished the English translation, the host continued, "As for the theme of today's ceremony, everyone should already know that Google has decided to wholly acquire Muye & Baidu, a joint venture between Makino Technology and Baidu, at the price of 33.3% of its own shares."

After a pause, the host continued after the translation, "Today's merger has created many records. It is the largest merger since the establishment of Google, and it is also the largest merger since the establishment of Makino Technology and Baidu. In addition, Muye & Baidu is also recognized as the company with the fastest market value growth in the world. It took only one month to acquire it with an investment of 10 million US dollars, which is equivalent to at least 3 billion US dollars …"

When he said that, the domestic media and guests couldn't help but laugh. Li Mu had indeed created a record. It was the fastest and most hateful record in the world to get something for nothing. For Li Mu, this record was certainly something to be proud of. But for Larry Page, he didn't know what kind of mood he was in at the moment.

Soon, when the interpreter translated this sentence into English, the overseas media and guests also laughed and applauded. The reason why Li Mu was sought after by global entrepreneurs was not only because he could quickly establish a huge Internet empire, but more importantly, because of his various amazing operations in Makino Technology. Among them, the acquisition and privatization of Apple and the sale of Muye & Baidu to Google were the most praised.

When the applause subsided, the host said, "Ladies and gentlemen, here, I would like to introduce the three protagonists of today's signing ceremony. They are Mr. Larry Page, the founder and CEO of Google; Mr. Robin, the founder and CEO of Baidu; and Mr. Li Mu, the founder and CEO of Makino Technology."

Every time the host announced a name, there would be warm applause from the audience.

After the introduction of the three people, the host said, "Next, let's welcome Mr. Larry Page to the stage!"

The applause sounded again. Larry Page, who was wearing black trousers and a white shirt, quickly walked to the stage from one side of the stage. As soon as he appeared, the western media and guests all stood up and applauded. In their eyes, Larry Page was also a legend who changed the world. It was just that in front of a god like Li Mu, his halo was a little dim.

After Larry Page went on the stage, the host handed the stage to him. Larry Page walked to the center of the stage, holding a Mackenzie and said with a smile, "To be honest, after so many years of starting a business, this is the first time I have personally participated in such a big event. It makes me a little nervous."

The audience burst into laughter. Larry Page continued, "It is a great honor to come to Hua Xia and come to Yan Jing this time. It is also a great honor to represent Google here to reach a significant strategic cooperation with these two great companies, Makino Technology and Baidu."

"Google has always been committed to making the Internet world more convenient. Baidu shares our goal on this point. Makino Technology is a great company that has really changed the entire Internet world. It is Makino Technology that has made the world's netizens truly understand the major trend of global information technology. It is also Makino Technology that has allowed the world's netizens to cross the furthest distance on the planet through a network cable and integrate with each other. It is our honor to be able to cooperate with such a great company."

The applause was thunderous.

No one dared to deny the contribution that Makino Technology had made to the global Internet industry. The entire ecosystem of YY products had made the world's netizens lose their sense of distance and completely changed the pattern of social networking on the Internet. At the same time, it had also made an indelible great contribution to the popularization of the Internet.

At this time, Larry Page said again, "In my opinion, this cooperation between Google, Baidu, and Makino Technology will have a very far-reaching impact on all three companies. In this golden age of rapid development of the Internet, the three companies can give up competition and work together. In my opinion, this is also the best solution for all three companies. Here, I sincerely hope that the cooperation between the three companies can continue to develop smoothly, so that the three companies can continue to develop, and also let the three companies become closer to each other."

Although Larry Page had completely accepted the fate of being extorted by Li Mu, he still did not want others to look down on him because of this.

Now, there were indeed some people who believed that Larry Page's ability, courage, and standards were limited. That was why he was pressed to the ground by Li Mu. When Li Mu asked him to spend billions of dollars to buy an empty shell, he could only nod and agree. Therefore, the owners of such comments described Larry Page as the number one coward in Silicon Valley and ridiculed him in all kinds of ways.

That was why Larry Page brewed such comments. It was not only to counterattack, but also to express his true feelings during this period of time.

In Larry Page's opinion, although he was indeed a coward, the result of being a coward was very good. Therefore, he hoped to change these people's view of him. He wanted them to know that he was not a coward, but a person who knew how to adapt to the situation.

After Larry Page's simple speech ended, Robin, who was half a bystander in this ceremony, went on stage after Larry Page. Because Baidu's proportion in this cooperation was relatively small, and it was all about making money, Robin's speech was relatively simple. Basically, he praised the cooperation of the three companies, and he had great confidence in the future.

When Li Mu went on stage last, the atmosphere of the scene reached its climax. From the moment the host announced his name to the moment he went on stage, the audience's applause did not weaken for a moment. All the seated guests also stood up and applauded to express their heartfelt respect to Li Mu.

Li Mu occupied the center of the stage for a few minutes. After he bowed to many people to thank them, the audience's applause gradually stopped.

When the applause stopped, Li Mu picked up the microphone and said with a smile, "Just now, Larry said that this was the biggest event he had experienced since he started his business. In fact, to be honest, it is the same for me. I have never had the experience of facing so many media friends at the same time. Also, many of the people sitting below the stage are elites, seniors, and pioneers of the Internet industry. I am very touched that everyone can come here to support the cooperation between Makino Technology, Baidu, and Google."

After a pause, when the applause stopped, Li Mu continued, "In fact, I also know that this merger has caused a lot of discussion and controversy in the market. Some people say that Google was cheated by me; some people say that Makino Technology is a bandit who robbed Google; some people say that Google acquired Muye & Baidu to protect itself. Many people described me as the biggest bandit in the Internet industry, but they neglected a problem. If I am a bandit, why is Larry more happy than I am?

You saw it for yourself just now. His entire face is glowing, and you don't know how good his condition is. A few days ago, when he first came to China to cooperate with me, he was as dispirited as a tourist who lost his wallet in a foreign country. "

The audience burst into laughter. Larry Page was really excited just now, and he did not look like he was robbed at all.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "Actually, I want to take this opportunity to share a concept of mine with the world. That is, the Internet industry looks very cutting-edge, very magical, and very revolutionary, but in fact, the model of the Internet industry is still at a very early stage. Now is a good opportunity to upgrade the industry. Whoever takes this step first will obtain greater success."

Everyone below the stage stared at Li Mu without blinking, waiting for him to explain the concept of "upgrading the industry."

Li Mu continued, "Looking at the entire Internet industry, in fact, the current model of the Internet industry is very simple. Either you do your business, and I do mine, or I want to do yours, and you want to do mine.

"The former will lead to very little interaction between companies in the industry, and there are many barriers and barriers. The latter will lead to endless internal frictions and infighting among companies in the industry. Look at our Internet now. Microsoft sees Yahoo as a portal, so it also wants to do its own portal; Yahoo sees Google as a search engine, so it also wants to do its own search engine; and Google may see Makino Technology as a music producer, so it also wants to do music. Therefore, everyone is fighting everywhere. Every war is a long war of attrition, so no one has a day of peace.

"This is just like us and Google. If we can't reach an agreement, then Makino Technology will invest a huge amount of manpower and material resources to compete with Google in the search engine field, and Google will also have to invest a lot of manpower and material resources to resist Makino Technology's attack. There are only two final results. Either Google defeats Makino Technology, or Makino Technology defeats Google. But this kind of competition is like the First World War. Both warring parties dug trenches, spent tens of billions of military funds, and sacrificed millions of soldiers' lives. Even if they win such a war, it will be a pyrrhic victory, and the huge sacrifices on both sides are irreversible.