Chapter 270

Hui Ka Ming's efficiency was far beyond Li Mu's imagination. In less than 48 hours, before Ning Hao could complete the overall planning, he had already finalized all the product placements that Li Mu had given.

The product placements for clothing were Peacock, which cost 300,000 yuan;

The product placements for bicycles were Giant, which cost 400,000 yuan;

The product placements for mobile phones were Waveguide, which cost 450,000 yuan;

The product placements for beverages were Coca-Cola, which cost 500,000 yuan;

The product placements for cars were Benz, which cost 500,000 yuan;

In the end, Yanjing Beer managed to get the beer placements for the entire film, which cost 250,000 yuan;

Excluding the 500,000 yuan advertising fee from Makino Technology, the advertising investment that Hui Ka Ming had helped him was already 2.4 million yuan. Including the 500,000 yuan from Makino Technology, it was a total of 2.9 million yuan, which was much higher than what he had expected.

Although Li Mu was confident that all the sponsors would get their money's worth, others might not believe him. If he were to negotiate for the product placements, it would be good if he could get 1.4 million yuan out of 2.4 million yuan. Li Mu knew that the reason why he was able to settle the 2.4 million yuan in such a short time was because of Hui Ka Ming.

With all the funds in place, even if the budget of 2 million yuan was spent, the movie would at least earn 900,000 yuan. To Li Mu, the most important thing was not the 900,000 yuan, but the beautiful beginning.

With Hui Ka Ming's help in getting advertising sponsors, at least the Makino Image's reputation would be spread among the circle of business elites. When the micro-film "Oldboys" became popular across the country, these sponsors and business elites would truly realize the potential of the Makino Image. In the future, when there were new movies, the investment and advertising sponsorship would definitely not be small.

To Li Mu, filming "Oldboys" was not just to help with his simple plan to create hype. Deep in his heart, he really wanted to get involved in the film and television entertainment industry, not just in variety shows.

There was also film production and distribution, and even the future domestic cinema market. If it developed normally, Hua Xia would become the world's largest film market by 2017.

At that time, the market value of Wanda Group's Wanda Cinemas alone could easily exceed 100 billion yuan. This did not include the huge profits from the movie box office and the huge market derived from the movie peripherals. With such a huge market, Li Mu could not convince himself not to get involved.

Therefore …

The micro movie "Old Boys" was more like a stepping stone for him to enter the film industry. As long as it was fast, accurate, and ruthless, Makino Image could officially enter the ranks of the film and television companies. Moreover, he now had Ning Hao in his hands, as well as a lot of stars and directors who would be popular in the future but were not famous yet. It would not be difficult to get a share of the film and television entertainment market.

…

Just as Li Mu took the time to sign all the advertising contracts, Zhao Kang returned from his hometown in Haizhou.

Li Mu welcomed him. At the dinner table, he said to Li Mu, "The taxi company's matters are almost settled. Brother Liang helped us settle the license, government relations, and low-interest bank loans. Now our two families have taken out the money, and the car purchase contract has also been signed. Once the loans are in, we can buy the cars immediately."

Li Mu asked, "How many cars are we buying in total?

What model? "

Zhao Kang said, "A total of three million yuan. Three hundred thousand yuan is used to rent the venue and keep it as working capital. The rest of the money, my father looked at it and finally decided to buy thirty Altos and twenty three-compartment Xiali.

He said that a car with a trunk like the Xiali has a higher chance of attracting passengers at the station, so it is more popular. In addition, he has already started hiring drivers. "

Li Mu said, "Let Uncle Zhao decide these things himself."

Zhao Kang said with a smile, "You're right.

My father is full of energy every day, and he is more dedicated than when he was at work. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "I have something to tell you."

"What is it?"

Li Mu said, "I want to pull the righteous people into the plug-in business."

Zhao Kang tilted his head and thought for a moment, then said, "The righteous people are very good, but they are in trouble now.

It's good to pull them in. We have some markets that we haven't explored yet, so we can let the righteous people take care of it. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's what I mean, but I have to go back to Haizhou soon to shoot the micro movie 'Old Boys', so I'll leave the righteous people to you. I'll call him out tonight, and the three of us can have a chat. You tell him the general operating model, and give him a list of the markets that haven't been explored yet. How much he can get will depend on his ability, but you must tell him to be careful and not blindly push forward."

Zhao Kang said, "I understand, don't worry. Oh right, about the internet cafe, I'm going to start working on it in the next two days."

Li Mu said, "Start working on it, and you can also let the righteous people help you. In terms of the plug-in, what we lack now is a reliable helper."

At night, Li Mu called Hu Zhengdao out and brought him directly to the house in Yucheng Garden. He and Zhao Kang were going to talk to Hu Zhengdao about the follow-up of the legendary plug-in.

Hu Zhengdao had interacted with Zhao Kang when he was promoting 3321, so he knew that Zhao Kang was Li Mu's high school classmate. When he saw Zhao Kang, he knew that Zhao Kang was working with Li Mu. After they greeted each other, Hu Zhengdao didn't rush to ask Li Mu. He waited for Li Mu to speak.

Li Mu asked Hu Zhengdao, "Righteous, have you played Legend of Mir before?"

Hu Zhengdao nodded and said, "I played it for a few days before Yanan's mother got into trouble. I even got a quick kill card, but I haven't played it since."

Li Mu said, "It's good that you've played it before."

Then, he opened the Legend of Mir client and said to Hu Zhengdao, "Log into your account."

Hu Zhengdao sat in front of the computer and followed Li Mu's instructions. He logged into his account and selected the server for the second server.

Hu Zhengdao was using a Warrior character that had just reached level 10. Once he logged into the game, Hu Zhengdao turned to Li Mu and asked, "Mu Ge, what do we do next?"

Li Mu said, "Press F12."

Hu Zhengdao pressed F12 and realized that the game interface had instantly changed. His character logged in and appeared in Biqi Forest. Since it was night time, his field of vision was still very small even with candles lit. However, after pressing F12, the entire interface was presented in front of him. Occasionally, players who passed by had a red health bar above their heads.

Hu Zhengdao said, "Why does this look so similar to the plug-in called Legend of Mir?

When I was playing Legend of Mir, everyone was using that plug-in. "

Li Mu said, "This is the official paid version of Legend Overlord. The previous free version can't be used anymore. After using it, you'll realize that this cheat has many more functions than the previous free version. Removing wax, showing blood, and seeing through people are the most basic functions."

Hu Zhengdao nodded and asked Li Mu, "Is this what we're going to do?

A plug-in? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "I developed Legend of Mir, and I'm in charge of the sales."

Hu Zhengdao stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. He didn't expect that the Legendary Overlord plug-in, which was used by almost everyone in the Internet Cafe, was developed by his roommate. This was really unbelievable.

However, when he thought about how extraordinary Li Mu was, Hu Zhengdao felt relieved. Li Mu had done a lot of things, and 321 was much bigger than a plug-in for a game. There was no need for him to be surprised.

Hu Zhengdao, who came back to his senses, smiled and said, "Brother Mu, one day, even if you tell me that even QQ was developed by you, I think I won't be surprised.

“

Li Mu smiled and said, "A plug-in isn't something difficult. It's just a small program that can make money. There are still some cities that haven't been developed for Legend of Mir. I'll ask Zhao Kang to compile a list for you. Take a look and think about where you can try it. Start from the nearest city."

Zhao Kang opened up a form on another computer and explained to Hu Zhengdao how to expand the business.

"Under normal circumstances, you have to go to all the internet cafes in the area and discuss the commission with the boss. Currently, the fees are paid once a week."

Other than the method of promotion, Zhao Kang also told Hu Zhengdao about the commission.

For every monthly activation code sold, Hu Zhengdao would get a base commission of two yuan. Li Mu wanted to nurture Hu Zhengdao as one of his own, so he raised the commission to three yuan.

This amount of commission was already very impressive. Right now, Legend of Mir could easily sell more than a thousand copies in a fifth-tier city. If he could open up more channels and Legend of Mir continued to grow in popularity, the commission he could earn would be astonishing. If Hu Zhengdao could open up channels with tens of thousands of users, it was not impossible for him to earn more than a hundred thousand a month.

Hu Zhengdao listened attentively and nodded his head. The sales model for plug-ins was simple. It was to cast a wide net. Working with the boss of the internet cafes was the easiest and most direct way to cooperate. That was why the most important part of the business was to open up the internet cafes.

Hu Zhengdao asked Li Mu and Zhao Kang. "If I use 3321 Alipay, will I be able to cut out the middleman?"

Li Mu laughed. "This is a good idea, but it is not practical to sell plug-ins. Most of the players in Legend of Mir are young, and most of them are high school students. They might not even have bank cards, so how can they use Alipay? Also, plug-ins are a grey industry, and it is best to operate quietly."

"I understand." Hu Zhengdao nodded, and his expression was one of eagerness. "When do I start?

“

Li Mu said. "If you start this, you will have to give up on tutoring. If not, you will be too busy. You have to manage your schedule properly. No matter what, don't delay your studies."

Hu Zhengdao said seriously. "Don't worry, Mu Ge. I will make sure everything is arranged properly. You just need to work harder to catch up."

“