Chapter 743

Li Mu had to admit that Wei Lan's words brought a huge impact and excitement to his heart at this moment.

Li Mu also realized that Wei Lan was indeed from the real estate industry. She had been in this industry, which was known as the industry with the closest relationship with the government under the market economy, for several years. She was much more sensitive in this regard than he was.

In front of her, he was as ignorant as a primary school student in this regard, even stupid.

Li Mu carefully thought about the situation of the Internet industry in 2002. After the Internet bubble burst, people began to calm down and began to realize that the concept of the Internet was great, but when everyone was not so optimistic, what was the point of having a good concept?

At present, apart from the Internet game companies and Makino Technology, how many Internet companies were really profitable?

Very few, right?

Therefore, at present, the overall situation of the Internet industry was also pale. Only Muye Technology could outshine the others and have users, influence, and revenue.

Just when the effect of expanding domestic demand was negligible and the liquidity of the Internet was questioned, a bolt out of the blue came like a bolt from the blue. An e-commerce website that was established not long ago had sold 2.683 billion yuan in one day. This was simply a shot in the arm for the entire domestic retail industry and the domestic Internet industry.

When Taobao was able to create 2.683 billion yuan in daily sales in 2002, it was no longer just an e-commerce website. It had already used its super strength to show the world its most powerful attribute: online sales platform.

What was an online sales platform?

A sales platform that could cover the whole country through the virtual Internet and sell goods to any corner of the country.

Was Wal-Mart awesome in the future?

Awesome; was Carrefour awesome?

Gome and Suning were the same. These large chain sales platforms had at least hundreds of thousands of stores in the country, but no matter how strong their coverage was, it was not as large as the current Taobao's coverage. Moreover, the cost of opening each store was extremely high. Offline expansion depended on throwing money and shopping. But what about Taobao?

It was already awesome just by relying on imagination. Where would there be any competitors?

It was precisely because there were no competitors that Taobao's achievements today shocked the whole society. It brought the whole society a new world full of huge imagination and development prospects. Taobao itself was the founder of this new world, the real Pangu of domestic e-commerce. In front of it, the few domestic e-commerce platforms were not even "e-commerce" at all. To put it arrogantly, how could a firefly compete with the sun and the moon?

In this case, once Li Mu's Taobao was noticed by the country and recognized as capable of stimulating domestic consumption and domestic demand, it would be an excellent promotion for the domestic economy!

Although Li Mu only realized the potential of Taobao to promote the economic field after Wei Lan's reminder, he was very clear about the benefits that stimulating domestic demand could bring to the domestic economy. He was fortunate enough to become an Internet person and had witnessed the great role that the Internet played in stimulating domestic demand. It was not an exaggeration to say that it was a cornerstone.

First of all, the rise of e-commerce sites like Taobao and JD.com directly promoted domestic consumer transactions. A large amount of cash in the hands of the people flowed on the Internet. The most direct benefit was the increase in corporate income. With corporate income, the scale of the industry had to expand. With the expansion of the industry, more jobs could be created. It would also lead to an increase in the overall income of the upstream and downstream industries, including raw materials, packaging, and processing. When the overall income increased, the country's tax revenue would also increase. In this world, there was no money that could be earned by one person, but by others.

Secondly, many Internet models had created many supporting industries for society, directly solving the problem of a large number of jobs for the populous Hua Xia!

The most obvious example was the express delivery industry. In 2016, there were 30 to 40 million people directly or indirectly engaged in the logistics industry. If there was no e-commerce, this number would probably be reduced by 10%. In other words, e-commerce had provided at least 30 million jobs in the logistics industry!

A more direct example was the food and beverage delivery industry. Now, the streets of major cities were filled with electric scooters of different colors. The ones in blue were Hungry Man's delivery workers, the ones in yellow were Meituan's delivery workers, and the ones in red were Baidu's delivery workers. There were also delivery workers in the same city O2O delivery industry, such as Kuaifang Medicine, Xianfeng, and Flash Delivery. They were running on the streets and alleys of the city. This was the unique influence of the Internet. If there was no Internet that dug into the laziness of users and carried forward the same city O2O delivery service, the jobs of these delivery workers would completely disappear.

In his previous life, although Li Mu was just a lowly Internet worker, every time he thought about the huge role that the Internet had brought to society and to mankind, as an insignificant member, he still felt a sense of achievement.

In this life, Li Mu had always been committed to making the best Internet products and bringing the Internet earlier. However, Li Mu had never stood on a higher level to look at this industry.

Not only was he making money himself, but he was also not only leading a group of people to make money. He also had the opportunity to lead or help tens of millions of people to make money.

Similarly, he had the obligation to increase the number of netizens in the country and the potential of the Internet industry. He had the obligation to fully promote the development of the Internet in the country.

Only with the rapid growth of netizens and the rapid development of the Internet industry could it create a large number of jobs for society and let the Internet serve the whole society better.

If the Internet in the country could deviate from his previous life and seize the opportunity of 2002 and the benefits he created in this life, it might not be a pipe dream for Zhongguancun to surpass Silicon Valley in the future.

Moreover, Wei Lan's reminder gave Li Mu a lot of inspiration. If the government is interested in Taobao's business model, then the government will definitely throw an olive branch to him. They will definitely hope that Taobao can provide the solution to the current economic development and domestic demand. This way, he can also apply for more subsidies and preferential terms for the development of Taobao and related businesses to speed up his own development.

In the future, if Taobao wants to do logistics, it will involve a large number of cars and other related purchases. Can you give tax incentives?

In the future, there will be a few logistics bases to be built. The problems such as location, land use, construction, and recruitment will all be solved locally. Can the local government help solve these problems and give sufficient support?

In the future, I hope that the Internet can be popularized at a faster speed, so that the Internet can greatly promote the economy. Then, can you give a certain tax discount for computer hardware?

Or can you give subsidies like how home appliances go to the countryside and energy saving and emission reduction?

If I can get government subsidies to buy computers, I believe it will promote the popularity of home computers more than lowering the price, right?

After all, lowering the price is lowering the price. For consumers, government subsidies are like this village, there will never be another shop like this!

Also, also!

I'm just a small shrimp, and I definitely don't dare to break the structure of the big operators. But can the country step in and urge the network operators to reduce the network communication fees on account of the huge role of the Internet in the country's economy?

Can they take the initiative to update their hardware equipment and increase the network speed in an environment where there is no external competition?

This is an important matter that benefits the people as much as building highways!

After thinking about this, Li Mu's entire thinking pattern changed dramatically. He suddenly no longer resisted his own exposure. He even started to feel that it was time for him to walk to the front. It was time to carry the banner of the domestic Internet and give himself more responsibilities and missions. He wanted to let himself and his enterprise become the locomotive of a heavy load train to pull the vigorous development of Hua Xia's Internet.

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more excited he became. So much so that he suddenly stopped walking and clenched his fists. His mind was filled with the idea of sprinting. At this moment, his career had completely sublimated.

Wei Lan did not know the huge change in Li Mu's heart. Seeing him so excited, she could not help but ask, "What's wrong?"

Li Mu laughed out loud. "I'm excited. Your words just now woke me up. It's not an exaggeration to say that I'm simply full of fighting spirit now!"

Wei Lan asked him with a smile, "Really? Is it that ridiculous?

Then what are your plans now? "

"Me?" Li Mu smiled and said, "I've never been so eager to see Mother Yang again as I am now."

Wei Lan was puzzled. "Who is Mother Yang?"

Just as Li Mu was about to explain, the phone in his pocket rang. It was Liu Shixiong.

The first thing Liu Shixiong said was, "Li Mu, Central TV has contacted the company. They want to do an exclusive interview with you and would like to ask for your opinion."

Saying that, Liu Shixiong knew that Li Mu had always liked to keep a low profile in the media, so he added, "If you're not interested, I'll help you reject it."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't. Which program team is it?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I don't know. There are about seven or eight programs, but the main ones are 'Oriental Perspective – Face to Face' and 'Focus Interview'."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Okay, agree to it. Just say that I'm in Shanghai. As for the details, we'll talk when I get to Yanjing. You can help me make an appointment with them to the company. I'll be there in the afternoon."

Liu Shixiong reminded him, "You have to consider it carefully. Their material will be broadcast on almost all the news programs. It seems like it will be very big this time!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's fine. The bigger the better!

After hiding for so long, it's time to come out and greet the people of the country! "

Seeing that he was so sure, Liu Shixiong said, "OK.

I'll contact them now. "

After hanging up, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "Central TV came looking for me. I was just thinking about them when they came looking for me!"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "That's to be expected. It would be strange if they didn't look for you for such a big matter."

Li Mu snapped his fingers and said with a smile, "Oh yes, the Mother Yang I mentioned earlier is my nickname for Central TV …"