Chapter 992

While Boss Ma was researching on how to increase the efficiency of poaching, Li Mu was ready to test and launch the Taobao Alliance advertisement that he developed to stimulate Taobao's C2C business and tie up small and medium-sized Taobao sellers.

"Taobao Alliance" was a set of promotion system that Li Mu refined from the "Baidu Alliance" and "Taobao Alliance" in his previous life. In this era, it could be said that it provided many individual webmasters in the country with a new and more advanced profit model.

The current e-commerce market was not mature enough. Li Mu's Taobao dominated the market, and there was almost no competitive atmosphere. Therefore, it had not spawned an advertising model specifically for e-commerce services. Therefore, Li Mu developed a new e-commerce advertising model. He directly integrated Taobao's rich media advertising into a new set of plans and provided it to each individual webmaster.

Ordinary website advertising was relatively simple and crude. According to the type of website and traffic data, different advertising prices were given at different positions. The promoter could negotiate with the individual webmaster according to the rental period. After the agreement was made, the contract was signed and the advertisement was launched. Overall, it was a one-off deal.

Although this simple model was simple, for individual webmasters, it lacked the depth of traffic dividends. The same recommendation space, if the price was five hundred yuan per day, then the individual webmaster's income from the recommendation space would be written down. Unless the website traffic increased, it would be difficult to increase the price.

A recommendation space of five hundred yuan might be able to achieve a turnover of a few thousand yuan by promoting health products for a day. If it were to promote games, it might bring in tens of thousands of yuan. However, this income was not available to individual webmasters. Individual webmasters did not even have the opportunity to access the actual profit data of the promoter.

Li Mu's idea was that if individual webmasters were willing to join the Taobao Alliance, the advertising fees in the future would be carried out in the new model of "guarantee + share".

For example, Taobao would give the webmaster a guarantee of five hundred yuan per day. On this basis, the website's effective clicks and effective conversions would be calculated to calculate the advertising fees.

Valid clicks referred to the normal clicks of an individual user. Once the clicks were clicked on, it would be counted and counted to pay the webmaster. Assuming that each valid click was calculated at 0.1 yuan, once the valid clicks on the day reached 5,000, it would be equivalent to reaching the minimum standard. On this basis, Taobao would pay the webmaster the additional earnings normally. That was to say, if there were only 3,000 clicks per day for a 500 yuan advertisement space, the webmaster would still be able to earn 500 yuan. If there were 6,000 clicks per day, then he would be able to earn 600 yuan in actual earnings.

Other than the effective clicks, there would also be a calculation of effective conversions. In other words, how many of these clicked users had successfully registered with Taobao? If there were, each successful registration would give an additional one hundred yuan as advertising fees. If the user had actual orders, regardless of the turnover, the webmaster would receive another two hundred yuan in income.

All in all, the scale of the income was very objective. Putting aside the initial five hundred yuan of advertising space, if there were six thousand effective clicks per day, the actual income would reach six hundred yuan. Among which, if there were a hundred people who registered, there would be another one hundred yuan in income. If there were fifty people who placed orders, there would be another one hundred yuan in income.

In this way, the actual income of the webmaster from the original five hundred yuan of advertising space would reach eight hundred yuan, an increase of 60%. This was only a conservative estimate because the current basic pricing was very conservative. For individual webmasters, this price was already very attractive. However, Li Mu understood that with the development of the Internet, the cost of acquiring users would definitely increase, especially for paying users. The cost of acquiring users would be even higher.

Taobao was an online sales platform. Every actual converted user represented a long-term revenue line. Therefore, in Li Mu's plan, the billing standard for the webmaster would continue to increase along with the development of Taobao.

In order to achieve the unity of the Taobao alliance, all the rich media advertisements of the cooperating websites would all use the technical codes of Taobao. This would first save them a lot of labor costs. Some websites frequently changed their advertising clients, and sometimes there would be empty windows of advertising resources.

After cooperating with Taobao, they did not need to constantly sell advertising space. This was because as long as they signed a contract with Taobao, all the advertising would be contracted by Taobao in the future.

Secondly, Taobao would open a data backend for each website to calculate the traffic that the website imported to Taobao and track the final conversion of the traffic. The website itself could only calculate how many users clicked on the advertisement. However, once the users jumped from their own platform to Fang Ping's platform, they would lose control of the subsequent behavior of the users. They would not know how many users were lost or converted.

In the Taobao alliance, Li Mu would let all the alliance websites see how many users came to their website, how many users naturally lost after the jump, and how many users settled down to complete the registration and actual purchase behavior. Other than not disclosing the specific transaction records, the other data would be openly and transparently displayed to all the cooperating webmasters.

In addition, the backend of the Taobao alliance would also give each website a weight rating based on the conversion of the traffic of each website. From 1 to 10, the higher the weight of the website, the higher the conversion rate of Taobao's advertisements. Such websites would give them additional advertising shares in the future. Using this method, the webmasters of the website would continuously increase the website's traffic, the quality of users, and the conversion rate of advertisements. This would stimulate them to get rid of the lazy thinking of only selling advertising space.

The advertisements of the Taobao alliance would be very interesting in the current internet industry. This was because all the advertisements of the Taobao alliance would use the direct promotion model. What the user saw was no longer an advertisement on a website, but a certain product. As long as he clicked on it, he could directly enter the product page. The promotion of conversion was very obvious.

What was more interesting was that Taobao would provide all cooperating webmasters with a unified rich media advertising code. In this way, there might be a situation where the nature of many websites might be different, the content would be very different, the layout of the page, and the design style would be different. However, the only similarity was that on both sides of the page, or on the bottom left and right corner, there would be the same Taobao rich media advertising. This would also greatly enhance the display of the Taobao brand.

After these days of development, Taobao had currently completed the technical development of the "Taobao alliance." Now the business staff was in the stage of constantly contacting individual webmasters. More and more individual webmasters had gladly accepted the cooperation model of Taobao's "guarantee + share" and were very much looking forward to the "Taobao alliance" as soon as possible.

Lei Jianguo had long expressed his admiration for the "Taobao alliance" model. Li Mu always had his ways to subvert a traditional mechanism that everyone was operating silently. Compared to the traditional advertising model, the Taobao alliance model suddenly highlighted its thorough advancement.

Suddenly subverting something that was originally beautiful without warning was the easiest way to make people worship it.

Why was Steve Jobs a god? It was because when everyone thought that the Nokia N series was the top of the mobile phone industry and drooled at the sight of the various Nokia N series phones, Steve Jobs used an iPhone to make everyone curse in their hearts and say, "F * ck, phones can be played like this."

Then when they looked at the Nokia N series, they couldn't help but sigh, "What the f * ck is this?"

In contrast, Liu Shixiong appeared to be a lot calmer. He knew Li Mu longer than Lei Jianguo knew Li Mu. Moreover, the two of them built the Taobao alliance from scratch. He had long been shocked by Li Mu.

Lei Jianguo praised the "Taobao alliance" and kept saying that the "Taobao alliance" would usher in a new era of Internet advertising. Li Mu didn't comment on this. In the future, online advertising would become more refined and customized. Some people would continue to be inspired to create more innovative models. The "Taobao alliance" model was more suitable for e-commerce. As long as Taobao familiarized itself with the alliance and tied more and more individual webmasters to its own system, this system could add a lot of competitiveness to Taobao.

When the three of them had a private meeting to decide on the official launch date of the "Taobao alliance," Li Mu set the date on October 15th.

The reason why October 15th was chosen was that the expeditionary force of Makino Technology would be sent to the United States on the 18th. The Taobao alliance was a big move in the industry, but compared to the farewell ceremony on the 18th, its social impact was much weaker. The farewell ceremony on the 18th was not only a historical moment in the industry, but also a major event that the whole country was paying attention to. Therefore, launching the "Taobao alliance" first could avoid the strong social impact of the farewell ceremony.

After deciding on the launch date, Li Mu suddenly had an idea. He said to the two, "Why don't we take advantage of the launch of the Taobao alliance and hold a national webmaster conference?"

"Individual webmaster conference?" Liu Shixiong asked in surprise, "The nature of the industry summit?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "To the public, it's an industry summit, but in fact, we want to hold it as a Taobao network supplier conference. All the individual webmasters will be the future suppliers of our Taobao network. It's just that they won't be supplying actual products, they'll be supplying traffic!"

Lei Jianguo frowned for a while, then clapped his hands and said excitedly, "This idea is really great!

Invite these individual webmasters to Yanjing, let them accept our brainwashing, and become part of us. In the future, this will be our traffic mine that will be spread throughout the country! "

Li Mu was amused by the English pronunciation that Lei Jianguo blurted out. He suddenly looked at him seriously and said, "Director Lei, can you say 'Are-you OK' for me to hear?"

Lei Jianguo's face was full of confusion. "Li Zong, I don't understand …"

Li Mu held back his laughter and said, "Just say 'Are-you OK'."

Lei Jianguo was even more confused, but looking at Li Mu's serious face, he hesitated for a while and said, "Are-you OK, is that it?"

"Be more serious, be more serious, bring some emotion, raise your emotions a little …"

The confused Lei Jianguo raised his voice and said, "Are-you OK?

Is that okay? "