Chapter 774

Legislation and supervision on e-commerce?

Department Head Zhen was extremely shocked.

Li Mu was now the leader of the domestic e-commerce industry. The daily sales of his brand was comparable to the annual sales of several other 2C e-commerce companies. He was the well-deserved leader in the industry. Yet, he took the initiative to request the government to legislate and supervise e-commerce?

This was illogical!

Department Head Zhen was proficient in business and had a good understanding of the development methods of domestic enterprises. Most of the large enterprises in Hua Xia had grown up with original sins. The original sins were not necessarily against the law, but from a certain point of view, they would definitely violate business ethics or take advantage of legal loopholes. However, this original sin was applicable to almost all large enterprises in the world. Therefore, if Li Mu wanted to use some special means to accumulate original capital when the e-commerce legislation was not clear and the industry was in chaos, it was not impossible for him to do so.

However, to his surprise, as the absolute leader of the industry, Li Mu took the initiative to stop the accumulation of original sins. What was the reason for this?

Department Head Zhen could not help but ask him, "What aspects of e-commerce do you want the government to legislate and supervise?"

Li Mu said resolutely, "To eliminate fake goods!"

"Fake goods?"

This was a huge problem that Hua Xia had faced for more than 20 years in the field of retail and intellectual property. The industry chain behind it was astonishing. Now that Li Mu's e-commerce had just started, he wanted to ban fake goods online?

Department Head Zhen was shocked. He asked him, "Can you roughly tell me what your considerations are?"

Li Mu said, "I didn't think too much about it. I just want to give the domestic e-commerce industry a clean start."

Department Head Zhen nodded and sighed. "Cracking down on fake goods has always been an extremely difficult problem. Moreover, it involves many people and is very difficult. Are you sure you want to do this now?"

Li Mu said firmly, "I understand that cracking down on fake goods offline is difficult. After all, the industry chain of producing and selling fake goods involves too many people, and it is also very difficult to trace them.

For example, the peddlers of pirated books and audio and video products. A truck carrying machinery runs all over the country without a trace. Fake clothes, shoes, and hats can be exported to the market in large quantities from any small workshop. Fake daily necessities have also become difficult to distinguish due to the increasing level of counterfeiting … "

When Li Mu said that, he felt a heartache from the bottom of his heart. Immediately after, he said emotionally, "Minister Zhen, what I've said is all offline!

Offline is too big, too messy, and too complicated. It is not something that an Internet professional like me can understand. But online is different!

"Everything online has a clear chain. Once fake goods appear online, the platform will have a clear record of which store the fake goods were put on the shelves and who is in charge of the store."

"How the fake goods were sold to the users through transaction records is also very clear on the platform's records."

"How the money involved in the fake goods is transferred from the user's account to Alipay, and then to the seller's account. Who opened the seller's account in the bank? The platform and the bank records are even clearer!

"It can be said that as long as anyone sells fake goods online, from the physical evidence to the witness, the delivery information, the flow of funds, and other evidence, everything is clear. But the key is that the e-commerce platform does not have the right to enforce the law. The most we can do is to find out if someone is selling fake goods online. After investigating the facts, we can ban the seller's store. However, we do not have the ability to recover the losses of the consumers who have been harmed. Without the support of laws and regulations, the cost of selling fake goods will be much lower. If his store is banned by us, he can change his ID and register a new store to sell fake goods. We will ban him again, and he will change again. Without legal sanctions, the cost of breaking the law is too low, and the platform will not be able to stop it.

"If we have the support of laws and regulations, as long as you sell fake goods online, as long as the platform provides a complete chain of evidence, the judicial authorities will investigate, judge, confiscate, and compensate according to the law. Then, selling fake goods online will become the field that the seller dares not step into. Because all the online sales will be recorded, it is far less covert than selling fake goods offline."

He looked at Minister Zhen with a sincere expression and pleaded from the bottom of his heart, "Minister Zhen, take advantage of the fact that e-commerce is still in its infancy and that fake and shoddy products haven't started to run rampant online. This is the time when the cost is the lowest and the effect is the most obvious. If we miss this opportunity, I'm worried that it will really take root and germinate in the e-commerce field like a ringworm!" Minister Zhen's face was filled with sincerity.

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "From the bottom of my heart, I sincerely hope that we can protect this new field of online transactions through legislative supervision and strict enforcement of the law. If it is difficult for the judicial authorities to enforce the law across regions, Taobao is willing to fork out ten million yuan every year to support the judicial authorities to enforce the law across regions and crack down on fake goods!"

"Rome wasn't built in a day. I don't dare to hope that all fake goods can be completely eradicated. I only hope that we can completely block the fake goods offline. Let them continue to use the model that they have been using for the past ten to twenty years and grow in the soil that they have been growing in for the past ten to twenty years. Just don't let them harm the new industry of e-commerce!"

"Here, on behalf of all the people on the Internet, on behalf of the entire Hua Xia e-commerce industry, I implore the government to help the e-commerce industry protect this last piece of pure land. Take advantage of the fact that the industry has just started to develop and implement legislative supervision, crack down on online sales, and nip online sales in the bud!"

At this point, Li Mu's mouth was already dry and he was gasping for breath. However, he felt that it was not enough. After a pause, he continued, "In addition, e-commerce is also the easiest business model to integrate with the international community. If we regulate the e-commerce market from the beginning, when Hua Xia's e-commerce is integrated with the rest of the world in the future, we will be able to stand with our backs straight, without feeling guilty or showing any signs of weakness, and we will not fall into the hands of others. This will also affect the future international outlook of the industry!"

Department Head Zhen stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. He marveled at how this young man always used his own practical performance to make him admire him even more. This kid's mindset was really somewhat unfathomable.

Although Li Mu's speech was impassioned, it was very objective and heartfelt.

From an objective point of view, the hardest place for fake goods to hide was online. The channel through which fake sellers sold fake goods was also the most thorough way to sell fake goods. The easiest way to investigate and collect evidence was also the online way to crack down on fake goods. Taking all these into account, the least likely place for fake goods to exist was online. Even if someone took the risk to sell fake goods online, with a clear chain of relationships, they would always be able to catch him. If they tried their best to catch him, they would go through the judicial process based on the amount of money involved in the case. After a few rounds, no one would dare to continue selling fake goods online.

However, it was the easiest for new things to exploit loopholes. Therefore, when the e-commerce industry started in Hua Xia's previous life, there was almost no supervision, and it was free to do as it pleased. Moreover, for the sake of their own interests, the platforms did not care about it at all. This led to the rampant online sales of fake goods from the very beginning, and by the time it reached its peak, it was almost completely out of control.

After the initial accumulation period, it was already too late for companies to clear their names and turn around to crack down on fake goods. Fake goods had already become a cancer of e-commerce.

What Li Mu needed to do was to think of a way to persuade the leaders at the very beginning to legislate and supervise and strictly enforce the law. Fight!

Fight fiercely from the very beginning!

So fiercely that it made people fearful and retreat!

As long as this was done, not only would no one dare to sell fake goods online, but even if there were, all the e-commerce platforms behind them would not dare to condone fake goods!

If everyone had the same goal from the very beginning to put an end to fake goods, then the pure land online would definitely be protected!

At this moment, Li Mu recalled the biggest impression he had when he traveled to Wutai Mountain in his previous life. The entire Wutai Mountain was covered with slogans. The slogans were simple and crude — Whoever starts a fire will be jailed!

This warning was not a word of nonsense, but it was full of ruthlessness. It made him feel uneasy during those few days on Wutai Mountain. He did not even dare to smoke outdoors. This was the deterrent force of strict enforcement of the law!

If the slogans were changed to: "Everyone is responsible for fire prevention in the mountains and forests", "Everyone is responsible for fire prevention, every household is safe", "The forest protects my home, fire prevention depends on everyone", what deterrent force could there be?

What kind of deterrent force could there be!

Therefore, Wutai Mountain was very awesome on this point. I won't talk nonsense with you. Just six words: Whoever starts a fire will be jailed!

Now, what Li Mu wanted to do was to turn the e-commerce market, which had eliminated fake goods, into a Wutai Mountain that was free of fire. He wanted everyone to see the warning everywhere before they entered the industry: Whoever sells fake goods will be jailed!

Moreover, this was not a joke. With the support of the law, if someone really sold fake goods, they would be arrested!

As long as this goal was achieved, Li Mu wanted to see who would dare to say that Hua Xia E-Commerce could not eliminate fake goods?

Who would dare to say that eliminating fake goods from Hua Xia E-Commerce would be a dead end?

Not only Director Zhen, but Liu Xiaodong was also dumbfounded.

He knew that Li Mu hated the platform for selling fake goods, but he did not expect him to hate it to this extent.

Taking out 10 million a year to fund the online fight against fake goods was not a big problem. The key was that Li Mu's attitude was simply too firm.

In fact, Li Mu knew that he had to be firm.

Since his rebirth, he was no longer the Li Mu who only wanted to make some money to improve his life and solve the problem of his parents being laid off.

As he became more and more successful, his sense of mission for the Internet was also becoming stronger. This increasing sense of mission urged him to make some real examples and improvements for Hua Xia's Internet industry.

He hoped that YY would become global; he hoped that Huaxia would be able to create an Internet product that would be recognized and used by the entire world; he hoped that e-commerce could bring a better shopping experience to hundreds of millions of people, stimulate domestic demand, improve the economy, create more jobs, reduce unemployment, contribute to the overall domestic economy, and contribute to the improvement of the people's living standards. These were the missions he had in mind for the Internet industry.

In addition, he also hoped that he could put an end to the detours that Hua Xia had taken in his previous life in the Internet industry. Fake goods were not the only way to promote consumption, nor was it necessary to rely on fake goods to build a big platform. Furthermore, not all online shoppers would actively think of buying fake goods online.

Taking a step back, even if there really was a group of such special online shoppers, Li Mu would prefer to block all of them offline. If they wanted to buy fake goods, they could. Once they stepped out of the e-commerce door, there were stalls on both sides of the street. They could buy as much as they wanted, but they could forget about buying fake goods from him. He did not care about earning their share of the money. Sacrificing them to purify the online shopping market, Li Mu felt that it was worth it.

...

PS: Please follow me on WeChat: gzbuge, WeChat name: Gongzi Buge, thank you!