Chapter 1322

Taobao website only used one night and one morning to completely stabilize the price of goods that had already broken through the sky. Along with the price of goods, the people's hearts were also stabilized.

The problem that had originally caused many people to be badly battered and unable to find an effective solution was almost a piece of cake for Taobao website.

Li Mu did not receive any more calls from anyone to question him. On the contrary, after Taobao website made a series of measures, the TV media also began to actively report on the epidemic. They especially reported on Taobao website's measures in great detail, praising Taobao website's actions at the critical moment.

Taobao website gained a lot in one day. Not only did it increase by nearly ten million registered users overnight, it also received great praise and popularity from the people. Then, the national media also gave great recognition to Taobao website, causing Taobao website to become the company that the people in the country paid the most attention to and had the most favorable impression of Taobao website.

Not only did the major media report on Taobao website on a large scale, many media, including Yang Ma, also contacted Makino Technology, hoping to be able to exchange the latest information with Makino Technology in real time. Yang Ma even hoped to work together with Makino Technology to release the epidemic. At that time, Yang Ma would share the authoritative information she obtained with Makino Technology as soon as possible, and then publish it on YY website through Makino Technology.

The reason why Yang Ma wanted to cooperate with the online portal YY was mainly because of the influence of YY. It had indeed shocked Yang Ma greatly. The advantages of online media in terms of timeliness and focusing power were simply incomparable. For example, special report and real-time rolling broadcast, no TV station could achieve that on TV. Only the extremely open online platform could achieve that. Hence, this also made the media realize that a new media era had quietly arrived.

What made Li Mu even more surprised was that the relevant health departments specifically contacted Taobao website, directly thanking Taobao website for its positive role in popularizing the epidemic information and preventive measures, and also affirmed the efforts of Taobao website in stabilizing the price of epidemic prevention materials.

For the relevant health departments, they were no longer as nervous as they were when Makino Technology first released the news yesterday. This was because the clear instructions from the higher-ups were not harsh, but they were required to do a good job in epidemic control and treatment.

This kind of feeling made the relevant departments feel relieved. It was like a child who did not get good results in an exam. Before handing over his results to his parents, he was always worried that his parents would scold him or scold him. Thus, he would try his best to hide or even change his results. However, when his parents knew his real results, they would not scold him as they had imagined. Instead, they would encourage him to study hard at the next stage and strive to get good results.

Therefore, the nationwide epidemic prevention and control officially began, and medical staff everywhere received urgent notices. From this moment on, they began to prepare for the epidemic and were determined to fight a large-scale defensive war.

Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief.

His actions were indeed a bit risky, but the sense of responsibility in his heart drove him to do so. Fortunately, his risky actions did not cause trouble. On the contrary, the direction of the epidemic had begun to change in his previous life.

Because he had completely given up on concealing it, medical workers all over the country received clear instructions to let them know how to deal with it. At the same time, other government departments were also actively cooperating. The transportation department was drawing up requirements for units in charge of transportation to effectively monitor the temperature of all passengers. Once a fever case was found, it must be effectively isolated and removed only after it was determined that there was no danger.

Quarantine was the strong call made by WHO for the defense work of "Infectious Atypical Pneumonia".

When Li Mu received the news, he immediately found Li Ziwei and asked her to immediately contact the health department and the transportation department. Taobao website and Makino Technology were prepared to jointly donate a large number of epidemic prevention materials to these two departments.

These included: imported N95 and higher level protective masks, including 9 million N95 level protective masks, 1.9 million N99 level protective masks, 100,000 N100 level protective masks, 15,000 sets of 3M biochemical protective suits, 100 sets of rapid body disinfection equipment, and 2,000 hand-held infrared body thermometers.

These materials had been imported in bulk from the United States before Li Mu. In his memory, many medical workers fighting on the front lines in his previous life still wore thick ordinary cotton masks. It turned out that the protection level of those masks was too low. Such protection was obviously not enough when exposed to patients for a long time. During the SARS period in his previous life, medical workers sacrificed a lot. Therefore, when Li Mu prepared supplies for the people, he deliberately prepared a large number of high-end protective materials for medical workers.

Aside from masks, biochemical suits were also very necessary and effective protective equipment for the staff who had direct contact with the patients. Together with full-body rapid disinfection equipment, the medical staff could be effectively protected when they entered and exited the ward area, greatly reducing the chances of infection.

As for the infrared body thermometers, they were mainly prepared for major hubs, train stations, and airports. In Li Mu's memory, the first confirmed case in Beijing seemed to have flown to Beijing from Hong Kong. However, in this era, major transportation hubs generally did not have temperature detection equipment, unlike a few years later, the infrared temperature detection equipment of airport customs could quickly detect a person's temperature and quickly capture passengers with abnormal body temperatures.

At the moment, the top priority of the national epidemic prevention was not only treatment but also control.

However, it was impossible for such a large country to stop the flow of people because of the epidemic. Therefore, the most effective method at the moment was to detect the temperature of passengers in major transportation hubs.

The batch of thermometers purchased by Li Mu was portable, more stable and accurate than ordinary home thermometers. At the same time, the response speed was also faster. After ordinary products detected a person's temperature, it would take a few seconds or even more than ten seconds to prepare for the second test. However, this kind of high-end thermometers could complete an accurate reading in almost one second, and could immediately carry out the second round of testing. In this way, it could ensure that the temperature of a large number of passengers in transportation hubs could be quickly detected.

When the relevant departments of health and transportation received the donation news from Taobao and Makino Technology, they were completely shocked by the scale, specifications, importance, and urgency of this batch of materials!

The relevant people in charge of the two departments looked at the list of materials sent by Taobao and Makino Technology. Everyone was amazed. The materials donated by Li Mu this time were really too timely, and the specifications of these materials were even much higher than their own reserves. Especially for the person in charge of frontline work in the health and epidemic prevention department, when he held the list of materials in his hand, his hands were trembling with excitement. The names and quantities of the materials on it made him feel that they were prepared for frontline workers. Once these materials were in place and distributed to major hospitals in the country, especially the designated hospitals, it would definitely play a great role in promoting the safety of medical staff!

N95 level protective masks were not really popularized in the country. They were not popularized among medical staff, nor were they popularized in industrial and mining units. Except for the managers of the relevant departments of health who knew the significance of N95, many people at the grassroots did not know what the letter N95 and the two numbers represented.

N95 meant more than 95% effective filtration. For the vast majority of people exposed to dust and bacteria, this level of protective masks was necessary. N99 was more high-end, with the proportion of filtration reaching more than 99%, and N100 meant that the proportion of filtration reaching more than 99.7%.

Masks of this level were difficult to buy in the country. But Li Mu donated ten million in one go, of which eight million were donated to the relevant departments of health, and two million were donated to the relevant departments of transportation.

Biochemical protective suits were even more important. Currently, in the country, only the real large-scale general hospitals had such equipment in reserve. Hospitals in ordinary second and third-tier cities could not find a single set. It was the same in Hong Kong, let alone in China. That was why more than a hundred medical staff in Hong Kong were infected with SARS. Li Mu donated fifteen thousand sets in one go, basically ensuring that each city would have more than ten sets. This way, the safety of the local doctors in charge of the SARS disease control and prevention would be guaranteed!

As for the full-body rapid disinfection equipment, it was even more difficult. According to the requirements of the disease control and prevention system in advanced countries, the infectious disease area in the hospital must be completely isolated. Any personnel and items entering and leaving this area must go through strict disinfection. Other than that, not even a fly could be released from the infectious disease area. However, to achieve this requirement, it was necessary to add a disinfection channel between the infectious disease area and the non-infectious disease area to ensure that when personnel and items passed through this disinfection channel, they would be able to kill the attached virus, so that the virus would not be carried out from the infectious disease area.

However, at this stage, most hospitals in China did not have this ability. Once an epidemic broke out, although the hospital could divide an isolation area, the disinfection channel in the middle was much simpler. Most of the time, doctors and nurses would help each other spray disinfection with disinfectant, which was time-consuming and laborious, and it was difficult to ensure safety. However, the full-body rapid disinfection equipment was much more convenient and safe. If this equipment was installed in the disinfection channel, when the medical staff came out of the isolation area, this equipment could achieve rapid and safe disinfection. It was extremely practical.

As for the two thousand hand-held infrared thermometers, Li Mu donated 500 of them to the relevant departments of health, and the remaining 1,500 were donated to the relevant departments of transportation.

This kind of equipment was most urgently needed by the transportation department. Its biggest advantage was that it was fast and efficient, and it could deal with a large number of high-frequency monitoring with ease. Therefore, most of it was given to the transportation department, but at the same time, a part of it was given to the hospital to replace the traditional mercury thermometer in the hospital at critical moments.