Chapter 956

Lying next to Dufy, Wei Lan couldn't sleep all night.

Her insomnia wasn't because of the kidnapping, but because she learned a lot of unexpected and shocking information from Dufy before she went to sleep. The shadow of being kidnapped in Wei Lan's heart was dispelled by this shocking information.

Therefore, the only thing that lingered in Wei Lan's mind the whole night was Li Mu, nothing else.

To Wei Lan, Li Mu was simply like the Mariana Trench, bottomless, and contained too many things that ordinary people couldn't imagine.

When she heard how Li Mu found her, she was extremely shocked, as if it was the first time she saw a new species in the deep sea.

But what really shocked her was that Li Mu could actually think of developing a Skynet for society while rescuing her.

The reason why she secretly liked him in her heart was because of the unique sense of responsibility and mission that he released in the moment he accepted the CCTV interview. Now it seemed that this sense of responsibility and mission was almost everywhere.

When she thought of the feelings she had for the big boy Li Mu, Wei Lan's feelings became even more complicated.

Wei Lan had always been proud, and this pride wasn't because of her family environment, nor because of her appearance, but because she had always been highly independent and had full confidence in her own ability.

When Wei Lan first fell in love with Li Mu, she even felt that she might not necessarily be the most beautiful woman by Li Mu's side, but she should be the most capable one by Li Mu's side. Even if she and Li Mu didn't have any relationship in the future, at least she could still use her own ability to be his right-hand man.

However, it was only now that she realized the truth.

Whether she was the most capable woman by Li Mu's side, this question wasn't certain, but she was definitely the woman that Li Mu had helped the most and received the most grace from him. There was no one else!

From the moment she met Li Mu, she had always been helped by Li Mu and received Li Mu's kindness. To Wei Lan, this was simply the greatest irony given to her by the heavens.

From the perspective of self-esteem, Wei Lan felt that she had become a joke in front of Li Mu.

However, from a woman's point of view, Wei Lan felt that the beating heart in her chest would never be able to escape from Li Mu's grasp.

If she didn't know what it felt like to fall in love with someone wholeheartedly before, then this time, reality had at least given her the best demonstration lesson …

That night, there were many people like Wei Lan who couldn't sleep.

Song Zhilei, who was filled with remorse and hatred, lay on the hospital bed in the Public Security Hospital and cried the whole night.

Last night, 120 received a call from the SWAT team and arranged for an ambulance from Pinggu County Hospital's emergency center to go to the scene. Song Zhilei arrived at Pinggu County Hospital in the ambulance accompanied by a number of SWAT team members. However, when he arrived at the county hospital, the emergency doctor immediately said that it couldn't be treated after seeing his wound.

Song Zhilei's right knee was severely injured. It could be said that his entire knee had been completely shattered by the bullet. The medical standards of Pinggu County Hospital were limited. When faced with such a serious injury, the doctor didn't even have the ability to debride it.

There was no other way. After the doctor at Pinggu County Hospital performed an emergency disinfection to stop the bleeding, Song Zhilei was transferred to the Public Security Hospital in the city. When he arrived at the Public Security Hospital, Song Zhilei had fainted and woken up from the pain several times.

The doctor at the Public Security Hospital performed an emergency debridement surgery on Song Zhilei, but it was certain that Song Zhilei had no chance of standing on his right leg again. Moreover, the doctor told him coldly that not only could he not stand on his right leg, but he would definitely have to amputate it.

The amputation was because Song Zhilei's right knee had no chance of recovery. The tendons and soft tissues were severely damaged. Even if the wound was debrided and bandaged, there was a high risk of infection. Once the wound became infected, it could very well be fatal.

The reason why the amputation was not performed on the spot was not because there was any possibility of recovery, but because Song Zhilei had lost too much blood. It was not suitable for him to undergo an amputation immediately. The doctor suggested that he rest in the hospital for two days before undergoing an amputation. The amputation plan was five centimeters above the right knee.

Song Zhilei cried and begged the attending doctor, who had a cold expression and voice, to save his right leg. However, the doctor simply told him, "With your current condition, amputation would be unavoidable in any country in the world."

After saying this, the attending doctor added, "You should be thankful that the sniper shot your knee and not your head. Based on the nature of the crime you committed, coupled with the fact that you fled with a gun, killing you on the spot is completely within the law."

Song Zhilei was dumbfounded. He wanted to ask the doctor how he knew so much, but when he saw the poster on the wall, he remembered that this was a Public Security Hospital. The doctor probably already knew what he had done before he even debrided his wound.

The indifferent doctor left, leaving Song Zhilei lying on the hospital bed. Both of his hands were handcuffed to both sides of the bed. Even though his leg was about to be amputated, the police still did not let down their guard against him.

The despair in Song Zhilei's heart was even more intense than when he was dragged from the toilet to the yard by the SWAT officers after he was shot.

When the policeman guarding the door came in, Song Zhilei hurriedly begged him, "Officer, please help me. I want to call my wife. She still doesn't know what happened to me. She's alone with her three children in Australia. I'm worried that she won't be able to contact me. I'm very worried … Please make an exception …"

The young SWAT officer frowned and asked him coldly, "Your wife and children don't know what happened to you?

Then do they know that you kidnapped them for ransom? "

Song Zhilei shook his head subconsciously. "They don't know. I did it all by myself."

The SWAT officer asked him again, "Why didn't you think of your wife and children when you committed the crime?

Now that you've been arrested, you think of your wife and children? "

Song Zhilei wanted to cry but had no tears. He could only beg bitterly, "I was wrong, officer. It's all my fault. I'm willing to bear all the consequences. I just want to ask you for a favor. Let me call my wife …"

At this point, Song Zhilei's tears fell like rain again. He choked and said, "Just let me say goodbye to her personally. Let me tell her not to wait for me and to live a good life with the children …"

Song Zhilei's tears were not an act. When he thought about how he was about to become a disabled person with only one and a half legs and face a lifetime in prison, no matter how selfish he was, he knew that he couldn't endlessly burden his wife and children. Right now, he just wanted to have a chance to persuade them to accept this reality. He wanted them to not care about him or even come back, and to live a good life in Australia.

The SWAT officer shook his head expressionlessly and said, "According to the law, no suspect can contact the outside world without proper approval. As for your wife and children, don't worry. Within 24 hours, the Yanjing Municipal Bureau will take the initiative to contact your relatives and inform them of your arrest. They can hire a lawyer for you. If they are unable to hire a lawyer for you or for other reasons, the prosecution will also appoint a public lawyer to defend you."

As he spoke, the SWAT officer said very seriously, in order to make him give up, "But I'm telling you clearly that even if they return to China now, they won't be able to see you in a short period of time unless the case is announced and you enter the prison period. So don't think about calling them. After you're discharged from the hospital, cooperate with us and explain the facts of your crime. Fighting for an early trial is the fastest way for you to meet or contact your wife and children!"

When Song Zhilei heard this, he almost fainted.

He didn't dare to imagine what it would be like for his wife if she heard from the cold police that he was arrested for kidnapping and extortion.

However, although he didn't dare to imagine it, he knew in his heart that no matter what, he wouldn't be able to have any direct contact with his wife and children in a short period of time. He was afraid that his wife would have to go through the police or the news to understand everything about him. They would definitely be more desperate than he was …

Boss Ma, who was in Hangzhou, also couldn't sleep that night. After suffering for a full 24 hours, he unsurprisingly fell asleep.

He had overestimated himself by challenging Li Mu. He wanted to make a name for himself with one battle, but he didn't expect that he would lose all his dignity in one battle.

Taobao and Le Tao had 16 million yuan. His results were not even a fraction of Li Mu's.

If this was a slap to his face, then the strength of this slap was definitely not from a human hand, but from a f * cking excavator!

Although Le Tao wasn't completely dead, and although he had decided to completely give up on Taobao's B2C model, a failure was a failure. He would remember this failure for the rest of his life.

Once upon a time, he had countless fantasies. If one day he became strong, not only would he make all those who looked down on him, beat him up, and defeat him look at him in a new light, but he would also make them realize that if you ignore me today, tomorrow, I will make you unworthy of me.

This was also one of the core motivations that supported him to move forward. However, right now, he realized that he could no longer continue to use this point on Li Mu to motivate himself.

His opponent was already so strong that he didn't even have the ambition to fantasize. What could be more frustrating than this?

…

Unlike these people who couldn't sleep, after Li Mu received the 8.22 billion yuan sales from Taobao, he returned home exhausted, took a shower, turned off his phone, and slept until the afternoon of the next day.

While Li Mu was sleeping soundly, the media and people in Hua Xia were in an uproar!