Chapter 733

Speaking of building his own logistics brand, Li Mu really didn't have a good solution in such a short time.

Although the company had already been registered as Taobao Industries, Li Mu hadn't taken the time to think about what brand he would use in the future.

In terms of logistics, the most perfunctory way of naming things was to use various "Tong" and various "Da". Shun Feng was homophonic to "Shun Feng". If it wasn't for the fact that it wanted to be big and strong, the name would actually be just that.

Li Mu was suddenly stumped by Liu Shixiong's question. He held his chin and thought about a famous brand name. Not only did it have to be famous in the country, but it also had to be famous or easy to understand in the international logistics market in the future.

After thinking for a long time, there was no conclusion. Liu Shixiong counted his fingers and gave Li Mu a bunch of names such as "Tong", "Da", "Da", and "Su". All of them were mediocre and didn't have any appeal.

Li Mu thought to himself, Brother, you were such an awesome person in your previous life. Why is your logistics brand name so vulgar now? Wasn't your own logistics business quite awesome in your previous life?

What was it called again?

Oh, right, let's call it Jingdong Express (Jingdong Logistics).

Li Mu slapped his thigh. "My brain is really rusty. What's there to think about? Just call it Taobao Logistics. How f * cking awesome is that? In the future, all the heavy trucks, light trucks, and motorized tricycles running on the highways, national highways, city roads, and alleys will all have the same 'Taobao Logistics' painted on them. It will also be a huge advertisement for Taobao Network!"

"Heh."

Liu Shixiong also had a look of realization. "We've been thinking about this for a long time … Taobao Logistics is definitely the most suitable."

Li Mu said, "In Chinese, it's called Taobao Logistics. In English, it's called TB-Express. It's quite easy to say!"

Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "Then it's settled?"

"Alright, it's settled then!"

Li Mu didn't hesitate. Although the logistics company and Taobao were not the same company, they were still the same company. The best solution was to share their brands. Taobao Web and Taobao Logistics could help each other's brands and popularity. Think about the red and white "Jingdong Dog" on the streets in the future. How much brand publicity would it bring to Jingdong?

It was simply a goddamn fortress!

After deciding on the brand name, Li Mu said to Liu Xiaodong, "Senior Brother, logistics is extremely important to our future. If it's done well, not only can it solve our logistics problems, but it can also help our Taobao network greatly. It can help Taobao surpass all of its competitors in terms of hardware, so we need to pay more attention to it. It's best to start from the beginning to the end."

Liu Xiaodong nodded. "Don't worry, this is our top priority. I have a plan in mind."

Li Mu said, "Building a logistics system is an asset heavy project. The capital investment is huge, and there are also a lot of procurement links. You must also ensure that the team is clean. Internal corruption is more important than anything else. We are willing to pay our employees and senior leaders far more than the industry, but they must be focused on their work. If they use methods that harm the company's interests for their own benefit, we must resolutely fight to the end. If the amount of money is too large, we must directly hand it over to the Public Security Bureau. Otherwise, if we nurture a group of internal parasites, we won't be able to fill the gap no matter how much money we have."

Liu Xiaodong also nodded very seriously and said, "Don't worry about this. I personally hate these kinds of people. Once our logistics company is launched, I will specially set up an internal investigation department. Every external transaction will be thoroughly evaluated and investigated to ensure that the team is clean."

Li Mu stretched lazily. "With you here, I'm sure I can rest assured."

As he spoke, Li Mu stood up and stretched a few times. He said to Liu Xiaodong, "It's past two o 'clock. I'll go back and rest first. Don't stay too late. You already have the presale data in your hands, so don't keep staring at it. You have more important things to do next. Make the best use of your time to conserve your energy."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and said, "You've spent a lot of effort on that Juncheng Real Estate these two days, right?"

"You know it too."

Liu Xiaodong said with a smile, "How can I not be focused on such a big thing? They all think that you're doing it for the beauty, but I don't think so. You must be planning a big deal."

Li Mu asked him curiously, "Why do you think so?"

"Intuition tells me that you are definitely the kind of person who won't get up early without benefits."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Can't I just simply save the beauty once?"

Liu Xiaodong smiled slightly and said with certainty, "You will save the beauty, but you won't do it in such a violent way. It's not artistic at all. This doesn't match your character. Tell me, what are you playing at?

Filling the hole in Juncheng Real Estate will cost three billion, right?

How are you going to solve it? "

Li Mu shrugged and said with a smile, "It's already been solved."

"It's already been solved?

How? "

Liu Xiaodong was surprised. Li Mu just took one billion from Wanying Real Estate, and now he solved the problem of three billion. Could it be through Wanying again?

Liu Xiaodong immediately overturned his own conclusion. Impossible, Li Mu wouldn't kill the goose that laid the golden eggs. There was a total of seven billion. If he took four billion, it would have a huge impact on Wanying's future strategy. Most importantly, Li Mu wouldn't cheat his own partner like that.

Li Mu smiled mysteriously, "I'll go home and sleep. You'll know tomorrow!"

…

At 8.30am the next day, the Commercial Bank officially opened for business.

Some observant citizens noticed that there were already a bunch of people waiting at the doors of the Commercial Bank's branches in Beijing even before they opened. They didn't know what was going on.

At 8: 30 am, all the major business halls opened for business. Everyone who was waiting at the entrance immediately queued up and waited at the fund counter without saying a word. Some of the citizens who came to handle other business or to inquire about fund services were also surprised. Everyone queued up in silence. No one knew what they were queuing up for. No one spoke, no one communicated. Even when it was their turn to queue up, the citizens who were handling their business at the counter were very cautious when communicating with the staff. Their voices were very low, and they were almost whispering to each other.

The salesperson's voice was also very soft to ensure that the content of the conversation wouldn't be heard by others. Then, the citizens who had been waiting for a long time took out their wallets and took out cash or bank cards from it. Then, they made some kind of unknown transaction with the salesperson. The citizens who didn't know what was going on were extremely curious. Some bold and curious citizens went up to ask if there was a new fund being sold. However, the citizens and the staff who were asked all shook their heads and denied it. They were also unwilling to disclose the details, which made people confused.

In fact, this group of people were the family and friends of the Bank's employees. They came early in the morning to wait for the "Haitong Real Estate Development" to go online in the Bank's fund trading system.

Even if all the shares had been subscribed internally, the Bank still had to go through the formal process. The fund had to be listed in the Bank's system before it was sold out. Therefore, everyone came early in the morning to wait for the fund to go on sale. Then, they would pay according to the subscription amount they signed up to complete the order.

Old Zhou came very early today. He sat in his office a little after eight o 'clock. He opened the internal back-end of the fund sales system and kept an eye on the movement of the "Haitong Real Estate Development" fund. At 8.30am, the fund was officially launched. Then, all the branches and business counters began to place orders. The amount started from zero and kept increasing. The first roll was 50,000 yuan, the next roll was 130,000 yuan, and the next roll was 290,000 yuan, and the next roll was 580,000 yuan …

In ten minutes, dozens of fund counters had completed the subscription of 30 million yuan.

In 18 minutes, the subscription exceeded 50 million yuan.

Thirty minutes later, at 9 o 'clock sharp, the subscription exceeded 100 million yuan.

The speed of the roll was still increasing.

Breaking 100 million yuan in half an hour made Old Zhou realize that this was a problem of inefficiency at the counter. He immediately instructed the branches:

First, open one or two more counters according to the situation to handle fund business. Anyway, all the employees had been trained and knew how to operate the fund subscription process.

Second, increase the efficiency!

Right now, there was no need to do anything else. All they had to do was swipe their cards, pay, and confirm the purchase. They could save on the other procedures, or they could ask the lobby manager to handle the follow-up procedures at the customer agent counter. In short, speed up, speed up!

It would be ugly if they couldn't handle the 3 billion yuan subscription within a day.

After that, the speed of the subscription increased significantly.

At 10 o 'clock, the subscription exceeded 500 million yuan.

At 11 o 'clock, the subscription exceeded 1 billion yuan.

At 12 o 'clock, the subscription exceeded 2.3 billion yuan.

At lunchtime, more counters were added in the business hall, and they worked overtime. At 12.30am, Old Zhou finally saw ¥3,000,000,000.00 on his backend.

Old Zhou heaved a sigh of relief. That was f * cking awesome. Three billion yuan was sold in one morning!

That was 3 billion yuan!

3 billion yuan!!!

The excited Old Zhou picked up his phone and immediately called Zhao Haichao. "Old Zhao, the 3 billion yuan has been transferred. I will ask the staff to release all the money into your fund company's account. Arrange for the transfer to Li Zong and Young Master Chen as soon as possible."

Zhao Haichao blurted out, "Damn, that's fast!

I thought we would have to wait the whole day for the 3 billion yuan to come in! "

Old Zhou said, "Half of the counters in our branches have been allocated to the fund company in the morning. How can it not be fast!

My side is already very efficient. Don't dawdle when it comes to your side. Hurry up and transfer the money, and it'll be done! "

Zhao Haichao hurriedly said, "Don't worry. After you release the money to me, I will immediately transfer it to Wanying Real Estate."

At that moment, Li Mu was eating at home. Papa Lee and Li Ma had made another sumptuous meal. Wei Lan was also at home with Li Mu. They started eating at 12.30am. Just as they moved their chopsticks, Li Mu received a call from Song Liang.

"Little Mu, the money from the fund company has been transferred."

Li Mu was surprised. He instinctively put down his chopsticks. "So fast?!"

"Yes. Old Zhou and Old Zhao were very cooperative. They put in a lot of effort."

Li Mu nodded and silently put down his chopsticks. He suppressed his excitement and said to Song Liang, "Wait for me. I'll be right there."

After saying that, Li Mu put down his chopsticks and stood up. He lowered his head and smiled. He confidently said to Wei Lan, who was sitting beside him, "Wei Lan, stop eating. Come with me to Wanying!"

Wei Lan was stunned. Before she could react, Li Ma, who was sitting opposite her, frowned and slammed the table. "Why are you going to Wanying?

You brat, you're not going anywhere until you eat! "

"Oh …" Li Mu's confidence instantly dissipated. He sat back on the dining chair and obediently grabbed his chopsticks and wolfed down his food …