Chapter 1647

Li Ziwei did have a bad feeling about this.

She was afraid that the news of the dog's Weibo auction would cause too much of a commotion. It would give people the impression that Li Mu was very greedy for money. In that case, it would attract some anti-fans to Li Mu, and it might even become a stain on his reputation.

However, Li Mu did not seem to care about this. He laughed and said to Li Ziwei, "First of all, the best way to attract attention is not to make a big commotion, but also to arouse other people's arguments and misunderstandings. Only in this way will people stand from different perspectives, and even stand on the independent side and have a confrontation. Only by confrontation can this topic be heated up. So, from this point of view, don't be afraid of the outside world's doubts. On the contrary, you should welcome the outside world's doubts."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "Secondly, convert all the positive energy and negative energy into positive energy. This is what an awesome operator should do. So, on this basis, I hope that more negative energy will burst out, because this energy will be quickly converted by us."

Li Ziwei asked curiously, "What do you mean by conversion?"

Speaking of this, Li Mu smiled mysteriously and said, "You'll know after the auction is over."

On the way back, the online auction started at nine o 'clock in the evening in Beijing.

The official Weibo Weibo also began to push this unprecedented news to all users.

The Weibo Titter users were still following the craze of Li Gou 'zi's Weibo. Then, they found out that Li Gou' zi's Weibo had started the auction, and it was even broadcast live. So, everyone clicked on the details and was shocked by the auction page.

The starting price was five million US dollars?

This amount of money was an astronomical figure to netizens in any country in the world. However, a dog that had just registered on Weibo for a day could actually auction his Weibo promotion resources at a starting price of five million US dollars. This was simply incredible.

What was even more incredible was that there were actually ten companies willing to participate in the auction, and they paid the deposit and were ready to fight at any time. This was even more incomprehensible.

The more incomprehensible it was, the easier it was to attract close attention.

Therefore, thousands of netizens began to watch this unprecedented online auction.

As soon as the auction system prompted the start of the auction, a British pet brand was the first to offer a starting price of five million US dollars. After that, the price did not stop at all and began to rise rapidly from the starting point of five million US dollars.

All the companies participating in the auction were like gamblers in the opening stage of the game. Everyone went round after round, clicking on the bid. The price was in units of 100,000 US dollars, and it kept increasing. In a few minutes, it had exceeded the barrier of 8 million US dollars.

No one was willing to give up this opportunity easily, because if they missed it, it was very likely that their opponents would surpass them or widen the gap between them.

In less than 10 minutes, the highest bid had exceeded 10 million USD, and the one who made the bid was Canada Desire.

When it reached 10 million US dollars, the minimum bid was 200,000 US dollars. At this time, several smaller companies had basically given up. Several large companies still refused to budge despite the sky-high price of 10 million US dollars. The weaker companies weighed their own capabilities. At this time, they could no longer afford to keep up, so they could only give up.

Fortunately, this was different from Zha Jinhua. Zha Jinhua folded midway, and all the bids had to be kept. Here, as long as they stopped bidding, they wouldn't have to pay a single cent, and they would be able to watch the entire game as an onlooker.

After the price exceeded 10 million US dollars, Mars obviously did not have the patience to continue bidding like this. They directly raised the price to 12 million US dollars.

Mars thought that by directly increasing the price by more than one million US dollars, they could scare off other competitors with their determination to win, but they ignored the determination of other competitors to win.

The British company that followed up with the bid did not play by the rules, and directly increased the price to 13 million US dollars.

At this time, this auction had become a hot topic all over the world. Netizens from all over the world were paying attention to this incredible auction, especially the netizens from Hua Xia. They could hardly believe that the price of Li Gouzi's 12 Weibo posts had already reached a sky-high price of more than 100 million RMB. Oh, no, it was the price of the universe …

However, from the perspective of the onlookers, they could not tell who these ten companies were. This was because Li Mu had specifically asked for their company names to be blocked, so that they would not advertise for nothing.

At this time, what Mars did not expect was that Desire suddenly changed tactics. They did not hesitate and directly increased the price by two million US dollars on the base price of 13 million US dollars, opening a new high of 15 million US dollars.

When this price came out, the entire Internet was in an uproar.

At this time, the attitudes of the netizens began to gradually diverge.

Some people began to criticize on the Internet, saying, "Li Mu has countless ways to make money. He's about to become the richest man in the world, but he's still not satisfied. He even wants to use a dog to make money. I think this person has fallen into a money hole."

Such comments emerged all at once. For these angry netizens, the amount of money that Li Mu made in a very short time using a dog was something that they would not even dare to hope for in a few lifetimes. It was indeed easy to arouse the hatred of the rich among some netizens.

However, hatred of the rich could not stop the rich from continuing to make money.

The auction was still ongoing.

Mars was determined to win this auction, but Desire directly increased the price by two million US dollars. This gave them a bad feeling.

Immediately, Mars began to fight back. Just as the other companies raised the price to 16 million US dollars, Mars directly threw out a shocking price tag of 20 million US dollars. While it shocked the other companies, it also stunned the world's netizens.

The starting price of 5 million US dollars had risen to 20 million US dollars in just ten minutes?

Was this a game of Monopoly?

Was money really not money?

Almost none of the ordinary users could understand why such a thing had happened.

However, in the eyes of the world's netizens and media people, the price tag of 20 million US dollars was like seeing a 20-megaton nuclear bomb explode. It released a huge amount of energy that made the whole world tremble.

The netizens and media people saw an extremely terrifying situation from this. What they saw was the huge profit margin behind Weibo Titter.

These companies were willing to spend such a huge amount of money to buy Li Gou 'zi's Weibo advertisement, which proved that they were extremely convinced of Li Gou' zi's influence on Weibo. There was no recognition more practical than the recognition of money.

If Li Gou could use his influence on Weibo to make money, then other people with a large number of fans could definitely do the same.

Perhaps they didn't have the ability to earn tens of millions of dollars like Li Gouzi, but even if it was only a few tens of thousands of dollars, it was already a huge amount of wealth for people at this stage. Therefore, Weibo Titter would definitely become a highly profitable media platform in the future. Everyone could become a media that attracted the attention of people here, and they could also convert attention here into cash.

The threshold of traditional media was high, and the threshold of monetization was even higher. Ordinary people could not even become media, so naturally, it was even more impossible for them to cash in with media attention. However, Weibo Titter gave them such an opportunity. If a dog could create a media that was closely followed by tens of millions of people, why couldn't humans?

When the netizens and media people were the first to realize this, the auction continued.

On the webpage, the price tag of $20,000,000.00 shocked everyone's visual nerves. After a moment of silence, the page began to enter the final countdown.

"$20,000,000.00 going once …"

"$20,000,000.00 going twice …"

The constantly flashing amount and round was particularly exciting. Mars felt that its bid of 20 million US dollars was enough to drive away all competitors.

However, he did not expect that the price on the webpage would suddenly change when the last countdown was about to begin.

$20,000,000.00 became $20,000,020.00!

Thirst made its move!

In front of Mars, Thirst was not considered an oligarch. However, Thirst knew very well that if he could withstand this, the gap between him and Mars would be further narrowed. However, if he backed down this time, the gap between him and Mars would only get bigger and bigger.

What was placed in front of Desire and Mars was a multiple-choice question. Whoever seized this opportunity would be able to run a long way forward alone. Whoever failed to seize this opportunity would only be able to watch their opponent run a long way forward.

Although Thirst only added 200,000 US dollars, they added 200,000 US dollars to the base price of 20 million US dollars, showing how determined they were.

Mars followed without hesitation and directly increased the price to 21 million US dollars.

Thirst added another 200,000 US dollars, becoming 21.2 million US dollars.

Mars gritted its teeth and stomped its feet as it once again raised the price to a new million US dollars. 22 million US dollars!

Thirst waited for the countdown to begin again.

The entire management gathered in front of the secretary's computer. They were so nervous that their palms were sweating and their hearts were beating like drums.

To add or not to add was the biggest question in front of Thirst.

If they added, it would be at least 22.2 million US dollars. To them, this was almost equivalent to throwing away half a year's worth of profits.

If they did not add, how much could Mars gain with 22 million US dollars?

At this time, another senior management of Thirst was watching the live webpage live from another perspective on Titter. Just as the countdown was about to begin again, and the other management were still hesitating, he suddenly shouted, "The number of people following this topic has exceeded 35 million!

There are 35 million netizens around the world following this unprecedented auction from different time zones. If we win, not only will we get the attention of Li Mu and Li Gouzi's fans, we will also get the attention of these 35 million users!

Now, all of our companies participating in the auction have hidden their full names in front of these 35 million users. However, think about it, if we win in the end, Titter will definitely announce our names. This is equivalent to us receiving another strong global promotion! "

Thirst's CEO suddenly felt a sense of clarity. He had actually neglected this matter. It seemed that the exposure contained in this auction was much higher than he had expected!

Therefore, he instantly shouted, "Directly raise the price to 23 million US dollars!

I want Mars to be nervous! "

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile