Chapter 339

In fact, for the three dominant Internet companies in the future, the anger of netizens was meaningless. So many people scolded Teng Xun every year, but Teng Xun's income was still rising steadily. It would even be the most profitable game company in the world for many years in the future. People had long been used to scolding Teng Xun while playing games operated by Teng Xun on QQ and WeChat. The more they scolded, the more they would recharge.

It was the same for Ali. Netizens said that Taobao had mountains of fake products, but the more fake they were, the more people bought them. A lot of people couldn't stop them from buying fake products. They were so angry that they couldn't eat for a day. The next day, they had to shop, buy, and chop their hands.

It was the same for Baidu. During the day, they had just scolded Baidu for advertising Putian Hospital. At night, they continued to use pirated novels and movies.

This was the netizens. It was precisely this characteristic of netizens who only scolded but did not resist that caused a strange circle to appear in domestic Internet companies. If no one scolded them, they would not make money. If they made money, they would be scolded to the sky.

Because of this, Teng Xun did not care about the public anger against QQ Fisheries this time. They only looked at the data of QQ Fisheries and saw that the number of users was increasing. They would not care about the scolding of others.

The number of users of QQ Fisheries continued to increase. At seven o 'clock in the evening, it began to reach another growth peak. The total number of online users also continued to increase. However, at eight o' clock in the evening, this growth rate suddenly slowed down.

The reason was very simple. The latest version of Happy Farm was about to be released!

Guo Haiming was also staring at the new version of Makino Technology's Happy Farm. Originally, he did not care about this so-called new version. He was going to release the latest version within eleven hours of him logging into QQ Fisheries. What good things could come out of it?

It was impossible to make any changes in such a short period of time.

All the colleagues in QQ Fisheries were also paying close attention to the movements of Happy Farm, for fear that Happy Farm would take out some hidden trump card and suddenly break their victory. Guo Haiming comforted everyone in front of everyone. "Don't worry, everyone. It is impossible for Makino Technology to make any big changes in such a short period of time. Our QQ Fisheries is doing so well. In my opinion, it will only take us a week at most to catch up with Happy Farm in terms of registered users and online users. If we are fast, we can catch up with Happy Farm in three days!"

In three days, Teng Xun would surpass Happy Farm, which was already a miracle. If it really happened, then Teng Xun would create an even more amazing miracle. Guo Haiming's confidence and optimism infected everyone, and everyone burst out with fighting spirit like gladiators. No one took the initiative to get off work, waiting to see the QQ fishery continue to create miracles.

Guo Haiming looked at the time. It was 7: 40 pm. Originally, they would get off work at 6 pm, but no one in the department left. He couldn't help but say, "Except for those who will stay to work overtime, the others can go back and have a good rest."

Those colleagues who were not asked to work overtime said one after another, "We want to witness the success of QQ Fisheries. Not only do we have to wait for the new version of Happy Farm to be released, but we also have to wait until 9 pm, because that is the time when QQ Fisheries will be online for twelve hours. We all want to see with our own eyes what kind of miracles we create in twelve hours!"

Seeing that everyone was so united, Guo Haiming laughed and said, "Everyone, today is just the beginning. We will create miracles later."

With that, he stood up, took out his wallet, took out a thousand yuan, and handed it to his assistant, saying, "Go to the Hong Kong-style restaurant opposite our building and order some food and tea. Try to make it as sumptuous as possible."

The assistant took the money, waved the cash in his hand, and said loudly to the colleagues around him, "Everyone, Director Zhou will treat you to tea!

Tell me what you want to eat and I'll order it! "

The colleagues in the entire department were even more excited and cheered excitedly.

At this time, Brother Ma walked in and asked everyone with a smile, "Why are you so happy?"

Guo Haiming's assistant said with a smile, "Boss Ma, Director Guo said that he will treat you to dinner."

Brother Ma nodded and said with a smile, "QQ Fisheries has achieved such good results. He should treat everyone to dinner. Everyone, work hard this week. I will treat your entire department to a big meal on Friday!"

Everyone cheered again. Guo Haiming asked Brother Ma with a smile, "Boss Ma, are you still working?"

"Not yet."

Brother Ma said, "I came to see how you are doing. Also, didn't Happy Farm say that it will be updated at eight o 'clock? I want to see it."

Guo Haiming nodded, looked at the Omega watch on his wrist, and said, "There are still ten minutes …"

…

Many users of Happy Farm were also waiting for the update of Happy Farm at this moment. They wanted to know what kind of changes Makino Technology would bring to the game in such a short period of time.

As soon as it was eight o 'clock, almost all the users, competitors, and peers in the industry refreshed Happy Farm in front of their computers. They couldn't wait to see what kind of changes Makino Technology could bring this time.

Happy Farm was originally a god-level game, but unfortunately, it was followed by Teng Xun, the only one who had the ability to operate this kind of game. At this critical moment, if Makino Technology could continue to be amazing and make another major update, it would probably create a real legend. Moreover, there was a chance that QQ Fisheries would die prematurely. However, if this update was all bark and no bite, it would have no real meaning to the players. It would be a bit messy and it would be difficult to win QQ Fisheries in the future.

At this moment, at eight o 'clock sharp, countless curious users refreshed and reloaded the game materials. They immediately found that the game had a new system prompt. However, at this time, no one had realized what kind of changes Makino Technology would bring to this game.

The users first found that there was a cartoon station at the gate of their farm with four red post-it notes. After clicking on them, they found that they were four orders. These four orders all came from the system, but the system described the four orders in an anthropomorphic way. For example, the first task that some users saw was that the flour mill in the town needed 50 units of wheat, 20 units of corn, and 10 units of sweet potatoes. The order was valid for 8 hours, and the reward was 1,200 gold coins, 150 EXP, a random item, and 5 point vouchers.

The users who often played this game figured out how cost-effective this task was. First of all, if the same unit of goods was sold to the system, it could only be sold for less than 700 gold coins. The system gave 1,200 gold coins, which was equivalent to more than 80%, which was very tempting. What was more, 150 EXP was also very rare. One could only get about 10 EXP by planting crops on a piece of land for an hour. Therefore, it was more cost-effective to get 150 EXP by selling things.

As for the random item, it was easy to understand. A game item was randomly given, but the point voucher was a little confusing. What was a point voucher?

At this time, the point voucher on the interface flashed. The user clicked on it, and the introduction of the point voucher immediately popped up. It turned out that the point voucher was also a kind of game currency, but it was a separate system. It was different from gold coins and RMB. It was equivalent to the whole game having three sets of game currency rules. As for what the point voucher could be used for, there would be further introduction.

Clicking on the next step, the introduction of the Hound appeared. How to buy a kennel, how to buy a dog, what the dog was used for, how to feed it, and everything was presented in great detail in front of the players.

The players at Happy Farm went crazy!

Oh my god, the game suddenly seemed to be much more interesting!

They could do missions, get more gold coins, experience, items, and even have a Hound. Everyone had been worrying about others stealing their vegetables all day long. Now that they had a Hound, it was simply too awesome!

Not only could it reduce the success rate and number of vegetables stolen by their friends who came to steal their vegetables, they could also bite off their gold coins. It was practically a divine weapon!

While everyone was overjoyed, they saw the next hint. The hints were all connected, and the next step was back to the original train station. It introduced that they could accept quests at the train station, and by accepting quests, they could obtain a special currency, the Point Voucher. Now, it was time to talk about how to complete the quests at the train station.

In theory, anyone could do the train station mission, but the key was that if they wanted to do this mission, they first had to buy a truck that belonged to them.

The most basic truck could be bought with game gold coins. One truck cost 58888 gold coins. Even though it was a little expensive, with its ability to earn money, they would be able to earn it back in a few days. Besides, there were also experience, items, and point vouchers.

So, almost all the players who had more than 58888 gold coins in their accounts bought the truck at the first moment.

After buying the truck, the blue truck drove to the train station. The scene was very cartoony and interesting. When the truck arrived at the train station, a notification popped up, telling them that they could start a new mission. But at that moment, an item suddenly flashed on the screen. Beside the farm train station, the image of a small wooden container appeared. The small container was flashing with a golden light, attracting the attention of all the players. At that moment, the system popped up again. "Do you know?

From now on, you can put your items on the shelves in the container and sell them to your friends. Or, you can go to the container of your friends and buy what you need. "

When the user clicked on the wooden container, they would see that the screen had two layers of boxes. Each layer had five boxes, for a total of ten. The user could click on any of the boxes, and they would be able to display any of the items in their warehouse. The number of items in each box could not exceed twenty. In other words, a maximum of twenty items could be placed in the store.

Other than that, the user could also customize the price of the item. However, there was a limit to the price range. The highest price could only be 150% of the system's recycling price, and the lowest price could be 1 gold coin.

Apart from the items that could not be traded, the rest could be traded. At the bottom of the container, there was a series of small avatars and nicknames. These were all the user's friends. The user could click on any of their avatars and directly enter their container to see what they were selling.

At that moment, almost all the players cheered excitedly. This way, the game was much more fun!

Not only did they have quests and hunting dogs, but the most important thing was that the relationship between the players and their friends had strengthened a lot. In the past, friends could only secretly buy food and help each other. It was impossible for them to have deeper interactions. Now, it was different. Friends could help each other. If they needed something for a quest, you could give it to me. If you needed something, I could give it to you. If you needed something, I could give it to you. Or, if neither of us needed something, we could even help each other out when shopping in our friend's store.

Boys and girls playing this game no longer had to worry about not having a chance to show off. If the goddess needed something, they could immediately put it up for sale at the lowest price. Then, the goddess could buy it back at the price of one gold coin. This would quickly help the goddess increase her experience, level, and funds. They could also help each other out.

The Makino Technology Department was currently surrounded by the entire company. Everyone was staring at the statistics of the new version of the game. At 8: 10 am, ten minutes after the new version was released, more than a million of the 58888 small trucks had been bought. After all, this was a game with more than ten million daily active users. At this time, there were more than two million online players. There were still hundreds of thousands of people who had not bought a small truck. More than 90% of them did not have enough gold coins.

Therefore, the game suddenly became lively!

Users who had the money to buy a car immediately started to do quests. Now, everyone's station only had four quests at the same time. The quests would be updated every eight hours. In other words, if the user did not complete a quest within eight hours, then all the quests would be redistributed after eight hours. The quests that were not completed would be equivalent to a waste.

Users who did not have the money to buy a car began to sell all sorts of things. They brought everything in the warehouse to the shop to sell. They even began to look for their friends to help them earn some money. Although the game could not directly allow users to trade gold coins with each other, players could sell things to their friends at a low price, and their friends would then sell them back at the original price. This might seem like a bug, but it was a backdoor that Li Mu had deliberately left for the players. It gave them the psychological satisfaction of bypassing the rules.

Other than doing quests and saving money to buy a car, users also received free trial hounds. However, there was a problem. Dogs needed kennels. Kennels were very cute and had many styles to choose from. The cheapest one cost 6,888 gold coins, and the most expensive super luxurious kennel even cost 200,000 gold coins. Therefore, some users with gold coins immediately bought kennels and successfully received trial hounds. The pressure on those who did not have money was like a mountain. They worked hard to grow vegetables, sell things, look for help from friends, and save money to buy cars and kennels.

Such a major change caused the nature of the game to completely change. The entire Happy Farm was like boiling water, boiling with excitement!