Chapter 114

For university students, military training was indeed quite a physical challenge. The entire morning and afternoon was used to train basic skills such as military posture and forward steps. Anyone would feel tired and annoyed. Coupled with the instructor's stern and somewhat ferocious expression, the feeling of irritation would be even more intense.

But in the evening, this kind of mood would be relieved. The whole field was in a circle with each class as a unit. The instructors also put down the airs they had during daytime training and led the students to sing the military song. Occasionally, they would compete with the next class to see whose voice was louder.

Sometimes, the young drill instructors had a childish heart. Hearing that the next class was practicing, the drill instructors secretly taught the students some slogans to make trouble for their opponents. For example, "Let's sing for the masses. If you don't sing, I will sing.

If you want to sing, we will sing loudly. If we don't sing well, please forgive us! "

For example, "Class X is really unhappy. You can't sing well. If you don't want to sing, don't force yourself. Why don't you go and stand guard?"

This kind of hard work in the day and fun in the night was very interesting.

Since the first day of military training, Li Mu followed Xue Jianfeng to the school gym. The National People's Congress had a gym. Not only did it have a gym, but it also had an indoor basketball court, a table tennis court, a swimming pool, and even a taekwondo hall. However, most of these places were not open to students for free. Although a few of them were free, they still needed to apply in advance.

Li Mu applied for an annual fitness card and a swimming card. Every day, he came to practice for 30 minutes to an hour. But after the practice, he would take a break and go to the swimming pool for a few laps.

Xue Jianfeng was a non-swimmer. He didn't even know how to dog-paddle, so he didn't follow Li Mu.

This kind of life went on for a few days. Finally, the five people in the dormitory noticed something unusual.

After a few days of military training, everyone's skin was damaged to varying degrees under the sun. Some were tanned, some were red, and some had their necks burned. Only Li Mu looked normal, except for a slight change in his skin color.

Under the questioning of several people, Li Mu revealed his secret of secretly wearing sunscreen. Then, under the pressure of everyone, he contributed the sunscreen he bought. As for the bottle given by Su Yingxue, he never thought of sharing it with the others in the dormitory.

Therefore, the people in Dorm 606 were no longer reserved. Before military training, they would apply sunscreen all over their faces, necks, and shoulders. Sometimes, two people would even help each other apply sunscreen, for fear that they would miss any spots.

This monotonous but extraordinarily fulfilling life lasted until the morning of September 12th.

That morning, thousands of freshmen who were preparing to participate in military training woke up early and went to the cafeteria for breakfast. The televisions hanging in the corner of the cafeteria were all playing the morning special news. Last night at 8: 40 pm, which was 8: 40 am US time on September 11th, the world-shocking September 11th terrorist attack broke out in the United States.

Like thousands of university students around him, Li Mu surrounded the television and looked up to see the tragic scene when the World Trade Center was hit by a plane, but he wasn't surprised at all.

There were many in-depth analysis and conspiracy theories about 9/11. Many people believed that the attitude of the US government toward 9/11 was the same as the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Li Mu didn't comment, nor did he want to find out whether it was true or not. Although he was reborn, he was still a commoner. Although he wasn't an indifferent person, he wouldn't take responsibility for social emotions and responsibilities. He didn't dare to touch an event like 9/11 that shook the world, so he just watched it.

While Li Mu mourned for the innocent people who lost their lives on 9/11, he also felt a little ashamed that 9/11 had strengthened his vision for the future.

The world was still moving according to its original path. The only thing that was different was himself. To him, the world was like a pool of water. The wind was moving it, the fish were also moving it, but everything was following the originally set path. Only with the stone of fate in his hand could he create waves in the pool. The only problem was whether he had the ability to make the stone in his hand grow bigger and bigger.

The areas that he didn't touch would definitely not change because of his rebirth. For example, the war in Afghanistan next month would definitely start again. At the end of the year, Microsoft would definitely launch the Windows XP operating system that would later dominate the Internet for many years. There were also countless major events in the future. They were destined to happen, and they would definitely happen.

In the next few days, the 9/11 incident and the impact it brought became the focus of the world's attention. Every day after military training, walking on campus, there would always be many people discussing it. Some people talked about the scene when the plane hit the World Trade Center, they would excitedly dance and spit everywhere, as if they had a deep hatred for the Americans. When Li Mu saw this kind of person, he would silently curse in his heart that they were inhumane, then turn his face away and ignore them.

The hot topic of 9/11 continued on a global scale. But for this group of freshmen who worked like dogs every day, it had long become something that was outdated. Because the military training was still going on, they had to bear the sun and break their legs during the day. When it got dark, they still had to scream at the top of their lungs. All the students used their voices so much that the throat lozenges and plasters around the school were always out of stock.

These days, Li Mu almost didn't go online. He wanted to install an internet cable in the dormitory, but the school had a clear rule that freshmen's dormitory was not allowed to use the internet before the military training. So if he wanted to go online in the dormitory, he had to wait until the military training was over.

Since the day he came to Yanjing with his laptop, it had been sealed in his cabinet until now.

During this period, Li Mu went to the internet cafe with a few people from his dormitory to play twice. Li Mu logged into his mailbox and saw that Jack Zhou had quoted him a price a few days ago. Baidu's intention was: if the acquisition was a package, they would pay 15 million. If it was financing, the valuation was 10 million. They wanted 20% of Series A, which meant that they would invest 2 million and hold 20% of the shares.

Li Mu knew that the package valuation was higher than 5 million. This was to lure him to directly show off his glove. Although he had only been working on this project for less than two months, he had at least come up with a product model that would be worth at least a few billion in the future. Wasn't it bullshit to only give a valuation of 10 million?

So he directly replied with two words, "No way."

Then he went to play CS with his roommates.

The people from Baidu didn't expect Li Mu to reject the 15 million offer so directly. Although they very much agreed with the operation model of Easy Listening and Tieba, especially the future prospects of Tieba, this was a very young project after all. It had only been in operation for two months. The estimated cost would not even exceed 500,000. With so much time and so little cost, anyone would consider exchanging for 15 million, right?

Why was the other party's attitude so resolute?

After Jack Zhou asked the leader for instructions, he sent another email to Li Mu. "Baidu can give a purchase price of 15 million after tax. After all, the tax rate for the transfer of shares is more than 20%.