Chapter 1200

For Harvard President Lawrence, the person he missed the most during this time was Li Mu, who had once conquered the entire Harvard.

Ever since Li Mu's unprecedented sensational speech, the entire Harvard and even the United States regarded Li Mu as their spiritual leader. That speech not only made Li Mu famous around the world, but it also benefited Harvard a lot.

After that, Harvard became the partner of 3321 in the United States. Now, with the cooperation of the 3321 team and the Harvard team, 3321 was about to be officially launched in the United States. This made Harvard receive a lot of praise from public opinion in the United States. Lawrence was also praised by the board of directors because of this.

This time, when Lawrence learned that Li Mu actually came to the United States, he almost immediately became excited. All he could think of was how to invite Li Mu, the great god, to Harvard again.

In the face of Lawrence's invitation, Li Mu was also very embarrassed.

He originally wanted to go to Cambridge, where Harvard was located, to see Su Yingxue, and if the time allowed, to see Mark Zuckerberg again. However, all of this had to be done in a low-key manner. Now that his whereabouts were exposed, he was afraid that he could not keep a low profile even if he wanted to.

Li Mu originally did not want to expose the first half of his trip to the United States.

He originally wanted to come to the United States in a low-key manner first, then confirm with 3M and Honeywell about the protective materials needed for SARS, and then find time to go to Cambridge to see Su Yingxue. After these things were done, he could fly to Los Angeles and make a public appearance in Hollywood.

The reason why he wanted to make a public appearance in Hollywood was that Li Mu wanted to hold a press conference with Spielberg to announce to the world that Makino Image and DreamWorks were working together on the Flying Tigers film and television project. This film was of great significance to Li Mu, so he had to make a public appearance to strengthen the momentum of this film.

However, Li Mu did not expect that he had negotiated a 200-million-dollar deal in Silicon Valley. Moreover, the scale of the cooperation with Coca-Cola was so large that the news naturally could not be hidden.

Right now, the whole world knew that Li Mu was in the United States and had just negotiated a huge contract with Coca-Cola. His whereabouts would definitely be closely monitored by the American media. From now on, it would be impossible for him to hide his whereabouts no matter where he wanted to go. The possibility of him sneaking to Cambridge City was almost zero.

Li Mu was very clear about the powerful digging ability of the American media. They would definitely be able to find his entry records through the customs and then find the registration number of the business jet he rented. As long as they had the registration number, they would be able to check all the records of where the plane took off and entered the United States and which cities it flew through. Moreover, as long as the plane had a departure plan, the moment the plan was submitted to the air traffic control, the media would already know his itinerary plan.

At that time, he was afraid that a large number of reporters would swarm into Boston Airport before he even took off from San Francisco, waiting for him to land.

It was already a fool's dream to deceive people. Li Mu could only take the opportunity to accept Lawrence's invitation and said to him, "President Lawrence, thank you for your invitation, and thank you for the enthusiasm of the students at Harvard. I think I should be able to find some time to go to Harvard."

“Really？”

Lawrence was immediately ecstatic and blurted out, "Give me a time, I'll go to Boston Airport to meet you!"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "There's no need to be so troublesome. My time may be a little tight this time, mainly to meet you and the other people in charge of Harvard to reminisce about the old days, and also to greet our 3321 team at the same time."

As he spoke, Li Mu asked him again, "Oh right, Lawrence, my alma mater has a group of exchange students with Harvard. Help me arrange a private meeting with them while you're at it."

When Lawrence heard that Li Mu refused to give a speech, he was a little disappointed and couldn't help but instigate, "The students are very supportive of you. Everyone hopes that you can give them another speech. Do you think you can spare an hour or two to give another speech to everyone?"

Li Mu refused almost without thinking, "There's no need for a speech. After all, my experience and experience is an example. If I tell everyone too much, it's easy to mislead them."

Lawrence was still unwilling to give up and said tentatively, "Why don't you spare ten or twenty minutes to tell everyone about the case of Makino Technology winning the 200 million USD marketing fee for Coca-Cola this time? Now the entire Harvard is talking about this matter."

Li Mu said, "Regarding this cooperation, there will be official news soon. It's not convenient for me to disclose too much about the specifics."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu's voice became serious and he said, "Alright, Lawrence, stop trying to instigate me. If you don't stop talking, I'll only go to Cambridge and call the 3321 team and the exchange students from my alma mater to meet them. I won't even enter the gates of Harvard."

When Lawrence heard this, he immediately dispelled the idea of continuing to persuade Li Mu. He hurriedly said, "Li, please don't be angry. I won't mention the speech again. Everything will go according to your wishes. Is that okay?"

Li Mu grunted and said straightforwardly, "Okay, then that's it. I'll go there tomorrow morning."

"So fast?!

Okay, then I'll start preparing immediately! "

Lawrence didn't expect that Li Mu would actually come as soon as he said so. In fact, for Li Mu, Harvard was his target before he came to the United States. Now that the matter of his protective materials had been settled, there were only two stops left, Harvard and Hollywood.

Moreover, the cooperation with Coca-Cola had delayed his schedule by a few days. Therefore, Li Mu now had to speed up and make a trip to Harvard before flying directly from Harvard to Los Angeles.

…

Harvard University's International Student Restaurant.

At this moment, Su Yingxue was having lunch with a female classmate from the National People's Congress who was an exchange student with her. They had been in the United States for some time, and the two girls couldn't get used to having three meals a day with American-style food. Therefore, they basically had to eat at the International Student Restaurant every day.

The International Student Restaurant was specially prepared by Harvard for overseas students. There were chefs from all over the world who served different styles of food from all over the world. When Hua Xia students first came to the United States, they usually didn't come here. However, once they got tired of American food, they basically stayed here and never went out again. This was because they could eat relatively authentic Hua Xia food here, especially the main course where they could eat fragrant steamed buns and rice.

Su Yingxue ordered a bowl of Kung Pao Chicken on rice. After eating half of it, she happily drank the seaweed and egg drop soup that Chef Hua Xia had given her. She said to the girl sitting opposite her, "The chef's soup is really delicious. The taste of the seaweed is especially fragrant. It feels like home."

The girl sitting opposite her asked, "Yingxue, you grew up by the sea, right?"

"Yes." Su Yingxue nodded.

"No wonder."

The girl stuck out her tongue and said, "I don't like the fishy taste of the seaweed. The Hu La Soup in my hometown is still better. It's a pity that this chef doesn't know how to make it."

With that, the girl said to Su Yingxue, "By the way, Yingxue, let's go to Boston's Chinatown this weekend and see if we can find a restaurant that can make Hu La Soup."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Okay. I haven't been to Boston for so long. I'll go and have a look this weekend."

As the two were chatting, a young and fashionable girl, Hua Xia, sat next to Su Yingxue with a plate in her hand. She said with a smile, "Hey, Yingxue, Ruirui, when did you two come?"

Su Yingxue and the girl sitting opposite her looked up at the same time. Seeing that it was an acquaintance, they both gave the fashionable girl a smile. Then, Su Yingxue said to her, "We've been here for a long time. We've almost finished eating. Why are you so late today?"

The fashionable girl sat down next to Su Yingxue and sighed softly. She said, "I went to apply for a job. I've been busy since 10 o 'clock in the morning. I've just finished the interview."

"Apply for a job?!"

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "Xiaoxiao, you're only a sophomore this year. You've already started looking for a job?"

The girl called Xiaoxiao was the goddess in the hearts of all the Chinese students at Harvard, Zhen Xiaoxiao. Before Su Yingxue came, she was the most beautiful Asian girl in the eyes of the Chinese students at Harvard. However, after Su Yingxue came, the Chinese students also put Su Yingxue in the same position as her and worshipped Su Yingxue as a goddess. However, this did not cause conflict between the two girls. On the contrary, the two quickly became friends at Harvard.

Facing Su Yingxue's question, Zhen Xiaoxiao explained, "I'm not looking for a job. I want to apply to be a volunteer for Harvard's 3321. Isn't 3321's American station about to start soon? The school wants to recruit 10 volunteers to participate in the future operation of the platform. I think this is particularly meaningful, so I want to join."

The girl sitting opposite Su Yingxue was called Chen Zirui. When she heard that Zhen Xiaoxiao wanted to be a volunteer for 3321, she couldn't help but ask curiously, "Xiaoxiao, how was your interview?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao shook her head and said, "I don't know the results, but I don't think it's very optimistic."

"Really?"

Chen Zirui couldn't help but exclaim, "You are the recognized Asian goddess at Harvard. If you go to apply for a volunteer position, they should welcome you with open arms and legs, right?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao smiled bitterly and said, "Ruirui, don't tease me. The person in charge of the volunteer recruitment is James Keane, the president of the Student Union of Harvard Graduate School. Although that guy wears a suit all day long and looks like a gentleman, he actually looks down on Asian students in his bones. This time, he was in charge of the volunteer recruitment interview. Almost all the Asian students who participated in the interview today were killed by him for various reasons."

Su Yingxue hurriedly asked, "What about you?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao shrugged her shoulders and said, "I'm the only Asian student who passed the first round."

Chen Zirui hurriedly asked, "How many Asian students participated in the interview?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao thought for a moment and said, "About 300!"

Su Yingxue said in surprise, "So many people?"

Zhen Xiaoxiao nodded and said, "Because the Asian students all worship Li Mu, so everyone is very concerned about 3321's American station. They especially want to participate. And among these 300 people, at least 230 are Hua Xia students or Chinese students."