Chapter 1161

Li Mu didn't expect that Zhao Ziqiu's mother would call him to ask him to leave Shenzhen.

Under normal circumstances, even as an elder, she wouldn't make such a request for no reason. Moreover, it was at such a sensitive time, so Li Mu almost instantly concluded that Zhao Ziqiu's mother must know something.

Li Mu pretended to be puzzled and asked, "Auntie, I don't understand what you mean. Is there a problem for me to stay in Shenzhen?"

Xie Yun didn't intend to hide it from Li Mu, so she directly said, "I heard from your Uncle Zhao that there's a serious infectious disease in Shenzhen recently, and it's very likely to develop into an epidemic. It's quite dangerous, so I hope you can leave Shenzhen during this period of time, so as not to increase the risk for yourself."

As she spoke, Xie Yun added, "By the way, Ziqiu's holiday is coming soon. If you have nothing to do recently, you can both come to Hangzhou. When the New Year's holiday is over, you two can go back to Yan Jing together. It's better not to stay in Shenzhen."

Li Mu tentatively asked, "Auntie, even if there's a little flu, it shouldn't be a big problem, right?"

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "I heard from your Uncle Zhao that it's very serious this time, so it's better to be cautious!"

As she spoke, Xie Yun added, "In my opinion, why don't you come to Hangzhou to rest for a few days? Your uncle has been talking about having a drink with you for a long time."

Zhao Xianliang frowned and protested in a very low voice, "When did I talk about him?"

Xie Yun rolled her eyes at him and gave him another punch. She warned in a low voice, "Don't talk!"

Zhao Xianliang curled his lips and didn't speak anymore. On the other end of the phone, Li Mu didn't hear the conversation between the couple, so he politely said, "Auntie, please tell my uncle that after I'm done with my work, I'll definitely visit him in Hangzhou and have a few drinks with him."

"Don't wait for a while."

Xie Yun said seriously, "Li Mu, I'm not joking with you. This kind of thing can really be big or small. Everyone is equal in the face of a serious disease. You must not take chances. Listen to me and leave Shenzhen first."

Li Mu didn't know what to say for a while, but he was moved by Xie Yun's concern. It was rare for her and Zhao Xianliang to think of him and remind him. From this, he could at least see that they treated him sincerely.

Therefore, Li Mu pondered for a while. Su Yingxue would go to the United States on New Year's Day, and he had promised to see her off at the airport, so he could not break his promise. Therefore, he must go back to Yan Jing at that time. After seeing Su Yingxue off, he could stay in Hangzhou for a while and visit Zhao Ziqiu's home.

As for the matter of Xie Yun asking him to leave Shenzhen City, he might as well agree to it first. When the time came, he would visit them and have a chat with them.

Then, Li Mu said to Xie Yun, "Auntie, I'll go to Hangzhou to see you and uncle during the New Year's Day."

Upon hearing that Li Mu had agreed to come, Xie Yun immediately beamed with joy. She smiled and said, "Your Uncle Zhao is listening on the side. He asked me to tell you that you must keep your word and not go back on your word."

Zhao Xianliang said in a low voice with a depressed expression, "When did I say that?"

Xie Yun glared at him and scolded in a low voice, "Answer!"

Zhao Xianliang shook his head helplessly. He coughed twice, got close to the phone and said, "Li Mu, you have to keep your word. I'll wait for you in Hangzhou."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't worry, uncle. I will!"

After hanging up the phone, Xie Yun finally breathed a sigh of relief. She said to Zhao Xianliang, "Since Li Mu will come during the New Year's Day, he won't be here for more than two or three days. I'll persuade him when the time comes."

Zhao Xianliang said unhappily, "It's too early for you to get into the role. He and our daughter are just boyfriend and girlfriend. If you want to be his mother-in-law, it will take a few years. What's the hurry?"

Xie Yun shook her head helplessly and said, "You men have big hearts. We women can't do that. Li Mu is Ziqiu's boyfriend. Of course, I hope that both of them can be healthy and safe. I also hope that their relationship can get better and better. If something happens to Li Mu, what will Ziqiu do?

If you don't take your health seriously, won't we women have to urge you? "

As she said that, Xie Yun sighed again and said, "Li Mu is always busy. Ziqiu is too docile. Even if she has a problem with Li Mu, she will definitely not say it. In this way, I don't know how long it will take for them to see each other. A long-term long-distance relationship will also have a great impact on the children's relationship. I'm also thinking about Ziqiu's happiness."

There were many things that Xie Yun did not say to Zhao Xianliang. For example, Zhao Xianliang still did not know that strictly speaking, Li Mu was not their daughter's boyfriend at all. Their precious daughter was actually the third party between the young couple. However, their daughter liked Li Mu too much, and Li Mu was too outstanding. Xie Yun had no way to persuade her daughter to let go, so she could only help her daughter create opportunities.

What Zhao Xianliang did not know was that in order to get Su Yingxue away from Li Mu, Xie Yun made a big effort to organize such a student exchange program in Harvard in order to clear the obstacles for her daughter.

Although Xie Yun knew that what she did was wrong, she thought about it from another perspective. She only had one daughter, Zhao Ziqiu. Of course, she hoped that her daughter could live a better and happier life. Therefore, in the face of this kind of thing, there was no big right or wrong, only family love. Therefore, she had to find ways to help her daughter. Although it was very unfair to Su Yingxue, after all, it was a pity that all parents cared about their daughter. If it was wrong, then it was wrong.

…

On the last night of 2002, Li Mu was going to fly to Yan Jing on a small business plane that had been booked in advance to fulfill his promise to see Su Yingxue off.

Originally, Li Mu did not intend to be so extravagant. He thought that he could buy a first-class ticket back, but for his safety, Liu Shixiong repeatedly emphasized that he must charter a plane to travel. Otherwise, if he was really infected with this kind of unknown disease, it would be big trouble.

Li Mu thought that it was reasonable. Although he was reborn, reborn people were also made of flesh. His ability to make money might be better than others, but when it came to the problem of resisting diseases, he was no different from most people. It was not easy for him to be reborn. If he was infected with SARS again, it would be really bad.

Su Yingxue's flight would take off from the Capital Airport at noon tomorrow. In the previous call with her, Li Mu learned that her parents wanted to stay with her for a few days before she left, so they had already gone to Yan Jing in advance. Now, Su Yingxue's family lived in her aunt's house. Tomorrow, the two families of six would go to the airport to see her off.

Zhao Ziqiu had already returned to Hangzhou in advance, so Li Mu planned to take the same business plane to Hangzhou after seeing Su Yingxue off on the plane. He would visit Zhao Ziqiu's home and then quickly return to Shenzhen after one or two days.

Before boarding the plane, Li Mu also called Director Zou of the No.3 Hospital and asked about Anne Hathaway's situation. According to him, Anne Hathaway's infection had not been effectively controlled. The hospital was preparing to change her medicine, but her life was not in danger for the time being.

Li Mu called Anne Hathaway. She was a little dispirited now, but fortunately, her mentality was still very strong. She always felt that she would soon recover and be discharged from the hospital.

Li Mu encouraged Anne Hathaway with a few words, and then the doctor didn't let her talk to him anymore. Li Mu thanked the doctor who helped to call Anne Hathaway and then hung up the phone.

At this time, it was already 10 o 'clock in the evening. The plane was expected to take off at 10: 10, and it would land in Yan Jing at about 1 o' clock. Li Mu could only complete the New Year's Eve of 2002 to 2003 on the plane.

In the cabin of the business plane, there were only four people except for a flight attendant. In addition to Li Mu, there were Wang Yuanlang and the other two. There were few people and it was quiet, so Li Mu's mood became more and more relaxed.

The plane was pushed out of the hangar and taxied to the starting point of the runway. The beautiful flight attendant gently and considerately reminded Li Mu and the others to buckle their seat belts, but she didn't ask Li Mu to turn off his mobile phone.

The plane adjusted its fuselage in front of the runway. The moment the engine was at full throttle, Li Mu suddenly received a text message on his mobile phone. He picked up his mobile phone and had a look. It turned out to be from Wei Lan.

In Wei Lan's text message, she said, "Are you going back to Yan Jing tonight or tomorrow?

If it's tonight, I'll pick you up at the airport. "

This time, Li Mu only told Su Yingxue that he was going back to Yan Jing. He didn't tell Wei Lan and the others, because he thought that he would only stay in Yan Jing for one night and sleep. Tomorrow, he would go to the airport to send Su Yingxue off, and then he would go directly to Hangzhou. If he told others, he wouldn't even have time for a meal, so it was meaningless.

However, Wei Lan didn't know why she directly sent such a message to Li Mu. Li Mu was suspicious, but soon he remembered that he had mentioned to Wei Lan that Su Yingxue was going to the United States before. It seemed that she remembered the time and guessed that he was going to Yan Jing to send her off, so she sent such a message.

Wei Lan's face immediately appeared in Li Mu's mind, and he sighed in his heart that this woman was always so smart. Even the timing of the message was so perfect. In a few minutes, the plane would take off to a certain altitude, and even if he didn't turn off his phone, he wouldn't be able to receive her message.

At this moment, the plane had already accelerated to the speed of lifting wheels, and Li Mu clearly felt that the nose of the plane was starting to rise. The front wheel left the ground, and then the back wheel left the ground. When he thought of Wei Lan, he suddenly felt a different kind of warmth in his heart, and then he immediately replied, "The plane has just taken off, don't come to the airport to pick me up, it's too late to land."

After sending this message, the plane had already climbed more than a hundred meters, and seeing that the signal kept dropping until there were only two bars left, Li Mu sent another message to Wei Lan, "Wait for me at Ziyun Villa."

A few seconds after this message was sent, the phone signal disappeared completely, and Li Mu finally let out a sigh of relief, secretly mocking himself for being pretentious again. He could obviously say everything in one message, but he had to split it into two messages, and the most important one almost couldn't be sent out.