Chapter 1438

A person with an extremely strong entrepreneurial belief would never be interested in any form of work. Li Mu had seen many such people. They might not all have strong abilities, but they all had strong beliefs. They were the type of people who would not turn back unless they hit a wall.

Li Mu didn't understand Andy Rubin's character, but he knew that Andy Rubin's entrepreneurial belief was not strong. Otherwise, he would not have sold Android, which was created less than two years ago, to Google in his previous life.

There were only two possibilities for a pig to be sold before it grew strong. Either he didn't want to raise it, or he couldn't afford it. No matter which one it was, it proved that Andy Rubin's entrepreneurial spirit wasn't strong.

Since the belief was not strong enough, it was naturally possible to be shaken.

Andy Rubin faced Li Mu's personal invitation. Although he seemed to be silent on the surface, his heart was already excited to the extreme.

In any case, for Andy Rubin, being personally invited by Li Mu to join Makino Technology had already made a big leap in his status in Silicon Valley in an instant.

The world's richest man and the founder of a top Internet company personally invited him to join his company. Was this not enough to brag?

At least he could brag for the rest of his life.

For Andy Rubin, Li Mu's invitation was like a depressed Hua Xia actor suddenly receiving a personal invitation from Spielberg or James Cameron, hoping that he could play an important role in his own movie. As long as Spielberg spoke, the actor's value would skyrocket in an instant.

While Andy Rubin was excited, the entrepreneurial idea in his heart also began to change dramatically under the influence of Li Mu.

When he thought that he might not be suitable to be a CEO and manage a company, Andy Rubin's will was shaken.

At this time, Li Mu, who was as sly as a fox, began to feed him poisonous chicken soup. He sighed and said, "Andy, it's not easy to start a business, and there are too few people who succeed. For many entrepreneurs, starting a business is like a gamble. The stake is not only all their assets, but also their future. Some people can easily earn millions of dollars a year, but they give up this opportunity to start a business. In the end, their business fails. Not only did they lose millions of dollars a year, but they also burned millions of dollars of assets. When they finally look for a job, they found that their value in the eyes of the boss was greatly reduced because of the failure of their business. Don't you think it's not worth it?"

Andy Rubin could not help but nod slightly.

Li Mu continued, "Therefore, I suggest that entrepreneurs, or those who are preparing to start their own businesses, ask themselves a few questions before starting their own businesses.

Is my project really okay?

Do I really insist on starting my own business?

If I start a business, how much savings can I invest?

How do I set my stop loss line?

Do I stop after losing all my cash savings? Or do I lose all my cash savings and lose all my real estate?

Or do I owe a loan that is several times more than my assets after losing all my assets?

What if my business fails in the end?

What if I have nothing?

What if I have nothing and am laughed at by the people around me?

What if I don't have a day to turn things around? "

Li Mu's series of questions were like countless cannonballs, constantly bombarding Andy Rubin's psychological defense, collapsing the wall in his heart one by one. They were also like the powerful water plants in the water, weaving together into a water net with great resistance. One after another, they entangled the propeller of Andy Rubin's boat, constantly slowing it down and constantly reducing its power. At a certain moment, the propeller could no longer rotate.

Suddenly, in such a moment, Andy Rubin's heart was suddenly enlightened, as if he had seen the sun!

He asked himself a question in his heart: Why do I have to worry about this?

As long as I accept Li Mu's invitation, I will become a top talent in Silicon Valley. At the same time, I will also get the top salary in Silicon Valley. Moreover, I will be doing a top thing in a top company. With such a good opportunity in front of me, why don't I agree? Why do I have to worry about those illusory things?!

After figuring this out, Andy Rubin did not hesitate to say to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I am willing to accept your invitation and join Makino Technology!"

Li Mu looked at Andy Rubin, who was almost bald, and there was an evil smile at the corner of his mouth. In front of him, Andy Rubin was like an undetermined soldier during the war. He always had a beautiful vision of sacrificing his life, but in the face of sugar-coated bullets, he lost his position.

Then, Li Mu extended his hand to Andy Rubin, smiled slightly, and said, "Welcome to Makino Technology."

Andy Rubin was now filled with the passion to work hard in Makino Technology and prove himself, so he immediately asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, when can I start working?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you are willing, I can arrange for someone to come and handle your entry now."

Andy Rubin asked again, "What is my position?"

Li Mu said, "To the public, you will be the deputy general manager and technical director of Mango's business unit, responsible for the development of Mango's software and hardware technology."

After that, Li Mu added, "This is just what you say to the public. In fact, what you have to do is to secretly set up a mobile operating system business unit, responsible for developing the first mobile operating system of Makino Technology. This operating system will be temporarily named MOS, and its full name is Mango-Operating-System. For MOS, you have to adopt the Linux architecture in technology, and at the same time, design and develop it with a completely new thinking of mobile products. Most importantly, you must abandon the so-called mobile operating system foundation of Palm, Symbian, and Windows-Mobile. They are not the industry benchmark, but we will be in the future!"

Li Mu's words completely resonated with Andy Rubin's heart. Andy Rubin originally wanted to make a disruptive mobile operating system, and he wanted to adopt the Linux architecture. These key points coincided with Li Mu's.

This also made Andy Rubin feel afraid and glad. He was afraid because if he really wanted to start a business, it would be more difficult for him to succeed with Li Mu around. He was glad because Li Mu had become his boss, and he had completely given up on starting a business.

…

Apple was still fighting internally.

It was originally a battle between the loss-stopping party and the counterattacking party.

But now, it was the loss-stopping party who was uncertain, and there was a huge split within the counterattacking party, and the debate between the two sides was getting bigger and bigger.

All these contradictions revolved around "whether to develop a new operating system for the next generation iPod." When the two sides were in a deadlock, the loss-stopping party received a huge blow when they communicated with Microsoft about the acquisition.

Microsoft had obviously investigated and analyzed Apple's current situation in more detail, and they reconsidered the entire logic behind their acquisition of Apple.

First of all, they felt that there was a high chance that Apple would exhaust itself. Due to the failure of the iPod business, Apple had not only lost a cash flow business line, but it was also about to be saddled with huge debts and losses. This would continue to drag Apple down until it died. Regarding this point, the avalanche of stock price was the best proof.

Secondly, they started to ask themselves. Was there really a need for Microsoft to acquire Apple?

The reason for acquiring Apple was to never be sanctioned by the Anti-Monopoly Law. But this required Microsoft to use a very careful method to complete the acquisition of Apple through overseas funds and shell companies. This was troublesome and risky. If the Ministry of Commerce got evidence that Microsoft was involved in the acquisition of Apple, they could use the Anti-Monopoly Law to punish Microsoft.

If that was the case, they might as well let Apple run its course. If it dies, Microsoft's Windows will dominate the world, and Microsoft will no longer be threatened by the "Anti-Monopoly Law."

At the very least, they could put on airs with Apple first and wait for Apple's market value to drop a little more. It would not be too late to buy Apple when their desire to stop losses was stronger. At the very least, they could save a lot of money.

So, Microsoft's attitude changed drastically. In the past, they did not want to drag down the iPod business, and now, they are not interested in acquiring the Mac OS and PC. Just when the loss-stopping party was asking Microsoft to buy the iPod, Microsoft's negotiator suddenly said that Microsoft would lower the price of the Mac OS and PC by 25%. As for the reason, Microsoft only said that they had reevaluated the price.

This time, the loss-stopping party was humiliated, and it touched their bottom line.

In everything, everyone had their own bottom line. Before their bottom line was crossed, they would have their own persistence and beliefs. But once their bottom line was crossed, they would immediately make a huge change. For example, for many couples, cheating was the bottom line for the continuation of their relationship. Once one party cheated, no matter how much the other party loved the other party, they would immediately make the decision to leave. It was the same for those who wanted to cut losses.

Microsoft's humiliation had touched their bottom line, and the loss-stopping party immediately turned into the loss-stopping party.

A dramatic situation happened. Apple's internal conflict changed from surrendering to fighting back to how to fight back.

After a night of intense debate, Tim Cook still could not convince most people to accept the idea of developing an operating system for the iPod.

The meeting went on until 7: 30 the next morning. Everyone argued until their faces were red and their mouths were dry, but no one was able to gain an absolute advantage.

Short-term results were quick, low cost, and small advantage. Long-term results were slow, high cost, and large advantage. Everyone argued that they were right, and no one was willing to give in.

Tim Cook had no choice but to call Jobs, who had been resting at home for a few days, to come to the company.

Jobs did not want to show up, but because this was a matter of life and death for Apple, he decided to come to the meeting to support Tim Cook's decision. After all, this was something that Jobs had always pushed for.

Jobs's strong support changed the stalemate within Apple. Gradually, the short-term supporters who opposed the long-term plan began to be incited by Jobs, and they began to support Tim Cook's long-term plan.

Then, in a vote that began at 9 am sharp, the direction to develop an operating system and fully upgrade the iPod received 77% of the vote.

Tim Cook proudly announced, "We will build a new operating system for the iPod based on the OS system. We will fully upgrade this generation of iPod so that it can crush Mango-ME2. This is the key to Apple's counterattack."

Because it was a project for the iPod, everyone decided to codename it Project IOS.

Half an hour later, when Apple was ambitiously preparing to launch Project IOS, Makino Technology suddenly made an announcement.

Andy Rubin, a well-known IT expert, officially joined Makino Technology as the Deputy General Manager and Technical Director of the Mango Division. He was fully responsible for the development of the hardware and software of the Mango series of products. Makino Technology believed that with Andy Rubin joining, the Mango series of products would achieve even more significant breakthroughs.

The expressions of the red-eyed people inside Apple were much uglier than a dog.

Half an hour ago, 77% of the people inside Apple thought that Apple should develop a dedicated operating system for the iPod in order to fully upgrade it, so they fully supported the launch of Project IOS.

Half an hour later, more than 77% of the people inside Apple thought that Project IOS could not be launched. They knew Andy Rubin's ability very well. After all, Andy Rubin had worked at Apple for several years. Li Mu invited Andy Rubin to join and put him in charge of the Mango Division. It was clear that he had the same idea as Apple, which was to fully upgrade Mango-ME.

In this case, Apple, which was at an absolute disadvantage, had lost its most precious opportunity.

Without this advantage, what was the point of IOS?

At 9: 40 am, Apple's executives voted again.

The abolition of Project IOS received 87% of the vote.