Chapter 886

At first, Li Mu did not think that there was anything wrong with the name Le Tao. However, after being reminded by Lei Jianguo, who was good at marketing, Li Mu realized that Boss Ma had left a huge BUG in the name.

Online shopping = Taobao = online shopping = Taobao. This concept was given to the consumers by Taobao. With Taobao's success, there would definitely be imitators. Therefore, all the e-commerce platforms with the word "Tao" in their name might look like they could follow the trend and benefit from it. However, if you think about it carefully, this approach was very lacking.

A fox could borrow the tiger's power, but that was because the difference between a fox and a tiger was countless levels. Once one chose this path, he was destined to be a "fox" in a certain aspect. The more it was like this, the harder it was to become a "tiger."

If Li Mu did not borrow the tiger's power and let Boss Ma hold the banner of "Le Tao" in front of the public, Boss Ma would definitely be able to benefit a little from Taobao, but only a little.

However, if Yang Ming was prepared in advance, like what Lei Jianguo said, once Boss Ma started to exert his strength, Yang Ming would directly follow up by borrowing the tiger's power. Then, Boss Ma might not even have tears to cry, because Yang Ming would be the oriole behind. Once Boss Ma started to advertise "Le Tao," Yang Ming would use Lei Jianguo's method to follow up. To Boss Ma, his investment in advertising had already been spent, and it was too late to save him.

After deciding on the advertising strategy with Lei Jianguo, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "The most important thing now is to target the media resources in advance. In theory, we have to invest in every media outlet that Le Tao publishes. At the same time, we have to invest more than them!"

Lei Jianguo said, "It's best not to use Taobao to follow up with the media and reserve media resources. The media industry is very complicated, and any news spreads very quickly. It is very easy to get information from the media."

As he said this, Lei Jianguo's expression was like that of an old fox. He looked at Li Mu with a slightly wretched smile and said, "Actually, I suggest you let the people of Makino Technology target the media resources in advance. Even if Boss Ma hears that Makino Technology is also looking for media resources, he should instinctively think that you are preparing for Makino Technology's advertising. After all, Makino Technology is now very popular in the US market, and it needs financing. Before financing, it is a common trick to increase the company's value."

Li Mu nodded. He agreed with Lei Jianguo's words very much.

The people working in the Internet industry, especially the bosses, operations, and business personnel, all had a consensus. That was, if one day, a company or a product's press release or promotional materials were suddenly published everywhere, it was basically certain that the company was preparing for financing. The purpose of hyping up the company in advance was nothing more than to get a higher valuation when financing.

If Li Mu's current Makino Technology targeted the media resources, it would definitely give the people in the industry a preconceived judgment. They would think that Makino Technology was trying to hype up itself and pave the way for corporate financing. They would never think of Taobao.

Li Mu sighed in his heart. Lei Jianguo was indeed a genius in marketing. Not only was his means exquisite and profound, but he also had a very accurate and in-depth understanding of the entire marketing strategy. In just a short while, he not only had a strategy to trap Boss Ma, but he also had a way to make this strategy more successful. Once Boss Ma's Happy Taobao went online, the blow that Taobao would give him in all aspects would probably be unprecedented in his entire career.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "Boss Lei, do you think Boss Ma is paying attention to our movements now?

I'm afraid he also knows about our promotional activities in advance. "

Cult Master Lei smiled faintly. "If you didn't suddenly let me understand Dangdang's current situation, I would have thought that you would have put all your energy into YY during this period of time. After all, the news of YY's popularity among the elites in America is known throughout the country. YY's unexpected success in the American market has encouraged the entire industry. Everyone must have instinctively felt that YY's overseas development is the most important thing that you should focus on. I believe that Boss Ma is no exception."

After that, Lei Jianguo added, "Taobao's promotional activities are low-key internally, but Dangdang and Amazon are involved in Happy Taobao's activities. In the business world, it's easier to keep it a secret if it's an internal movement. But if it's a joint movement of many companies, it's very difficult to keep it a secret. That's why this promotion with Happy Taobao will be out in the open, and we will be in the dark."

Li Mu thought about Lei Jianguo's words and nodded in agreement.

The entire Hua Xia Internet industry had their eyes on YY's development in the US. This was a historic step for Hua Xia's Internet industry. Not only was it significant, but it also gave other Internet companies a benchmark that they could use as a reference. Under such circumstances, Taobao's halo was naturally much dimmer than Makino Technology. Even he had subconsciously placed YY's globalization as the most important thing now, not to mention his competitors.

Most importantly, with Su Yingxue's reminder, he had walked out of the wrong path in advance. It was a great opportunity for him to focus his energy and prepare for the battle with Boss Ma, Dang Dang, and Amazon. Otherwise, if he were to put all his energy into YY, Ali, Dang Dang, and Amazon would join forces and launch a surprise attack on him. Taobao would suffer a great loss because of that.

Realizing this, Li Mu was even more grateful for Su Yingxue's existence. At the same time, he was very impressed with her business acumen. If she hadn't analyzed his situation in secret, he would have spent 80% of his energy on the overseas market. If he wasn't keeping an eye on YY's US user registration and payment data, he would have been watching Makino Technology's development of Plants vs Zombies Online. He wouldn't have turned his attention back to Taobao.

However, it was because of Su Yingxue's reminder that Li Mu was able to jump out of his current inertia and discover the potential threat by chance, giving him the opportunity to snipe his opponent.

Next, the most important thing was how to fight this war of resistance!

…

Just like what Lei Jianguo had thought, Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, didn't know what Li Mu was up to.

In fact, it wasn't that Boss Ma was underestimating his opponent, but that he had too many things to do at the moment. Boss Ma had put in a lot of effort during the negotiation for the joint venture of the three companies to establish Hangzhou's Happy Tao. Now that the negotiations were finally completed, most of his energy was focused on the online activities of Happy Tao.

Boss Ma had also considered Li Mu and Taobao. As his only competitor, Boss Ma naturally paid extra attention to Taobao. However, Taobao didn't show any signs of making any big moves. It looked like it was developing steadily and steadily. Therefore, Boss Ma first thought that this was a surprise attack on Taobao, and that Taobao was completely unaware of it.

At the same time, Boss Ma also very "accurately" guessed that most of Li Mu's attention at this time must have been diverted to the overseas market because of the unexpected popularity of YY among the overseas elites.

In Boss Ma's opinion, if he were Li Mu, he would definitely strike while the iron was hot and take advantage of this heaven-sent opportunity to build a bridgehead overseas. After all, Li Mu's domestic industry was already very stable. This was a great opportunity to divert energy and take the opportunity to attack overseas!

Once Makino Technology could build a bridgehead in the American market, it would definitely be an unprecedented and meaningful event for the Internet industry in Hua Xia. It would also be a great honor for the Internet industry in Hua Xia. The person who made all of this possible would also create a special honor that would be recorded in the history of the industry.

Now it seemed that Li Mu did indeed have the opportunity to create this special honor. Therefore, even Boss Ma was envious of him.

Therefore, Boss Ma believed that Li Mu's focus on overseas was indeed a good opportunity for Le Tao to go online. In her opinion, Li Mu was now negligent, and Le Tao had been secretly making arrangements. Once it went online, it would definitely launch an overwhelming publicity campaign at the same time. At that time, it would naturally catch Li Mu off guard.

After Amazon reached an agreement with Ali and Dang Dang, it attached great importance to Le Tao's online promotion. In the past few days, the executives of Hua Xia Amazon had been discussing the details of the promotion with Boss Ma and Boss Li of Dang Dang.

Boss Li of Dang Dang did not have any objections to the promotion. He was not good at marketing, and he was a little stingy when it came to doing things. In his opinion, Boss Ma's Japanese Cosmetics and Apparel promotion plan was very perfect, and the promotion was just right. It was fine as long as Boss Ma carried out the promotion plan according to his plan. There was no need to make any changes.

If Boss Ma really wanted to make changes, it would be to control the media investment. Li Guoqing felt that Boss Ma's plan for the media investment was a little too high. Now that he was also a shareholder of Le Tao, he felt the pinch when he saw such a high budget for the media.

But Amazon was completely different.

As the world's e-commerce giant, Amazon was used to making a big name for themselves. They spent more than 100 million USD on marketing every year. That's why the executives sent over by Amazon hoped that Boss Ma could invest more in the media. They wanted to spend 5 million to 8 million USD to promote Le Tao to everyone in Hua Xia.

Le Tao's promotion period was tentatively set to be five to seven days. The promotion would start three to five days before it went live, and the promotion would start nationwide. Two to five days after it went live, a round of consolidation would be carried out. After a few days, the event would be taken offline, and Le Tao would officially enter the operation stage.

The total promotion period was 5 to 7 days, and the budget was 5 to 8 million USD. Most famous companies in Hua Xia only had a few tens of millions of RMB in their advertising budget. But Amazon's executives suggested spending tens of millions of RMB on the promotion alone. Not only Li Guoqing, but even Boss Ma felt the pinch. This was because his previous plan had a maximum budget of 10 million RMB.

To Boss Ma, the investment in the promotion had to be controlled well. The higher the investment, the higher the company's reputation, and the higher the company's revenue. This was a chain reaction. But the multiplier between the two was variable. If the investment was too little, the input-output ratio would be low. If the investment was too much, the input-output ratio would also be low. Only when the investment was right, the input-output ratio could be maximized.