Chapter 798

After sending Song Liang off, Li Mu calculated the potential commercial value of the four plots of land.

He wasn't an actuary, but based on the current land prices in the East Third Ring Road, as well as the rising trend of housing prices in the next two years, he roughly estimated that the four plots of land would have a net profit of at least two billion, or even more, as long as it was done properly. Moreover, the direct profit was only a part of it. What was more important was the subsequent profits that these plots of land could bring. For Jin Ling's real estate developers, being able to enter the Yanjing market was a huge benefit in itself.

Li Mu thought about Master Fan, whose works weren't very good, but who was praised by the media. She once said something that was repeatedly hyped up by the media: "I don't want to marry into a rich family, I am a rich family."

Whether Master Fan was a rich family or not, Li Mu wasn't sure, but Li Mu hoped that Chen Wan could become a real rich family. Not only would he take out a portion of his real estate resources for her family's business, but he would also continue to make her even more popular in the next few years.

"Happy Camp" was just the beginning. The future "Super Girl" would be a stepping stone for her to further increase her qualifications. Li Mu even wanted to start the reality show "Running Man" as soon as possible in the next two years. He wanted Chen Wan to become the Song Ji Hyo of the Korean version of "Running Man", and Chen Wan to become the Angelababy of Hua Xia's "Running Man". He wanted her to release albums and movies, and he wanted her to become the hottest big sister of Hua Xia's entertainment industry. He wanted her to become a real rich family.

Li Mu knew Chen Wan's feelings for him. Regardless of whether or not he could give her a place to return to in the future, he wouldn't let her have any possibility of repeating the mistakes of his previous life. This determination was his repayment for her feelings, and it was also a reflection of his feelings for her.

As he was thinking about how the future "Running Man" would land, Li Mu suddenly received a call from Dong Ai.

Dong Ai had been accompanying Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang in Yungui for a long time. During this time, she often returned to Yanjing, but Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang had never come back. It was said that Zhang Guorong had bought a very stylish villa by Erhai. Every time a student event ended, he would bring his assistant and Mei Yanfang and her assistant to live by Erhai. They had not had such a relaxing life for decades. According to Dong Ai, the two never got tired of it, and they had even completely fallen in love with Erhai.

After receiving Dong Ai's call, Dong Ai told Li Mu, "Lady Mei has been accompanying my brother for a very long time this time, much longer than originally planned. Her work has also been delayed for a long time, and Hong Kong has been urging her many times. Right now, she has no choice but to go back and deal with her work first."

Li Mu asked her, "When does Lady Mei plan to return to Hong Kong?"

"Next week."

Dong Ai said, "I still remember that you told me to bring them for a thorough physical examination after the student event. I am also worried that they might have gotten sick during this period of time. Originally, we planned to have the physical examination in Shanghai, so it would be more convenient for Lady Mei to go back. However, she insisted on going back to Yanjing, saying that she wanted to meet you before returning to Hong Kong. So, we have decided to go back to Yanjing tomorrow afternoon for the physical examination on Monday."

Li Mu had indeed instructed Dong Ai to bring them for a thorough physical examination after the student event, out of concern and responsibility. That was because Li Mu didn't know when Mei Yanfang got cancer, but in her previous life, she passed away at the end of 2003, which was only slightly more than a year ago. Li Mu had also looked up information before, and most cancer patients usually took longer than this time to die. Most people passed away not long after they were diagnosed with cancer, because they were diagnosed too late.

So, Li Mu's intuition told him that Mei Yanfang should be suffering from cancer now, but she was still in the early or middle stages. If she could be diagnosed now, with her financial power and influence, she would definitely be able to get the best treatment as soon as possible. If the treatment was appropriate, she could at least live for a few more years, and there was even a possibility that she could be cured. It was much better than her original fate of passing away at the end of next year.

So, Li Mu told her, "Then you must arrange for the best hospital in Yanjing to do a comprehensive physical examination for Lady Mei. Don't let her body get sick because she helped us with the student event."

Li Mu's words were completely reasonable. For the sake of 3321's student aid program, the superstar had followed the staff to the mountains for so long. As the founder of 3321, he had to do a systematic examination for them. This reason was impeccable, so even if Mei Yanfang's cancer was found, no one would suspect him of being a prophet.

"Don't worry, I've already communicated with Peking Union Hospital. After Lady Mei arrives in Yanjing, I will accompany her to do a systematic physical examination."

Then, Dong Ai said, "Oh right, Brother also said that he would come to Yanjing with Lady Mei to see you. The Taobao charity auction ends at midnight this weekend. President Xiao Fangfang also told Brother that she would personally come to Yanjing to thank you. I also arranged for Brother and Lady Mei to undergo the physical examination together. Both of them didn't want to do it at first, but I said that it was your order, so they didn't have any objections."

Li Mu counted with his fingers. The Taobao charity auction started at the end of last month. After a large number of celebrities' personal items were put on the shelves, they entered the auction process. The closing time was indeed this weekend. He had been busy with the logistics construction, computers entering the city, and the e-commerce legislation. After the charity auction went on the right track, he hadn't taken the initiative to follow up. Liu Xiaodong probably knew about this.

So, Li Mu said to Dong Ai, "Then arrange for them to meet in Yanjing. I'll arrange for Makino Technology's fleet to pick them up tomorrow."

"Okay." Dong Ai said, "Are you free tomorrow night?

Why don't you treat Big Brother and Lady Mei to a meal? "

Li Mu said, "I'm in Haizhou. I have something to do, so I can only go back tomorrow night. But it will be late by the time I arrive. I'll arrange for someone to be in charge of hosting them tomorrow night. After you bring them for the physical examination on Monday, I'll arrange for a welcoming dinner for them."

"Okay, then I'll see you on Monday."

"See you on Monday."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu hurriedly contacted two people.

One was Liu Xiaodong. He wanted to know how much money had been donated in the charity auction.

The other was Lin Ching-ah. Lin Ching-ah was the most suitable person to represent him in such matters.

Liu Xiaodong really knew the real-time data. He had taken over this matter when Li Mu didn't have time to pay attention to it. He told Li Mu that the total amount of money in the charity auction had reached 27 million yuan.

Li Mu was very surprised. More than 20 million yuan?

Just some personal items of some celebrities were auctioned. How could it be so much?

Liu Xiaodong explained, "This time, the celebrities were very enthusiastic and generous. Mo Wenwei's Patek Philippe watch was sold for 1.2 million yuan. It was the top bid of this charity auction.

That watch is a limited edition and has been discontinued. Its value in the market is about one million yuan. "

Only then did Li Mu understand why Xiao Fangfang said that she would thank him in person.

The progress of the auction and the bidding of the whole charity auction were public on the Taobao website. Xiao Fangfang must have seen the data.

For Xiao Fangfang's Seedling Protection Fund, it was estimated that she didn't even dare to dream of raising more than 20 million yuan at a time. It was reasonable for her to come to Yan Jing to thank him in person.

After thinking about this, Li Mu said to Liu Xiaodong, "Senior brother, make an arrangement. After the charity auction, we should make a special report with all the major media. I will ask Makino Technology to fully follow up. The charity auction is a long-term publicity sign for Taobao. We should make it a regular event in the future, but the cycle should not be too frequent. It should be held once a quarter."

Liu Xiaodong immediately said, "Okay, I will arrange it tomorrow. When will you come back?"

"Tomorrow night."

Liu Xiaodong said, "Then I will ask Old Chen to report to Makino Technology on Monday."

“OK。”

At this time, Lin Ching-ah had just returned home from working overtime. Recently, Makino Technology had been recruiting on a large scale. They poached a large number of people from domestic and foreign Internet companies. Because they were all working employees, most of the interviews were arranged on the weekends.

Because there were basically round-the-clock interviews every weekend, Lin Ching-ah specially changed the work schedule of Makino Technology's HR. From working Monday to Friday, to working Monday to Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday, and Thursday and Friday off. Every weekend, more than a dozen of Makino Technology's HR employees had to work non-stop, one interview after another. Although most of the interviews did not require Lin Ching-ah to personally attend, she still stayed on duty during the weekends.

Over the phone, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to arrange the work of picking them up and entertaining them tomorrow, including the accommodation and meals for Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang in Beijing. He also specifically told her that the expenses should be paid for by Makino Technology's public relations, and should not be borne by 3321.

Lin Ching-ah's execution ability was very high, so naturally, she agreed without hesitation. After Li Mu gave his instructions, he told her, "The former chief editor of Sina, Chen Tong, will report to Makino Technology next Monday. I may not have time to go to Makino Technology next Monday. Help him handle the entry procedures and arrange an independent office for him, director level."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Director level, P8 or M?"

Li Mu immediately said, "Give him P8."

The employee levels of Makino Technology were divided into two dimensions. P8 was the professional level, and M was the management level. Each level was divided into 1 to 10 levels. P8 was equivalent to a very powerful professional in a certain aspect, but still far from being a super expert. For example, Fang Xudong, who came from Google, was currently P10 in Makino Technology, the highest level among the professionals.

In fact, Chen Tong used to be a vice president, which was a standard senior management position. When he joined Makino Technology, he should be given M9, or at least M8. M9 was the level of vice president, and M8 was the level of director. However, Li Mu felt that this person was not suitable for a real high-level management position, so overall, he should be classified as a professional who focused on content. Giving him P9 was the most accurate position for him. As for why he was given P8 and not P9, to some extent, it was also to dampen his spirit.

Lin Ching-ah did not know Li Mu's intentions, but she just followed Li Mu's instructions and said, "Then I'll do as you say. But Li Zong, how do you want to arrange his specific position and department?"