Chapter 158

The entire Dorm 606 went into a state of high alert.

Sun Jian suggested that everyone should restrain each other's behavior and not do anything that violates the school rules. At the same time, they should not argue or even fight with anyone for the time being.

Although this suggestion was a little depressing, it was still approved by most people. However, Li Mu was not happy about it. He felt that hiding was never a solution. If he wanted to solve the problem, he had to change from defense to offense.

Li Mu carefully analyzed the current situation. His biggest threat was not Zhang Qing or Wu Shuai, but Sun Tan. Sun Tan was a Yanjing local, had connections with the school, and his family was said to be quite powerful. Only he could interfere with him.

Fortunately, Li Mu did not have any loopholes for Sun Tan to attack. In the end, Sun Tan could not find any loopholes in Li Mu's defense, so he could only look for Zhang Qing and try to get him to stir up trouble and anger Li Mu. From this, it could be seen that although he really wanted to drive Li Mu away from the National People's Congress, he could not find a chance to do so.

But looking at things from another perspective, Sun Tan was eager to attack, and Li Mu's defense was watertight, so Sun Tan had no time to take care of his own loopholes.

His Learning Aid Gang had a lot of problems. If he found a loophole in the gang and launched an attack, it would be like a fire in his backyard. If the Learning Aid Gang lost the support of the people in the National People's Congress, or even got beaten up by everyone, Sun Tan would not be able to take care of himself. Once the Learning Aid Gang was finished, he would lose everything.

More importantly, after being reminded by Song Liang, Li Mu realized the political influence of 3321, which made him firmly believe that although Sun Tan was a local tyrant and had connections with the school, and he might be expelled if Sun Tan got the slightest hold on him, as long as he built up 3321, when the time came, even if he slapped Sun Tan in front of the school leaders, the school would turn a blind eye.

Therefore, right now, Li Mu had to hold the gun and the bulletproof vest in both hands. He would hold the gun to kill the enemy, and hold the bulletproof vest to prevent the enemy from attacking.

After thinking it through, Li Mu asked Xue Jianfeng, "Have the computers that the Student Aid Gang bought arrived yet?"

"Not yet." Xue Jianfeng shrugged his shoulders. "My deposit was returned by them."

Li Mu asked, "When will the goods arrive?"

Xue Jianfeng thought for a while and said, "It should be within these two days. It should be before Friday."

"That's good."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Jian Feng, help me keep an eye on this matter. If the goods arrive, notify me immediately."

“OK！”

Sun Jian could guess Li Mu's intentions, so he asked tentatively, "Li Mu, are you going to initiate the attack?"

Li Mu smiled and did not hide anything. "The best defense is offense. The Student Aid Gang has so many problems. If we make a good fuss about it, it will be enough to make them suffer."

Sun Jian said hurriedly, "The Student Aid Gang organized more than 100 students to participate in the recording of the Happy Dictionary program on Saturday. They paid for the travel expenses and a lunch. They recorded two episodes from morning to afternoon. There must be something fishy in this, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "According to the standard of the TV station, one person should be paid dozens of yuan for their hard work."

Liu Nian said indignantly, "Then we will have to announce this and let the students who were cheated to get even with them."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry. Let them make a big profit first. Before the computers arrive, don't act rashly."

…

Recently, Sun Tan had been a little uneasy because of Li Mu and 3321. The title of Yanjing Top Ten University Students meant a lot to him, and he could not afford to lose it. However, he still could not find any evidence against Li Mu, and Zhang Qing also did not make any progress, which made him very anxious.

Wu Shuai was also very anxious. He thought that once Sun Tan took action, he would soon see Li Mu pay a heavy price for everything. However, he did not expect that Sun Tan also could not find a breakthrough. The situation suddenly became a stalemate.

At this time, Wu Shuai had completely given the important task of taking revenge on Li Mu to Sun Tan. Although he was anxious, he had many other things to do, so he had to deal with it. Coincidentally, the dealer who had been working with Zhongguancun called and said that the goods were almost ready. There were 230 computers in total, and they would be installed on campus on Thursday afternoon.

After Wu Shuai received the call, he was very excited. The purchasing power of freshmen and sophomores combined was extraordinary. 230 desktop computers were ordered, and on average, the final price of a computer was about 6,000 yuan. From each computer with an average price of 6,000 yuan, they could get at least 600 yuan as commission.

Wu Shuai calculated that selling a batch of computers would earn more than 100,000 yuan. Based on Sun Tan's previous sharing model, Wu Shuai calculated that it would be about 140,000 yuan. Sun Tan would get 50%, which was 70,000 yuan. Wu Shuai would get 25%, which was 35,000 yuan, and the rest would be distributed to the other members of the student aid group.

Thirty-five thousand yuan was more than the annual salary of Wu Shuai's parents. It was also the most money Wu Shuai had ever earned. However, in total, this thirty-five thousand yuan only accounted for one-third of Wu Shuai's total income this year.

There were many ways to earn money in the student aid group. Sun Tan could earn 200,000 yuan a year, and Wu Shuai also earned a lot by following him. Since last year, not only did Wu Shuai not need to pay for his tuition and living expenses, he even gave his family 10,000 yuan during the summer vacation. His parents were very excited. They told everyone they met how promising their son was, and that he could earn a lot of money even before he graduated from university. Because of this, Wu Shuai also received a lot of praise, and his vanity and self-confidence grew day by day.

Seeing that another 35,000 yuan was about to be transferred into his account, Wu Shuai hung up the phone and called Sun Tan. After finding out that Sun Tan was renting an off-campus apartment, he went straight out of the dormitory to look for Sun Tan.

Sun Tan rented a two-bedroom apartment off campus. Most of the time, he did not live in the dormitory, but here. Using his influence in the school, Sun Tan was said to have impregnated four or five girls at the National People's Congress here for more than a year. Every now and then, he would make love here. Sometimes, when he was tired of playing with the girls, he would play games or surf the Internet. His life was very comfortable.

Sun Tan was not in a good mood these two days, so he did not find any girls to accompany him. When Wu Shuai called and said that he had something to discuss with him, he asked Wu Shuai to look for him.

As soon as Wu Shuai entered the door, he said eagerly, "Brother Tan, the dealer called and said that the machines are almost ready. They will come on Thursday afternoon to install them. When the trucks enter the school, you have to inform the security. Also, he found ten workers to install the machines and test them. It might take a little longer. If there are any problems with the dormitory management, you will have to deal with them."

Sun Tan nodded. Although he was not in a good mood, he still had to earn money. He asked Wu Shuai, "Did he say when will he settle the bill with us?"

Wu Shuai was excited at the thought of money. He said excitedly, "He told us to inform the students who ordered the machines in advance to prepare the cash. He will deduct the deposit of 500 yuan for each machine when he collects the cash. We will take the money directly."

"That's not enough."

Sun Tan frowned and said, "It's only 500 yuan for each machine. I talked to him about a 12% commission. How are we going to settle the rest?"

Wu Shuai hurriedly said, "We can go to his shop to settle the bill on Friday."

Sun Tan nodded, "That's more like it. I talked to a Giant dealer these two days. He got a batch of defective cars from irregular channels. The price is very low, but he doesn't dare to sell them out of his shop. He wants us to help."

Wu Shuai hurriedly asked, "What's the price?"

"30% off the market price."

Sun Tan said, "If it's more than 100 cars, it's 15% off. I've seen the cars. I can't see any problems if I don't look carefully."

Wu Shuai immediately calculated, "It's not a big problem to sell 100 cars. If we buy them at a 15% discount and sell them out at a 10% discount, there's still a 25% profit margin. The most ordinary Giant car is about 300 yuan, and the better ones are 600 to 700 yuan or even 1000 yuan. If 100 cars are sold at an average price of 500 yuan, that's 50,000 yuan. 25% profit margin, 10,000 yuan. Not bad!"

Sun Tan nodded and waved his hand. "I'll give you his phone number tomorrow. You can talk to him in detail."

"Deal." Wu Shuai nodded heavily.

Sun Tan suddenly sighed and said, "That Li Mu will be a little troublesome for a while."

Wu Shuai asked, "Why?

Still can't find any flaws? "

Sun Tan nodded and said, "Zhang Qing didn't find a chance."

Wu Shuai replied casually, "It's said that they will start the parents' auction on Friday and end at noon on Saturday. On Sunday, the students should be able to go to the employers' homes to tutor their children."

Sun Tan's brows immediately furrowed.

The biggest problem was that they really couldn't stop 3321. They couldn't stop it, and they couldn't find any evidence against Li Mu. Right now, 3321 was only popular among students, and the school hadn't paid attention to it yet. Once it became bigger and stronger, the school would definitely pay attention to it. At that time, it would definitely become a golden signboard of the National People's Congress. Who could touch it?

Sun Tan stood up and paced back and forth in the room impatiently.

He could only blame Project 3321 for being too good. From the concept to the model, from the website to the promotion, from the students to the parents, from the mainstream values to the attention of the media, it had all the advantages. Such a good project was simply invincible. What could he use to defeat it?

Wu Shuai saw that Sun Tan was worried and couldn't help but come up with an idea. "Brother Tan, do you think it's possible to buy 3321 from Li Mu?"

"Buy?" Wu Shuai frowned. "How much would it cost?"

Wu Shuai pondered for a moment and said, "Building the website, hiring people to promote it, and so on. Li Mu probably invested at least a hundred to two hundred thousand?"

Sun Tan asked again, "How much do you think he'll sell it for?"

"I can't say."

Wu Shuai scratched his head. "But with his capital of a hundred thousand, he should be willing to sell it for a few hundred thousand. After all, he's making double the profit."