Chapter 226

In the afternoon, after seeing off the leaders who came for inspection, Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei discussed with everyone that they would go to the hospital to visit Wang Yanan's mother after class in the afternoon. Because Wang Yanan had found a two-bedroom apartment near the south gate of Yan 'an University, she would be discharged tomorrow. The two of them thought that it would be inconvenient for them to visit her after she was discharged from the hospital and moved into a rented apartment. Therefore, they might as well visit her on the last day of her stay in the hospital.

Li Mu naturally had no objection, and so did the others. The six guys in Dorm 606 were indeed very close to the six girls in Wang Yanan's dorm. Among the twelve of them, there were three couples, and Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu had an inexplicable romantic relationship. The two roommates were quite comfortable to get along with each other.

At 5: 30 am, the six of them met in the teaching building lobby on time and prepared to go to the hospital together. At this time, Tang Quan also drove to the National People's Congress with four other people. He parked the car in the parking space at the entrance of the National People's Congress, and then the five of them walked into the campus and went straight to the School of Finance.

Tang Quan was born to be arrogant. He usually ran his own cultural company, and he could be considered as a well-known figure. However, he did not expect that after he was beaten up by Li Mu, the news of him being beaten up had spread everywhere in the circle, and he had almost lost all his face.

Tang Quan thought that at the age of 25, he was a young talent in his career. Suddenly, he was beaten up by a college student and ridiculed by the people in the circle. Naturally, he could not get over this hurdle in his heart, and he had been holding a grudge against Li Mu.

After finding out Li Mu's background, and with Xu Jiahua's instructions, he decided to thoroughly regain all the face that he had lost that day. Therefore, he insisted on taking action on the campus of the National People's Congress. No matter what, he had to find that guy first and beat him up in front of so many students.

A few of his followers were a little worried. They thought that beating up a college student in the university was a bit serious. In addition, there were security guards on the campus, and Li Mu must have a lot of classmates. The five of them went deep into his territory, and if they failed miserably, it would be terrible.

Tang Quan did not mind at all.

He had always felt that the students at Renmin University were all stubborn people who only knew how to study. Those top students with good academic results were all cowards in his eyes. This time, he had asked someone to bring a backpack of steel pipes. When the steel pipes were shown, there was absolutely no university student who would dare to interfere. Moreover, this was the effect that he wanted. He had to f * ck Li Mu in front of everyone!

Being in public was the key!

As for the severity of the matter of beating up a university student on campus, Tang Quan did not care. With Xu Jiahua backing him up, this trivial matter was nothing.

Firstly, he wasn't afraid of the matter getting out of hand, and secondly, he wasn't afraid of the students ganging up. Tang Quan wasn't worried at all. His mind was filled with only one thing: I must find Li Mu. As long as he falls into my hands, that brat is finished!

Not to mention, I have to cripple his right hand to let those people who laughed at me understand that I, Tang Quan, am a person who will seek revenge for the smallest grievance. No one can take advantage of me.

Li Mu was now the most popular student at Renmin University. Walking on the campus of the National People's Congress, as long as someone met his eyes, whether it was a student or a staff member, they would smile and nod at him. This was a form of respect for him. After all, he had a very high reputation among the university students.

At first, Li Mu was not used to it, but later on, he became numb to it. Anyway, everyone was very friendly and nodded at him. He would also smile back. This small action was not without some fat.

The six of them walked along the main road out of the university. As they walked, they talked about going to Xue Jianfeng's hometown to study next weekend. Xue Jianfeng's family was quite wealthy, and he was from the coastal area of Qilu. Everyone asked him to make arrangements in advance and have fun at the seaside this weekend.

Xue Jianfeng smiled and said, "Go to my house, I will provide enough seafood. However, there is nothing to do at the seaside this season. I can take you to a newly built resort. There is food, drinks, and entertainment there. It's not bad."

"Okay." Li Yawei smiled and said, "Since we are going to the seaside, I will apply to bring my family along this time!"

Xue Jianfeng raised his eyebrows and smiled, "Yawei, are you looking for a chance to have sex with Han Xiaoxiao?"

Li Yawei was a little guilty, but she pretended to be relaxed and said, "I don't have that kind of thought. I have already agreed with Xiaoxiao that we will have sex after marriage."

"Pfft." Xue Jianfeng said with contempt, "Do you think I don't know what you are thinking?

I don't know how anxious you are. "

The others also teased Li Yawei, causing her to blush. Li Mu also wanted to tease Li Yawei, but Chen Wan suddenly called him. Li Mu slowed down his pace and picked up the phone.

"Sister."

"Bad boy, I have good news for you."

"Did you pass the second test at Yanjing TV?"

"Hey, how did you know!"

Chen Wan giggled and said, "The results should have been out long ago, but Yanjing TV extended the period by a few days. I just received a call from them today, asking me to officially report to the station next Monday."

"That's great!" Li Mu asked with a smile, "When are you going to come?"

"I will go on Friday. This time, I will stay in Yanjing and not leave!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Welcome to Yanjing. Do you want me to rent a house for you?"

"No need."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "My dad asked someone to buy a small hotel-style apartment for me. I can live there directly."

Li Mu was not surprised. After all, Chen Wan's family was very well off, and the housing prices in Yanjing were not expensive. A better building would only cost six to seven thousand. A small apartment would not exceed five to six hundred thousand, so it was not a problem for Chen Wan.

While he was on the phone, Li Mu gradually distanced himself from his five roommates. The five of them looked back and saw that he was on the phone, so they did not deliberately wait for him. There was a distance of about thirty to fifty meters between them.

Thinking that it was the end of the afternoon class, a large number of students around were walking out of the school like Li Mu. However, at this time, there were not many people walking in the opposite direction, especially Tang Quan's group of five. It was very difficult to walk in the large crowd. Tang Quan had to keep his eyes open to see if there was any sign of Li Mu. He also felt that it was like looking for a needle in a haystack. If he could not find him, he might as well ask for his dormitory and wait downstairs.

At this moment, a somewhat familiar figure flashed across Tang Quan's radar-like eyes. His whole body froze, and he immediately went back to find the figure. When he fixed his eyes on it, he suddenly trembled with excitement!

The person who was walking towards him with one hand on the phone was Li Mu.

In the crowd, Li Mu instinctively felt that there was a different gaze staring at him. He did not expect that when he raised his head, he would meet Tang Quan's eyes.

It was true that when enemies meet, their eyes turn red. Tang Quan, who was standing in the same place, felt the blood in his whole body boiling. He pointed at Li Mu and said to the four people around him, "Damn, it's him!

Split the steel pipes! "

When Li Mu saw the five people walking towards him with steel pipes in their hands, he immediately said to Chen Wan, "Sis, I have something urgent to attend to. I'll hang up first."

After saying that, he did not wait for Chen Wan's reply and hung up the phone. His right hand put on the brass knuckles inside his coat pocket. At the same time, Li Mu touched his left pocket through his clothes. The brass knuckles in his left pocket were sharpened. Although it was not as sharp as a knife, when he wore it, he would be able to pierce through anyone's skin with a single punch. It was not to be used unless it was absolutely necessary.

Tang Quan's group of five faced the crowd and ran against the flow. When they arrived in front of Li Mu, Tang Quan suddenly raised the steel pipe and shouted, "Li Mu, you motherf * cker! Today, I will kill you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the person at the front had already swung the steel pipe at Li Mu. Li Mu hurriedly retreated a few steps and barely dodged it. When the dormitory brothers who were walking in front heard the sound, they turned their heads and saw that Li Mu was being attacked from all sides. They broke into a run and ran over.

At this time, another person had already arrived in front of him. He was tall and strong, wielding a steel pipe, and directly attacked Li Mu.

Li Mu made up his mind. He suddenly pulled out his right hand, which was wearing brass knuckles, from his pocket. He turned his body sideways and dodged the opponent's steel pipe. Taking advantage of the moment when the opponent swung the steel pipe down, Li Mu grabbed the other end of the steel pipe with his left hand and punched the back of the opponent's hand that was holding the steel pipe with his right fist.

The person only cared about pulling out the steel pipe with all his might. Out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly caught a glimpse of Li Mu's fist and the brass knuckles on it. His expression quickly changed. He wanted to let go of his hand and dodge in fear, but it was obviously too late.

Li Mu's eyes were fixed on the back of the man's hand. He quickly threw a punch. Before the man could pull his hand back, Li Mu had already accurately punched it. With this punch, Li Mu could even hear the sound of bones breaking.

The man screamed in pain. At this time, the brothers from Dorm 606 happened to be in front of him. Without saying a word, Xue Jianfeng grabbed a guy who was trying to attack Li Mu from behind him. With his strong physique, he lifted the guy up and threw him to the ground.

Tang Quan didn't expect so many people to suddenly jump out to help Li Mu. Seeing that two of the four people in the room were crippled by Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng, he immediately turned around and wanted to run. At this time, someone in the crowd shouted, "Catch the guy in the black leather jacket. How dare he beat up Li Mu in front of the National People's Congress!"

The whole process just now was very fast. Many of the surrounding students didn't even have time to react. With this shout, many of the boys immediately turned around and rushed toward Li Mu or Tang Quan. On Li Mu's side, the fight was quickly settled. One of the students who was thrown to the ground by Xue Jianfeng didn't have time to react before Sun Jian and Li Yawei went up and beat him up. Another guy whose finger was broken by Li Mu also dropped his steel pipe. He hugged his right hand with his left hand and screamed non-stop. The remaining two had long lost their will to fight. They wanted to run, but before they could, they were pressed to the ground by the boys from all directions.

Tang Quan didn't even run a few steps before there were at least ten to twenty people chasing him. He was scared out of his wits and wanted to run for his life. He twisted his hair and threw the steel pipe in his hand. It hit the calf of one of the students who was chasing him. The student cried out in pain and fell to the ground. His calf was not light.

Tang Quan didn't expect this to enrage the crowd. The students behind him kept shouting to attract the attention of the students in front of him. Suddenly, a student appeared in front of him. He stretched out his leg and blocked Tang Quan's step. Because the speed was too fast, Tang Quan couldn't react at all. He fell to the ground like a hungry dog.