Chapter 1651

After Li Mu announced the establishment of a public welfare fund for the repatriation of lost cultural relics from overseas, there was a lot of applause on the Internet. After all, in the eyes of every citizen of Hua Xia, this was a matter of national righteousness.

Moreover, the CCTV documentary about lost cultural relics from overseas was broadcast, raising the public's attention to the lost cultural relics to a new high.

This documentary started with the major disasters that Hua Xia had encountered in the past hundreds of years. It described in detail the precious cultural relics that Hua Xia had been plundered and lost during each foreign invasion. For the first time, it systematically and comprehensively showed the people of Hua Xia which extremely important cultural relics had been lost overseas in the past hundreds of years and could not be brought back home.

The voice of support for the repatriation of lost cultural relics from overseas began to grow louder and louder in China. More and more enterprises and individuals expressed their willingness to donate to the foundation, waiting for Li Mu to officially announce the donation account of the foundation to the public.

While the people of Hua Xia were paying attention to the lost cultural relics from overseas, Canada Desire reaped the first wave of benefits brought by their 26 million US dollars bid.

The reason why Desire dared to bid 26 million US dollars at that time was because they realized that they had not only bought back Li Gouzi's fans on Weibo, but also all the people who had followed the entire auction at that time.

Therefore, when Desire successfully paid 26 million US dollars, its corporate name also officially appeared in front of people all over the world. The effect of this advertising campaign was beyond imagination, so much so that Desire's retail terminals all over the world were in a rush to buy it, and it quickly ran out of stock.

In fact, the goal that companies wanted to achieve through advertising and promotion was to enhance the impression of their own brands and products by consumers. There were dozens of types of carbonated drinks in supermarkets, and the best-selling ones were always Coca-Cola and Pepsi.

It was not because these two drinks were delicious, but the most important thing was that they had billions of advertisements around the world every year, constantly enhancing the consumers' impression of them. If an ordinary person were to randomly stop an ordinary person and ask him to list the three most familiar carbonated drinks, Coca-Cola and Pepsi would definitely appear.

When a consumer stood in front of a carbonated drink shelf, it was easy for him to be subconsciously motivated to buy a bottle of Coca-Cola or Pepsi. This was the value of advertising.

It was the same with pet food.

The sky-high price of 26 million USD made people all over the world remember Desire. Many of them raised pets, so they paid more attention to pet brands. Therefore, after learning about the brand, the probability of them buying Desire was much higher than usual.

In addition to these subtle changes, there was another type of direct conversion of users who were even more straightforward. Because they had received the "Desire" brand, they specifically bought it to see how it worked.

This was the reason why the sales of Crave in the sales channel had increased significantly. All the pet food and other products of Crave were being snapped up by users. Agents were placing orders with the head office. Orders from all over the world were pouring in, which made the leadership of Crave very happy.

Not only did the sales of the existing channels skyrocket, but what made the executives of Crave even more excited was that all the countries and regions that Crave had yet to enter, pet products dealers came to discuss cooperation, hoping to get the dealership.

Even in countries and regions where there were already agents, other competitors also came to inquire. These people all expressed that if the contract with Crave's current agent expired, or if they were willing to settle it in advance, they were willing to pay a higher price to get the exclusive dealership in their region.

In most cases, multinational brands could not achieve independent operation in the global market. Such brands had to cooperate with local agents to help them open up the domestic channels and market. The larger the country, the more so.

Take Hua Xia as an example. It was basically impossible for a little-known overseas company and brand to directly enter the Hua Xia market and control all the marketing. To enter the Hua Xia market, most of the time, they had to cooperate with local agents.

Moreover, this kind of cooperation was generally a national or regional system. Either they directly found a general agent in Hua Xia and let him expand the sales channels nationwide, or they found several regional agents in Hua Xia, such as South, North, East, and Central China. The areas of influence were divided according to the administrative regions.

The role of an agent was a test of foresight and luck. After all, not all remote brands could be promoted in Hua Xia and make a lot of money.

Sometimes, when a brand was still weak, they got the general agent of a certain region at a low price. Then the brand developed rapidly, and the agent began to suddenly become rich.

But sometimes, the agent bet on the wrong thing. It was not easy to get the general agent of a brand and sign a lot of agreements. As a result, the influence of the brand began to decline, and the agent finally lost all his money.

However, in the eyes of those agents, Crave was now the biggest favorite.

Not only did they bid for Li Gouzi's Weibo promotion with 26 million US dollars, but they also became the center of the world's topic and the object of discussion. They also beat industry giants like Mars in the bidding process.

Therefore, now everyone could see that Crave would usher in a blowout development. Whoever could get its agency rights would be able to ride on this train and make a lot of money.

Crave was also very smart. Before this, their overall requirements for the agent were not high, and even the agency threshold was very low. But now, they immediately stopped signing the agency rights worldwide and transferred all the agency rights to Makino Technology in Yanjing. This also meant that Li Mu could immediately win the agency rights in many of Crave's markets without spending any money.

The rapid development of Crave stunned Mars. They never dreamed that behind Li Gouzi's Weibo, in addition to Li Gouzi's fans, there was attention from all over the world. Now, Crave's development speed was so fast that even Mars couldn't believe it. What's more, they would have a promotion from Li Gouzi's Weibo every month in the future. This would definitely further promote the overall development of Crave.

The vice president in charge of the pet business of Mars was scolded by the person in charge of the main group because he missed the auction. They missed the promotion of Li Gouzi's Weibo, which was equivalent to taking a big step back in the global market. Not only did they successfully curb their own development momentum, but they also gave their opponents a chance to overtake them. It was simply a pig-like cooperation!

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile