Chapter 542

Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun had very different perspectives on the problem.

As a father, Zhao Xianliang was always thinking about how to protect his daughter, so once something went wrong, he couldn't help but think very pessimistically. Xie Yun, on the other hand, was also a woman. She understood her grown-up daughter well enough, so she was able to calm down at this time and try to think on the bright side.

Xie Yun's thoughts at the moment were very simple. Whether her daughter was here or not, whether she really did something to disappoint her and her husband, she had to stop her husband first. If things were really the worst, then she had to ensure that her husband wouldn't hurt her daughter because of a moment of anger. If things were not as he imagined, if her daughter just lent the house to a friend, then he would also make her feel embarrassed by rushing in rashly like this.

Zhao Xianliang was stopped by Xie Yun. When he heard her say that he had to have confidence in his daughter and give her enough respect, he thought a little better in his heart. But for the huge worry in the depths of his heart, this optimistic thought was like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water.

So Zhao Xianliang asked Xie Yun, "What do you think?"

Xie Yun hesitated for a moment and said, "At this point, there's no need to make any surprises. I'll call my daughter and tell her that we're already here. If she's at school, then everything will be fine. If she's here, then we'll wait in the living room for her to come out and give us an explanation."

Zhao Xianliang struggled in his heart for a long time. Finally, he nodded and said to Xie Yun, "Then you call her."

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He didn't feel tired after sitting on the plane for a whole night, but at this moment, he was so tired that he could barely stand.

Xie Yun saw that he was tired, so she pulled him to sit on the sofa in the living room. Then she took out her phone and called Zhao Ziqiu.

After a while, there was a faint ringtone from upstairs. Not only did Zhao Xianliang's glasses slip from his hand, but even Xie Yun almost dropped her phone. Both of their hearts skipped a beat, and they were suddenly soaked by the phone ringtone.

Li Mu heard the phone ringing in a daze. After a few rings, he woke up and saw that it was Zhao Ziqiu's phone ringing. He struggled to reach out to grab it, and when he saw the word "mom" on the screen, he gently pushed Zhao Ziqiu, who was in his arms, awake and said to her, "Your mom is calling."

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu opened her eyes, she saw Li Mu. This feeling made her so happy that she didn't pay attention to what Li Mu was saying. Instead, she raised her head and kissed Li Mu's lips, asking shyly, "When did you wake up?"

Li Mu handed her the phone that had just stopped ringing and said, "I was just woken up by the phone ringing. Your mom is calling."

"Oh!"

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu heard the word "mom", she immediately sobered up. She took the phone and saw that there was indeed a missed call from her mom. Just as she was about to call her back, Xie Yun had already called her again.

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly told Li Mu not to make a sound. At the same time, she sat up and tried to sound as sober as possible. Only then did she pick up the phone and say, "Mom, why are you calling me so early?"

Xie Yun's voice was a bit stiff as she asked her, "Ziqiu, where are you?"

Zhao Ziqiu said subconsciously, "I'm at school. What's wrong?"

At this moment, Xie Yun, who was downstairs, was completely disappointed. Her voice also became a bit colder as she said, "Your dad and I came to Yanjing. We're in our house in the Asian Games Village. We're in the living room on the first floor. You should be upstairs, right?"

Zhao Ziqiu's mind seemed to explode from this sentence. Her entire body instantly tensed up. She wanted to say something, but she did not know what to say. Three words kept repeating in her heart, "What should I do …"

Seeing that she did not move for a long time, Xie Yun said in a commanding tone, "I'll give you ten minutes. After ten minutes, come down and give us an explanation face-to-face."

After saying that, Xie Yun hung up the phone.

Zhao Ziqiu was scared silly. Seeing that her expression was not right, Li Mu asked her curiously, "What's wrong?"

Zhao Ziqiu came back to her senses. She was so flustered that she almost could not speak. She mumbled for a long time before she managed to say a complete sentence, "My parents are here. They're downstairs …"

"F * ck!"

Li Mu jumped up from the bed subconsciously.

In both of his lives, he had never had a girl's parents block him at home. Was he going to break this record today?

Zhao Ziqiu said again, "My mother said that she would give me ten minutes to go down and explain to them face-to-face. What should I do now …"

Zhao Ziqiu had never been so flustered because of her parents. She had been a treasure in her parents' eyes since she was a child. She was also the greatest pride of her parents. She had never let her parents down. But today, she was caught by her parents secretly dating Li Mu. Moreover, it was the most serious kind of "dating". She had already realized how angry and disappointed her parents would be.

As soon as Li Mu heard Zhao Ziqiu's words, he knew that the matter had been exposed. It was useless to think about other things at the moment. He could only bite the bullet and take one step at a time.

Feeling guilty, the two hurriedly put on their clothes and prepared to go downstairs. Before going downstairs, Zhao Ziqiu guiltily asked Li Mu, "What should I say to my parents later?"

Li Mu said, "Now that things have come to this, you can only tell them the truth."

Zhao Ziqiu subconsciously blurted out, "You can't tell them the truth. You can't tell them that you have a girlfriend in front of my parents. Just say that we have been together for a long time."

Li Mu nodded gently. No matter how thick-skinned he was, he could not help but feel ashamed. He felt ashamed of Zhao Ziqiu, Su Yingxue, and Zhao Ziqiu's parents downstairs. Zhao Ziqiu, on the other hand, comforted herself and said, "I told my father about you. From what he said, he seems to admire you."

Li Mu smiled bitterly in his heart. Even if Zhao Ziqiu's father really admired him, it was before today. Now that he knew that he had slept with his daughter, he might have the heart to kill him.

After leaving the room, although Li Mu's heart was beating like a drum, he did not show any signs of it on his face. He held Zhao Ziqiu's hand and pinched her palm, telling her not to be too nervous. He would hold her hand and go downstairs later. He wanted to be more proactive and high-profile. Not only did he want to give Zhao Ziqiu some sense of security at this critical moment, but he also wanted to help her attract the anger of her parents. Li Mu, who was used to playing high and mighty when starting a business, decided to play high and mighty today. It would be best if he could divert the anger of Zhao Ziqiu's parents to him.

Li Mu's approach did give Zhao Ziqiu a great sense of security. At this moment, she was at a loss and panicked. At this time, she also understood that it was impossible to quibble in front of her parents. At this time, Li Mu held her hand. It seemed that he was ready to face her parents directly. This was also good. At least, she would not have to bear the additional feeling of futility and guilt of lying.

Zhao Xianliang stared at the stairs. What he was most worried about was that Zhao Ziqiu would come down the stairs with a middle-aged man in his thirties. If that was the case, he would definitely go to the kitchen to grab a knife and fight with the man. Because whether his daughter was willing or not, if the man was much older than her, his motive and starting point would be unforgivable.

At the same time, Zhao Xianliang also thought that if his daughter came down with a boy of the same age as her, he should be a little more relieved. Even if she should not have done it, at least he could comfort himself with the thought of free love.

However, the Benz G55 with the license plate of the Government Authority at the door should not belong to a young man no matter how he looked at it.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang was angry, anxious, perturbed, and distressed. At this time, all kinds of feelings were mixed together, making him feel even more tormented.

At this time, Xie Yun's mood was not much better than Zhao Xianliang's at this time. To a certain extent, she understood that her daughter would take this step sooner or later. However, she never thought that it would be so early. She was not yet 20 years old. Tasting the forbidden fruit early would have a great impact on her in the future. Moreover, she still did not know what kind of man her daughter had given herself to. If she was cheated, she was afraid that she would feel distressed and guilty for the rest of her life.

The sound of footsteps came from upstairs. As the footsteps got closer and closer, the couple's hearts were in their throats.

The closer it was to the final reveal of the answer, the more nervous the two naturally became. Their eyes were fixed on the corner of the stairs, and they did not even dare to blink.

Zhao Xianliang began to let his imagination run wild. He considered whether he should directly rush into the kitchen to get the knife or sit down and have a good chat with the other party. No matter what, he had to fight to the death with the old man. If it was a young man and he was pleasing to the eye, he might really sit down and have a chat with him. Since the deed was already done, as long as his daughter's taste was not bad, he would certainly not break up a loving couple.

One of Li Mu's legs came into their sight first. Zhao Xianliang glanced at Li Mu's shoes and trousers, and quietly breathed a sigh of relief. His heart that was hanging in the air was half relieved.

Usually, because of his busy work, Li Mu only paid attention to comfort in his clothes. Therefore, he wore a gray T-shirt on the upper body, a pair of dark blue Adidas cotton pants on the lower body, and a pair of Nike light training shoes on the lower body. This kind of attire was the best choice whether it was sitting, standing, or exercising for a long time.

It was this kind of sports attire that made Zhao Xianliang basically determine that he was a young man even before he saw his face.

Sure enough.

When Li Mu took Zhao Ziqiu's hand and turned the corner of the stairs, Zhao Xianliang looked at Li Mu at first glance. At first glance, he had a good impression of Li Mu.

The same was true for Xie Yun, who was beside him.

Although the two were worried and angry, at this critical moment, the biggest wish in their hearts was nothing more than to be able to see a young, handsome, and talented man walk down this flight of stairs with their daughter. Based on the current situation, this was also the best result.

Fortunately, Li Mu's image, temperament, and height were very much in line with the two's aesthetic views of a man's appearance and temperament.

At this moment, Li Mu also saw Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun sitting opposite him. He tried his best to appear neither surprised nor happy, neither humble nor arrogant, but in his heart, he had already repeatedly comforted himself by saying things like "If you deserve to die, I'll just face the consequences. At worst, I'll just take a beating."