Chapter 1638

Spielberg's personal photographer took many outstanding photos of the old Flying Tigers. Li Mu instructed the Undying Veterans Foundation's staff who followed the old people from the retirement center to develop these photos into a book as soon as possible after they returned to Spring City and give it to the old people as a souvenir.

These respectable old people had realized their biggest wish, and everyone was extremely excited.

After the photo shoot, an old American Flying Tigers member touched his World War II American Air Force jacket and said excitedly, "This jacket feels exactly the same as it was back then. Whether it's the style, the cut, the material, or the feel, it's exactly the same as when we were young."

The person in charge of props for the crew explained, "These uniforms were remade based on the actual Flying Tigers uniforms. Just like the uniforms from back then, these were all hand-made in the United States. Even the materials are produced in the United States."

The old man nodded and said emotionally, "You guys really put in a lot of effort. Whether it's the plane or the uniforms, or even the other props, they've all been restored to the best of their ability. Even the cartoon airbrushes on the plane are exactly the same."

The other old people also agreed. Such a high degree of restoration and such detailed war film could evoke the memories deep in their hearts.

Li Mu found Spielberg and whispered to him, "These old people have almost all lost their uniforms from back then. Let's give these replicas to them as gifts."

Spielberg said almost without hesitation, "Then ask them to keep these uniforms. After we finish filming, all the uniforms can be given to the old Flying Tigers. If it's not enough, we can order more from the factory."

Li Mu nodded. After thanking him, he told this decision to every old Flying Tigers member who had arrived at the scene today.

Knowing that they could keep their Flying Tigers uniforms as souvenirs, every old person was extremely excited. Old Mr. Han Zili was the most exaggerated. He directly touched the clothes on his body and said to his son in a Sichuan accent, "You heard me. After I die, send me to be cremated. Wash this uniform clean, fold it neatly, and put it in my coffin."

The old man's son hurriedly said, "Dad, you're talking nonsense!

If your health is good, you can live for another ten years. "

Old Mister Han said, "You son of a b * tch, you dare to talk nonsense. Even if you live for a dozen more years, won't you still die?

Wouldn't they have to be buried in peace after they died?

It's been a long time since I've been buried, but it's been a long time since you've put it back into the coffin. Do you understand? "

The old man's son quickly nodded. "I understand, I understand. Don't worry …"

Li Mu was particularly emotional as he watched from the side. To these old people, a replica military uniform had such a high status in their hearts. It was clear that their hearts were still filled with passion.

The old men wore the same military uniforms as they had worn in the past. They lingered at the airport for a long time before reluctantly leaving before the sky turned dark.

Li Mu sent them to the car and promised them that he would apply to the local government to preserve this place for a long time after the movie was completed. He would also expand it and turn it into a highly restored World War II Flying Tigers airport. He would also open it to the public for free. When the time came, he would arrange for people to be here to introduce the story of the Flying Tigers to all the tourists.

Li Mu's promise made all the old people extremely gratified. To them, what they really hoped for was for people to remember the war. What they remembered was not them, but the cruelty of war, the preciousness of peace, and the greatness of the nation.

After sending these old people off, the first thing Li Mu did was to use the laptop and wireless card that Li Ziwei carried with her to post the photos of these old people on his Weibo.

Li Mu selected a total of nine photos, including the personal photos of several old people and their group photos, and then accompanied with the words: "To all the members of the Flying Tigers, as well as all the martyrs who shed blood for justice in the Second World War, the highest respect."

In the photos, although the old people were old, each of them stood as straight as possible. Each of their expressions had a kind of determination that went deep into their bones. Their wrinkles were so deep that it seemed that each of them contained endless vicissitudes and stories.

As soon as this Weibo post was posted, it immediately became popular on Weibo and Twitter. A large number of netizens, regardless of nationality, commented and forwarded it. The comments were almost all touching, saluting, and paying their respects.

After posting on Weibo, Li Mu had a meal with everyone in the crew. As he was going back to Beijing the next day, and he also had to bring Du Wei, who had finished filming, along with him, he purposely drank a few more glasses of wine with everyone.

Although Du Wei didn't have a high tolerance for alcohol, she still took the initiative to hold a glass of red wine and toast everyone. She was the youngest in the entire crew, so she had always been taken care of by everyone. Therefore, she was reluctant to part with them. After a few glasses of red wine, her eyes turned red before her tender cheeks.

Du Wei's eyes were red as she said to everyone in English, "During this period of time, I have learned a lot from everyone and received a lot of care from everyone. Thank you very much. I hope that there will be opportunities to work with everyone in the future."

Spielberg smiled and said, "I will definitely reserve a role for you in my next movie, no matter what it is."

Anne Hathaway reached out and held Du Wei's hand, like an elder sister doting on her younger sister. She said with a doting expression, "You must come to America when you have time. No matter how busy I am, I will definitely accompany you."

Du Wei nodded and looked at Anne Hathaway. She said seriously, "You must come to Hua Xia often and visit me in Beijing. Can you stay at my house then? My parents and sister are all very nice people. You will definitely like them."

Anne Hathaway couldn't help but glance at Li Mu from the corner of her eyes. She nodded lightly and said, "As long as there is a chance, I will definitely go to Beijing to find you."

Li Mu didn't notice Anne Hathaway's affectionate gaze. At this moment, he was busy drinking with Spielberg, Tom Hanks, and Leonardo.

Inside Li Mu's body was the soul of a middle-aged man in his thirties. Among all the people in the crew, he felt that he had more in common with these three seniors.

Li Mu asked Spielberg, "When our school is almost ready, what plans do you have for your next movie?"

Spielberg shook his head and said, "I have a few scripts in my hands, but I haven't decided which one to film."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Then do you have any that you are more inclined to?"

Spielberg thought for a moment and said, "There is one that I am more interested in. It is a true story about an Iranian refugee who was stranded in Charles de Gaulle Airport in France at the end of the 1980s because he didn't have refugee documents."

Li Mu suddenly realized that he knew the story that Spielberg was talking about. The movie was later made by him. The name of the movie was Terminal Happiness, and the star of the movie was Tom Hanks, who was sitting opposite Li Mu.

To be honest, this movie was really great, similar to Forrest Gump. It was very touching and inspirational. However, after seeing the success of Flying Tigers, Li Mu felt that Spielberg should make some more heartwarming and inspirational movies. He had already contributed Forrest Gump, so there was no need for him to invest in more.

So he asked Spielberg, "Steven, why don't you consider making another movie about World War II?"

Spielberg was stunned, smiled awkwardly, and said, "I have made too many movies about World War II, and I also produced Band of Brothers. I have made enough."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "World War II is actually a very big theme, and I think it is not an exaggeration to say that World War II is the biggest and most extensive theme in human history. Its breadth and depth are much greater than the Renaissance, the Industrial Revolution, and the Great Voyage, which influenced the development of human beings."

Spielberg asked curiously, "Why do you think so?

From the point of view of human development, the Industrial Revolution and the Great Voyage are actually much more important, right? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "In my opinion, the breadth of World War II is because it covered the whole world and affected the whole world. It almost reshuffled the cards of the whole world, and its depth is that it not only touched the darkest side of human development so far, but also touched the greatest side of human development so far."

With that, Li Mu paused and said, "Looking at the history of human beings, it is difficult to find a more cruel, dark, and inhumane existence than the Nazis and Japan during World War II. Similarly, there have never been so many great and noble heroes in human history as during World War II."

"In Hua Xia, teenage child soldiers who did not even have the height of a rifle were able to disregard life and death. In order to blow up the invaders' tanks, soldiers were willing to tie grenades to their bodies and perish together with the invaders."

"In Eastern Europe, the Soviets, in order to protect their motherland, advanced by stepping on the corpses of their compatriots, using their flesh and blood to resist the invaders. In Western Europe, the French government surrendered, but the guerrillas still resisted. Britain was bombed to pieces, but they did not give up resisting. In order to help the side of justice, the Americans sent millions of soldiers to the battlefields of Europe and Asia. Just like Ryan in your movie, none of his three brothers died defending their motherland, but died defending human justice …"