Chapter 44

When Li Mu and Chen Wan arrived at Jin Ling University, it was already past five o 'clock in the afternoon.

In the Jin Ling University stadium, the stage and sound equipment had already been set up in the afternoon. The competition would start at eight o 'clock in the evening and last until eleven o' clock. However, due to the special nature of the band's performance, the participating bands began to gather in the stadium at four o 'clock. They would first draw lots to determine the order of participation and then tune their instruments according to the reverse order of the draw.

It was said that there were more than fifty bands in the entire Nansu province participating in the competition. The competition would be divided into three days. Today was the first day of the preliminary competition, and there were sixteen bands participating.

Eight bands would be selected after the preliminary competition, and then they would participate in the provincial semi-finals. Only the semi-finals champion would be eligible to participate in the finals held in Yanjing.

At this time, Zhang Kexuan's "Jin Ling Noise" band had finished drawing lots and tuning their instruments. They were the ninth band among the sixteen participating bands.

Seeing Li Mu, Zhang Kexuan, who had been nervously watching others tuning their instruments, finally relaxed a little.

Seeing him fidgeting, Li Mu couldn't help but tease, "Isn't it just a third-rate competition?

Look at how nervous you are. Useless. "

Zhang Kexuan and the other three people immediately exploded when they heard this.

"What do you mean third-rate competition!"

"This is a national band competition!"

"This is a collaboration between multiple TV stations. The preliminary competition will be broadcast on TV stations!"

Li Mu saw the four people's angry looks and shook his head repeatedly.

This kind of competition, even if it was a national competition, could not achieve first-class influence because the current TV stations did not have the courage and courage to do large-scale national talent shows. Whether it was the TV stations in China or the TV stations in Hong Kong and Taiwan, they had not yet realized the vastness of the talent show market. It was not that there were no singing and dancing competitions in the past, but no TV station could really make a big impact. Therefore, they organized this kind of competition with multiple TV stations to share the cost and make a few small fuss.

It seemed that the spring of talent shows would have to wait for the debut of Mango TV's "Super Girl"!

After that, there were national talent shows such as "Happy Boy" and "The Voice of Hua Xia".

Li Mu couldn't help but look at Zhang Kexuan and the other three people. To be honest, from their style to the name of their band, they were all standard flops. There was no possibility of them becoming popular.

Rock music was, after all, a niche aesthetic in China. Moreover, most of the rock bands focused more on form than music. For example, Zhang Kexuan and the others did not even find a suitable music style for themselves. However, their rock style was very strong. Everyone was wearing leather clothes and leather pants. Even the shortest hair almost reached their shoulders. Those who were as long as Zhang Kexuan's hair basically reached their chest. Such a style was not handsome at all. If they were in Beijing, there might be some female literary youths who would like it, but there was no market at all in China.

Li Mu began to worry that the song "Li Bai" would really fail in the hands of those long-haired men. Then, a few years later, it would be inadvertently sung by a contestant in a talent show, such as the song "Miss Dong" sung by Fatty Song, which made people sigh.

The reason why Song Pang didn't make "Miss Dong" popular was that the company he signed with was not good enough. On the other hand, it was difficult for his own image to become popular. No matter how hard he tried, the song would become popular.

Just when the four of them were feeling indignant, Li Mu suddenly asked Zhang Kexuan.

"Can you lift up your long hair and let me see?"

Li Mu's words stunned the five people, including Chen Wan.

"What … what are you doing?"

Zhang Kexuan felt a little strange.

Li Mu said faintly, "I want to see if you have the potential to become popular."

Everyone looked at each other. If it was someone else who made such a request to Zhang Kexuan, he might have immediately punched them. But when it came from Li Mu, although he felt awkward, he hesitated for a moment and reached out to lift up all his hair to the back of his head, revealing his whole face.

Li Mu nodded. "You have delicate features. Not bad."

Zhang Kexuan's face darkened. "What do you mean?"

Li Mu didn't answer his question. Instead, he suddenly became interested. He looked at Zhang Kexuan and asked with a smile, "Why do you play rock and roll?"

"I like it!" Zhang Kexuan answered casually. "Rock and roll is a kind of spirit. It's awesome."

Li Mu asked again, "Then why do you have long hair?"

Ye Tianming said, "Damn. What's the saying in Yanjing dialect? Style!"

"What style?" Li Mu frowned. "Is it the style of showing off?"

Ye Tianming was anxious and wanted to refute. Li Mu asked again, "What's your real purpose in participating in this competition?"

"To prove ourselves."

The four of them answered in unison, without any hesitation.

Li Mu asked mercilessly, "You want to buy my songs to prove yourself?"

The four of them blushed at once.

Li Mu said, "If you want to be famous, just say it. I can be your behind-the-scenes promoter and write songs for you. As long as you listen to me, I have the confidence to make you the most popular band in the country."

"Really?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "It's too easy to be famous. It can be the popularity of songs, the popularity of people, or the popularity of people and songs."

The four of them looked at Li Mu as if they were looking at a monster. They couldn't understand why Li Mu made it sound so easy to be famous.

For Li Mu, a commercial prototype had begun to form in his mind at this time.

The current Internet music was still in its infancy. In another two years, the popular song "Mice Loves Rice" would really let the people see the influence of the Internet on the dissemination of music. To achieve that degree of dissemination, it was key to know how to rely on the Internet.

Li Mu was now ready to develop the Ting Yi Ting Net. If he could find a way to make Zhang Kexuan and the other three famous people popular, it would be of great help to Ting Yi Ting in the future. When Ting Yi Ting had a large scale and was fully fledged, it could also support them and push them to a higher level.

The reason why he asked Zhang Kexuan to show his face was to see if his real appearance had the conditions to make his songs and people famous. It had to be said that this guy was quite good-looking, but he was delayed by his long hair.

Last time in their rehearsal room, Li Mu already had a general understanding of Zhang Kexuan's voice. With a certain foundation, he could sing well with good guidance. In other words, his voice was passable.

Now, his appearance was also passable, not to mention his songs. He knew that there were so many good songs in the future. He just randomly took out seven or eight widely circulated songs, combined with the Internet, who couldn't be promoted?

Li Mu was thinking, and Zhang Kexuan and the other three were stunned. Chen Wan broke the silence. "Li Mu, do you have any way to help my brother and the others become famous?"

"Yes."

Li Mu came back from his thoughts. "If you really want to become famous, you have to listen to me. This is the only way, there is no other choice."

The four exchanged glances and nodded in unison. "Okay, we will listen to you!"

The rich second generation also had their own pursuits. Zhang Kexuan and the other three's pursuit was to be famous and awesome in music, but they also knew that their level was limited. However, Li Mu was different. Li Mu's ability to write songs was not just awesome, it was too awesome.

Li Mu saw that the four of them had such a unified attitude, so he immediately cleared his throat. "First, before the competition starts, go find the organizer and change the band's name."

"Ah?" The four of them were dumbfounded.

"Why should we change the name?

Isn't our current name good? "

"Good my ass!" Li Mu curled his lips. "Jin Ling Noise Control?

You already said that you are making noise, what else is there to say?

Also, do you want to be famous in Jin Ling or the whole country? "

"Of course, the whole country …"

"Then change the name."

Li Mu said without hesitation, "We have to change it. I don't have too many requirements for the name, as long as it is simple and catchy."

"How can I think of a name now …" Zhang Kexuan said with a sad face. The four of them had been thinking about the name for two weeks.

Li Mu waved his hand. "Let's call it Simple Plan."

Although it wouldn't be long before a punk band called Simple Plan would appear abroad, and then a band called Escape Plan would be established in China, but first come, first served was the rule, so Li Mu naturally wouldn't stand on ceremony.

"Simple Plan …"

The four of them pondered for a while. The name was indeed simple, but it sounded really catchy. After repeating it a few times, the four of them found that the name was getting better and better. It was really a bit interesting.

Zhang Kexuan gritted his teeth. "Okay, let's call it Simple Plan. Xia Ji, go find the organizer now and change our name."

"The competition is tonight, can we still change it now?"

"Yes, if you can't, just give them money. Anyway, we have to change it!"

The more he thought about it, the more he thought about what the f * ck the Jinling Noise Factory was …

Xia Ji got the order and turned to leave.

Li Mu patted Zhang Kexuan. "Go and cut your long hair before the competition starts."

"F * ck, what did you say!" Zhang Kexuan suddenly jumped up. "Cut my hair?

Don't even think about it. My dad asked me to cut my hair for years, but I ignored him! "

Li Mu asked back, "Other than a niche rock band, think about the big stars you can name now. Who else has long hair like yours?"

Li Mu emphasized the words "big stars".

"Uh …" Zhang Kexuan thought for a while. "Powered train!"

"Forget it. If it weren't for My Fair Princess, you wouldn't have heard of them."

"Dick Cowboy!"

"What's the difference?

Are you going to say Teacher Liu Huan next? "

"I don't want to say Liu Huan …"

"Then you want to say Guo Feng?"

"F * ck you! Go away!"

Zhang Kexuan couldn't think of anything else. He waved his hand and muttered like a resentful wife, "Anyway, my hair won't move!"

Seeing that he was angry, Li Mu didn't mind. He just asked, "Do you want to be famous or show off?"

"Uh …" Zhang Kexuan stammered for a while and lowered his head in shame. "I want to be famous …"

— —

[Thanks to "Black Hand Covers the Sky" for tips, update tickets, and comment tickets. Thanks to "The Great Sage Has an Iron Rod", "Youth Should Be Done Early", "ufwthdk", and "Dugu Yang 1988" for tips.]