Chapter 205

Everyone in the dormitory thought that Hu Zhengdao was going to be a happy real man tonight. No one expected that Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan were tightly clinging to each other on the train to the northeast. Hu Zhengdao was holding the Nokia phone that had run out of battery in his hand. He was annoyed that he didn't pay attention to charge it in advance.

Because the guys in Dorm 606 were not in the same class, no one noticed whether Hu Zhengdao had returned to school or not. Li Mu called him in the middle of the morning and found that his phone was still turned off. He was a little worried, but he thought that Hu Zhengdao was a very independent person, so he didn't think too much about it.

After the morning class, Li Mu hurried out of school. He first went to Yucheng Garden to get his car, and then drove to the hotel to pick up Chen Wan. Her flight was at 2: 30 in the afternoon, so he would take her to the airport after a meal. He could still make it in time for the first afternoon class.

The sister and brother didn't feel sad when they parted this time. Instead, because Chen Wan would settle down in Yanjing for a long time after leaving this time, the sister and brother had some faint excitement and expectation in their hearts.

When Chen Wan arrived at the airport, Li Mu said with a smile, "Sister, give me a call before you come over. I'll come to pick you up then."

Chen Wan nodded and said with a bright smile, "Wait for me to come back. Be careful on the road."

After seeing Chen Wan off, Li Mu received a call from Hu Zhengdao on the way back to school.

Li Mu also thought that he had gone to Mount Wu with Wang Yanan last night, so when he picked up the phone, he couldn't help but tease, "What's wrong, groom? You're finally willing to turn on your phone?"

Hu Zhengdao asked in surprise, "Groom?

What do you mean? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "You're still pretending?

Was it too hard being a groom last night that you didn't get up this morning? "

Hu Zhengdao understood the teasing in Li Mu's words and said awkwardly, "It's not what you think …"

Li Mu thought that Hu Zhengdao was trying to cover it up, so he asked with a smile, "Then what is it, groom?"

Hu Zhengdao hesitated for a moment and told the truth.

It turned out that he didn't do anything last night. He sat on the hard seat with Wang Yanan and went back to her hometown in the northeast.

The reason why they went to the northeast in a hurry was that Wang Yanan's family was in a big situation. Her father was addicted to gambling recently and lost all the money in the family. After that, he borrowed tens of thousands of yuan from the usury. Later, the casino came to collect the debt. He was forced to sell the house, but Wang Yanan's mother wouldn't let him. As a result, her father beat her up in anger and ran away with the property certificate.

Wang Yanan's uncle received a call from her mother and rushed to take her to the hospital. He didn't expect that her mother's kidneys had atrophied and her kidney function had lost more than 50%. She had been diagnosed with uremia. Wang Yanan's uncle called her and told her about the recent changes in the family. It happened that Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan had dinner together last night. After receiving the call, Wang Yanan went straight to the train station to buy a ticket to go home. Hu Zhengdao didn't want her to bear such a big change alone, so he bought a ticket and went back to the northeast with her.

The two went straight to the hospital after getting off the train in the morning. At noon, Wang Yanan's two uncles and aunty treated Wang Yanan and Hu Zhengdao to a meal. At the dinner table, Hu Zhengdao learned about Wang Yanan's family situation. The family's money was basically gone by her father, and the property certificate was taken away. It was estimated that the house had been sold or mortgaged. Moreover, her father was now completely addicted to gambling and basically didn't recognize his own family. At this time, the possibility of him turning back to the shore was basically zero.

Wang Yanan's two uncles and aunty's family conditions weren't very good. They were all workers in the old steel mill. Now, all of them were retired early, and they could only get less than 400 yuan a month. At the same time, they had to work outside to support their family. Wang Yanan's mother's disease was a money-burning disease. A kidney transplant would cost hundreds of thousands, and she had to wait in line for the transplant. If she had to maintain dialysis, it would cost at least 5,000 to 6,000 yuan a month.

The three relatives pooled together more than 10,000 yuan and deposited all of it into the hospital. However, because Wang Yanan's mother still had external injuries and was hospitalized and treated for uremia, this amount of money could only support her for one or two months. If the money was used up, she really didn't know what to do.

After listening, Li Mu was shocked. He didn't know why a healthy person would suddenly be diagnosed with uremia. Hu Zhengdao said, "Yanan also went to ask the doctor. The doctor said that normal people's kidney metabolism is very strong. Even if half of it is lost, it can still cope with the normal metabolism of the body. Because of this, uremia patients are not easy to detect in the early stage. When they notice it, the kidney will already be overloaded. At this time, it is basically uremia. Therefore, many uremia patients don't notice it in the early stage, and when they get sick, they are already uremia."

When Li Mu heard this, he was secretly shocked. He suddenly remembered his parents. In the future, he must tell them to do a comprehensive physical examination regularly. It would be best if they went to a big city like Yanjing or Shanghai. No matter what, health was always the most important.

After being shocked, Li Mu also asked Hu Zhengdao, "Is there anything I can help with? Just tell me."

Hu Zhengdao hesitated for a moment and said with some confidence, "Mu Ge, to be honest, I called you to ask for your help. My family is poor, and the money I earn from tutoring can't solve the problem. In our dormitory, you are the most capable person, so I want to borrow some money from you to help Yanan's mother get through the current crisis. If the money Yanan's uncle and aunt gathered is used up, her mother will basically be waiting for death …"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Tell me, how much do you want to borrow?"

Hu Zhengdao said hesitantly, "I don't know how much you can lend me. It would be best if you can lend me ten thousand yuan. If not so much, a few thousand yuan is fine too."

Li Mu did not immediately answer, but asked, "What problem can you solve with ten thousand yuan? If the money is used up, what are you and Yanan going to do?"

"I don't know."

Hu Zhengdao said, "I haven't had the time to talk to Yanan, but no matter what, I can't let Yanan's studies be abandoned. I want to contact the hospital in Yanjing first and see how much the cost of the same treatment in Yanjing is. If the difference is not too big, I will try to bring her mother to Yanjing and rent a house near Yanjing University. Yanan and I can take turns to take care of her."

Li Mu was secretly surprised. He was surprised that Hu Zhengdao was so invested in Wang Yanan's family affairs.

Li Mu then said, "How about this? You calm Yanan down first. I'll help you learn about the situation of the hospital in Yan Jing. Money is not a problem. Not to mention 10,000 yuan, even if it's 80,000 yuan, as your brother, I won't just stand by and watch."

When Hu Zhengdao heard the number Li Mu said, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief and said gratefully, "Mu Ge, don't worry. I will return the money I borrowed to you as soon as possible. After I go back, I will continue to be a tutor …"

Li Mu was amazed in his heart. Hu Zhengdao's own family situation was already very difficult, but now he was willing to bear the debt of ten thousand yuan for Wang Yanan. There was only one explanation for his great determination: this was really the power of love.

Immediately, Li Mu interrupted him and said, "Since you are ready to bear the responsibility of Yanan's family affairs, then do it beautifully in front of her family. I will help you solve the problem of money, but don't forget the important thing. You and Senior Sister Ai will lead the group to go to your high school this weekend for financial aid."

Hu Zhengdao immediately said, "I will talk to Yanan and arrange a hospital transfer for her as soon as possible so that she can go to Yanjing for treatment."

Li Mu said, "If it is settled, remember not to let Yanan's mother take the train or the plane. Contact the local hospital directly and hire an ambulance to send her here. I will help you check the situation of the hospital in the afternoon and try to find a reliable hospital near Yanjing University and the National People's Congress."

Hu Zhengdao thanked Li Mu profusely on the phone, but he was scolded by Li Mu. After Li Mu hung up the phone, he immediately called the best Peking Union Hospital in Yanjing to understand the situation. The doctor of the Peking Union Hospital told Li Mu that the daily needs of dialysis and drug maintenance for patients with uremia could be handled by the nephrology departments of all the Class A hospitals in Yanjing, unless they needed to go to a few designated hospitals for kidney transplantation. All the public Class A hospitals basically had the same dialysis fees.

Li Mu then called 114 to ask about the location of the Class A hospitals. In the end, he confirmed that the Third Hospital in Yanjing was the most suitable geographical location, which happened to be between the National People's Congress and Yanjing University. This hospital was a Class A hospital, and the nephrology department was very well-equipped. Moreover, the hospital beds were not as scarce as those in Peking Union Hospital, and there were many vacant beds in the nephrology department.

Li Mu immediately gave up the idea of driving back to school, and directly drove to the Third Hospital. He found the published fee standard in the nephrology department, wrote down the approximate cost, and texted it to Hu Zhengdao. Hu Zhengdao quickly replied, "The overall price is about 10% more expensive than Wang Yanan's hometown."

Li Mu replied, "10% is nothing. First confirm that Auntie's body can be transferred to another hospital, and then quickly transfer Auntie to Yanjing. Otherwise, it's not a good idea for the two of you to stay there and take care of her. After all, the two of you are still freshmen, and your bright futures can't be ruined just like that."

Hu Zhengdao looked at Li Mu's text message, and said to Wang Yanan, who had just cried, "Li Mu said that he can lend me a sum of money, 80,000 won't be a problem. He also helped to ask the hospital in Yanjing. There is a Class A hospital in Yanjing not far from your school, and there are still beds in the nephrology department. Let's transfer Auntie there, so it'll be convenient to take care of her."

Wang Yanan said with red eyes, "I borrowed so much money from Li Mu, how can I return it to him …"

Hu Zhengdao said, "I borrowed the money, and I'll return it to him."

Wang Yanan immediately said, "How can you do that? How are you going to return it to him? Besides, my mom is sick, and I can't ask you to lend me the money."

Hu Zhengdao waved his hand and said, "You are my girlfriend, and we can return the money slowly in the future. The key is Auntie's illness, and we can't stay here to take care of her forever. In this case, why don't we transfer Auntie to a hospital in Yanjing, and it'll be convenient for us to take care of her?"

Wang Yanan pursed her lips and thought for a long time, and then asked, "Are you sure that Li Mu can lend us so much money?"

Hu Zhengdao nodded, "Li Mu is a person who never brags, and he always does what he says."

Wang Yanan nodded slightly, and said, "Give me your phone, I'll call him. I borrowed the money, and I'll return it to him slowly in the future."