Chapter 1003

Boss Ma had been in the Le Tao business for a long time, but only now did he feel that his punch had landed on the ground.

In the past, whether it was Le Tao's own development strategy or the offensive strategy against Taobao, they had basically all ended in failure. It was like a boxer who had put in all his effort to fight, but ended up hitting nothing but air.

This time, Le Tao seized the opportunity of Taobao's crackdown on counterfeits, and unexpectedly obtained a list of names leaked from within Taobao. To Le Tao, more than two hundred detailed seller information were simply a treasure trove.

Before this, Le Tao had contacted many Taobao sellers, and at the same time, formulated many policies to increase Le Tao's attractiveness. Although it was somewhat effective at that time, as the Taobao alliance was launched, almost all the Taobao sellers who came to Le Tao to open a shop gave up on Le Tao at the first moment, causing Le Tao's joy to be in vain.

However, this time was different.

This time, Taobao took the initiative to crack down on counterfeits, and immediately closed more than a hundred shops. These shop owners were basically kicked out by Taobao. Hence, Le Tao's staff contacted them one by one according to the leaked contact information. After a sincere and provocative speech, almost all of the shop owners immediately decided to open a shop in Le Tao.

To these sellers who had their shops closed by Taobao, they had suddenly lost the income from their online shops, and this was the time when they felt the greatest disappointment. They urgently needed to find a way to fill the gap in their income, so they hit it off with Le Tao.

Le Tao promised not to interfere with the sellers' business, and it would not interfere with the law enforcement department's business. This gave them a lot of psychological assurance. Hence, almost overnight, more than two hundred sellers rushed into Le Tao to open a shop.

Naturally, Le Tao welcomed these sellers with open arms. Not only that, Le Tao even provided a lot of manpower support. A considerable number of employees were temporarily transferred to help these sellers open their shops. Moreover, Le Tao continued to honor the platform subsidies and logistics subsidies promised to these sellers, and soon, they received sincere support from these sellers.

This batch of sellers had a certain user base, so as soon as they arrived at Le Tao, they began to think of ways to contact their old customers and quickly transferred the more loyal customers to Le Tao. This caused the daily orders and turnover of Le Tao to double.

This situation not only made Boss Ma overjoyed, but it also gave Le Tao a glimmer of hope. However, Boss Ma didn't expect that Li Mu was even happier than he was.

Li Mu felt that he had already mentioned to the government about the need to legislate against counterfeits in the e-commerce industry, but the government had not given any feedback. It was not good for him to continue to urge them. Now that Boss Ma had fallen into the trap of counterfeits, he would give him a chance to make it big. With Boss Ma's character, he would definitely seize this opportunity to make it big and strong. At that time, if there was no feedback from the government about the legislation, Li Mu would take the initiative to look for them.

If there was no large-scale phenomenon of selling counterfeits in the market, Li Mu would not be convincing to the government about the dangers of counterfeits online. However, if there was a platform of counterfeits in the market, it was tantamount to having a real target. At that time, the legislation would definitely be approved by Boss Ma, and a breakthrough would be made.

Originally, Boss Ma also had a moment of hesitation and worry. He felt that this time, he had made a substantial growth and breakthrough, but Li Mu did not immediately come up with a countermeasure to deal with it. This made him feel a little uncomfortable, so he once suspected whether there was a trap in it.

However, after thinking about it, Boss Ma couldn't think of any trap or conspiracy in this matter. After all, he was playing the edge ball, and it was the edge ball that the whole country was playing. There couldn't be a mine in this matter.

As the eyes of the national media and the people were focused on the farewell ceremony of Makino Technology on October 18, Boss Ma finally understood the reason.

Boss Ma believed that what Li Mu paid more attention to at the moment must be the matter of Makino Technology's employees going to the United States, because this was an epoch-making event for the Internet industry in Hua Xia. It suddenly raised Makino Technology to the international level, which was of great significance to Li Mu and Makino Technology.

Thinking of this, Boss Ma seemed to suddenly understand the key to the problem.

He suddenly understood why Li Mu wanted to crack down on counterfeits in Taobao.

It was probably because Makino Technology was about to take the initiative to enter the overseas market, and Li Mu himself would soon be on the international stage. In this case, Li Mu naturally didn't want to leave a negative impact on himself, so he hurriedly removed the counterfeits from Taobao before the big event began.

After straightening out this cause and effect, Boss Ma instantly felt a lot more relaxed. Li Mu's eyes turned to the overseas market, which meant that Li Mu's own great growth and advancement. However, this also meant that the overseas market would gradually divert Li Mu's attention, making him less sensitive to the situation in the domestic market.

This feeling was particularly sad, but Boss Ma also knew in his heart that only in this way could Le Tao survive in this crack.

For Le Tao now, surviving was the biggest challenge.

…

Li Mu indeed focused more energy on Makino Technology and the overseas market. Correspondingly, he also delegated more related matters related to Taobao to Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo. However, there was one thing that Li Mu didn't slack off, which was to be on guard against and pursue Boss Ma.

Previously, Li Mu secretly competed with Le Tao many times, but he didn't find a way to really kill Le Tao and block Boss Ma's road to e-commerce. However, this time, seeing that Le Tao was desperately absorbing the sellers eliminated by Taobao, Li Mu had absolute confidence in his heart. After Boss Ma took the bait this time, Boss Ma would never be able to make a comeback.

This time, the strategy that Li Mu formulated for Le Tao and Boss Ma was different from every previous time. The biggest difference was that this time, Li Mu wouldn't take the initiative to launch any attacks on Le Tao. He would only provide him with an inspiration, an inspiration to trap himself in a cocoon, and let him lead himself to a dead end little by little.

Therefore, seeing that Boss Ma had taken a step forward, Li Mu was particularly relaxed and fully devoted himself to the upcoming farewell ceremony.

At 8: 30 AM on the 18th, Li Mu and many Makino Technology employees passed through the security check of the Capital Airport and came to the largest helipad in the Capital Airport of Air China.

The Air China Boeing 747 that was about to set off to the United States with nearly a hundred Makino Technology employees was quietly parked on the helipad at this time. There was a huge red ribbon on the fuselage, which looked very festive. There was also a huge banner that read: "Makino Technology – Make the World More Focus".

In addition, the prepared ladder car on the side had already been laid with a red carpet in advance, and the ground had also been neatly paved with a red carpet. At that time, the first batch of Makino Technology employees to the United States would walk on the red carpet and step on the ladder car to board the plane. It was very ceremonial.

On the side of the helipad, the stage had already been set up, and the staff of the executive company had already been in place, making all the necessary preparations.

More than a hundred reporters from domestic and foreign media had also arrived before Li Mu's arrival. Now, reporters from major media outlets all over the country and even the world in Yanjing liked to participate in Makino Technology's activities the most. Not only was it because Makino Technology always made big news, but there was also something that could not be clearly stated, which was the transportation fees and various gifts that Makino Technology generously prepared for the reporters.

These employees who were about to cross the ocean and fight for Makino Technology on the other side of the world were all quite excited when they saw such a grand ceremony. It was not an exaggeration to say that they were surging.

Although Muye Technology had used perfect and generous employee benefits to make them feel that the company valued them, today's scene still refreshed their understanding of the company in their hearts, as well as the degree to which they were valued by the company.

Lin Ching-ah went to the United States in advance. This time, Li Mu let his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, take on the heavy burden. The executive supervision, on-site coordination, and media relations were almost all handed over to her.

Li Ziwei was personally trained by Lin Ching-ah and recommended to Li Mu by Lin Ching-ah. There was no doubt about her ability to do things, and she was especially good at sorting out complicated relationships. Before Li Mu arrived, she had already sorted out the entire process of the farewell ceremony.

Li Mu and other core members of Makino Technology came to the scene together. Li Ziwei found him immediately and told him about the general situation of today's farewell ceremony.

"Li Zong, the farewell ceremony will start at 9: 30 sharp. The host will open the ceremony first, and then Mr. Kong will go on stage to talk about the development of Makino Technology. Then, several leaders of the team going to the United States will go on stage to give some motivational speeches and express their determination. Finally, you will come on stage to give a concluding speech and boost the morale. Our entire farewell ceremony is over."

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "What time is the specific end time?"

Li Ziwei said, "If there are no accidents, it should be around 10: 40. At that time, our employees will have half an hour to board the plane. The person from Air China said that the plane will close the hatch at 11: 10 and start taxiing. After taxiing for ten minutes, we will enter the queue for takeoff. Then, we will queue for about ten minutes before taking off. The departure time is set at 11: 30 according to the original plan."

Li Mu asked her, "Are these time points controllable?"

Li Ziwei nodded. "It's basically controllable. As long as you and the other leaders don't talk too much on stage and can't hold back, there will be no problem. At the airport, Air China has already confirmed with the control tower that there is no air traffic control today. The weather conditions are also very good, so as long as the airport conditions are suitable for takeoff at 11: 30, we will guarantee that our plane will take off first."

Li Mu was slightly surprised and asked with a smile, "Why is Air China so awesome?"

Li Ziwei pursed her lips into a smile and said, "Li Zong, our Makino Technology has already become a national enterprise, and its social influence is extraordinary. The airport itself also attaches great importance to our farewell ceremony, so they, like Air China, are doing their best to ensure that our plane will not be affected by other things."

"That's good." Li Mu nodded lightly and asked her, "How many media reporters are here today?"

Li Ziwei blurted out without hesitation, "As of three minutes ago, there are a total of 386 media reporters who have confirmed their attendance, and it's still increasing."

Li Mu was especially satisfied with Li Ziwei's performance. After a few words of praise, he let her go first, while he and a few core team members went to the lounge provided by Air China.

Makino Technology's farewell ceremony this time attracted a lot of attention in the society, and even the municipal government had heard about it. Just two days ago, the municipal government office had specially contacted Makino Technology and vaguely asked Li Mu if the municipal government leaders needed to be present for this farewell ceremony. Li Mu considered it again and again and still declined.

For Li Mu, this farewell ceremony was a signal that Makino Technology officially entered the overseas market. For the more open Western market, this approach of Makino Technology would not be rejected by the Western market. However, if the role of the government's participation was too obvious, it would inevitably send a signal to the overseas market that Makino Technology and Hua Xia's government had a close relationship. In a market economy, the capital of various countries was somewhat repulsed by the government's participation. Li Mu also did not want Makino Technology to be vigilant by the capital market that followed the market economy system just as it set out.

Therefore, this time, Makino Technology did not invite any government officials, or even any stars or VIPs. Li Mu just wanted to simply release a simple and direct signal to the world's Internet market: "I'm coming!"

At 9: 30 in the morning, with the background music of the simple program "Fly Higher", the farewell ceremony began on time.

More than 300 folding chairs were placed under the stage. Not only were all the Makino Technology employees who were about to take the Boeing 747 behind them to the United States sitting in the audience, there were also many representatives of Makino Technology's employees who stayed in China.

Behind these employees was a group of more than 400 media reporters, which was quite a large array.

After a simple opening, the host invited Kong Lingyu, the general manager of Makino Technology, to wait to give a speech. Kong Lingyu was a technical man. Although his eloquence was average, after being influenced by Li Mu for so long, his ability to control big scenes had become stronger and stronger.

Standing on the stage, Kong Lingyu gave a brief account of how he and Li Mu had started their business together. As the founding father of Li Mu's business, the founding father of Muye Technology, and the general manager of Muye Technology, Kong Lingyu told the audience about his special feelings for Muye Technology. Through his memories, he also led the audience to relive the development process of Muye Technology from scratch.

The entrepreneurial process of Makino Technology was not difficult, but it was full of exciting inspirational points. In just over a year, one after another, god-level products were born, so that Makino Technology continued to develop by leaps and bounds in a short period of time. While Makino Technology created a large number of new products, it also developed by leaps and bounds in the overseas market with its extraordinary product strength, creating a history that Hua Xia dared not imagine before in the Internet industry.

Kong Lingyu's speech made all the Makino Technology employees in the audience particularly excited. They couldn't wait to break out of the restrictions of the national border and go overseas to develop Makino Technology.

Several team leaders who went to the United States next to the stage were obviously excited when they came on the stage. Each of them was like the captain of a suicide squad, expressing their determination to promote the development of the company with all their strength!

The Makino Technology employees in the audience were all eager to go to the United States immediately, starting from the United States, and promoting YY to the world.