Chapter 754

Since his rebirth, Li Mu had rarely suffered from insomnia. Today was the first time.

It was not that Li Mu was rarely sentimental, but that he had no time at all.

Ever since his rebirth, he had been in a hurry. He did not even have time to thank God. He immediately got up from the stretcher in the ambulance and rushed to the examination room with his face covered in blood. It was also because of this hurried start that Li Mu was destined to be a rhythm carrying player from the very beginning.

He had just reversed the history of his abnormal performance in the college entrance examination. Before the results were out, he immediately began to think of ways to make money and accumulate initial capital.

He had just made a small amount of money, but he immediately split it into two halves. One half was used to change the lives of his parents, and the other half was thrown into the Internet.

He had just made a little bit of progress on the Internet, but he had desperately accelerated his growth like cell division. He had been running forward in this industry without stopping.

In more than a year, he had already copied the T and A in BTA and carried out his own secondary development on the basis of the original version.

In more than a year, he had a net worth of more than ten billion yuan. Li Mu had also been in a trance. He had also asked himself if this was a dream.

Was this a fantasy that allowed him to dress up as he pleased?

If that wasn't the case, why would success come so smoothly, and why would it be lined up one after another, waiting for his arrival?

Lying in bed and tossing and turning, Li Mu felt that everything about him now was particularly illusory. Even he felt that it was unreal. After the interview tomorrow and the whole country saw it, would they doubt the authenticity of it even more?

However, when Li Mu thought about it carefully, he felt that his business development over the past year was not really that smooth. There were several times when he could have been trampled to death by his opponents. Fortunately, he was the one who won in the end.

In order to prevent Teng Xun from replicating and surpassing him, Li Mu had invested a lot of energy in Tieba and Happy Farm. He had invested a lot of money in the Internet Water Army that Zhao Kang had secretly developed to defend Tieba and hit Q Bar hard. His technical accumulation in Happy Farm allowed him to defeat QQ Fishery and persist until YY went online. In the end, he defeated YY through careful planning, strong ecology, and a complete strategy. Then, he defeated Lianzhong, defeated Hao123, defeated all the portals, and then defeated Makino Technology to the scale it was today.

It was not by chance that Taobao could achieve what it was today. If he had been a little lax in logistics, today's Taobao might not have been a stroke of genius that surprised the whole society. Instead, it was likely to become a big failure in the Internet industry that the whole society condemned.

Thinking about the world's top billionaires in his previous life, each of them had a legendary experience. With his experience and net worth, there seemed to be a big gap between him and the real top billionaires. Not to mention others, Bill Gates had been on the world's richest list for more than 20 years. If he remembered correctly, his personal assets had reached 60 billion US dollars in 2000. His current assets were less than 2 billion US dollars. There was still a huge gap between him and Bill Gates.

When he thought of Bill Gates, Li Mu once again firmly believed in his understanding in his heart. The assets of the super rich must be developed by leaps and bounds, not by little accumulation. If he wanted to surpass Bill Gates in his lifetime, he had to earn at least 1 billion US dollars every year in the next 60 years. Who could guarantee that he could earn 1 billion US dollars every year in the rapidly changing international economic situation?

This was an almost impossible task.

However, if he thought about it from another perspective, if he seized the opportunity and continued to bring himself leaps and bounds, the possibility of surpassing Bill Gates in his lifetime would be greatly increased. Assuming that his total assets were 2 billion US dollars, and every time he found a leaps and bounds opportunity to double his assets, it would only take five times for his assets to go from 2 billion US dollars to 64 billion US dollars.

He had 14 years of history in reserve. In these 14 years, as long as he laid down a sufficient foundation, he could be in an invincible position. Thinking of this, Li Mu felt that as long as he seized the opportunity and matched it with the right timing, location, and people, he might be able to become the world's richest man before 2016.

As his thoughts ran wild, Li Mu did not know what time he fell asleep. At 8 o 'clock the next morning, Li Mu was woken up by Liu Xiaodong's phone call. On the phone, Liu Xiaodong told Li Mu that Central TV had already contacted him. They were going to go to the set now. At the same time, Li Mu also had to arrive at the set as soon as possible. On one hand, they had to seek his opinion on the set and the location. On the other hand, Central TV also hoped that he could arrive early so that he could discuss the details of the interview with the host before the filming started.

Li Mu did not know whether he had slept for four hours last night. When he got up, he felt a little dizzy. He stood for a while with his hand on the wall before he recovered. Then, he quickly washed up and prepared to go out.

Li Mu originally wanted to wear a formal suit. The weather was hot, so he could dispense with a suit, but trousers and a shirt were naturally indispensable. However, after some thought, Li Mu did not want to appear too serious in front of the TV, so he chose a checkered short-sleeved shirt and a pair of khaki casual pants. This would make him look younger and not so rigid.

When he arrived downstairs, Li Ma had already prepared breakfast. Li Mu had no appetite, so he made do with two bites and was about to go out. Li Ma could not stop him, so she could only send him out with Papa Lee.

As soon as Li Mu drove the car out of the garage, Wei Lan, who was wearing casual clothes, with her beauty, figure, and vitality, suddenly appeared at the door of her house with a paper bag in her hand. She smiled and greeted Papa Lee and Li Ma, who were outside the car. "Good morning, Uncle and Auntie!"

Papa Lee and Li Ma were quite surprised. They did not expect Wei Lan to come so early. Li Mu rolled down the window and asked curiously, "Why are you here?"

"I came to see you."

Wei Lan raised her head to look at Li Mu and smiled slightly. She then said to Papa Lee and Li Ma, "Uncle and Auntie, I have something to discuss with Li Mu, so I won't be accompanying you guys!"

As she said that, Wei Lan waved at Papa Lee and Li Ma, then hurriedly opened the door to the front passenger seat of Li Mu's car and sat down.

Papa Lee and Li Ma finally reacted and hurriedly asked Wei Lan, "Have you had breakfast?

Why don't you eat something first before you leave? "

Wei Lan poked her head out and smiled. "I've eaten, Auntie."

Li Mu did not know why Wei Lan came looking for him so early in the morning. Seeing that it was getting late, he decided to drive out first. So he said goodbye to his parents and drove out of the house.

As soon as he left the house, Li Mu asked Wei Lan, "Why did you run over here?"

"To look for you." Wei Lan said, "Aren't you going to be interviewed today?

I was afraid that you would be nervous, so I asked for leave from Manager Song to accompany you. "

Song Liang, Chen Ze, and Wei Lan all knew that Li Mu was going to be interviewed. However, Li Mu did not expect that Wei Lan would come over early in the morning to accompany him for an interview. The reason was that she was afraid that he would be nervous.

Although Li Mu was indeed a little nervous, he still said stubbornly, "What's there to be nervous about …"

Wei Lan smiled helplessly. She lowered her head and took out a drink from the bag at her feet. She placed it on the cup holder next to Li Mu's hand and said, "Look at the dark circles under your eyes. You didn't sleep well last night, did you?

How dare you say that you're not nervous and drink a cup of coffee to refresh yourself. "

Li Mu tilted his head slightly and looked at the rearview mirror. Sure enough, there were some dark circles under his eyes.

Picking up the coffee and taking a big sip, Li Mu sighed and said, "I had insomnia last night. My mind was in a state of excitement, and I didn't know when I fell asleep and how long I slept." Hearing that, Li Mu sighed and said, "I couldn't sleep last night.

"I guess you will definitely have insomnia."

"Why?"

"Intuition."

With that, Wei Lan winked and smiled. She said with a little playfulness, "It's not intuition. In fact, it's mainly because I thought about you yesterday. I couldn't sleep because of thinking about it, so I guess that you, the person involved, can't escape."

Li Mu couldn't help asking her, "What are you thinking about for me? You can't sleep because of it?"

Wei Lan smiled faintly, "I think if I were you, I would definitely give up today."

After that, Wei Lan looked sideways at Li Mu and asked with concern, "You couldn't sleep last night. Was it because you weren't ready?"

Li Mu nodded.

Wei Lan asked again, "Are you nervous?"

Li Mu smacked his lips and said truthfully, "I'm not nervous about the interview. What I'm nervous about is after the interview is broadcast."

Wei Lan nodded in understanding and said with a smile, "If I were you, I would definitely be nervous too. After the interview is broadcast, you will become the focus of the whole society. Teenagers will see you as their biggest role model, and your peers will treat you as a god. Middle-aged people will feel ashamed of their inferiority when facing your achievements, and those middle-aged and old people will sigh with emotion like 'Their children should be like Sun Zhongmou' when facing you. You may become the most desirable bachelor in the country for single women aged 14 to 34 …"

Li Mu couldn't help but smile and said, "That's not what I'm nervous about. What others think of me isn't that important to me. The main thing is that once I stand up, my life, career, and even my studies will change dramatically. I don't know if I can adapt to it as soon as possible."

Wei Lan asked him with a smile, "Does your girlfriend know?"

Li Mu was suddenly stunned. He took out his phone and muttered, "F * ck, I forgot to call and tell her!"

Taking out his phone, Li Mu immediately called Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue's voice came from the phone and asked him with a smile, "Why are you calling me so early?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm going to accept an interview with CCTV today."

"Hmm." Su Yingxue asked, "Is it because of Taobao?"

"Yes." Li Mu said, "There's also the Makino Technology."

Su Yingxue was slightly surprised and asked, "Are you ready?"

"Sort of …"

The other end of the phone paused and said, "No matter what your decision is, I will support you."

Li Mu didn't say too much to Su Yingxue. After a few words of concern for each other, Li Mu hung up the phone. Wei Lan felt strange at the side. She didn't know that Li Mu had a girlfriend. What she said just now was half a tease and half a test.

Seeing that Li Mu really called his girlfriend, she didn't have time to tease Li Mu. Li Mu hung up the phone and called Zhao Ziqiu …