Chapter 1729

Chen Wan stayed at Ziyun Villa for two days. Two days later, she went to her parents' house in Beijing and planned to stay with them for another two days before returning to Xiang City.

Li Mu received a reply from Elon Musk. Ford refused to budge at 6.8 billion USD, and the negotiations were in a stalemate.

Google's CEO, Larry Page, told Li Mu that Google's IPO preparations were completed, and they would ring the bell on Nasdaq in a week.

As Google's CEO, Larry Page naturally had to attend the bell ringing ceremony. However, he hoped to invite Li Mu because if Li Mu endorsed Google, Google's recognition from the capital market would have to be recalculated.

Based on the current internet market, although Makino Technology's valuation was only above 200 billion USD, which was not even comparable to Li Tengxun in his previous life, the key was that in this era, there was no internet company with such a high market value.

Therefore, Li Mu's current status and identity were almost equivalent to Apple's Steve Jobs + Amazon's Jeff Bezos + Hua Xia + Mark Zuckerberg + Elon Musk in the future.

If there was a phrase that all the people in the 80s knew to describe it, it would be "Six Gods Combined".

Think about it, if any company in the future were to ring the bell and be able to invite all these big shots, how awesome would that be?

Now, Li Mu alone was enough.

This time, Nasdaq's underwriters valued Google's IPO at 48 billion USD. The share price was 80 USD, and it was expected to raise 4 billion USD.

As Google's 30% shareholder, Makino Technology planned to sell 2.8% of its shares in this IPO.

Even so, Makino Technology would still hold 27.2% of Google's shares.

Back then, Google was forced by Li Mu to acquire Muye & Co, a joint venture company with Baidu. Google seemed to be losing money, but it was actually a blessing in disguise.

For a big shot like Li Mu, after he held a stake in Google, he immediately directed all the search traffic, except for Hua Xia, into Google. He even opened many YY portals to Google, allowing Google to develop rapidly. The capital market's recognition of Google also increased.

Without Makino Technology's investment, Google's IPO valuation would only be around 20 billion USD at most, and this was without Muye & Co's influence. If Li Mu fully supported Muye & Co and launched the search engine jointly created by Makino Technology and Baidu, with Makino Technology's number of users, Google would be cut in half.

If that's the case, Google won't even get 10 billion USD.

In the current era where internet payments had not been fully popularized and internet payments had not been fully popularized, whoever had the internet traffic was the daddy, not to mention a super daddy like Li Mu.

Now, although Google had to give up its territory and pay compensation, it also received a lot of resources. After getting a valuation of 48 billion USD, Larry Page could not help but feel lucky when he looked back at Li Mu's previous coercion.

Luckily, Google had agreed to cooperate with Li Mu, and now, Google had established an unparalleled foundation.

Li Mu did not want to participate in the bell ringing ceremony at first. He was not happy about going to another company's bell ringing ceremony before his company had even rung the bell.

But when he thought about it carefully, he was also a shareholder of Google. If Google's share price rose, Makino Technology's valuation would also be affected. Furthermore, he was going to the US to negotiate with Ford, so he might as well make a big splash.

In Li Mu's mind, he would first quietly go to the US and acquire Ford and the other two brands. After signing the contract, he would immediately announce it to the world. Then, he would go straight to New York to participate in Google's bell ringing ceremony. Then, he would officially announce that Makino Technology would launch an IPO in the second half of this year. This three consecutive victories would definitely have a huge impact on the world.

Thinking of this, Li Mu agreed to Larry Page's invitation. However, he had a request that it must be kept a secret.

Larry Page was overjoyed and quickly agreed. To him, being able to invite Li Mu, who was a combination of six gods, to the bell ringing ceremony was a huge deal.

Furthermore, he knew very well that Li Mu had not participated in any bell ringing ceremony before.

This meant that the day Google went public would be Li Mu's first bell ringing ceremony.

…

When Li Mu decided to leave for the US, he called Chen Ze in advance.

Chen Ze was now running between Wanying Real Estate and the race track every day. He was so busy that he had not contacted Li Mu for a while.

Li Mu asked him as soon as he got on the phone, "Old Chen, how's the race track?"

"It's very awesome."

Chen Ze said excitedly, "You're always so elusive. When are you going to come to the race track to take a look? Our CSC Club is now very awesome. We have more than 200 supercar members in the Yan Jing area alone. It's usually very lively, and it's even livelier on the weekends."

Li Mu laughed and said, "That's amazing … You really know how to use words …"

As he spoke, Li Mu asked again, "How's the Go-Karting team?"

Chen Ze said, "They're training every day. Didn't they recruit a few young racers with more potential to participate in the National Youth Karting Championship? Then, they'll gradually participate in some international low-level competitions."

Li Mu nodded. "Are you free these two days?"

"What?" Chen Ze laughed and asked, "You want to treat me to a meal?"

Li Mu said, "I want to treat you to a trip. Pack your things and accompany me to the US in the next two days."

"What?" Chen Ze hurriedly said, "Why are you asking me to go to the US if there's nothing? Can't you ask Wei Lan to accompany you?

I'm busy. "

Li Mu said, "You know what to do. You're asking Wei Lan to accompany me?"

Chen Ze laughed and said, "I don't know what you're going to do, but it's not wrong for Wei Lan to accompany you. It's not like Brother Liang and I don't know what's going on between the two of you."

"Stop."

Li Mu said, "I have something important to discuss in the US this time. And let me tell you this, if you don't come, you'll regret it for the rest of your life."

"Who are you trying to fool?" Chen Ze snorted. "It's not like I haven't been to the US before. What's there for me to regret for the rest of my life?"

After saying that, he hurriedly said, "Unless you tell me what you're going to do first."

Li Mu said, "It's up to you whether you want to go or not. If you're going, go back and pack your things and prepare your passport. When the time comes, come directly to the airport. If you don't want to go, then forget it."

Chen Ze hurriedly said, "Aiya, don't, Mu Ge. I really have something to do. I'm so busy. Wan Ying has a lot of things to do every day. The club also has a lot of things to do, and the team also has a lot of things to do. I'm really busy with eight people. If there's nothing important, I really won't go to the US. But if there's something important, tell me clearly and I'll definitely go with you."

Li Mu said, "I'll let you know a little. This time, I'm going to the US to dig up the potential assets of the Latin American imperialists. Think about it yourself."

"Dig up the potential assets of the Latin American imperialists?" Chen Ze was stunned. "What the f * ck is that supposed to be a leak? What's there to dig up?"

Li Mu said disdainfully, "Forget it. Just wait and regret it."

Chen Ze hurriedly said, "Don't, don't, don't. Mu Ge, I believe you. I, Old Chen, have always believed in you …"

As he said that, he steeled his heart and said, "Alright, I'll go!

I'll say hello to Brother Liang and the others! "

"Okay." Li Mu said, "Arrive at the airport at ten o 'clock in the morning the day after tomorrow, at the business terminal."

Chen Ze hurriedly asked, "Do you want to call Weilan along?"

Li Mu said, "If I bring you and Weilan along, Brother Liang will definitely fight me to the death."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "He will definitely understand."

"Forget it." Li Mu said, "If I ask Weilan to come along, I don't want to bring you along."

"You value your girlfriend more than your friends."

Chen Ze spat and said, "Then let's do it in the morning the day after tomorrow. I won't argue with you anymore. Hurry up and arrange the work."

…

Until they got on Li Mu's business jet, Chen Ze still did not understand why Li Mu wanted to bring him to the United States.

In fact, Li Mu wanted to bring him to see the world. They were good brothers after all. In addition, Li Mu knew that he loved cars as much as his life. Even though he loved cars so much, his biggest dream was to set up a Formula 3 team and cultivate an F1 racer like Hua Xia. How could he dare to dream about building his own cars, sports cars, rally cars, and F1 racers?

Li Mu had already found the leverage and fulcrum to pry open the capital. With his current path, no matter what he did, he would either not do it or go big.

If he took over the three brands of Ford, it would be easy to set up rally and touring car racing. After a few years of accumulation, he would throw in some money. How much money would it cost to set up an F1 team?

It would only cost two to three hundred million US dollars a year. This did not even count the income. Just the sponsors alone could earn more than half of it. If it was not enough, he could just sponsor himself.

Anyway, there was a budget for promotion every year. It did not matter where he spent the money to promote.

Therefore, in Li Mu's view, setting up his own F1 team was just around the corner.

It was just nice to bring Chen Ze over this time and let him know his strategy. It could also be considered a surprise to him. After all, his future layout in the automobile industry was tens of times bigger than the biggest dream of Chen Ze.

After getting on the plane and watching the plane take off, Chen Ze was still asking Li Mu, "Why are we going to the United States this time?

Can you tell me now? "

Li Mu waved his hand, "Don't worry, wait a little longer. When we get there, you will slowly know."

"Sh * t …" Chen Ze shook his head helplessly and said, "You are really tight-lipped. You are going to kill me."

Speaking of this, Chen Ze hurriedly asked, "Then which city in the United States are we going to? Can you at least tell me?"

Li Mu said faintly, "Michigan, Dearborn."

"Where is this?

I have never heard of it … "Chen Ze could not help but fall into deep thought.

Before he came here, he thought that Li Mu might take him to New York to do some financial operations, or to Los Angeles and Hollywood to have some fun, or to Washington to show off. But he did not expect that they would go to an unknown place.

He knew Detroit from Michigan, but he didn't know where Dearborn was.

In fact, Dearborn was a satellite city of Detroit. It was a bit like a county-level city under the jurisdiction of a prefecture-level city in Hua Xia. Although everyone knew that Detroit was a famous automobile city, not many people knew about Dearborn.

Li Mu looked at Chen Ze and said with a faint smile, "Don't worry. After twelve hours, you will know everything."