Chapter 260

Baidu was also quite satisfied with the company's division and share conversion. Although they were partners, their goal from the beginning was to take over the company. However, Li Mu's capital level was very strict, so it was difficult for them to find a breakthrough point in a short time.

The development process of a company after financing was similar to many people sailing together. Everyone worked together to build a bigger ship and sail further. If the founder operated the ship well, he could always steer the ship. However, the capital on the ship was always restless. Sometimes, they didn't want the ship to sail too smoothly. Instead, they wanted a big hole in the ship's hull to disrupt the rhythm of the steersman and divert the steersman's energy. They could even force the founder to give up more benefits or even give up control when they helped the founder solve problems.

However, Li Mu did not give them such a chance. He used Baidu to build a solid foundation for Tieba, which was equivalent to building a foundation for a skyscraper. Baidu could not help much with the superstructure. Once they left, he could focus on building the superstructure.

He made a call to Kong Lingyu. He didn't have any other requests, just that his personal space and Happy Farm had to be developed as soon as possible. Moreover, Happy Farm's technical requirements were too low. Once it exploded with huge social potential and became popular on the internet, it would definitely attract a lot of companies to imitate it. Creativity and design were the easiest things to be copied on the internet. Li Mu understood that as long as an experienced designer saw the design of Happy Farm, he would be able to copy it and come up with a version that was close to the mark. Therefore, the real key to success was creativity.

Li Mu's goal was to first develop a 1.0 version. Then, with 1.0 as the foundation, he would develop many upgraded versions. Each version would bring new creative upgrades. For example, there would be an increase in crops, accessories, and functional items. At the same time, he would also plan various promotional activities so that the companies that imitated him would never be able to keep up.

For example, he would first introduce Happy Farm, which could only grow crops and steal vegetables.

Once someone imitated it, they would immediately introduce all kinds of cartoon costumes and functional items. One of the trump cards was fertilizer.

Normal crops needed a fixed time to grow. Even if the user was online for a certain amount of time.

Every time he planted and harvested his vegetables, he would not level up too quickly. However, it was different when he used fertilizer. It could shorten the time it took for the crops to mature by several times, and it was the most important tool in Happy's Farm.

There were many types of chemical fertilizers, such as ordinary chemical fertilizers, high-speed chemical fertilizers, and rapid chemical fertilizers.

In the future, Happy Farm stimulated users to share the game and the cost of inviting players was very low. With a few packets of virtual fertilizer, those persistent users would want to add all their friends to the game. It was very attractive.

In addition to fertilizers, there were also insecticides, herbicides, and friendly fertilizers in the inventory. They could also raise dogs to prevent their friends from stealing their vegetables. Friendly fertilizers were very useful, allowing their friends' crops to ripen an hour earlier.

In other words, players could use this fertilizer to make their friends miss the harvest time and steal their crops.

Not only would he always have hidden strength in terms of equipment, but Li Mu also had a few tricks up his sleeves in terms of game logic, such as a hidden crop system, a pet upgrade system, a land upgrade system, a random reward system when plowing the land, and even the outline of a ranch had been proposed. Once the farm was online, the ranch would begin to be developed.

In summary, all the technical reserves were to ensure that during the peak life cycle of farming games of more than half a year.

No competitors would be able to pose a threat to him.

Kong Lingyu also knew the importance of this matter. The valuation of Series B depended on the game's influence, so he worked overtime with the team all day long.

They only wanted to complete all the development work as soon as possible.

Li Mu treated Lin Ching-ah and Lawyer Chen to a meal. After the meal, he passed the contract to Lin Ching-ah and asked her to bring it back to the company for filing and safekeeping.

In the afternoon, the 4S shop gave Li Mu a call. The car was repaired and he could pick it up at any time.

Li Mu went straight to the 4S shop.

After picking up the car, Chen Ze gave him another call, saying that Fatty Wang had already started to operate SugarClub. Everyone could first transfer the investment money to him, and there was no need to worry about the follow-up. Fatty Wang would take care of everything himself.

Li Mu needed to fork out 500,000 yuan, which was not a problem. He could directly transfer the money to Fatty Wang from the external income account. As long as the money was not directly transferred into his own account, there would not be any danger. It was a great thing to be able to invest it like this.

However, Li Mu thought of Lin Lin. He did not know if this woman would still invest after a few conflicts.

Just as he was about to ask Chen Ze, Chen Ze said to Li Mu over the phone, "Originally, I was going to arrange for everyone to have a meal together, but Lin Lin is really stubborn. She said she did not want to see you, so I won't organize shareholder meetings for this period of time. Let's meet up privately."

Li Mu grunted and asked, "Is she still going to invest?"

Chen Ze said, "She will, but she still said it's not over with you. I'm afraid she will still cause you trouble in the future, but you have to give in to her a little. Lin Lin may be stubborn, but she knows her limits. You have to bear with her."

Li Mu agreed. Last time, he did not plan to fight with Lin Chu, but Zhang Kexuan, who was next to him, also had a temper. He could not stand it, so he kicked him. If they met again in the future, he naturally could not aggravate the conflict, or else it would not look good on Chen Ze.

Then, Li Mu contacted Fatty Wang and asked for his bank account. Then, he called Zhao Kang and asked him to transfer 500,000 yuan to him. The legendary overlord could earn millions in a month, which was considered a windfall. Investing this amount of money, Li Mu did not feel bad at all.

…

Li Mu spent the whole afternoon writing the outline of "Old Boys" into a script that was about 10,000 words long. The length of the film was tentatively set to be 40 minutes. This script was very passionate for Li Mu, especially when it was accompanied by the song "Old Boys". He could really feel the impulse to disregard everything for his ideals. For men, other than women, the thing that could make their blood boil the most should be their ideals.

After the script was written, Li Mu quickly sent it to Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei via email. However, he did not know if Du Wei's sister, who was far away in the United States, would agree or not.

Regardless of whether Du Wei's sister would agree or not, the filming of "Old Boys" was about to enter the official preparation stage. All the crew members were still clueless and had to quickly gather the team. The filming, recording, and props were the two most important teams. Micro movies had a low budget and fewer tasks, so the other parts were easy to handle.

The investment was not a big problem. Makino Technology would be the title sponsor, and the rest would be Hui Ka Ming's help. He should have many connections in the business world in Beijing. With a simple plan, he could find some suitable businesses to sponsor some advertising fees, and the entire film's cost would be covered.

Li Mu wanted to go directly to Beijing Film Academy and try to gather the entire team there. At the same time, he could also choose the roles. The second male lead had not been decided yet, and the other roles with lines could also be dug out from the students of the film academy.

He gave Du Wei a call and told her that the script had been sent to her email. He asked her to forward it to her sister as soon as possible. After doing all this, the sky outside was gradually darkening. Zhang Kexuan called and said that Chen Wan had to work overtime tonight. The dinner was originally scheduled to be at seven, but now it had to be changed to eight.

Zhang Kexuan said that it was still early, so he would drive over to pick up Li Mu. Li Mu said that his car had been repaired and brought back, so he could drive there himself.

Zhang Kexuan did not insist. He told Li Mu the name and address of the restaurant again, and then hung up the phone.

The restaurant for dinner was near Beijing Television Station. Li Mu arrived at the restaurant ten minutes earlier and waited with Zhang Kexuan for a while. Chen Wan finally arrived at around eight ten, panting.

The moment Zhang Kexuan saw Chen Wan, he said, "You've only been in Beijing for a few days, how did you lose weight?"

Li Mu also noticed that Chen Wan had become a little thinner, and even her skin was not as bright as before.

Chen Wan smiled and sat across the two of them. She glanced at Li Mu with a warm gaze and said, "I'm too busy with work, so I have to work overtime every day."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Even if interns are tired, I've never seen anyone as busy as you. If you can't do it, I'll ask my friends if they have any connections in Beijing Television Station to help you call them."

Chen Wan said, "No need, there's nothing we can do about being busy. After this period of time, when the matter of appearing on camera is settled, it should be better."

Li Mu asked her, "What's going on with appearing on camera?

Weren't you just an assistant host when you applied for the job? Are they still letting you do odd jobs now? "

Chen Wan explained, "It's more difficult for newcomers to appear on camera, and the host of our program is a little against me, purposely suppressing me from appearing on camera. The other newcomers have already completed their on-camera training, but they still arrange various other tasks for me, so I can only persevere for a while longer and see how it goes."

Li Mu frowned and asked her, "How long does it take for a professional assistant host to appear on camera after entering the television station?"

Chen Wan said, "At least a month, and I haven't even reached a month yet."

As she spoke, Chen Wan shrugged and said, "The key is that even if the others can't appear on camera for the time being, they have been preparing for filming. When the time comes, they can basically appear on camera smoothly, but I haven't been arranged to prepare for filming. I've been working as the host's assistant."

Zhang Kexuan said unhappily, "You're an assistant host, not the host's assistant. Just change the order, but the nature of the work is like heaven and earth."

Chen Wan nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, but there's no other way. She's my senior, and she has been the host of this program since its inception. The director has to listen to her on many things. She doesn't want me to appear on camera now, perhaps because she has a strong desire to protect this program. It's understandable."

Li Mu asked her, "What's the name of the program?"