Chapter 343

For Su Yingxue's roommates, they had long been accustomed to Su Yingxue's behavior of not returning at night. After all, they all knew that she had relatives in Yanjing, and she would sleep at relatives' houses every few days, so they were not surprised that she was not in the dormitory. Someone called to find her, and naturally used this excuse.

But the classmate who answered the phone did not know that the caller was Su Yingxue's aunt, Su Yuehua, who was also Su Yingxue's only relative in Yanjing.

When Su Yuehua heard that Su Yingxue did not return to the dormitory, she was so anxious that the phone slipped out of her hand and fell to the ground. The back cover of the phone and the battery were thrown far away.

Wang Shaohua hurriedly picked up the phone, the back cover, and the battery, and reassembled them. Su Yuehua said nervously, "What do you think Yingxue is thinking … She is usually so obedient, so excellent … How could she do such a thing …"

Wang Shaohua comforted her, "Don't jump to conclusions. Everything is still unclear now, and you don't understand the situation."

Su Yuehua said anxiously, "How else can I understand? You saw her drive away with a boy, and now she hasn't returned to the dormitory. Today is not the weekend, and the dormitory is closed at this time. She can't get out or get in. She is obviously not going to return at night. If a girl spends the night with a boy, she will suffer a lot!"

Wang Shaohua hesitated for a moment and said, "Why don't you call her?"

Su Yuehua came back to her senses and immediately said, "Call, I have to call her. I have to ask where she is!"

Wang Shaohua said, "You have to pay attention to your wording. You can't question her directly."

Su Yuehua asked, "Then what should I say?"

Wang Shaohua thought for a moment and said, "You can say that you called her dormitory, but she was not there. Ask her where she is. She didn't return to the dormitory so late, so she must have nowhere to stay. You can say that we went to pick her up to live at home. Don't ask her directly, and don't say that I saw her drive away with a boy, so that she won't resist."

Su Yuehua thought for a moment, nodded and said, "Okay, then do as you say."

…

With Su Yingxue around, Li Mu's bath speed was much faster than before. He didn't want her to wait outside alone. Besides, Li Mu's mind was filled with urging her to take a bath quickly. He didn't have any lewd thoughts in his mind. He just wanted to wait for her to finish bathing and hug her to have a good sleep.

When Li Mu came out of the bathroom wearing a pair of shorts, Su Yingxue was cleaning the living room. When Li Mu saw that she had cleaned the living room several times tidier than usual in just a short while, he sighed in his heart. In the past, he could always tell that Su Yingxue was really a good girl who could handle both the living room and the kitchen. In his previous life, Su Yingxue was a good student outside and a strong woman at work. No one had seen what she was like at home. Now that he saw her, he realized that she was really beautiful on the outside and intelligent on the inside.

When Su Yingxue saw Li Mu come out shirtless, she couldn't help but say, "Why don't you wear pajamas? Don't catch a cold."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's okay, the heater is quite good. Then, do you want to take a bath too?"

Su Yingxue looked at him reproachfully and said shyly, "I'll clean up the living room first. I'll take a bath later."

Li Mu said, "I'll clean up the rest. You should hurry up. I'm a little tired and want to sleep early."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu and sighed softly. "Okay, I'll listen to you."

After that, Su Yingxue put aside the ashtray in her hand and said to Li Mu, "You should smoke less."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't smoke a pack a week."

"You still have to smoke less. It's best if you don't smoke at all," Su Yingxue said without hesitation. Then she said, "I'm going to take a bath first."

As soon as she said that, Su Yingxue's phone rang. She took out her phone and looked at it. Her expression changed slightly. She looked up at Li Mu and said, "It's my auntie..."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I won't talk!"

After that, he tactfully shut his mouth. At the same time, he picked up his phone from the coffee table and muted it, afraid that he would receive a call or a text at this time.

A bad feeling flashed through Su Yingxue's heart. Her intuition told her that her auntie wouldn't call her so late at night. It was already 10: 40. Could it be that she had something urgent to tell her?

With a little apprehension, Su Yingxue pressed the answer button and tried to make her voice sound normal. "Hello, Auntie."

"Yingxue."

Su Yuehua also tried to make her tone as calm as possible. She pretended to ask casually, "I just called your dorm. Your roommate said you weren't there. Are you playing outside?"

Su Yingxue's heart skipped a beat. She quickly said, "Uh... yes... I was singing with a few classmates. I didn't pay attention to the time..."

Su Yuehua said with a bit of blame, "It's not the weekend. Why are you singing with classmates?"

Su Yingxue was stunned. She thought about it for a moment and stammered, "Well, I just happened to have a classmate's birthday, so I came out to sing..."

Su Yuehua's heartbeat suddenly sped up. On one hand, she was a little angry, but on the other hand, she was a little disappointed. Her niece had been excellent since she was young. Her image and temperament were also one in a million. She was the most proud of the younger generation in the family. Even her own daughter couldn't compare. But now, why was she alone with a boy at night and even learned to lie?

Although she was a little angry, Su Yuehua still tried to make her voice sound normal. She said, "You only care about playing. You don't have a sense of time. It's already so late. Can you guys still go back to the dorm?"

Su Yingxue was worried that if she said she could go back, her aunt would definitely call the dorm to confirm with her. She could only say, "Now that the dorm is closed, we can't go back. We are planning to stay outside for a night..."

"Stay outside for a night?" Su Yuehua heard this and her eyelids twitched. She quickly said, "How can you do that!

Girls can't just spend the night outside. It's too dangerous! "

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu and said guiltily, "Aunt, you don't have to worry. There are a few of us, and we are near the school..."

"That's still not okay."

Su Yuehua's tone suddenly hardened. She blurted out, "Where are you? Tell me your address. Your uncle and I will drive over to pick you up."

Su Yingxue quickly said, "Aunt, don't trouble yourself. I'm really fine..."

"Absolutely not!"

Su Yuehua said, "Yingxue, this is not negotiable. If you don't tell me your address, I can only call your mother. Otherwise, if she finds out that I didn't care about you even though you didn't come home, she will definitely be angry."

When Su Yingxue heard her aunt mention her mother, she instantly gave up resisting. She quickly said, "Aunt, don't worry. Can I take a taxi to your house later?"

Su Yuehua's tone softened a little. "Don't take a taxi. Tell me the address. Your uncle and I will go out now."

Su Yingxue said, "It's so far away. It will be too much trouble for you and uncle to drive out at night. I will take a taxi."

Su Yuehua saw that Su Yingxue didn't want to tell her the address, so she said, "You can take a taxi, but you must be home within half an hour. The road is good at this time. Half an hour from your school is enough."

Su Yingxue could only say, "Okay, I will take a taxi."

"Hurry up!"

Su Yingxue hung up the phone and looked at Li Mu helplessly and guiltily. She said, "My aunt wants me to go to her house..."

Li Mu had heard most of the conversation just now. He nodded in understanding and said, "I will take you there."

"No need. You are quite tired today. Rest early."

Li Mu said, "It's okay. I'm not tired. I don't feel at ease if you walk alone."

"But you drank..."

"It's okay. I didn't drink too much."

"Didn't you say you were dizzy?"

"I'm fine now after showering."

With that, Li Mu had already started to put on his clothes. Su Yingxue saw that he was determined, so she didn't refuse.

Li Mu put on his clothes, took his mobile phone and car keys, and said to Su Yingxue, "Let's go."

Su Yingxue's eyes were shining. She walked up and gently snuggled into Li Mu's arms. She pressed her cheek against his chest and said, "Sorry, I can't accompany you tonight. Can you do it by yourself?"

Li Mu nodded and gently stroked her back. He said, "Yes, I can. In fact, I don't have anything to do. I just want to cheat you to accompany me."

Su Yingxue stood on tiptoe and kissed Li Mu's lips. She looked at him and whispered, "I'll make it up to you next time!"

Li Mu suddenly became happy. "You can't go back on your words!"

Su Yingxue smiled shyly. "When have I ever lied to you?"

The two went out hand in hand and went down to the basement. Li Mu directly unlocked the car and was about to sit in the driver's seat. Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask him, "Are you sure you can drive?"

Li Mu nodded. He had a headache on the way back, but after showering, he was basically no different from a normal person. Although he knew that he shouldn't drive after drinking, he was really worried about Su Yingxue leaving alone, so he could only knowingly do it once.

Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu had regrets in his heart. In fact, she also had some regrets in her heart. Tonight was supposed to be a very warm world for the two of them. Su Yingxue herself was also looking forward to the feeling of sleeping soundly in Li Mu's arms until dawn. It was just that today was really a bit of a coincidence. Her aunt, who rarely called the dormitory to check on her, just happened to call the dormitory today. Things had come to this point, and she really didn't dare to disobey her aunt's wishes.

There weren't many cars on the ring road, so it was smooth all the way. Under Su Yingxue's guidance, Li Mu drove to the neighborhood where her aunt lived and parked the car on the side of the road at the entrance of the neighborhood.

In a deep corner of the neighborhood, Wang Shaohua pointed at Li Mu's GL8 and said to Su Yuehua, who was beside him, "This is the car I saw in Winston."

Su Yuehua nodded. Although it was dozens of meters away, the driver's seat of the GL8 was still very clear under the street lights. She could see Su Yingxue sitting in the front passenger seat, and in the driver's seat sat a handsome boy. Su Yuehua felt that he was not bad when she looked at him alone. He looked kind, but when she thought about his unclear relationship with her niece, she felt a little angry.

Su Yingxue was the pearl of the entire Su family. In the eyes of the Su family, anyone who approached her and coveted her before she was 22 years old was unforgivable in the eyes of the Su family.

Li Mu didn't know that there were two pairs of eyes staring at him in the dark. Seeing that it only took him twenty-five minutes to send Su Yingxue to the place, he took Su Yingxue's hand and kissed it. He said, "Don't be in a hurry to leave, stay with me for a while."

Su Yingxue nodded. She leaned to the left and touched Li Mu's shoulder. Then, she gently rested her head on his shoulder.

Su Yuehua's eyes almost popped out. She anxiously stomped her feet, "Oh no, this girl Yingxue is really in love, and the two of them are so intimate …"

Wang Shaohua was also stunned. He had always hoped that his daughter would be like Su Yingxue, but who would have thought that this girl would suddenly fall into puppy love. Puppy love was nothing more than holding hands and writing love letters, but Su Yingxue was so intimate with that boy. It was definitely not the first time. And it should be known that Su Yingxue was originally prepared to stay out all night. This time, he happened to meet her, but after such a long time … Wang Shaohua didn't dare to think about it anymore. He and Su Yuehua had high expectations for Su Yingxue, so it was inevitable that he was a little disappointed.

Su Yuehua couldn't stand it anymore. She took out her phone and called Su Yingxue. She asked, "Yingxue, where are you?"

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "I'll be there soon."

Su Yuehua said, "Then I'll go out and pick you up now."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "No need, aunt. I'm at the gate of your community. I'll get off now."

Su Yuehua said, "Okay, come up quickly."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yuehua was still staring at the two people in the car in the distance. A scene that made her jaw drop appeared. In the car, Su Yingxue put down her phone and said something to the boy next to her. Then, she took the initiative to go over and kiss him.

This time, Su Yingxue took the initiative to kiss Li Mu. It was no longer a light kiss like before, but a different kind of passion. She entangled with Li Mu for more than ten seconds, and then reluctantly separated. She said to Li Mu, "My aunt is urging me. I'm leaving. You must be careful when you go back and send me a message when you get home."

Li Mu nodded and said softly, "Hurry up and go. See you at school tomorrow."

"Okay."

Su Yingxue nodded reluctantly. Then, she unbuckled her seat belt and pushed the door open to get out of the car. Seeing Su Yingxue get out of the car, Su Yuehua pulled Wang Shaohua and ran back, afraid that Su Yingxue would see them.

Su Yingxue didn't know that the matter between her and Li Mu had been exposed. When she walked into the community and entered her aunt's house, she thought that her aunt's call today was just a coincidence.

Su Yuehua, who had just arrived home and had just taken off her coat, looked at Su Yingxue. Her eyes were full of spirit, her nose was high, her lips, her face shape, her figure, and her temperament were flawless. She was much prettier than when she was younger. But, such a beautiful girl, how could she...

Thinking of this, Su Yuehua couldn't help but feel a little distressed. She watched Su Yingxue change her shoes. Before she could speak, the somewhat guilty Su Yingxue spoke first, "Today we were a little too engrossed and didn't pay attention to the time. Otherwise, we would have gone back before the dorm closed."