Chapter 499

Wang Shaohua's brain couldn't accept such a huge amount of information for a while.

After being stunned for a long time, he finally understood the meaning of Li Mu's words.

Li Mu's friend stopped Chen Guanghua's factory because of what happened between Zhang Lan and Chen Yueyue in Fayue that day. Li Mu's condition for him to resume work was to satisfy his family. Chen Guanghua visited his wife several times to apologize, but was rejected by his wife. Then Li Mu asked him to buy this house as an apology to his family. The key was that Chen Guanghua really bought it …

Seeing that Wang Shaohua didn't speak for a long time, Li Mu said, "Uncle Wang, this is probably what happened. In order not to add unnecessary trouble to you and Auntie Su, I asked Chen Guanghua to transfer the house to my name first. If you and your family are willing to accept this solution, then I will transfer the house to Xinran. There is no problem in the law. The purchase of the house and the transfer of property rights are clear. You and Auntie Su can rest assured."

Wang Shaohua was a little flustered and said, "But the house is too expensive. How can we accept it …"

Li Mu said, "Although the house is expensive, the nature of what his wife and daughter have done is also very bad. What is a house worth two million?

If it is in a developed country, the amount of compensation awarded by the court may be much more valuable than a house. "

Wang Shaohua looked embarrassed. "Doesn't this mean that we are taking advantage of our daughter's experience …"

Li Mu said, "I'm afraid that you will have this idea. If you think that you are taking advantage of Xinran's experience by taking this house, then it proves that you don't value Xinran's dignity enough."

Wang Shaohua immediately waved his hand. "I don't mean that …"

Li Mu asked him, "But isn't that what you want to say?

Because the house is worth two million, it is too expensive, so we can't accept it. "

Wang Shaohua was suddenly speechless.

Li Mu said, "Don't think about those trivial things first. Look at the house in front of you. As long as you and Auntie agree, it will belong to your family of three. Imagine, such a house can be renovated very well for two or three hundred thousand yuan. If you start the renovation now, it can be done in two months. After leaving it for a period of time to dry, you can move in in four months. It's not June yet. No matter what, you can move into the new house by the end of the year."

Wang Shaohua pursed his lips and didn't know how to answer Li Mu for a while. He really liked this house very much, and subconsciously wanted it, but he couldn't overcome the hurdle in his heart for the time being.

Li Mu stuffed the key into his hand and said, "Well, the house is a problem that will take a long time. Don't rush to discuss it with Auntie Su. Think about it yourself first. If you can't figure it out and you can't accept it, then we can donate the house. You can donate it to charity or you can donate it to 3321. If you can't figure it out, then you can discuss it with Auntie Su. The final decision is in the hands of your family. You take the key. If time permits, you can bring Auntie Su and Xinran over to have a look. If they also like it, I don't think there's anything to think about. Give the house to Xinran as soon as possible, and then immediately find a suitable decoration company to make a plan and offer, and then start work. Xinran will start school in September.

You have to hurry up. "For the time being, Wang Shaohua couldn't make up his mind to simply say yes or no. Seeing his hesitant look, Li Mu was somewhat disappointed in his heart. He didn't expect him to give himself a clear answer at the moment, so he secretly decided that he would stop here. If Wang Shaohua and his wife could figure it out, this house would be theirs. If they couldn't figure it out, they couldn't blame him if he missed it.

Wang Shaohua also accepted Li Mu's proposal. In any case, he had to first consider whether to accept it or not. Otherwise, it would be meaningless to go home and discuss it with his wife if he couldn't even make up his mind. If the two sides had different opinions, it would inevitably be awkward in the future if one of them compromised with the other. After all, as Li Mu said, the house was a long-term problem. If the opinions were not unified, it might last for several years or even decades.

After leaving Huafu Mansion, Li Mu and Wang Shaohua found a restaurant to eat something. Wang Shaohua was a little absent-minded, so Li Mu didn't bother him much. After dinner, he sent him back. Li Mu decided not to intervene in the rest of the matter. He would let the family think about it. If it didn't work out, Su Yingxue could also help as an advisor. As for himself, he had done what he could and just waited for them to make the final decision.

…

Starting from mid-May, the domestic MP3 player market was no longer quietly rising like before. Instead, it began to rise violently in an instant. The industry report showed that the shipments of major manufacturers had skyrocketed, and the popularity of MP3 hardware had risen to a higher level than before.

All of this stemmed from an entertainment storm that Li Mu had expected. The music industry's new star, Zhou Jielun, who was already famous in Taiwan, had finally become popular in the mainland.

Originally, Zhou Jielun could have become popular in the mainland earlier. His album, "Fantasia", which was released in the second half of last year, should have become popular in the mainland at the beginning of this year. However, because of Simple Plan, Du Wei, the two rising stars of the mainland music industry, and the Spring Festival Gala, which gave Simple Plan a huge opportunity to build momentum, Zhou Jielun's brilliance had been suppressed by Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei in the past few months. However, what was meant to be popular would become popular sooner or later. Zhou Jielun's "Fantasia" on the Easy Listening website did not have high ratings and download figures. Now, it had caught up with Simple Plan and was only second to Du Wei.

Zhou Jielun was different from Simple Plan and Du Wei. He was a strong original singer, and his creative ability in the field of composition was overwhelming. With Fang Wenshan's help, not only were the two brothers producing good songs for them, but the quality was also amazing. Simple Plan and Du Wei relied on him to "write" good songs for them, and he could not really plagiarize the works of later generations. Therefore, it was only a matter of time before Zhou Jielun crushed the two of them in the rankings.

Zhou Jielun's popularity had led to the rapid development of the MP3 industry, and the number of MP3 download sites on the market suddenly increased.

Li Mu took the time to study the current situation of the MP3 website market and made a competitive analysis report.

At present, other than the Easy Listening website, no website with an average daily traffic of more than 5,000 could be ad-free. Moreover, no website could be compared to the Easy Listening website in terms of product development. In addition, the Easy Listening website's SEO optimization was impeccable. It also had the support of Baidu, its godmother, so its advantage in the search engine was even more unmatched. Almost all the long and short keywords related to music were firmly ranked first on the Easy Listening website, such as: MP3, MP3 download, listening to songs, listening to music, online listening, and other keywords. Almost without exception, the Easy Listening website's conversion ability in the search engine was frighteningly strong.

Baidu had the most comprehensive and direct user search data. From the data, it could be seen that the number of MP3 searches had skyrocketed. This kind of rise was somewhat frightening, so the desire to covet Easy Listening became stronger.

On Monday, Li Mu received a call from Baidu's Vice President, Tan Yaocheng.

Tan Yaocheng was an old acquaintance of Li Mu. Although they had not been in contact during this time, at least he was the person that Li Mu was most familiar with among the executives of Baidu. He was very polite when he called Li Mu. First, he praised Li Mu's recent big moves. Then, he mentioned that they had not talked about the past for a long time, and he wanted to ask Li Mu to have a meal together.

Li Mu had just finished the competition analysis report for the music demo download website over the weekend, and Tan Yaocheng came to him. Li Mu knew very well what Tan Yaocheng's intention was. Now, his only capital connection with Baidu was through Easy Listening. They must have seen the MP3 players start to rise sharply, and they couldn't sit still.

When Baidu withdrew from Makino Technology, it used Makino Technology's shares to exchange for 20% of Easy Listening's shares. In total, it held 30% of Easy Listening's shares. However, Li Mu was still Easy Listening's largest shareholder and the absolute controlling shareholder. Baidu wanted to take over Easy Listening at this time and integrate MP3 listening and downloads into MP3 search. Therefore, they were eager to get more Easy Listening's shares from Li Mu.

It was impossible for Li Mu to sell Easy Listening's shares at the moment because his Mango brand was about to launch the first batch of MP3 players. This batch of players was custom-made by Easy Listening. On the back of each MP3 player, in addition to the high-grade Mango brand logo, there was also Easy Listening's logo below, as well as the words "Easy Listening Custom-Made Player". Once this thing was publicly sold with the launch of Taobao, Mango would create a lot of fame. Easy Listening would rely on this momentum to go further. At that time, Easy Listening's value in the eyes of Baidu would be higher.

Easy Listening's capital structure was very simple. It was originally 85% for Li Mu, 10% for Baidu, and 5% for Song Liang. Later, Baidu used Makino Technology's shares to exchange, and Baidu became 30%. Li Mu transferred 18.8% in proportion, and Song Liang transferred 1.2% in proportion. Therefore, the current share structure was Li Mu 66.2%, Baidu 30%, and Song Liang 3.8%. Li Mu was the absolute major shareholder.

If Baidu wanted to buy Easy Listening's shares, then Li Mu could directly cash out Easy Listening's shares. Anyway, in the future, music auditions would definitely be promoted to legal versions. At that time, he would not need a platform like Easy Listening to add a stain to his reputation. Selling it to Baidu was the best choice. However, when he would sell it would depend on the market.

Li Mu was doing business. Making money was one thing, but he would not block his own path. In the current YY product system, the music aspect was supported by Easy Listening. If Easy Listening's shares were transferred to Baidu, it would be the best time for him to make his own YY Music client.

YY Music would become an independent client product like the YY gaming lobby. Not only would it be a player that could be used for local playback, but it would also be an online music audition and download client platform that integrated the YY ecosystem. Not only would it be free from the shackles of traditional web products, but it would also have a huge impact on the Winamp player that was currently popular around the world.