Chapter 102

In Li Mu's eyes, the Internet Water Army was almost invincible in this era as long as it was of a large enough scale and equipped with good anti-surveillance methods.

The reason was that the Internet was developing too fast, and the government's ability to monitor the Internet had yet to catch up. The local police did not even have the ability to track and investigate the Internet. Therefore, once the Internet Water Army swarmed in, on one hand, they could not control the overwhelming comments, and on the other hand, they could not trace the mastermind behind the scenes.

Moreover, Li Mu had always insisted on letting Zhao Kang and his core subordinates act as agents, which made it even more difficult to fathom.

As a leader of a state-owned enterprise like Guo Lin grew older, his belly grew bigger, and his ability to make money increased. However, his knowledge and grasp of new things became worse. He did not even know how to open a web page. Faced with a large-scale Internet Water Army, he was almost like a lone crop facing a swarm of locusts. He had no ability to resist.

It was the same for Wu Dong.

He was just a coal boss with a junior high school education. He had forgotten his Pinyin and did not know how to use a computer at all. He only knew how to throw money at Guo Lin. The last time he helped Guo Lin delete the post, he had thrown money at him a few times. It was effective at first, but later on, it became ineffective.

Although Li Jiawei was a dignified deputy director, he did not know much about the Internet. The concept of the Internet Surveillance Bureau had not been brought up yet, and the police did not have the actual combat ability. They were almost helpless.

It was precisely because of the special nature of the era that the Internet Water Army, a product that was ahead of the times, could play a huge role.

Of course, Li Mu also knew that when things reached an extreme, they would go in the opposite direction. In the future, he would try not to use the Internet Water Army to fight others. Otherwise, if he was targeted by the relevant departments with more power and was investigated thoroughly, he might get into trouble.

At the thought of this, Li Mu sighed in his heart. He was still too weak. If not, which man would not like to face the enemy head-on and crush them as easily as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood?

Now that he was not strong enough, he could only resort to guerrilla warfare. His methods were a little sinister and despicable, but he was forced by the situation.

As soon as the investigation team arrived in Hai Zhou, they immediately started to investigate the case. However, they did not follow the rumors on the Internet. Instead, they looked for Wu Dong and Guo Lin first. They decided to put aside the influence of the outside world and re-investigate the case.

The first step was to re-examine the scene and reexamine the previous photos and evidence of the scene. They came to a conclusion that the traffic police of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau had obviously missed some clues during the investigation of the scene. For example, the most basic tire marks had not been collected. The reason was that the tire marks at the scene of the accident had been destroyed by a third party's vehicle.

The crime happened in the wee hours of the morning, and there were very few cars. Besides, what kind of car would follow the tire tracks of other cars?

The accident vehicle's trajectory was diagonally across the entire road. Even if the middle section was destroyed, there should be a small section that was not destroyed, right?

As long as there was evidence of a small tire print, the tire model could be determined based on the pattern and width. Then, the range of suspicious vehicle models could be greatly reduced.

In 2001, there were no more than a hundred models of private cars sold in the domestic market. Even this evidence was not collected, which proved that someone had deliberately helped the perpetrator bury the evidence.

In addition, there were also problems with the debris left by the accident vehicle at the scene of the collision. Based on the analysis of the remaining debris, the Haizhou Public Security Bureau had determined that the accident vehicle was a Ford. The reason was simple. They had verified that the debris came from the front bumper of the Ford.

However, the investigation team had re-examined the ditch by the roadside of the crime scene and found some of the overlooked debris. After testing, they found that the fingernail-sized debris was painted with a far better technology than the Ford. It was not from the same car as the debris "collected" by the traffic police of Haizhou!

This was a serious matter. If the crime of deliberately destroying evidence could be covered up by carelessness, but switching the evidence at the scene and passing off the fake as the real thing was an illegal act with irrefutable evidence!

Therefore, no one had expected that the first person to be secretly interrogated by the investigation team would turn out to be the technical section chief in charge of the scene exploration.

The technical section chief actually did not have any real power, and he had been coerced by Li Jiawei. Therefore, under the repeated bombardment of the investigation team, he had confessed the truth.

Li Jiawei had instructed him to destroy the evidence at the scene, and at the same time, promised him 100,000 yuan, but he had not yet received the money.

Immediately afterward, the investigation team did not look for Li Jiawei directly. Instead, they warned the technical section chief not to make a sound, and then let him return to his post.

Li Jiawei asked the other party in private, and when he heard that the investigation team was just making routine inquiries, he was also relieved.

Then, the investigation team began to investigate the car that caused the accident.

They took the debris found at the scene and went to the Jinling BMW 4S shop according to the comments on the Internet. According to the painting technician in the shop, the debris came from the front bumper of an imported BMW. The painting process was German, and even the domestic 4S shops could not reach this level of precision.

As soon as this conclusion came out, the investigation team could basically conclude that the comments on the Internet were 80% true.

Therefore, the rest of the matter was to track down the missing imported BMW.

It was not easy to track down a car. Cars could be changed at will, and the frame number and engine number that really identified a car could not be seen from its appearance. Moreover, in the general black car market, these codes would be worn away.

However, the investigation team had their own way of doing things. They planned to start with Wu Dong's trusted subordinates and find out who among them had left Haizhou after the incident. Then, they would use this opportunity to lock onto the person who helped Wu Dong deal with the car that caused the accident. Once they found him, they would have a breakthrough point, and they would definitely be able to find the car that caused the accident.

This was the shrewdness of the investigation team. Even Li Jiawei thought that they would directly find a breakthrough point from Wu Dong, and it was very likely that he would be summoned for interrogation first. Unexpectedly, the investigation team did not care about Wu Dong at all, and mysteriously investigated their own matters. Li Jiawei had no idea what they were investigating.

…

Li Mu's Metersbonwe store had been open for five days. After five days of counting, the store's sales totaled about 400,000 yuan. Although the popularity of the store had begun to decline, the business was still booming.

400,000 yuan of sales meant 200,000 yuan of gross profit. This time, Li Mu's parents completely believed what Li Mu had said before. This kind of exclusive store was indeed profiteering. Such a perfect start completely inspired the couple's enthusiasm for this business.

On the fifth day, the Easy Listening website also launched a celebrity Tieba. On the first day, the total number of posts on the major celebrity Tieba added up to hundreds of thousands. This included the topic and the replies. Even so, it was definitely an amazing result.

A quick and simple forum like Tieba, with the support of high traffic, was very attractive to users. Because there were many people discussing in Tieba, it was easy and convenient to post, so all kinds of topics were endless. Once online, the natural advantage of Tieba in the field of social and community was quickly demonstrated.

Li Mu told Kong Lingyu to find a way to monitor the content. Once the community was open, a large amount of illegal information would pour in, whether it was related to pornography or politics, and it must be completely eliminated from the beginning.

Faced with this problem, Kong Lingyu decided to develop a keyword filtering mechanism, supplemented by manpower. Li Mu reminded him that he could make use of the people who applied to be the bar masters of each Tieba. Part of the responsibility was handed over to them. Kong Lingyu immediately understood Li Mu's intention.

Li Mu had taken the external road test a few days ago. To put it bluntly, the external road test was nothing more than starting from the car, driving a few hundred meters on the road, increasing or decreasing the gear, and stopping by the side of the road. It took less than five minutes to pass.

It was such a simple test, and Li Mu passed it with his eyes closed, but Zhao Kang did not pass it.

After the test, Li Mu heard that Zhao Kang was nervous during the test, and the engine stalled when he started from the fourth gear and was chased off by the examiner.

Su Yingxue also passed the test, and Zhao Kang could only apply for a make-up test by himself.

On the sixth day, the driving school informed him to get his driver's license. Li Mu and Su Yingxue made an appointment to meet at the driving school in the afternoon and have dinner together. Because Su Yingxue said that she would take the train to Beijing tomorrow night after getting her driver's license. She originally thought that she could get her driver's license before the middle of August, and then familiarize herself with the environment in advance, and tutor her aunt's cousin. She did not expect that it was already the end of August, and she had to register for school on the 3rd of September. Time was very tight.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. He should not go too early to register on the 3rd, and he could go in the sleeper on the 2nd. He was too familiar with Beijing, and there was no need to familiarize himself with the environment in advance.

In this way, there were only a few days left …

Li Mu thought that he might as well invite Su Yingxue to the ecological park in the suburbs for dinner. The environment there was good, and it was not easy to see acquaintances. However, the distance was a bit far. It was easy to take a taxi, but not easy to get back. It was much more convenient to drive.

When he thought that he had promised his cousin, Xiao Hao, to drive him and his little girlfriend, oh no, his little girl classmate to Jinling for a day, Li Mu could only ask Song Liang for help. However, he did not need to trouble Song Liang directly for such a small matter. He directly called Song Liang's driver and asked him to help arrange a car for him to borrow for two days.

If it were not for the fact that there was no car rental place in Haizhou, Li Mu really did not want to trouble others.

Fortunately, Song Liang had already told the driver that if Li Mu wanted to borrow a car, he would directly deploy it from the company's fleet.

The driver sent a brand-new Buick GL8 to Li Mu. He said that the small cars were all sold out, and only this business car was left. Although it was a little big, it was easier to drive than a Passat, and it was also comfortable to sit in.

It did not matter what car Li Mu drove, and the Santana was enough, so he accepted the car key and gave the prepared two hard Chunghwa cigarettes to the driver.

The driver was unwilling to take it. After all, Li Mu was the boss's friend, and it was natural for him to help him. Two Chunghwa cigarettes were a few hundred yuan, and he could not afford it.

However, Li Mu was very determined to let him take it. He did not want the cigarettes, and he did not want the car key. He felt that he had worked hard for the driver several times, and it was necessary to show some kindness.

The driver hesitated for a long time before he gritted his teeth and accepted it. Li Mu thanked him and wanted to give him a ride, but the driver insisted on taking a taxi. After saying goodbye, he stopped a taxi and left.

Li Mu drove the brand-new GL8 straight to the driving school. On the way, he called his uncle's house. His aunt was in the shop, and his uncle was at work. It was his grandfather who answered the phone. Li Mu said hello to his grandfather, and then asked Xiao Hao to answer the phone.

As soon as Xiao Hao answered the phone, Li Mu said to him, "How about going to Jinling tomorrow morning?"

Xiao Hao asked excitedly, "Really?!"

"Really, we will leave tomorrow morning and come back in the evening, but you have to ask your little girl classmate to tell her family in advance, and make up a cover that will not let her parents worry."

After Li Mu said this, his heart was full of guilt. It did not matter how dirty it was with adults, but it was a bit unreasonable to teach children to lie.

Xiao Hao smiled happily and said, "Brother, don't worry. I have already thought about it. Just say that it is a classmate's birthday. We will play all day for our classmates' birthdays, and with the parents of the classmates who are celebrating the birthday with us, the other parents will also be relieved."

Li Mu sighed, "You are really clever, kid. Then it is settled. I will pick you up at the entrance of your neighborhood at nine o 'clock tomorrow morning."

"Okay, see you tomorrow, brother!"