Chapter 742

Early the next morning, all the major newspapers and periodicals reported the major news of Taobao's 24-hour sales of 2.683 billion yuan on their front page.

Not only the newspapers and periodicals, but even the news programs of all the major TV stations, including CCTV, were planning to report on the sales miracle created by Taobao.

When Li Mu was eating the buffet breakfast at the clubhouse's restaurant last night, he accidentally saw a few eye-catching keywords on the newspaper rack in the restaurant: Taobao, 24 hours, 2.683 billion yuan.

Driven by curiosity, he picked up the newspaper and casually flipped through it, only to find that several newspapers that could be bought in Shanghai had put the Taobao Summer Brand Day on their front page. This was out of Li Mu's own expectations.

In his opinion, although the answer sheet on the brand day was satisfactory, it was only satisfaction. It was not even joy. Because he found that the road to e-commerce was still very long, and he had just made a start. He did not understand why the media was so sensitive.

Therefore, he only took one of the newspapers and then took some food. He sat alone in front of a small booth by the window, reading the newspaper and eating.

The content of the newspaper report actually did not have much depth. It simply expressed the surprise at the data, and was already optimistic about the potential of Taobao. There was nothing more to it.

Bored, Li Mu put the newspaper aside and was about to concentrate on eating when a figure appeared in front of him and sat down on the chair opposite him.

The graceful figure carried a faint fragrance. Li Mu did not need to look up to know that it was Wei Lan.

Wei Lan was also carrying a plate of food at this time. After sitting down, she saw the newspaper in Li Mu's hand. She smiled and asked him, "Why are you up so early?"

Li Mu looked up and smiled. "Eight o 'clock, it's not early."

Wei Lan smiled sweetly and said, "Yesterday was Taobao Brand Day. With your personality, there's no way you would have slept before one or two last night. You actually cleaned up and sat in the dining room to eat at eight. You must have woken up at least at seven, right?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. Wei Lan was very observant. He did sleep very late. He laid down at two o 'clock and was still awake at three o' clock. As for when he fell asleep, he didn't even know himself. However, he woke up at six o 'clock in the morning. Although he was very tired and sleepy, he couldn't fall asleep no matter how hard he tried.

Li Mu nodded and said to Wei Lan, "I really didn't sleep well last night."

Wei Lan's beautiful eyes roamed over Li Mu's face. A moment later, she said, "I'm afraid you're going to become famous throughout the country today."

"Really?"

Li Mu glanced at the newspaper in his hand out of the corner of his eye and said in a self-deprecating manner, "Only the newspaper that collects the articles will be interested in this kind of thing."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu curiously and asked in surprise, "Don't you think that Taobao Brand Day's results are extremely significant?"

Li Mu subconsciously frowned. "Is it?

Actually, I'm not very satisfied. "

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu as if she was looking at a monster and asked, "You're still not satisfied with such an eye-catching result?

Taobao has only been around for a few months! "

Li Mu laughed in a self-deprecating manner. "Although Taobao has only been around for a few months, in my eyes, there's no difference between it being around for a few years."

Wei Lan didn't understand the meaning behind Li Mu's words. She asked Li Mu, but Li Mu didn't explain in depth. He couldn't explain this kind of thing in depth.

From Li Mu's point of view, Taobao had only been around for a few months. If it was in the hands of a normal internet entrepreneur, they might just be able to set up the front page and go online after a few months. But in Li Mu's hands, time couldn't be counted like that.

Taobao's own structure and algorithm was led by Fang Xudong. Taobao's users came from the tens of millions of netizens in YY, as well as the large number of Alipay users cultivated by 3321 and Happy Farm. The products traded on Brand Day came from the direct cooperation of various major brands, and the quality, price, and supply were all guaranteed. Moreover, the guarantee of payment came from Alipay's "if you dare to pay, I dare to pay."

Li Mu put all his products and resources into Taobao and spent 500 million yuan to build the supporting Taobao's logistics for Taobao. So, in just a few months, the Taobao that Li Mu brought out was already a mature version with all kinds of equipment. So, his current Taobao ecosystem was at least more awesome than the Taobao ecosystem in his previous life in 2008.

After all, Taobao was so awesome in his previous life, but there was one resource channel that it never got its hands on, and that was Teng Xun.

But now, Li Mu achieved this breakthrough himself. His Taobao had the full support of YY, so the Taobao ecosystem was very healthy and mature. In the future, if he built a logistics system similar to JD Logistics and SF Express, then Taobao could be called a god. If the self-built logistics system could start operating next year, then next year, Taobao would be the most advanced internet product in the domestic internet industry. Even if it was only established for a year, or even less than a year, it would be enough to make all the internet people kneel and look up to it.

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu was not deliberately being modest, and she secretly sighed in her heart that Li Mu's requirements and expectations of himself were so high. He had created a number that could shock the whole country, but in his own eyes, this number was actually not satisfactory …

So, Wei Lan put down the knife and fork in her hand, looked at Li Mu seriously, and asked him, "Do you know what Taobao's 2.683 billion a day means in front of the media?"

Li Mu said, "The total sales are indeed very high at the moment."

Wei Lan said with a slightly serious tone, "It's not just high, it's terrifyingly high."

As she said that, Wei Lan took a sip of black tea and said, "The domestic economic situation in the past two years has been a bit complicated. On one hand, the export trade has been growing, and the financial indicators on paper have been steadily rising. On the other hand, domestic demand continues to be weak, and the domestic economic situation is not optimistic.

As early as the first half of the year, the government has focused on increasing employment and stimulating consumption as the focus to expand domestic demand. Under such circumstances, as early as the first half of the year, the government has focused on increasing employment and stimulating consumption as the focus to expand domestic demand, so as to promote the continuous recovery of the economy. This has even become the core of the domestic economic macro-control. "

At this point, Wei Lan changed the topic and said, "However, domestic demand is not so easy to stimulate. In the end, the key to stimulating domestic demand is to first have money in the hands of consumers. In a situation where there is no money, it is difficult to stimulate domestic demand even if you want to.

Regarding this problem, the country has not only tried to stimulate domestic demand in the macro field, but also in the retail industry. Otherwise, the bank would not keep cutting interest rates. To put it bluntly, the reason why they keep cutting interest rates is because they want the people to take their money out of the bank. With money in hand, it is easy to do all kinds of transactions. When the transaction volume increases, it will naturally stimulate domestic demand. But the economic situation is right here. You have also seen it, the wealth management fund with an annual interest rate of 3% has been wiped out by the people. This also means that even if the bank cuts interest rates, it still does not increase the impulse of the people to spend. So think about it, what you did yesterday, in the current environment, how eye-catching is it! "

When Li Mu heard this, it was as if he was suddenly enlightened, and he came to a sudden realization.

From his point of view, investing so many resources to achieve a result of 2.683 billion on Taobao website was not enough to make him feel ecstatic. Under the premise that he did not think that this result was outstanding, Li Mu did not delve into what kind of impact this result would have on society.

And from the content of the newspaper that he read just now, there was no editor who could elevate the situation to Wei Lan's level and analyze the impact of Taobao Brand Day. Therefore, Li Mu himself felt that this matter would at most surprise everyone and say, "F * ck, so much." That was all.

However, it was not until Li Mu finished listening to Wei Lan's theoretical analysis that he realized how much stimulation it had to the domestic economy when he created Taobao Brand Day in 2002 and sold 2.683 billion worth of goods in 24 hours.

Li Mu suddenly felt like he was sitting on pins and needles. The valuation of YY was very high, but that was something that only venture capitalists who truly understood the internet industry would agree with. The entire society only knew that YY was very useful and everyone was using it, but they had no idea how big YY's influence was.

It was just like Shanda when Legend of Mir was popular. The internet industry knew that Chen Tianqiao was awesome, Shanda was awesome, and Legend of Mir was awesome. But in the eyes of millions of players, Legend of Mir was just a game that was fun and played by many people at the same time. But when they heard that Chen Tianqiao had become the richest man in Hua Xia, they realized how influential this person was.

Li Mu originally thought that he was also the awesome Chen Tianqiao in the industry, the low-key Chen Tianqiao that no one paid attention to. However, after Taobao Brand Day, he realized that he was basically exposed on the rich list. The value of the brand day was much more important than he imagined!

Li Mu sighed and put down the sandwich in his hand. He had a complicated expression on his face.

Wei Lan looked at him silently for a while, then suddenly smiled and asked, "Do you want to go out for a walk?

The golf course and artificial lake around the clubhouse are very good. "

Li Mu also felt that the spacious and bright cafeteria was starting to become a little cramped and boring. Therefore, Wei Lan's suggestion made his eyes light up, and he immediately nodded without hesitation.

Therefore, the two of them didn't eat breakfast. They got up and left the cafeteria. They walked side by side towards the quiet artificial lake.

The environment of this clubhouse was a level better than Ziyun Villa. After all, Ziyun Villa was located in the Fourth Ring Road of Yanjing. There wasn't much land there for developers to display their artistic cells and style. Because this place was located in the suburbs, there was enough space to complete scenery that couldn't be seen in the city. For example, the green area of the golf course, the undulating hills, the dense and elegant forest, and the lake with faint ripples.

Walking along the bluestone road by the lake, the two of them didn't speak for a long time. Wei Lan was the first to break the silence. She turned her head and asked Li Mu, "Do you not want to expose yourself too thoroughly?"

Li Mu sighed softly. "Yes and no. For me, I definitely want to make a fortune in silence. But if I have a broader vision, I also hope to be able to set an example for the industry and even the whole society. It's just that I'm not ready yet. I feel that I'm still at the stage of being independent."

Wei Lan smiled faintly and said, "Actually, you don't have to feel so much pressure. Or in other words, you don't have to think so … How do I put it … Pretentious. When you think about problems, you have to be pretentious. You only focus on the public and social significance of it, but you ignore your own interests."

Speaking up to this point, Wei Lan stared into Li Mu's eyes and asked him with a smile, "Have you ever thought that if the country needs you to stimulate domestic demand and promote the economy, how many convenient conditions and favorable policies that you can't even imagine before?"