Chapter 586

Li Mu rejected Boss Ma so decisively, not because Li Mu wanted to be rude to him, but because Li Mu knew that it was impossible for him to cooperate with Boss Ma. Moreover, Boss Ma had taken the initiative to attack Taobao. His motive was ruthless, so it was even more impossible for him to be friends with him. This meant that the two of them would definitely fight to the death. Since things had come to this point, why would he give Boss Ma any face?

Of course, he would attack Boss Ma as much as he could. Many a little makes a mickle, and the more the merrier.

Boss Ma did not expect Li Mu to reject him so decisively and rudely.

When the secretary walked into the meeting room to tell him the news, Boss Ma's expression was a little uncertain.

From many things in Boss Ma's previous life, it could be seen that Boss Ma was a vengeful person. He was also a firm supporter of the saying, "ten years is not too late for a gentleman to take revenge." The saying, "You looked down on me before XX, but after XX, you will not be able to reach up to me", proved this point.

Everyone present could not help but ask him, "What did Li Mu mean by that?"

Boss Ma pursed his lips, then immediately put on a relaxed expression and said, "Alright, Li Mu is indeed a person with character. He rejected my request to meet again, but this is also the last time I will take the initiative to ask him to meet."

Boss Ma's tone became much more serious towards the end.

Then, Boss Ma immediately said to everyone present, "From now on, we will no longer consider cooperating with Taobao. Tomorrow, I will arrange a meeting with a few bank bosses to open up our own payment channel. Zhaoxi, the platform must speed up, I don't want to wait a minute longer!"

Lu Zhaoxi immediately said, "I understand, we will definitely speed up!"

Boss Ma nodded and waved his hand, "Everyone, get to work, full speed!"

…

It had been a while since Li Mu sat down with Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming for a meal. This time, Li Mu chose the quietest restaurant, not to eat, but to chat.

Chen Ze was the first to arrive. When he saw Li Mu, he first told Li Mu about the progress of the real estate business. The acquisition of the land was almost done. Chen Ze found a connection with the bank and opened an escrow account. Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Song Liang raised more than six hundred million yuan to invest into the account, and they were able to get a special seven times leverage from the bank. This seven times leverage could only be used to buy land from the government, and it would not be deposited into Wanying Capital's account. Instead, the bank would pay the land directly to the government when they paid for the land.

Chen Ze was very helpful this time. Otherwise, the six to seven hundred million yuan would only be enough to buy two plots of land. The whole process of getting a loan and then buying the rest of the land would be too troublesome. Because if the route map of Line 10 was announced before they could buy all the land, the price of the remaining land would skyrocket overnight. This method could help them buy all six plots of land in one go.

What's more, this money did not need to be paid any interest to the bank. The condition given to the bank was that once the six plots of land were in their hands and ready to be developed, Wanying Capital could only mortgage the land to them, and they would give a normal valuation according to the normal market price of the land. This was equivalent to both parties putting a shackle on each other to protect their own interests. But as long as both parties followed the rules, this shackle would not have any negative effects.

For the bank, seven times leverage was a little too high. If they directly released so much money without any mortgage, even with Chen Ze's face, the bank could not afford to take such a big risk. The bank did not dare to make such a rash decision. However, Wanying Capital first put more than six hundred million yuan into the bank's escrow account, and then set the seven times leverage as a special purpose. The bank did not have to worry about any risks with such a high leverage. This was because the money was stipulated to be used for land transactions with the government. If it was any other transaction, the bank would never lend it to the bank.

For Wanying Capital, this method could settle all the early matters in one go, and they did not need to worry about anything. They only needed to wait as long as the land was in their hands. The bank would pay the four billion yuan in advance to the government, and they would not need to pay a single cent of interest. However, the bank would only wait for half a year at most. After half a year, regardless of whether Wanying Capital developed the land or not, they would have to mortgage the land or pay all the interest generated. When they decided to develop the land, they would still have to mortgage the land to the bank.

After Li Mu heard this, he was very impressed with this win-win strategy. He asked Chen Ze when the earliest they could settle it. Chen Ze gave him a deadline of early July, and once the bank paid, the land would be in their hands. It was only a few days away.

Li Mu smacked his lips and said with a look of longing, "After we get the land, we just need to wait for the government to take action. I hope they can announce the route map of Line 10 in the middle or late July. At that time, the price of our six pieces of land will definitely soar. At that time, we can mortgage all the land to the bank and make a lot of money."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Don't be so optimistic. If Line 10 doesn't go through the East Third Ring Road, the price of our land will basically not rise, because the price of the land has already included the premium of building a subway near the East Third Ring Road. If Line 10 doesn't go through the East Third Ring Road and goes through Dawang Road, we will not make a loss in a short period of time. If it goes through the Fourth Ring Road, we will probably suffer a loss."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Even if you think with your ass, you know it's impossible to go through the Fourth Ring Road!

So you don't have to worry at all. At the very least, we will not make a loss. But don't forget, even if the price of the land doesn't rise, we still have six pieces of land in our hands. This is still a profit. "

Chen Ze nodded and said, "That's right. I'm not worried about whether we will lose money or not, but whether it will affect our first real estate project. I hope our first project can be successful."

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "Don't worry, I think we will make a lot of money this time!

If the subway really goes through the East Third Ring Road, how much money can we get? "

Chen Ze said, "Brother Liang did some calculations. According to the current trend of Yanjing's housing prices and the direct stimulation of the subway, if we really go through the East Third Ring Road, our land can guarantee a minimum premium of 70% within a year, and it is not impossible to double it. If we develop it ourselves, the profit margin will be even higher. The bank will not calculate the mortgage value based on the land price, but will refer to the scale of the project after it starts and give a premium on the basis of the land price premium. Currently, the value of the six pieces of land is 4.153 billion. At that time, we can mortgage at least 8 billion, and if more, it can reach 10 billion or even higher. However, we still have to make up for the leverage that the bank gave us before. In other words, the funds we have to use to make up for the 600 million should be around 4 to 6 billion."

Li Mu couldn't help but shiver. "F * ck, so much …"

Chen Ze nodded and said with a respectful expression, "Yes, it's all cash …"

As he said that, Chen Ze added, "Oh right, Brother Liang said that he doesn't agree with bringing back so much cash. Even if we start the construction of the six pieces of land at the same time, we won't need so much money. The interest is so high. When the time comes, let's talk to the bank about the upper limit of the funds and then take out a small part of it to start the project."

Li Mu said, "I don't care about other things, but how much funds do we need to start the project? Help me take out another 5 to 1 billion on top of that."

Chen Ze asked in surprise, "Why do you need so much cash?"

Li Mu said, "We're going to fight a tough battle, so we have to prepare the ammunition and firearms in advance."

At that moment, Hui Ka Ming pushed the door open and came in. When he heard Li Mu say that they were going to fight a tough battle, he couldn't help but ask, "Li Mu, who did you get into a fight with this time?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "You came at the right time, we were just waiting for you. Come and have a seat, I have something I need your help with."

Hui Ka Ming came to the dining table and sat down. He poured himself a glass of water and asked Li Mu, "My God of Fortune, just let me know if you need anything. I won't hesitate to climb a mountain of swords or swim a sea of flames for you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not that ridiculous. I just need your help with something. Do you have the resources of an airline company?"

Hui Ka Ming asked him curiously, "Aren't you in the Internet business? Why are you interested in the airline industry?

It's all state-owned enterprises in this industry. "

Li Mu said, "I want the cargo resources of an airline company. I mean, the cargo space in the cabin of a civil aviation company. Can you help me with that?"

Chen Ze was stunned too. "Why do you want the cargo resources of an airline company?

Logistics? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, I work in logistics."

Hui Ka Ming almost vomited blood. "Are you crazy? If you want to do logistics with airplanes, you'll lose a lot of money. The cost of airplanes is frighteningly high. If you want to do logistics, of course you'll have to do it by road or by rail. I can't help you with roads, so you'll have to get your own fleet. But if you want to do logistics, I can find someone reliable for you."

Li Mu asked curiously, "You have connections with the railways?"

Hui Ka Ming nodded. "My family's energy business often deals with the railways. We're involved in the limited number of special freight lines in the country. It's not suitable for us to make it public yet. Once the special freight lines are listed in the market, it will be more transparent. If you need to use the railway's cargo resources, I can help you with it. Whether it's box cars, gondolas, flatbed cars, tankers, or even luggage express trains, I can help you with it."

Li Mu said, "Alright, I'll look for you if I need anything from the railways in the future. First, you can help me find some connections with an airline company. My priority now is the airlines."

Hui Ka Ming smacked his lips and said, "I don't know much about the airlines. I've never come across any resources in this field. Why don't I go back and ask around for you?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you'd better put in some effort. I'm in a hurry."

Chen Ze, who had been silent for a long time, frowned and thought for a long time. He said, "When you mentioned the airline company, I kept feeling that I've missed out on some information. After thinking for a long time, I really can't think of anyone who has such resources."

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Who?"

Chen Ze smiled maliciously and said, "You know this person, Lin Lin."

When he heard Lin Lin's name, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a headache coming on. He and Lin Lin had a lot of conflicts. They had bumped into cars, quarreled, and beat up her brother. Although he wasn't the one who did it, it was all because of him. Later on, when Happy Farm became popular, he gave her 300 bags of fertilizer to put an end to it. However, the two of them didn't have much contact after that. If he were to ask her for help, Li Mu wouldn't be able to do it.

At this moment, Chen Ze said, "Someone in her family is a senior executive of South China Airlines. And when I say senior, I mean very senior."

Li Mu's eyes widened. Without saying a word, he immediately reached for his phone …