Chapter 789

At this moment, Wei Lan felt that Li Mu was like a multi-level marketing boss.

He stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, pointed at the bustling Sanlitun below, and said that he wanted her to create prosperity, and he even said that he was full of anticipation.

Li Mu pointed at the area where Sanlitun Village was located in his previous life and said to Wei Lan, "What do you think about that piece of land?"

Wei Lan looked in the direction that Li Mu was pointing at, and her eyes flashed with real surprise. She said, "It's on the northwest side of the intersection, and there are streets on both sides. It's convenient for transportation, and diagonally across from it is the Workers' Sports Complex. It's very close to the planned Tuanjiehu Station of Line 10, and the embassy area is in between. It can be said to be blessed by nature."

Li Mu nodded. "Your analysis is on point. In my opinion, this piece of land is very suitable for our needs."

Wei Lan said, "I've looked into it, and it's some old buildings from the 70s and 80s. It shouldn't be difficult to demolish it, and the cost shouldn't be too high."

Li Mu smiled and asked Wei Lan, "Do you also have high hopes for that piece of land?"

Wei Lan shrugged and said a little dully, "Yes, but I thought that you didn't have a clear plan, so I wanted to show you the facts and reason things out to make you agree with my point of view. I didn't think that you'd already picked this piece of land."

After saying that, Wei Lan looked at Li Mu and said seriously, "You can always think of everything so thoroughly. It's really not a sense of accomplishment to be your subordinate."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't see it as deeply as you do, I just think that the piece of land is not bad. Since you also have high hopes for that piece of land, you must have a more thorough view than me."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "Since you also have high hopes for that piece of land, then let's take it down and develop Wanying Plaza's first business center."

Wei Lan said, "What are you going to call the business center's brand?"

Li Mu blurted out, "Wanying Plaza. Simple and direct, and it can also increase the company's brand awareness."

Wei Lan said, "How many Wanying Plazas are you going to open in the country in the future?"

Li Mu said, "In theory, I don't want to interfere with Wanying Plaza's future development and operations, but from the looks of it, I still have to make the future strategic decisions. Therefore, my plan for Wanying Plaza is to build 100 Wanying Plaza in Hua Xia in the next 10 years."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu in surprise. She was so shocked by his huge idea that she couldn't speak.

A hundred in ten years. Even if the cost of building one in a third- or fifth-tier city was relatively low, the market value of a hundred commercial plazas was at least a hundred billion yuan. At present, none of the domestic real estate companies could achieve a market value of a hundred billion yuan.

However, to Li Mu, "100 Wanying Plazas in 10 years" sounded scary, but it only took Wanda a decade to build more than 90 Wanda Plazas in his previous life.

From Wanda's development pattern, it could be seen that Wanda Plaza's model was like cell division. In the beginning, it seemed to progress slowly, and after one matured, it would split and give birth to a second one. However, once it got through the early stages and there were more than 10 Wanda Plazas, the overall growth rate would enter a rapid growth stage. At the same time, there might be at least 10 Wanda Plazas being built all over the country.

Wei Lan quickly recovered from her shock. If someone else told her such a grand idea, she would definitely think that person was a lunatic. However, since it was Li Mu, she felt that it was highly possible that Li Mu would realize it one day.

When she thought about how long Li Mu had been planning it, Wei Lan touched her delicate chin and looked at Li Mu. After a while, she asked him with a smile, "Your commercial real estate project has been planned for 10 years. If our contract expires in three years, will you still renew it with me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course I'm willing to renew the contract with you, but I'm afraid that after you get the money, you will want to start all over again."

Wei Lan said, "I don't want to start my own real estate business again. It's too tiring, and I've realized that I can't carry the whole company on my own."

Li Mu said, "Then I will sign an indefinite contract for you. As long as you are willing, you will always be a part of Wanying."

Wei Lan asked, "I haven't done anything practical yet, and you trust me so much?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I believe that you can do it well. It's completely based on my intuition, just like how you were willing to believe in me in the beginning."

Wei Lan's thoughts immediately returned to that most despairing night. She originally thought that Xiao Chenfeng of the Urban Construction Corporation would be able to save her Juncheng Real Estate. However, she did not expect that Xiao Chenfeng would actually meticulously set up a dangerous trap for her. After escaping from the hotel in a hurry, Wei Lan had almost lost all hope in this world.

It was because of this extreme despair that she called her father in the United States in tears in the hotel near the airport. At that time, she had already decided to give up Juncheng Real Estate and no longer had any hope of saving it. She wanted to leave this city, leave Hua Xia, and go to the United States to reunite with her parents.

However, because of her gratitude to Li Mu, she took the initiative to contact Li Mu to buy him a drink before leaving. Originally, she just wanted to return the favor. She didn't expect that she, who was so desperate that her heart was dead, would choose to believe Li Mu's words. That night, she got into Li Mu's car and went to Li Mu's house to spend the night. For her, the reason why she trusted Li Mu at that time was completely based on her intuition.

Understanding this, Wei Lan's heart was filled with deep gratitude. Not only was she grateful to Li Mu for helping her family, but she was also grateful for his affirmation and trust in her.

At this moment, Wei Lan firmly said to Li Mu, "In the future, if you need me, I'm willing to work at Wanying until I retire. If one day, my existence is no longer able to help Wanying develop, then I'll leave immediately."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're basically giving yourself to Wanying. Aren't you going to ask what kind of conditions and benefits Wanying is going to give you in the future?"

Wei Lan smiled slightly, looked at Li Mu and said, "I don't think that's important. Being able to perform my role well on Wanying's stage and bring glory to this show is the most important thing."

There was one thing that Wei Lan didn't say. Because she had been dreaming of being a strong woman for more than ten years, she had never cared about her love life. She had never truly liked any man until that day when she accompanied Li Mu for the interview and saw Li Mu's impassioned self-expression. At that moment, she realized that she had instantly fallen in love with this man who was seven years younger than her.

From that day onwards, the driving force that pushed her forward was no longer to be a strong woman, but to do her best to make Li Mu look at her. So that one day, Li Mu would fall in love with her, just like how she fell in love with the radiant him.

Li Mu didn't know any of this, he was just surprised by Wei Lan's determination. At the same time, he also said the decision that he had made in his heart a long time ago, "After the three years of the contract, aside from the money promised in the contract, Liang Ge, Chen Ze, and I will also take out a small portion of our shares as an incentive for you."