Chapter 350

Wang Shaohua was also thinking about the same thing as his wife, Su Yuehua.

He worked in a government agency and had a lot of information. His judgment of things was more accurate than Su Yuehua's. Although 2001 had just passed, the domestic economic situation had not yet benefited ordinary workers. On the contrary, these years were the most painful time for workers. In the past, the treatment of workers was only second to that of cadres. They received state wages, ate commodity food, and all aspects of clothing, food, housing, and transportation were very good.

However, after the reform of state-owned enterprises in recent years, state-owned enterprises have laid off workers. Take the government agency as an example. In the past, each agency was equipped with a switchboard. Whether it was internal to internal or internal to external calls, they had to be manually connected through the switchboard. A switchboard and two old switchboard machines had to provide at least eight jobs. Each machine had one person, three shifts, and one shift was on rotation. It was not that there was no modern equipment to replace it, but that enterprises and units were unwilling to lay off workers and reduce the size of the staff. However, after the reform, enterprises and units could only adapt to the market and began to introduce advanced equipment. When one equipment came in, the eight switchboard jobs would be gone, and it was natural to be laid off.

In this case, Wang Shaohua could almost conclude that an ordinary dual-earner family, even if they were not laid off, could only reach a relatively comfortable level of life. In this case, the average savings of an ordinary dual-earner family was almost impossible to exceed 50,000 yuan. However, after Li Mu's parents were laid off, they could take out hundreds of thousands of yuan to open a shop. In his opinion, it was almost equivalent to a primary school student being admitted to a university directly. It was incredible.

Seeing that Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua were thoughtful but did not speak, the atmosphere at the table was slightly awkward. Li Mu said, "Uncle, Auntie, we have been chatting and haven't ordered yet. Why don't we order something to eat first?"

"Oh, okay …" Su Yuehua recovered, smiled apologetically, and nodded slightly.

Li Mu asked the waiter to bring four exquisite menus and gave them to the four people at the table. This menu was in Chinese, English, and French. It looked very elegant. After opening it, the price was even more amazing.

If it was a formal western meal, from bread, appetizer, steak, dessert, red wine, and so on, it was impossible for a person to spend less than two thousand yuan, and the bottom of the menu indicated that the restaurant would charge an additional 15% service fee.

Although Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua were considered to be solid middle class and elite in Beijing, in this high-end restaurant customized for the top class of Beijing, the horrifying price made them hesitate for a long time, but they couldn't order anything.

Su Yingxue did not expect the price here to be so terrible. Looking at the menu, she didn't know what to do. In the end, Su Yingxue of Yingxue said, she did not know much. Su Yingxue did not know much about wine. She just thought that the price was reasonable.

As he spoke, Li Mu glanced at the prices of the red wines and skipped over the ones that cost five digits. He chose a bottle of Mouton Dry Red that cost around 3,000 yuan. Li Mu did not know much about red wine, but he felt that the price was moderate on the wine list. The ones that were too inferior were not presentable, and the ones that were too expensive were unnecessary.

The waiter saw that the other three did not order. Although Li Mu's way of ordering was a bit different, it was still the best solution. So he asked, "How would you like your steaks done?"

After everyone ordered according to their taste, the waiter turned around and left. Su Yuehua looked at Li Mu and asked him in surprise, "Xiao Li, is your living expenses paid by your family or others?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I do some things with my friends, so I have a more stable source of income."

Su Yuehua saw that Li Mu's answer was vague. Although she was curious, she did not ask for details. She only asked Li Mu, "I heard that you also bought a car?"

Li Mu nodded, "I bought a business car."

At this time, Wang Shaohua said, "Xiao Li, if you leave a little profit margin for your 3321, it should be a very considerable income, right?"

Li Mu said lightly, "The key to success of 3321 is not making a profit. Because we are not making a profit, no one comes to compete with us. Otherwise, if I want to make money, other people who want to make money will follow. If this kind of thing is too commercial, the atmosphere will change."

Wang Shaohua nodded gently. Li Mu said it lightly, but he understood that in Li Mu's understatement, it meant that he did not hesitate to give up millions of profits every year. With such a huge potential income, even he could not control it, but a young man could actually give up such a huge profit from the beginning for the sake of purity. This made him admire Li Mu, and he felt that this young man was difficult to understand.

Su Yuehua said, "I heard from Ying Xue that you can also write songs?"

Li Mu said, "I learned the guitar before, and I can strum a few times, so I tried to write."

Su Yuehua said again, "The Mu on the Internet is you?"

Li Mu said, "That's me."

Su Yuehua praised, "Your songs are very good, and Ying Xue also let me listen to your 'Rice Shop', which is also very good."

Li Mu smiled modestly, "Actually, I am just an amateur."

Su Yuehua smiled and said, "Excessive modesty is arrogance."

Li Mu scratched his head.

Su Yuehua gently touched her husband next to her with her leg under the table, then stood up and said, "I'm going to the bathroom."

When Su Yuehua got up and left, Wang Shaohua, who had just reacted, also hurriedly got up and said, "I'll go too."

When he came to the door of the bathroom, Su Yuehua was already waiting there. When she saw Wang Shaohua coming over, she hurriedly stepped forward and whispered in his ear, "Let's pay for the meal later. It's not right to let a young man treat us for the first official meeting. Otherwise, people will think that our Su family is bad."

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "Don't worry, I can check it when I go out. I have my card with me."

Su Yuehua was relieved and said, "I'll go back first. You go to the bathroom and come back later."

After Su Yuehua finished speaking, she left. Wang Shaohua had to obediently go into the men's bathroom and deliberately wait for a minute before coming out.

When Wang Shaohua came back, the waiter had already begun to serve the meal. Li Mu noticed that the red wine the waiter was holding was not the one he ordered, but he didn't know the specific name. He only knew two brands of red wine, one was Great Wall and the other was Lafite. Apart from these two, he couldn't recognize the others.

Li Mu didn't understand red wine, nor did the other three people at the table. Wang Shaohua just said, "Let's drink less since we're driving. Let's drink one or two glasses."

Li Mu nodded, smiled and picked up his glass, saying, "Yingxue and I will drink to uncle and auntie."

Su Yingxue also picked up her glass with a red face and said, "Aunt, uncle, let's drink to you."

Su Yuehua didn't say anything, but just picked up her glass. Wang Shaohua also picked up his glass and said with a smile, "Yingxue, don't drink so much."

Although they didn't understand red wine, the wine tasted really good, and the dishes were also very good, especially the steak. It completely subverted Li Mu's understanding of steak and beef. For the first time, he realized that beef could be so delicious. The taste and texture of this kind of steak were much better than those localized Western restaurants that specialized in attracting couples.

Western food was eaten meticulously, and there were many procedures, so it took a long time. When they were almost done, Li Mu asked the waiter to take away his steak plate. They chatted harmoniously at the table, but later it evolved into Su Yuehua and Su Yingxue talking in low voices, while Wang Shaohua and Li Mu chatted with each other.

Wang Shaohua was very interested in Li Mu's 3321. He kept asking Li Mu about some of the details of 3321's operation, and Li Mu also answered some of his questions seriously. Wang Shaohua learned about Li Mu's original motive for making 3321, as well as his promotion and entry methods when he first made 3321. He was full of praise for this young man's business acumen. He even said, "At first, I also wanted to try to find a tutor for my daughter on 3321, but my daughter has a very good relationship with Yingxue. She kept saying that only her cousin would tutor her, so I didn't insist."

As he spoke, Wang Shaohua suddenly thought of something. "By the way, the Alipay that goes with 3321 was also made by you, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Alipay is a matching tool that I made for 3321."

Wang Shaohua asked doubtfully, "Then why does Happy Farm also use Alipay to top up?"

Li Mu was stunned. He didn't expect Wang Shaohua to know this. He was probably also a player of Happy Farm, but he probably didn't know about his relationship with Makino Technology. Maybe he played Happy Farm, but he didn't pay attention to the company's name. So, Li Mu said, "Although Alipay was just a payment tool for 3321 at first, I registered Alipay as an independent company. After Alipay users increased, Happy Farm wanted to use Alipay as a payment channel, so I gave Alipay to Happy Farm."

Wang Shaohua asked, "This shouldn't be free, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Alipay will charge a certain percentage of commission."

Wang Shaohua suddenly understood. He felt that he finally knew where Li Mu got the money for the unprofitable 3321. It turned out to be Alipay. Providing Alipay to merchants like Happy Farm was like a bank collecting a credit card commission from merchants.

When he thought of this, Wang Shaohua was shocked. Happy Farm had so many users, and the monthly top-up should be tens of millions, right?

If Li Mu let them use Alipay, what percentage of the profit would he get?

Even if it was only 1%, it was still 100,000 yuan a month!

What's more, this was only his conservative estimate …