Chapter 398

If a club was set up in the city, the hardware investment would not be too high. The solution to most club's venue problems was no different from that of a bath center, which was to rent it and then renovate it. As long as there was a great design and renovation team, any effect that they wanted could be achieved.

However, for Li Mu's idea of a supercar club, the hardware investment was huge.

Li Mu and Chen Ze roughly calculated that the total investment for a Formula Three standard track was no less than 120 million yuan. However, this already included the track, seats, and other direct supporting facilities of the entire race track. Because it was a Formula Three standard track, the construction of the entire track would take about a year.

As for the club's supporting hardware, the funds needed would probably be even higher. At least it had to be built according to the standards of a high-end comprehensive hotel. Because the service target was the club's members, the scale could be appropriately small, but the overall specifications must be high. Therefore, the overall investment in this area could not be less than 100 million yuan. Of course, if the land could be obtained very cheaply, the relevant investment could be appropriately reduced.

The housing prices in Shunyi were currently very low. The quoted price of a community near the airport was only more than 2,000 yuan per square meter. Therefore, it seemed that the land should not be too expensive.

Li Mu did not have enough cash on hand. He only had a total of more than 10 million yuan. Although the plug-in still had a few million yuan of income, it was now in another account and had not been taken out. If he wanted to start a project with Chen Ze that required at least 200 million yuan of investment, which would take one to two years to complete, and no one knew when it would be profitable, Li Mu would still be under a lot of financial pressure.

Although more than 200 million yuan did not need to be invested at once, at least half of the cost in the first half of the year would be 100 million yuan!

If he owned 10% of the shares, it would be fine. If Chen Ze wanted him to own more shares, he could not afford it at all. Although he had shares of Makino Technology, Easy Listening Technology, and other companies, they were currently in a period of rapid development. If he sold the shares now, the loss would be too great.

Chen Ze also had some understanding of Li Mu's current situation. Although Li Mu's business was booming, he did not have much money on hand. The most he had was about 10 million yuan from Hui Ka Ming during the B round of financing for Makino Technology. It would be very difficult to do such a big project with cash on hand.

As for Chen Ze, he hoped that Li Mu could own more shares in this project, at least 40%. The main reason was that he was not confident in his own management ability, and he was very optimistic about Li Mu's management ability. As long as Li Mu owned enough shares in the future, he could ensure that he would place this project in a more important position and operate it attentively.

Therefore, Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "If this project starts, I will pay all the start-up capital in the early stage. The shares will be split 40-60, I will take 60% and you take 40%. We will distribute the capital according to the actual investment amount. However, you don't need to invest in the early stage. You can invest later when you have enough money, or you can simply wait for the club to make profits in the future and deduct it from your dividends."

Chen Ze concentrated all the financial pressure on himself, which was a very, very generous treatment for Li Mu.

Since it had come to this, Li Mu could not refuse and agreed. He said, "You can help me pay the start-up capital first. I have plans to reduce part of Easy Listening Technology's shares in the second half of this year. At that time, I should be able to get a large sum of money and add it in when the time comes."

Seeing that Li Mu had agreed to his invitation, Chen Ze immediately smiled and said, "Okay!

This is all a small matter. Let's hurry up and get started. I will go back and register a company, then look for my connections in the city to see if I can link the race track with sports events and the municipal projects of the sports stadiums. If it is possible, I can get some support from the government in terms of policies, land, and follow-up operations. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is very important. Starting this year, the municipal government will definitely meet with the domestic Olympic Committee on the issue of the Olympic stadiums. It is imperative to build a large number of sports facilities in Yanjing. If the government is long-term, they will definitely start to study the operation of the stadiums after the Olympic Games. If they can pay attention to this problem in advance, then maybe they will take this opportunity to introduce a series of subsidy policies for state-owned and private stadiums."

In Li Mu's impression, it would be 2014 before the sports field fully blossomed in the country because the leaders at that time attached great importance to sports-related work. However, this did not mean that the current government did not pay enough attention to sports. After the successful bid for the Olympic Games in 2001, sports-related issues had been paid attention to by the national and local governments. Once the people paid attention to sports, even private stadiums would benefit greatly from it.

Chen Ze said, "I will go and communicate as soon as possible. Then, we will find time to take a look around the airport and study the location. The construction period of this project is too long. We can't delay it!

I can't wait any longer! "

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "I think you can't wait to find Dufy and use this project to trick her back to China, right?"

Chen Ze immediately said, "Isn't this your idea?

I think it is very reliable. When the location and land are settled, I will go and talk to her. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Alright, your honesty makes me speechless …"

Chen Ze said, "I will be in charge of money, land, approvals, and other support matters. You will be in charge of the development and planning of our club, racetrack, and professional racing team."

Li Mu agreed and kept thinking about the feasibility of his plan. In his previous life, there were so many supercar clubs, but they seemed to be just an organization to show off their wealth. They often showed off all kinds of sports cars and luxurious lifestyles on Weibo, but no one really focused on sports cars. No one even really drove a sports car on the racetrack.

In developed countries, most owners of modified cars and sports cars would regularly participate in an activity called "Racetrack Day." As the name suggested, this activity was to take a day to experience the true charm of car racing on a professional racetrack that was open to the public. This was also a kind of car culture. But in China, modified cars could not be driven on the road, and supercars did not have professional racetracks, so sports cars only formed a culture of showing off their wealth and nothing else.

In the future, if he and Chen Ze's CSC worked together, they would become the first supercar club in China to have their own professional racetrack. If they could popularize the concept of "Racetrack Day" to future domestic supercar owners, they could change the negative impression that supercar owners left on ordinary people. As for whether "Racetrack Day" would be accepted in China, Li Mu was not worried. In his opinion, any habit or culture needed to be guided and cultivated. Once it was properly guided, anything could become popular.

Thinking about this, Li Mu suddenly felt that starting CSC was also a very meaningful thing.

…

Both of them were very happy and drank a 750ml bottle of whiskey when they were almost done talking about business.

In the middle of the conversation, Fatty Wang thought that the two of them should have finished talking about business, so he brought a bottle of XO and a diamond membership card for Li Mu. The card number was V003. Fatty Wang said that he had been keeping this card for Li Mu, waiting for Li Mu to come and give it to him in person.

As one of the shareholders, Li Mu gladly accepted this membership card. With this card, he would have his own private room in SugarClub, and he could bring his friends to play at any time. As for expenses, he could enjoy a 30% discount by swiping the membership card, and he did not need to pay cash. The account would be recorded under the shareholders' names, and the dividends would be deducted from the account.

Fatty Wang's consideration for these shareholders made Li Mu's eyes light up. Although Fatty Wang did not receive higher education, and his vision of the market was somewhat lacking, and he had a strong sense of philistinism, this person had a very good grasp of people's hearts, and knew how to cater to people's psychology. He was definitely a good hand in the service industry.

Li Mu even thought that when CSC was established in the future, he would be able to do a good job in the member service section.

When Fatty Wang came over, the three of them inevitably drank a little more. When it was over, when Li Mu came out of SugarClub, he began to feel dizzy, but his mind was still clear and agile.

Li Mu did not expect that as soon as he returned to Yanjing, he would be given such a heavy and big project, so much so that he began to feel busy all of a sudden. There were a lot of things to do in three months, the internal testing and launch of YY, and the internal testing and launch of "Miracle MU". The former was the future core of Makino Technology, and the latter was Li Mu's gold mine in 2002 and 2003. Both were very important.

In contrast, the plan for Taobao could only be postponed for the time being. Li Mu had been communicating with Fang Xudong, who was far away in the United States, by email. Fang Xudong told Li Mu in the latest email that he had submitted his resignation application to Google, and was currently preparing to hand over the project in his hands. However, due to the large amount of technical development work involved, the whole process would take at least a month, and Google would definitely only let him go after everything was handed over.

Li Mu calculated, if Fang Xudong could return to China in mid-April, he would be thanking the Gods. He might even have to go back in May.

However, Fang Xudong said in the email that his current work had been assigned to other colleagues by his superior, so he had more energy now, and could take over some development work in advance.