Chapter 1272

When an ambulance drove to Spring City with Elder Sun Xiaozhong, Li Mu and Liu Xinying sat in a military SUV and began to sort out the next step of the plan to find the surviving members of the Flying Tigers.

With Han Zili's news, convincing the old man to go down the mountain was a piece of cake. When the old man thought about meeting his old comrade, he was so excited that he wanted to leave immediately.

More than ten soldiers used a folding stretcher to carry the old man out of the mountain after taking turns for a few hours. They found a bed in the town's medical center and let the old man rest for the night. When the sky brightened and the ambulance from the military hospital arrived, the convoy immediately set off.

Li Mu was worried that the old man's health would deteriorate after such a long journey, so he wanted the old man to go to the military hospital as soon as possible. That way, everyone could breathe a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, before getting into the car, the doctor from the military checked the old man's body and confirmed that the old man was in good condition. He just lacked nutrition for a long period of time, so it wasn't much of a challenge for the old man to lie down all the way to Spring City.

Li Mu, Liu Xinying, and the rest made do with a nap in the car last night. Although it wasn't too comfortable, it wasn't much of a challenge for young people. After all, when Li Mu went to work in the capital, he had to stand for more than ten hours without a seat. So sleeping in a sitting position for a night was a very good choice for him.

Liu Xinying didn't have any of the pampered and spoiled attitude of a rich young lady. Wrapped in a jacket, she slept even more soundly than Li Mu in the backseat of the off-road vehicle.

When the convoy began its return journey, everyone's stamina had recovered quite a bit. Liu Xinying's workaholic nature was gradually revealed. She took a pile of documents and meticulously sorted through them.

At the moment, this charity activity hadn't been officially announced to the public. Li Mu and Liu Xinying hoped to find all the surviving Flying Tigers first and then gather them in Spring City. On the one hand, they would receive a systematic physical examination, treatment, and recuperation in Spring City. On the other hand, they would gather the old people together so that the old Flying Tigers' stories could be sorted out systematically through their oral accounts.

Other than that, there was a professional filming team following the entire charity activity to ensure that the process could be completely recorded and edited to create a large-scale documentary that could touch the hearts of the entire nation.

Liu Xinying said, "Next, our volunteers will continue to go to various places and contact more Flying Tigers like we did with Old Mr. Sun. At the same time, Li Zong, you have to communicate with America's side and arrange for the old Flying Tigers to come to Spring City to reunite with their comrades."

Li Mu nodded. "I'm already coordinating with Spielberg. He will try his best to find as many old Flying Tigers as possible and persuade them to come to Hua Xia. I think it's best if we can also send a filming team to America to follow and interview these old people. Not only do we have to go to their homes, but we also have to interview their comrades' gathering in America. Then, we'll follow them until they're ready to take the flight to Hua Xia."

Liu Xinying immediately nodded and said, "I still have some friends in America. I'll contact them today and see if we can find a reliable American team to work with. We don't have the manpower for such a huge follow-up project right now. We can only send a few people in charge over and find a team from America that has the ability to carry it out."

Li Mu said, "You're the person in charge of this, so you can decide. Don't worry about the money."

As he said that, Li Mu thought of something and said, "Oh right, regarding the matter of these old people coming to China, we must not be stingy with the cost. The larger the better. If their relatives wish to come to Hua Xia, we'll pay for all the expenses. As long as each veteran can bring no more than ten relatives, we'll accept them all."

Liu Xinying said in surprise, "So many people?

By then, I'm afraid just the American Flying Tigers and their relatives alone will have around two hundred people. "

"The more, the better."

Li Mu said firmly, "Contact China Airlines in advance. When the time comes, we'll pay to rent a Boeing 747 from China Airlines. Then, we'll paint this plane. The front of the plane will use the shark mouth design of the Flying Tigers from back then. The body of the plane will be painted with the entire process of our charity event and our logo."

Liu Xinying said, "The cost of painting the plane is very high, and we'll have to restore it to its original appearance after the event. Isn't that a bit too wasteful?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "Don't worry, if it's wasteful, just let it be wasteful. When the time comes, give me the bill. I'll pay for it personally, and it won't go through the foundation's account."

"Not only that, but also communicate well with the American media and let them participate in the whole process. Treat this matter as a collective memory of two countries and two peoples. This is the first time in the history of Hua Xia and the United States has truly fought side by side. Let the Americans also understand this great history in their hearts. Don't look at us with colored glasses all day long. Ideology, religious beliefs, economic development can all be forgotten in the face of world peace. The Flying Tigers from back then is the best proof. So this time, when the old Flying Tigers reunite, we must create a momentum. Not only do we have to let all of Hua Xia and the United States know, we have to let the whole world know as much as possible!"

Liu Xinying did not know that "Flying Tigers" carried too much of Li Mu's national complex. Not only did he want to show the contributions and sacrifices of the people of Hua Xia to the world, but he also wanted the world to be aware of the positive image of the people of Hua Xia. At the same time, through this film, he wanted to subtly influence Hua Xia's film and Hua Xia's culture to be more accepted by the people of the world. In addition, he also hoped to use this film to once again let the world know about the atrocities committed by Japan against Hua Xia during World War II.

Li Mu's attitude was very simple: history could be forgiven, but it must never be forgotten, let alone tampered with.

Therefore, whether it was for the movie "Flying Tigers", for the Veterans' Don't Die charity project, or to educate the world about the crimes committed by the Japanese during World War II, it was absolutely necessary for Li Mu to invite as many American Flying Tigers from the United States as possible to completely expand its influence.

Just imagine, if more than twenty members of the Flying Tigers from the United States and more than twenty members of the Flying Tigers from the Huaxia Empire met in Huaxia after decades or even two centuries, it would be a grand spiritual party for most people, and it would definitely move countless people.

Seeing that Li Mu was particularly insistent, Liu Xinying nodded and said, "I'll get a friend to contact Air China. There shouldn't be a problem, but we have to set a specific time node as soon as possible and then move forward according to the set event point."

Li Mu nodded. "I'll contact Spielberg. This matter shouldn't be delayed."

The impact of SARS had not really spread to the whole country, so public activities had to be concentrated in the current month or two to be completed. Once it was in April, the impact of SARS would explode in an instant. At that time, if such activities were to be launched again, the pressure would definitely be very great. Not to mention other things, at that time, there would be fear everywhere. Even if these old Flying Tigers were willing to come to China, their families would probably stop them. However, if it was delayed until after SARS, considering the cautiousness and fear of people, there would be no time.

Liu Xinying said to Li Mu, "Oh right, Li Zong, I have an idea. This time, let's communicate with the Yun Province government and seek some support from the local governments."

Li Mu said, "What kind of support do you need from the local governments?

After all, the Flying Tigers are the history of the National Air Force and the American Air Force. I'm afraid that the local governments don't want to be too involved in this kind of thing. "

Liu Xinying nodded and said, "We don't need the public support from the local governments. We just need to provide some convenience on some issues, such as building a cemetery in the Provincial Cemetery of Martyrs specifically for the Flying Tigers. We can invest in this part. Other than that, I think we should erect a monument for the reunion of Hua Xia and the American Flying Tigers, and let these old people participate in the laying of the foundation."

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Okay, these ideas are good. Let's do it according to your ideas. If it's possible, we can also ask the military to help us coordinate with the local governments. If the cemetery matter is settled, then in the future, as long as all the Flying Tigers are willing to be buried in the cemetery after a hundred years, we will provide appropriate arrangements for them. Not only will we bear all the expenses of the cemetery, but after the old Flying Tigers pass away, as long as their ashes are in China, we will send cars and volunteers to pick them up. At the same time, we will also arrange transportation for their relatives. We will even provide transportation and accommodation for their relatives to the Yun Province every year. We are not afraid of doing too much, just afraid of doing too little!"

…

After Mr. Sun Xiaozhong arrived at the military hospital in Spring City, the hospital immediately organized a team of experts to serve Mr. Sun throughout the entire process. They gave him a systematic checkup and analyzed his nutritional status. The old man had many underlying illnesses, some of which were very serious, so the team of experts held an emergency meeting to discuss a complete set of treatment and recovery plans for the old man.

For the sake of these veterans, the military hospital specially vacated three large wards with very good environments. Each ward had eight beds. Although there were many beds, the environment was first-class, and the internal facilities were very complete. A head nurse was specially assigned to lead a few experienced nurses to form a specialized nurse team. It was obvious how much importance they placed on this matter.

Immediately after, the volunteers began to persuade the other veteran Flying Tigers to agree to head to Spring City to recuperate. Old Sun Xiaozhong was just a stubborn individual among the surviving members of the Flying Tigers in the country. Other than the process of persuading him to come to Spring City being a little difficult, the other members of the Flying Tigers did not hesitate to accept the invitation to go to Spring City.

After Mr. Sun Xiaozhong arrived, the volunteers began to pick up the identified old Flying Tigers and their relatives from all over the country to Spring City.

The staff of the foundation put in a lot of effort for these veterans to arrive safely in Spring City. For the old Flying Tigers that were slightly further away, the volunteers first contacted the local hospital to send the old man to the hospital for a physical checkup. After confirming that he could fly, the ambulance would directly send him to the airport. There was also an ambulance waiting at the airport in Spring City. When the old man got off the plane, he was directly sent to the military hospital in the ambulance.