Chapter 1669

Time ticked by. When the clock hand pointed to 4: 50, the person in charge of Mars, Hua Xia, walked into the room.

Roland Mas was particularly nervous at this time. When the other party approached and whispered in his ear, "Mr. Mas, it's time." Roland Mas became even more flustered.

Perhaps seeing Roland Mas's nervousness, the person in charge of Hua Xia whispered in his ear, "Mr. Mas, our press conference will be over soon. You can go up and speak for ten minutes at most. The rest of the time will be given to the host. Add it all up. If it's fast, it'll be ten minutes. If it's slow, it'll be half an hour at most. You can leave at 5: 30 at the latest."

"5: 30 …" Roland Mas murmured, nodded, and said, "After it's over, contact Makino Technology as soon as possible. I want to see Li Mu as soon as possible."

"Understood." The person in charge of Hua Xia said, "I'll contact Li Mu's assistant directly when the time comes."

"Okay."

Roland Mas sighed softly, stood up, and said, "Hurry up and solve this mess in front of us. I can't stand it anymore. Tell the host to say less at the beginning and simplify the opening remarks."

At this time, the media reporters at the press conference had already set up their cameras and waited bitterly.

At five o 'clock sharp, the lights at the scene gradually dimmed, and the stage lights gradually brightened. A host in a suit stepped onto the stage.

The host came to the center of the stage with a microphone in his hand and spoke with an authentic broadcasting accent. He said, "Thank you, friends from the media, for coming to the press conference of Mars in the United States. The preparation time for this press conference is relatively short, and a lot of work was not done properly. I hope everyone can forgive me. On behalf of all the employees of Mars, I would like to thank all the friends who came."

After that, the host placed the microphone on his lower abdomen with both hands and bowed deeply to the audience.

After a while, the host immediately picked up the microphone and continued, "Due to time constraints, let's get straight to the point. Let's welcome Mr. Roland Mas, chairman of the board of directors of Mars in the United States."

As soon as he finished speaking, Roland Masas stepped onto the stage from one side. His appearance seemed to give the reporters present a boost of adrenaline. Everyone immediately perked up and kept snapping pictures of him.

Roland Mas had never heard so many shutters and flashes. The flashes almost made him lose his vision for a moment. It wasn't easy for him to adjust his mind and rhythm before he walked to the center of the stage.

This distance of less than 20 meters felt like 20 kilometers to Roland Masas. During this distance, he estimated that he had been taken thousands of photos by hundreds of reporters below the stage. He estimated that these photos would be on the headlines of major media around the world tomorrow, accompanied by all kinds of ridiculing headlines.

When he walked to the center of the stage, Roland Mase, who had always been knowledgeable and mentally strong, was so nervous that he didn't know what to do. Before he said anything, he felt that his mouth was a little dry.

After a full minute of forcing himself to calm down a little, Roland Masas picked up the microphone and said in English, "Ladies and gentlemen, I am Roland Masas, chairman of the board of directors of Mars. Thank you for coming."

Roland Masas bowed, then stood up and said, "The fundamental reason for holding this press conference is that, on behalf of Mars, I would like to extend our deepest apology to Makino Technology for our previous malicious marketing!"

After Roland Masas said this, he felt his face burning. The heat even burned his eyes, making them sore.

After a pause, Roland Masas took a deep breath and continued, "A few days ago, Mars missed an online resource auction of Makino Technology. After the auction was won by a competitor, our CEO at the time was very upset about missing the opportunity. In a moment of impulse, he made up an extremely unprofessional lie, falsely claiming that Mars missed the auction because of a malfunction in Makino Technology's online auction system. For this, on behalf of Mars, I would like to express my sincerest apology to Makino Technology and am willing to compensate all the losses suffered by Makino Technology. At the same time, I also hope that Makino Technology can forgive Mars for this irrational and unprofessional behavior. Here, I would like to express my highest respect to Makino Technology."

After that, Roland Masas bowed deeply again. This time, he bowed for ten seconds.

Ten seconds later, Roland Masas stood up and said with relief, "Thank you again, everyone, for coming. Thank you!"

After saying this, Roland Masas turned around and left the stage without hesitation. A large number of reporters hurriedly raised their hands to ask questions. Many even rushed to Roland Masas, but the latter was directly escorted to the VIP room by the staff, leaving the chaotic scene to the host.

A press conference with the theme of apology came to an end.

Although Roland Masas only came up to say a few words, in the eyes of the media, this press conference was simply the grandest apology in the modern business field.

Li Mu knew the whole content of the press conference as soon as possible. He was generally quite satisfied with Roland Más's public apology. No matter what Roland Más thought, at least he was sincere enough and objective enough at the apology conference. He did not shirk his responsibility.

However, this was not enough for him to let Roland Masas and Mars go. He still had one pit after another waiting for Roland Masas.

At the press conference, the first thing Roland Masas did after returning to the VIP room was to ask his assistant to contact Li Ziwei and try to meet Li Mu.

Li Mu did not refuse this time. He directly asked Li Ziwei to tell Roland Masas that he could meet him at Makino Technology. After receiving a confirmation from Li Mu, Roland Masas immediately left the press conference. He took a low-key Buick commercial car and went to Makino Technology again.

On the way to Makino Technology, Roland Masas asked for a small gel pen from his assistant and carefully pinned it in the inside pocket of his suit.

This gel pen was actually a recording pen with almost no flaws. It could record on a loop for more than ten hours. This was a killer move that Roland Masas tailor-made for Li Mu.

Roland Masas felt that an arrogant young man like Li Mu would not give up the opportunity to continue humiliating him after forcing him to bow his head and apologize. It just so happened that he wanted to meet him after the press conference to talk about the specific aftermath. To put it bluntly, he wanted to ask him to be magnanimous. So he guessed that when they actually met, Li Mu's arrogance would be even more arrogant.

In that case, he had to be prepared in advance. When he met Li Mu and when Li Mu was acting tough in front of him, he would deliberately show weakness. On one hand, he would let Li Mu take the initiative to expose his subjective intention of deliberately suppressing Mars Group, and on the other hand, he would secretly record Li Mu's arrogant side. At that time, he would directly throw a big reversal to the world and let them see Li Mu's actual face.

In Roland Masas's view, Li Mu's image to the outside world was too perfect. The more perfect the image, the more thorough the collapse would be when there was a scandal. Therefore, he hoped to use this opportunity to meet with Li Mu to directly destroy Li Mu's image.

If he could get the evidence that Li Mu was arrogant and deliberately used his influence to threaten and force Mars to submit, he could find a chance to make a comeback.

If Li Mu was not satisfied with his apology at the press conference and wanted to get more vested interests from Mars, and at the same time, Roland Masas got the evidence, then Li Mu would be finished.

Roland Masas knew that Li Mu's appetite had always been big. The wave of blackmailing Google was simply an exorbitant demand. If Li Mu dared to propose to Mars face to face, then Roland Masas could directly reverse the whole incident and let Mars become the final winner.

The business car came to the entrance of Makino Technology. Roland Masas and his assistant got off together and walked into the building.

This time, the receptionist was still the same receptionist from yesterday. But today, she did not stop Roland Masas. Instead, after the registration, she said to Roland Masas, "Mr. Masas, our Li Zong will only see you. As for the others, please move to the reception room to rest first."

Roland Masas nodded gently, then followed a staff member to take the elevator upstairs alone.

The staff member took Roland Masas directly to the door of Li Mu's office. Li Ziwei was already waiting here. When she saw Roland Masas being taken to the door, she took the initiative to greet him, "Hello, Mr. Masas, I'm Li Ziwei."

"Oh, Miss Li!"

Roland Masas looked at Li Ziwei with a friendly face and said with a smile, "I didn't expect Miss Li to be so beautiful in person. It's really better to meet you in person than to hear about you!"

Li Ziwei smiled indifferently and said politely, "Mr. Masas is overpraising me."

After that, before Roland Masas could speak, Li Ziwei pointed to the door of Li Mu's office and said, "Our Li Zong is waiting for you inside. Please come in."

Roland Masas hurriedly thanked her and walked into the office.

At this moment, Li Mu was fiddling with the Kung Fu tea set on the coffee table in the reception area. When he saw Roland Masas enter, he smiled and waved at him very politely. "Hello, Mr. Masas. You came at the right time. Come and try Hua Xia's tea."

Roland Masas was caught off guard by Li Mu's friendliness. He was stunned for a moment before he walked in front of Li Mu and said with a smile, "Li Zong, I've heard of your name for a long time. I finally have the chance to meet you today. It's an honor to be able to meet you."

Li Mu looked at Roland Masas and smiled. "Mr. Masas, you don't have to be so polite. Come, have a seat."

Roland Masas sat down opposite Li Mu. He wanted to get some information from Li Mu, so he said humbly, "Mr. Li, I've already held a press conference and apologized as you requested. I wonder when you'll be able to lift the restrictions that Titter has placed on Mars?

Especially the negative news about Mars, please be magnanimous and don't deliberately spread it. To be honest, this has a great negative impact on our official brand promotion. "

Li Mu smiled calmly and said, "Mr. Masas, what are you saying? The Internet is a virtual world. How can I interfere with what users want to post?

Don't tell me you want me to deliberately block out those negative news for Mars? "