Chapter 1522

Makino Technology's push to collect information on piracy with a prize was sent out at night. Once it was sent out, it caused a huge stir on the Internet.

The motive for collecting information on piracy with such great fanfare was very obvious. Makino Technology was going to deal a heavy blow to piracy. Just from the promised reward for clues, Makino Technology had invested at least tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions, to do a good job in fighting piracy.

The entire film industry was stunned. In the history of fighting piracy in the film industry, they had never seen such a big fist. Previously, it was like a three-year-old attacking an adult with his fists and feet. This time, it was a super soldier flying a helicopter around the world to kill a few bandits. Such heavy firepower was unprecedented in this industry.

The Ministry of Culture and the Public Security were also shocked by Li Mu's generosity. From this, they could feel that Li Mu was going to deal a heavy blow to piracy this time. He did not use any privileges, nor did he bypass any procedures. He just wanted to collect evidence and then hand it over to the Ministry of Culture and the Public Security. In this way, the Ministry of Culture and the Public Security would inevitably receive all kinds of evidence and clues from Makino Technology.

For the leaders of the two departments, they roughly understood the pattern of the piracy industry. As the production line of pirated discs was relatively simple and portable, and the demand for electricity was not high, it could generally start as long as there was electricity. Therefore, the piracy producers almost all committed crimes throughout the country. They used their own transport vehicles and trucks to pull the production line. Every time they fired, they would change locations. Today, they would be in one city, and tomorrow, they would be in another city hundreds of kilometers away. Today, they might still be within the jurisdiction of one province, and a few days later, they would be in the territory of another province.

The piracy business used this method to evade the crackdown. On one hand, it made it difficult for the law enforcement departments to figure out their specific location. On the other hand, it also made it difficult for the law enforcement departments to coordinate with each other. Everyone's attack range was different. If the target was within their range, and they were about to lock on and fire, the target suddenly left their attack range. How could they fight then?

Over time, the law enforcement departments were extremely tired. In the end, they simply did not take the initiative to deal with this matter.

Now, the higher-ups of various law enforcement departments realized the importance that Makino Technology attached to this matter. Therefore, they held an emergency meeting that night and issued task notices to all regions. They informed all regions that once they received clues and evidence from Makino Technology, they must pay attention to it and carry out investigations and arrests in the shortest time possible.

After all, it was Makino Technology. The public was paying attention to their every move. If they could not keep up with efficiency in this matter, it would have a very bad impact on the responsible departments.

Think about it. After a while, Muye Technology would announce the progress of collecting clues: A total of 588 valid information on pirated producers had been collected across the country. In the end, only 100 or so of these 588 cases had been punished by the relevant authorities. That would be really unacceptable.

This also meant that any pirate business, as long as Muye Technology caught the tail, the law enforcement department must catch the guy behind this tail!

Moreover, not only did Li Mu have to target the piracy producers, but he also had to target the piracy sellers. On the streets and alleys, as long as the netizens saw any audio and video store or stall selling pirated copies of Crazy Stone, they could make a call to Makino Technology, and they could get two thousand yuan. This money came too easily.

However, the industry and commerce departments were suddenly busy. They prepared to crack down on the piracy peddlers overnight. According to the regulations, once someone reported the information of the local piracy peddlers to the industry and commerce departments, the industry and commerce departments had to intervene and deal with it.

That night, the piracy market was surging.

Very few piracy producers and sellers stayed online every day. Therefore, most of the piracy industry did not know that there was a beast secretly watching them, waiting for an opportunity to tear them into pieces.

…

That night, many piracy producers were working at full speed, stepping up their production.

It was rare for the film and television industry to encounter a super hit like Crazy Stone. Just like the PUBG game became a gluttonous feast for all the cheat makers, this movie also gave the pirated producers a long-lost passion.

The last time piracy producers had a feast to rake in money was when Meteor Garden F4 was popular. The pirated Meteor Garden tapes were crazily sought after by boys and girls. The price went from three to four yuan to at least three times its original price. That time, for the piracy industry, it was equivalent to the highest A-share price in history, 6,124 points.

Zhao Xin, who was in the countryside of Hangzhou, only finished the synthesis and rendering of the new source in the wee hours of the morning. The moment the file was successfully created, Zhao Xin immediately put on the high-fidelity monitoring headphones and started playing the video.

From the dragon logo onwards, the color and clarity were very perfect. Although the brightness was slightly lacking, this was already the limit of piracy.

The quality of the sound was better than the image. Because the sound was picked up directly through the microphone, there was almost no interference. The only regret was that they only used one recording device, so the sound they recorded was actually mono. For the audience's viewing effect, they duplicated the mono sound and made it into a two-channel fake stereo sound.

Putting on the headphones, looking at the high-definition image and listening to the clear dialogue, Zhao Xin was very satisfied. He immediately ordered his brother-in-law, "Hurry up and arrange for production. Go full speed. If we don't ship the goods tomorrow, we'll ship them in the wee hours of the day after tomorrow!"

There was not much time left tonight. It would be daybreak in two or three hours. If they were in a hurry to ship the goods, then their trucks would have to leave before daybreak. That way, they would be able to deliver the newly produced discs to the distributors.

However, in two or three hours, even at full speed, the output was limited. Piracy producers only shipped the goods once a day. Large quantities of pirated discs were produced from various workshops and then shipped to the trading market in the wee hours of the morning to be sold to their distributors.

From Zhao Xin's point of view, if they shipped a small amount of goods today and then a large amount the next day, it was very likely that the small amount of goods that were shipped today would be directly pirated by their peers. When he shipped the goods in the wee hours of the day after tomorrow, there might be even more counterfeit products on the market to compete with him.

Zhao Xin did not want to see such an outcome. He would rather wait one more day.

…

That night, the legal department of Makino Technology worked overtime. Not only them, but a few employees from other departments were also transferred over to support. The task of these people was to sort out the various clues received from various channels, categorize the clues, and prioritize according to the scale of the clues.

Among them, Zhao Xin in Hangzhou and the five production lines in his hands were at the top of the list of most urgent situations.

At eight o 'clock in the morning, the first time the agencies went to work, the legal team immediately got in touch with the Hangzhou Cultural Department and the Public Security Department to report the clues Makino Technology had.

The information given in Wng Lei's report was very detailed, such as the names, birthplaces, dates of birth of Zhao Xin and his brother-in-law, the specific location of their production lines, and the approximate time and route of daily delivery and raw materials. Wng Lei even stated in the report that Zhao Xin had obtained a nearly perfect pirated version through extraordinary means and was urgently working on it.

For the legal team of Makino Technology, Zhao Xin was a great threat. Not only was he very productive, but he had also infringed on a large scale. What was more frightening was that he had obtained the high-definition pirated version. With his high production capacity, he might be able to disseminate the pirated version to the whole country overnight. In that case, the Makino Image would suffer great losses.

After receiving this report, the relevant departments in Hangzhou City couldn't believe it. There was actually such a large-scale piracy factory right under their noses, and the most terrible thing was that these guys actually got their hands on the pirated HD source. Once something like a copy was released, it would spread quickly like a virus. Therefore, the best way now was to completely control the entire counterfeiting system as soon as possible.

Zhao Xin stared at the production until eight o 'clock in the morning. He could not stand it anymore, so he went to the office area of the food factory and slept in his temporary bedroom. Although he had not slept all night, he was not sleepy at all. All he could think about was how to make a lot of money from Crazy Stone.

When the goods are shipped tomorrow, I'll ask them to bring a DVD with them. That way, I can directly play it to the agents. If they watch my version, they will never watch the other versions, because they are not on the same level at all.

Just as Zhao Xin fell asleep, a large number of police cars had already surrounded the abandoned food factory. One of Zhao Xin's wolfdogs let out a vigilant and nervous bark, which immediately woke him up from his sleep.

Zhao Xin had raised this dog several years ago. In the past few years, no matter where he went, he would take the dog with him. The dog was very good at guarding the house. It usually did not bark, but if it did, there must be something wrong.

In that instant, Zhao Xin felt inexplicably flustered. A bad feeling filled his heart for no reason.

At that moment, there was the sound of a large number of footsteps. A member of the National People's Congress shouted, "We are the police. Everyone, listen up. Immediately put your hands on your head and squat on the ground. Do not try to resist, escape, or destroy the evidence. Otherwise, you will be charged even more!"

Zhao Xin's mind exploded with a buzz!

Police?

F * ck, I was just about to make a lot of money, why did the police come knocking on my door?!

Zhao Xin hurriedly jumped out of bed. As he put on his clothes, he began to think quickly.

This was not the first time he had been checked by the police. Every time, he had been able to escape unscathed. The reason was that he had no choice but to pay up. Generally speaking, when the police came, there were only three things to do: arrest, collect evidence, and put up a seal. But for a businessman like Zhao Xin who made money in the gray area, most of the time, as long as he paid up, he could be exempted from investigation.

Zhao Xin could not help but sigh, thinking to himself, What bad luck. Looks like I'll have to pay up again.

Just as Zhao Xin stood up, the door was suddenly kicked open. A few armed police officers rushed in. One of them walked up to Zhao Xin and asked, "Are you Zhao Xin?"

Zhao Xin knew that there was no point in denying it, so he gently nodded.