Chapter 1702

Li Mu asked President Lei to send a research team to Japan, asking them to learn the development strategy of Japan's tourism industry.

It would be best if he could get a design team from Japan. They were really good at cartoon design, and these elements were really successful when used in the tourism industry.

Not to mention the Japanese comics that were popular all over the world, just the Kumamon Bear alone had attracted a lot of tourists to Japan and Kumamoto Prefecture.

The Kumamon Bear was just a cartoon image of Kumamoto Prefecture.

Therefore, Li Mu thought that he had no right to design a cartoon image for a city in China, but he could design an exclusive image for his own tour route. For example, he could design a super cute or weird and cute panda image, and then use this panda image as the cartoon image of the panda tour route.

Then, he could spend money to spray these images on the fuselage of the plane from Yanjing to Sichuan, or from Shanghai to Sichuan. He could also spend money to print it on the plane seat pillow covers, on the in-flight food packaging, on the boarding pass, and even spend money to place visual advertisements in Sichuan Airport. He could also spend money to print them on the taxis in Sichuan.

At that time, he would let the foreign tourists who participated in the panda tour experience the visual impact of these cartoon images from the moment they arrived in Sichuan, strengthening their impression of this cartoon image. Then, he would place a lot of peripheral souvenirs made from these cartoon images in the tourist attractions of Sichuan, so that they could involuntarily buy them and bring them back.

In addition, he had to make full use of the Internet, and promote the cartoon image in various ways on the Internet. As long as people remembered this image, he had already won half the battle.

Thinking back to the Kumamon Bear, this ugly doll version of the cartoon version was too popular. All kinds of dirty movements, accompanied by text, dominated WeChat, Weibo, and other major online platforms.

If his panda tour route could be as popular as it was around the world, he really did not have to worry about the traffic.

Li Mu suddenly thought that he might as well transform that ugly thing into an ugly panda bear, wouldn't that solve the problem?

The Kumamon Bear was originally a cartoon bear. The main color was black, the eyes and mouth were white, and then red blush. There were three colors in total. The panda's main color was white, with black eyes, black nose, and mouth, and red blush could also be used …

In this way, it seemed that as long as he switched the black and white colors of the Kumamon Bear, and made some small modifications, it should be enough …

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt that he was really a talent. He had so easily pried away the future pillar industry of Kumamoto, Japan!

When the time comes, I'll put this image everywhere and make it into a real doll. Then, I'll train a few young lads to wear it to shoot various videos and animations. When this image becomes popular, I'll open up the license for free. Whoever wants to use it just needs to tell me and they can use it.

No matter if you were using its image to package condoms in the United States or mineral water in Europe, or even if KFC or McDonald's wanted to use it to launch a set meal, you could take it. It was free and you could use it as you pleased.

As long as it becomes popular, I'll hire two children's scriptwriters to come up with a script for an animated film.

When the script was ready, he handed it over to the Japanese team and asked them to work day and night to edit it into an anime and broadcast it in China.

In another two years, he'll hire a team like Pixar and produce one or two major cartoon movies. By then, he'll be the world's top cartoon character.

After that, Li Mu quickly found a few cartoon designers from Taobao and used his own rough drawing style to present the Kumamon Bear. Then, he used his own impression of the Kumamon Bear and asked them to continuously perfect it.

The cartoon designers were confused. No matter how they drew, they felt that this thing was really ugly. It was so ugly that they didn't even want to draw it.

The designers drew several versions, but they couldn't get the point. They couldn't even draw 60% of the Kumamon Bear's spirit.

Some of the designers even tried to beautify it, but when Li Mu found out, he immediately stopped them and said, "Don't try to make this thing look good. Once it looks good, you've already lost!"

The designers looked embarrassed, but they still followed Li Mu's instructions and perfected the panda version of the Kumamon Bear.

Li Mu looked at them attentively. Finally, he realized that one of the girls had basically drawn 90% of the Kumamon Bear's ugly appearance. He hurriedly said to her, "That's right, just like this. Make it fatter and more ugly. The eyes, don't make them round. Make them oval-shaped and stand upright!"

The cute female designer changed the draft and said with a wronged expression, "Li Zong, the panda is a national treasure. Is it really appropriate to draw it so ugly?"

"It's appropriate!" Li Mu said firmly, "It can't be more appropriate!

These days, not everything has to be beautiful to be popular. Being ugly is also a kind of style! "

Seeing that the female designer was almost done, Li Mu clapped his hands and said, "Come on, blush!

Use the most gaudy red! "

The female designer bit the bullet and drew the color on.

After seeing it, Li Mu said happily, "That's great!

That's it! "

On the screen, it was an "albino" version of the Kumamon Bear. That cheap, ugly, and cute look had not changed at all. It was the essence of it.

Li Mu could even picture the look of the panda version of the Kumamon Bear playing dirty.

The panda version of the Kumamon Bear riding a motorcycle, playing soccer, tripping while walking, being naughty, running like an idiot, wearing a dirty headscarf, waving a red flag, stretching its legs to trip people …

These images seemed to be alive, appearing in front of Li Mu's eyes continuously. He could not wait for the real life version of the Kumamon Bear to be made. Then, he would get a team to record a bunch of GIFs!

However, with GIFs, there must be an emoji pack. The current YY system did not have such a cool function as an emoji pack …

It seemed that he had to create a new generation of emoji packs first!

Thinking of this, he hurriedly called Fang Xudong and asked him, "Currently, is it difficult to send a GIF directly to the other party in the YY dialog box? The other party does not need to receive it and can directly see the GIF in the dialog box."

Fang Xudong said, "It's not difficult. It can be easily achieved. Li Zong, what are you going to do?"

Li Mu said, "First, give me a test version that can be achieved. Oh right, in the emoji section, add a custom emoji function. The custom emoji must support pictures and GIF formats."

"Okay!"

…

After giving instructions to Fang Xudong, the more Li Mu looked at the panda version of the Kumamon Bear, the more he liked it. He kept praising it, "Tsk tsk, this is really great!

Perfect!

Absolutely perfect! "

The female designer was about to cry, "Li Zong, are you really going to use this as a cartoon for our panda tour?"

Li Mu immediately nodded and said, "That's right, I'll use it!"

The girl said with red eyes, "Then can you not say that I participated in the design? I'm afraid that I'll be scolded …"

Li Mu laughed, "Scolded?

Just wait and see, this image will definitely be popular … "

The girl said awkwardly, "But it's really ugly. I haven't drawn such an ugly thing since I was three years old."

Li Mu stared at the panda version of the Kumamon Bear and asked, "Don't you think it looks really cool?"

All the designers shook their heads in bewilderment, wondering if there was something wrong with the boss's taste.

Li Mu did not care about that. He said to the girl directly, "Hurry up and make a full view rendering of this image."

After saying that, he quickly called Lei Jianguo over and showed him the cartoon image. He said, "Mr. Lei, get our team to find the best factory in Yiwu to produce dozens of dolls according to this image. Then, make a few sets of ornaments of different sizes, dolls, fridge stickers, keychains, hats, T-shirts, plastic bags, cloth bags. Anyway, as long as it's a small product that you can think of, find a factory to make it. The workmanship must be good enough."

Lei Jianguo looked at the panda version of the Kumamon Bear and smacked his lips with a depressed expression, "Li Zong, isn't this thing a little ugly?"

Li Mu nodded, "Yes, it's quite ugly."

Lei Jianguo laughed awkwardly, "Do you want to make some adjustments?"

Li Mu waved his hand, "No adjustments, this is it!"

Lei Jianguo said, "Our national treasure is so beautiful and cute, but this one is so ugly. To be honest, I can't even bear to look at it …"

As he said that, Lei Jianguo said seriously, "I think it's not as good as the cartoon panda from the 1990 Asian Games …"

"You …" Li Mu couldn't help but shake his head when he thought of the panda.

The panda Panpan was a cartoon style from more than ten years ago. Wouldn't promoting pandas with the panda Panpan look all the way to their grandmother's house?

Lei Jianguo held his chin and said, "Do you think this mascot looks better when it crawls on all fours than standing up?

It feels a little strange standing up. After all, pandas are reptiles. "

Li Mu really wanted to kick him. Crawl on all fours?

You're going crazy!

I'm going to use this as an anthropomorphic cartoon image. Tell me, crawl on all fours. Is there an anthropomorphic image that crawls on all fours?

I didn't expect you, Lei Jianguo, to have such a lack of imagination.

Immediately, Li Mu asked him, "CEO Lei, I have a very serious question for you."

Lei Jianguo hurriedly said, "Li Zong, please ask."

Li Mu asked, "Out of all the animal-based cartoon images that are deeply rooted in people's hearts, which one of them crawls on all fours?

Which one of them doesn't walk upright like a human?

Do America's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles crawl on all fours to fight?

Does Doraemon crawl on all fours and follow behind Big Xiong every day?

Black Cat Sergeant rides a motorcycle like a human, and you're telling me that a cartoon image needs to crawl on all fours?

I really want to kick you out! "

Lei Jianguo scratched his head awkwardly. "According to what you said, it does make a lot of sense. It's still better to stand and be anthropomorphic …"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Hurry up and contact the manufacturer. Hurry up and get this thing done. The panda tour route is about to go on sale. Time is of the essence."

Seeing that Li Mu insisted, Lei Jianguo could only nod and say, "Then I'll hurry up and arrange for the design when it's done."

Saying that, Lei Jianguo asked curiously, "Li Zong, what's this guy's name?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Let's call it Panda Bear. Its English name is Panda.

Bear！”