Chapter 1095

Before departing for Shenzhen City, Li Mu and Su Yingxue had a meal together. Su Yingxue's decision to go to Harvard as an exchange student had been confirmed. According to her, Li Mu's speech at Harvard had given her greater motivation and made her have a greater desire to go to Harvard.

There were some words that Su Yingxue didn't say very clearly. In fact, fundamentally speaking, she had always felt that the gap between her and Li Mu had been widening at an extremely fast speed by Li Mu, which made Su Yingxue feel great psychological pressure. She couldn't bear to give up Li Mu, but she also realized that if this gap continued to widen, she and Li Mu would eventually become strangers. Therefore, she decided to seize this opportunity to improve herself as much as possible.

More importantly, leaving for half a year would not only allow her to make greater progress in her studies, but it would also give her a good opportunity to calm down and adjust. This might bring about a change in the relationship between the two of them. The current state of the two of them made Su Yingxue feel that she was in a dilemma. Instead of that, she might as well take this opportunity to adjust.

Li Mu respected Su Yingxue's choice, but at the same time, he felt that he seemed to have deviated too much from Su Yingxue.

The fetters of his previous life, Su Yingxue's character, Li Mu's booming career, and the influence of other women on Li Mu made the two unable to develop a healthy and stable relationship even after they established a relationship. Li Mu had secretly reviewed this point many times, but he couldn't come up with an effective way to solve it.

Li Mu didn't think that he was a playboy in his previous life, but ultimately, it was because he wasn't good enough in his previous life, so he didn't have the basic conditions to be a playboy.

But now, it seemed that Li Mu deeply felt that most men had universal love deep in their hearts. Especially when their strength was raised to a certain level and there were more women around them that they were unwilling to let go of, this kind of mentality would be more obvious.

Li Mu didn't oppose Su Yingxue's decision to go to Harvard, because he also felt that it was not a bad thing for Su Yingxue to go to the United States. On the contrary, it could temporarily help them get rid of the embarrassing dilemma, and then they could start again in a new way.

Although Su Yingxue was worried about her decision and the fact that she was about to leave Li Mu for half a year, her character made her suppress these emotions at the bottom of her heart. She always felt that there was still a long way to go in the future. If she wanted to go further with Li Mu, then the most important thing to do now was to make herself closer to him in terms of level, and not in terms of space.

Su Yingxue's time to go to the United States was set on December 30th. At that time, she would go to the United States with several other exchange students from the National People's Congress, led by a female leader of the National People's Congress. Under normal circumstances, she would return in July next year.

For Su Yingxue, there was basically no time to return to China to visit her family in the next six months, so it was inevitable that she was a little depressed. Fortunately, Li Mu told her that he would definitely go to the United States frequently in the future, and then there would be opportunities to visit her at Harvard.

Then, until Li Mu took Li Ziwei and Wang Yuanlang to a small business jet to Shenzhen, Li Mu did not see anyone.

For the media all over the world, Li Mu had disappeared from the media's sight for too long.

Before that, Li Mu had always been the object of competition for all media reports. The media paid special attention to his every move. Where he went, who he met, and what he did could basically be seen in the media reports. But after Makino Technology and Sequoia Capital signed the C series of 3.3 billion US dollars financing, Li Mu disappeared from everyone's sight.

These days, the American media carried out several rounds of extensive reports around 3.3 billion US dollars. A Hua Xia company went to the United States to conquer the entire American Internet market, and then took 3.3 billion US dollars in cash from the American capital market. This was too shocking for the Americans and even the whole West. So even though Li Mu had not appeared in front of the media for many days, the reports about him had never stopped.

However, reports were reports, and there was no current situation of Li Mu in any of the reports.

At first, some media speculated that Li Mu had taken a vacation after completing the C series of financing, and some media suspected that Li Mu had quietly returned to China. Some media even went to Hollywood to interview Anne Hathaway, trying to find out the whereabouts of Li Mu from this Hollywood female star who had some "scandals" with Li Mu.

Anne Hathaway was also an honest girl. When she faced the media cameras, she said frankly, "I don't know where Li Mu is. I've left him a message on YY for many days, but I haven't gotten a reply from him."

The media was in an uproar again. What was going on? His rumored girlfriend didn't know where Li Mu was, and he hadn't replied to her messages for many days. Had Li Mu disappeared from the face of the earth?

Some media began to suspect that Li Mu had quietly returned to China. But then again, even if Li Mu was in China, the media in Hua Xia, as well as the major media outlets in Hua Xia, should have received the news. But why didn't Hua Xia have any reports about Li Mu's recent situation?

Later, the American media with connections got anonymous information from the customs. The information said that Li Mu had already left the United States and returned to Hua Xia.

Only then did everyone understand that Li Mu had really left the United States and returned to Hua Xia.

However, it had been so many days since Li Mu returned to Hua Xia. Why hadn't there been any news from him?

After all, Hua Xia was Li Mu's home ground. He had been so high-profile during his time in the United States. After returning to China, he would definitely be regarded as a hero by the whole of Hua Xia. It was impossible for him to disappear after returning to Hua Xia.

Just when all the media were puzzled by Li Mu's disappearance, Taobao Logistics suddenly released a big piece of news to all the media in Hua Xia: Li Mu would attend the launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics' automatic sorting system in Shenzhen's logistics base.

Li Mu had been missing for so many days, and the media all over the world had been looking for him for so many days. Countless speculations had not been able to get the final confirmation. Unexpectedly, Taobao Logistics suddenly issued this announcement, which suddenly attracted the attention of all the media!

For the media, they had long known many companies under Li Mu's name. Under Li Mu's industrial structure, there were two core main lines, one was Makino Technology, and the other was Taobao Network.

Although Makino Technology had been separated at the capital level, Makino Games, Makino Image, and even Easy Listening Network were all enterprises on the core main line of Makino Technology. It was equivalent to the enterprise matrix with Makino Technology as the main force;

The core main line of Taobao Network was based on Taobao Network, together with Taobao Logistics and Alipay, forming a complete e-commerce industry matrix, even including online and offline. It could be said that Li Mu had a set of perfect and mature e-commerce solutions;

At present, the core main line of Li Mu was the core main line of Makino Technology. However, the authoritative media was very clear that Li Mu's Taobao Network would also become a giant. Not to mention anything else, the tens of billions of deposits in his hands were enough to make people look at him in a different light. More importantly, e-commerce had just started, and this field was bound to have broader development space.

Li Mu disappeared for a few days after returning to China. Originally, all the media was guessing how he would handle his first appearance after returning to China. Most of the media guessed that Li Mu's first appearance was likely to be an exclusive interview with CCTV. After all, CCTV was the most authoritative media in China, and they had a very good relationship with Li Mu. However, they did not expect that Li Mu's first appearance after returning to China would be to support Taobao Logistics.

With Li Mu's vision and wisdom, he must be very clear about what kind of impact his first appearance after returning to China would have on Hua Xia and even the world. Using his first appearance on Taobao Logistics was enough to show how much importance Li Mu attached to Taobao Logistics.

Before this, although the media knew about Taobao Logistics, no one had dug into the specific situation of Taobao Logistics. They only knew that this was a supporting logistics system that Li Mu had set up for Taobao Network, and it had just started a few months ago. Under the halo of Li Mu's Makino Technology and Taobao Network, no one had paid attention to the state of Taobao Logistics. Subconsciously, they felt that Taobao Logistics should be just in its infancy at this stage.

However, Taobao Logistics suddenly announced to the public that it would launch the automatic sorting system, which made the keen media feel strongly unusual.

The information released by Taobao Logistics to the media included a general introduction of Taobao Logistics and an introduction of the automatic sorting system. In this brief introduction, Taobao Logistics said that it had ordered six sets of automatic sorting systems from German Berman Machinery, and these six sets of automatic sorting systems had all arrived in Hua Xia. They would be installed and put into use in the six logistics bases of Taobao Logistics in the near future. The set in Shenzhen would be the first set of automatic sorting systems put into use by Taobao Logistics in Hua Xia.

After the media learned a little about German Berman and automatic sorting systems, they were immediately shocked by Taobao Logistics.

First of all, German Berman was the top manufacturer of automatic sorting systems in the world. In the Western logistics industry, as well as the share of airport baggage sorting systems, it occupied more than half of the market share and was very well-known.

Secondly, although the automatic sorting system was a new word, the media knew that this system was simply too extravagant for the current national conditions of Hua Xia.

The reason why it was extravagant was that the price of a single set was very high. Any set of automatic sorting systems cost 20 to 30 million yuan, and this did not include the follow-up operation and maintenance costs. At this stage in Hua Xia, only the big brother of the postal service could afford this kind of high-end equipment. Moreover, the automatic sorting system of the postal service was relatively old, and the cost was not so high.