Chapter 1662

Almost no one would have the time to study the registration terms of a website.

It would be fine if the legal staff were to do such a thing, but the key point was that it was impossible for the legal staff to handle the operation of Titter accounts in a company. Therefore, when the operators were registering, they did not look at the lengthy and tedious terms at all. They immediately clicked on "Agree to the Registration Terms" and confirmed the registration.

However, no one would have thought that the registration terms of Titter would have so many biased "overbearing terms".

The key point was that the overbearing terms had full legal effect on Titter. This was because Titter itself was a product developed and operated by Makino Technology. The registration terms were originally set by Titter itself, and the relevant laws in the United States were only used as a reference.

No matter who it was, even if it was the personal Titter of the President of the United States, as long as he registered an account, it meant that he had agreed to the registration terms of Titter. If he violated the terms, Titter had the right to deal with his account.

When Mars sued Makino Technology in the United States, Makino Technology immediately released a statement to the world through Titter's official channel. The statement said:

"In order to create malicious hype, Mars blamed the failure of its online auction on the so-called" technical problems "of Makino Technology, and used this as a basis to launch a series of malicious, despicable, unscrupulous, and unscrupulous marketing campaigns. This violated the registration terms accepted by the company when it registered Titter. For this reason, Makino Technology solemnly announces that in accordance with the registration terms of Makino Technology's Titter platform, all Titter accounts under Mars will be indefinitely banned."

In the video, Li Mu himself recorded a video. In the video, he sat in front of his desk in his office and said in English with a look of disgust, "Regarding Mars' lawsuit against Makino Technology in the United States, Makino Technology reserves the right to countersue Mars for malicious slander. At the same time, as the founder and chairman of Makino Technology, I'm personally shocked by Mars' shameless behavior. At the same time, I also want to warn them that they must abide by the laws and regulations of the local government in society, abide by the school laws and regulations in school, and abide by the rules and regulations of the platform in the online world. This is the understanding and upbringing that every adult should have. Since Mars has chosen to register its own official Titter, it must abide by all the rules set by Titter. Once violated, it will be punished accordingly. If Mars has any dissatisfaction with this, I, along with Makino Technology, will definitely accompany them to the end!"

As soon as Li Mu's video was released, it immediately caused a huge sensation on the Internet. The news of Mars suing Makino Technology had just come out and became a hot topic. Li Mu immediately slapped Mars hard in the face, and it was a solid slap.

Mars sued Makino Technology based on the fact that Makino Technology had maliciously restricted their official Titter and maliciously promoted negative news about them. They had no actual evidence for the latter and were merely playing to the gallery. As for the former, Mars did not have any reason at all.

Makino Technology directly took out the full text of the registration clause and highlighted clause 8.3.1. It directly told the world that Mars had to abide by Titter's rules in the world of Titter. Otherwise, it would be kicked out immediately. Want to sue?

If you can win, I'll give you Titter.

Mars sued Makino Technology directly. In fact, it was just to make the matter bigger and gain sympathy by playing the weak. They did not even study the registration clause of Titter. They simply thought that Makino Technology's domineering performance needed to be punished by the judicial system and be despised by the entire American people.

However, they never dreamed that Li Mu would have a completely unyielding attitude. Not only was he not timid at all, but more importantly, he reprimanded Mars. He also took out his platform registration clause and asked Mars, "When you registered, you clearly clicked accept. Why are you going back on your words now?"

Initially, some onlookers who did not know the truth thought that Li Mu had indeed gone overboard, forcing a physical company to this extent. However, when Li Mu's video was released, these people immediately understood the truth. Mars was clearly doing malicious marketing and forcefully pushing the blame to Makino Technology. They were punished by Makino Technology according to the platform's rules. Now, they jumped out to complain first. Their faces were really ugly!

Just as Li Mu's statement video went viral on the Internet, the United States District Court of the Eastern District of New York, which had just accepted Mars' lawsuit, immediately announced through their official Titter, "As Makino Technology has the final right to interpret the Titter platform, Mars' lawsuit against Makino Technology for maliciously restricting its official Titter function is dismissed. At the same time, due to insufficient evidence, Mars' lawsuit against Makino Technology for maliciously indulging and promoting negative news that slandered Mars is dismissed. Mars can file a lawsuit again in the district court after preparing sufficient evidence."

Mars did not expect that right after Li Mu came out and slapped them in the face, the United States District Court of the Eastern District of New York also jumped out and slapped them in the face.

In fact, one could not blame the United States District Court of the Eastern District of New York for being a fence-sitter. It was mainly because when they accepted the case, they only wanted to create big news. However, they did not expect that there would be such a big bug in this matter.

The United States' judicial system and the American people "abhor evil." Most of the giant companies were overbearing, monopolizing, and operating under the table. Therefore, they did not have a good impression in the minds of the people. Mars also hoped to use this point to mobilize the judicial department's dissatisfaction with Makino Technology, as well as the public's anger toward Makino Technology. However, just as they put it into action, they shot themselves in the foot.

Now, Mars was being scolded all over the internet. Even many television media outlets were criticizing Mars' shameless practices. The host of a CNN talk show even openly mocked Mars on the show. He said, "Mars may have been the king in the physical industry for too long, and their sense of superiority is so strong that they have completely ignored the importance of 'rules.' Here, I would like to ask the chairman of the board of directors of Mars. Could it be that you only have American laws in your eyes, and no other rules?

Just because guns are legal in the United States, you can bring guns to someone else's house, or even to another country?

Just because abortion is illegal in the United States, you can sue a woman in another country for voluntary abortion?

Do you think that as long as you abide by American laws, you don't need to abide by Titter's platform rules? "

There were also television media people who openly criticized, "This series of unimaginable practices by Mars has really tarnished the reputation of American companies. The turning point of the whole incident is nothing more than Mars' own misjudgment. They missed the extremely cost-effective resource auction of Makino Technology. For the sake of hype, they did not hesitate to abandon their integrity and caused a series of problems. Makino Technology punished Mars according to its own platform rules. I didn't expect Mars to actually complain first and try to use the judicial department to put pressure on Makino Technology. This incident has greatly affected the image of American entrepreneurs. Mars should be responsible for this!"

Ordinary people also abhorred Mars' series of practices. The Internet was full of attacks and abuse against Mars' actions, causing Mars' reputation to fall to rock bottom.

Li Mu was not ready to let Mars go. He immediately let the Internet Water Army take the lead and forcefully pushed a new topic in the English Titter. "Boycott Mars, starting from me."

On this topic, a large number of netizens posted tweets, saying that they would start from themselves and boycott a series of Mars products. Some people even specially made a complete Mars product chain, listing all the product brands under Mars, so that netizens could accurately boycott them in their daily lives.

Although this topic was pushed by Li Mu's Internet Water Army, after it was pushed, it did indeed attract the support of a large number of ordinary users. Invisibly, it had already cut a large portion of Mars' brand value.

Mars was extremely troubled at this time.

Never in their dreams would they have thought that one wrong step after another would lead them to this messy situation today.

As the chairman of the board of directors of Mars, Roland Mars was under immense pressure. Although Mars itself was the family business of the Mars family, the competition within the family business was also very fierce. Many people hoped that Roland Mars would admit his mistake and resign. Roland Mars relied on his family's voting rights to barely maintain his position as chairman of the board.

But at this time, he was already regretting it to the point that his intestines were green.

It was not that Li Mu did not give him a chance. When Li Mu told him the Chinese idiom "bear a bramble and ask for forgiveness," he gave him a way out. However, his pride prompted him to not accept Li Mu's opportunity at all. He even wanted to go against Li Mu and try to force Li Mu to compromise.

Now, retribution had come. Not only did Li Mu not compromise, but he also grabbed his collar and beat his face left and right, beating him until he was in despair.

The criticism and accusations from the media and netizens were increasing. The pressure on Mars was also increasing. As the news continued to ferment and the online address activities continued to escalate, Mars' terminal sales continued to decline. The decline was huge. Many big distributors came to question them. As Mars' agents, they had to see all kinds of negative news about Mars every day. Now, the overall sales were getting worse. If this continued, there would be no profit to speak of this year.

Roland Mars was overwhelmed by the huge internal and external pressure. At this time, he really regretted it, but it was too late. He immediately wanted to get in touch with Li Mu and admit defeat immediately. However, Li Mu did not leave him any communication channel at all, making him unable to find a suitable entry point.

Therefore, Roland Mars could only pass the message to Li Mu through acquaintances. The first person he looked for was Spielberg, who was filming in Hua Xia.

Spielberg and Roland Mars were old acquaintances. In the past, Roland Mars had spent a lot of money to place advertisements in Spielberg's movies, so the two had a lot of business contacts.

When Spielberg received Roland Mars's request, he took the initiative to call Li Mu to explain the situation, hoping that Li Mu could change his attitude. He did not expect Li Mu to say, "I've already said my attitude is to bear a bramble and ask for forgiveness!"