Chapter 1766

After announcing the investment and the future deployment plan, Li Mu further announced the future personnel structure of Hungry Mike.

He decided that he would personally lead the company and be the CEO of Hungry Mike. He would be in charge of all of Hungry Mike's businesses.

Lei Jun Lei Jianguo would be the COO of Hungry Mike. He would be in charge of Hungry Mike's operations, publicity, and promotion.

Liu Shixiong would be in charge of the delivery business, including but not limited to the establishment of the rider team, the support, and the management of the rider team.

As for the other executives of Hungry Mike, they would temporarily be managed by the middle and upper management of both parties. At the same time, they would hire the best headhunting companies to search for high-end talents in different fields all over the country and even the world.

In the next two years, Hungry Mike's focus was to expand and develop in the cities. They had to cover all the prefecture-level cities in the country in the shortest time possible.

Li Mu said in a serious tone during the meeting, "In order to satisfy Hungry Mike's need to cover the whole country quickly, we have to build five big business systems in the shortest time possible."

After a pause, Li Mu wrote down the five business systems he had planned on the blackboard.

The business management system, the rider management system, the service management system, the technology management system, and the safety management system.

After that, Li Mu explained one by one, "The business management system, on one hand, is to fully expand the business and strive to connect all the regular restaurants in the covered area to Hungry Mike. However, everyone must pay attention to one thing. Food safety is an important bottom line that we have to consider and supervise on behalf of the public. Therefore, any restaurant must have all the necessary qualifications, and the legal person must be recorded into our internal business management system."

"If a business has food safety problems, depending on the severity of the problem, the highest punishment that can be given is that the business and all the other restaurants under the legal person's name will be permanently restricted from connecting to Hungry Mike. We will also actively help the victims to seek compensation for their rights."

"Customer complaints must be taken seriously and responsibly. If businesses commit fraud, abuse, or harm to customers, they must be dealt with strictly and severely. They must not be biased towards businesses, try to smooth things over, or do nothing. They must give consumers a satisfactory explanation."

After that, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "Mr. Lei, introduce the Taobao store reputation system and the reputation ranking algorithm into the Taobao store. Every store will have to go through a reputation rating. If a store commits any fraud or has any customer complaints, the reputation points will be deducted. The lower the reputation points, the lower the display ranking. If a store reaches a certain level of reputation, the exposure of the store will be restricted. Once the store reaches a certain level of exposure, even if the user actively searches for it, the store will be shown as being punished and the user's order will be terminated."

Lei Jianguo immediately nodded and said, "We haven't used this on Taobao yet for the time being, but it's a very good idea. We'll gather the technicians after the meeting and develop this function as soon as possible. Then, we'll share it with both sides."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "You have to be fast."

“ok。”

Li Mu said again, "Once the algorithm is set, no one can change it in private, and no one can leak the rules of the algorithm. We must fundamentally eliminate the possibility of internal corruption and internal cheating, and ensure the fairness of the company's operations to the greatest extent."

In his previous life, when a few food delivery platforms were growing wildly, there were cases of using loopholes and algorithm corruption, and the impact was very bad.

For example, on a certain platform, a manager let his relative open a restaurant, and then used the algorithm and the authority to tilt resources to crazily guide the restaurant he invested in. The restaurant's monthly income even exceeded a million yuan. Not only was this extremely unfair to other businesses, but it also caused a huge impact on the company's platform's image.

It was just like when people opened Hungry Men or Meituan and chose a delicacy, the first restaurant that came out would always be the one with the most traffic. If this ranking was done according to a fair and just algorithm, there would naturally be no problem.

But if it was done artificially, it would directly affect the traffic and income of every restaurant that was ranked at the bottom.

Li Mu's company was never stingy when it came to employee treatment, but if anyone wanted to build their own rat barn in his company, they must be severely punished, and not tolerated!

Then, Li Mu said to Liu Shixiong, "As for the rider management system, Liu Shixiong, you have to pay 120% attention, because the scale of this team in the future will not be any smaller than the current Taobao Logistics. Eating is a high-frequency consumer behavior, and compared to online shopping, the frequency of users repurchasing is much faster. It's possible that a user will place three or four orders a day, so the requirements for the rider team will be very high."

"For a rider team with a scale of a million, in terms of management, we must learn from the management model of the modern army. Squads and battalions must be connected, and all levels must be clearly divided. The leadership structure must be clear and direct. Even if it's a five-person delivery team, there must be a person in charge, and he must report seamlessly to his superior."

Liu Shixiong immediately said, "I've thought about this. My idea is to adopt a regional management system, and from the national level, there will be five to eight regions, and each region will be divided according to the province as a unit. Further down, there will be prefecture-level cities and administrative regions. As for the specific management of the urban areas, we must make sure that the person in charge of each city comes up with a clear regional division model, from the person in charge of the district to the person in charge of the street.

Li Mu nodded, "Also, the rider team must be given adequate legal training. No matter what, no retaliation against users, no harm, and no abuse of users is allowed. If there is, the rider team will be permanently expelled, and in serious cases, the rider team will be handed over to the public security department."

Liu Shixiong said, "Rest assured, Li Zong, I will be strict on this point."

Li Mu said, "Not only do we need our rider team to abide by the law, but we also need to give the rider team enough protection. There must be personal accident insurance, and there must be an accident compensation fund, especially for traffic accidents. In addition, all the riders in charge must be warned that if any of their riders are wronged or bullied while abiding by the law on the road, they must resolutely defend their rights to the end. No one will back down."

Liu Shixiong nodded solemnly, "I will treat everyone as my brothers and give them enough protection!"

Li Mu waved his hand, "Liu Shixiong, in the future, don't call your employees brothers, and don't express such views and opinions in public that employees are your brothers."

Liu Shixiong asked with some surprise, "Li Zong, why is that?"

Li Mu looked at him and seriously said four words, "The difference in class."

As for the rest, Li Mu didn't say much and let him figure it out on his own.

Liu Shixiong liked to call his employees brothers, which was a characteristic he had in his previous life.

In his previous life, Li Mu had learned about some of Liu Shixiong's style of doing things. Although Liu Shixiong was quite good at management, sometimes there would be some false things, or some elements of arrogance.

Calling employees brothers could easily overdraw their enthusiasm and increase employees' expectations for the company. In a short period of time, it would definitely be helpful for everyone's attitude and work efficiency.

However, this thing itself was like illegal drugs taken by athletes. Once you couldn't fulfill it, it would double the backlash, and you would be ostracized by your employees.

There were many bosses who were good at painting, but there were very few bosses who were good at painting and had the ability to let their employees eat.

Those who only cared about painting and didn't eat, most of them ended up being deserted by their employees.

Senior Fellow Apprentice Liu was born in a poor family and had a strong Jianghu temperament. Although his financial resources and social status had already entered the top class in the country, he still liked to be very down-to-earth. In Li Mu's view, in fact, when things reached an extreme, they would go in the opposite direction.

If you told employees with a monthly income of a few thousand that you were all good brothers, and that you would take care of your work, life, children's education, parents' support, housing, and medical care, everyone would naturally worship people at the top of the social class like you. They would also feel that you had a strong credibility, and it would be very easy for them to really believe you. However, once you broke your promise, it would be very difficult to regain this credibility.

Moreover, in Li Mu's opinion, some of his actions were more or less pretentious.

For example, he would invite low-level employees to eat together during the New Year's Eve dinner, and he would call them brothers at the dinner table. He would feel like he had integrated into the group.

However, who didn't know that he had billions of assets, countless mansions, luxury cars, private jets, and a beautiful wife at home?

But what about those so-called "brothers" who ate with him?

After they finished eating with him, they would put on cotton-padded jackets and ride electric tricycles to deliver goods.

What about him?

After he finished eating, he would wipe his mouth and take his wife back to his thousand-square-meter mansion in a Rolls-Royce. Or he would directly take a private jet to Southern California to bask in the sun, go skiing in Switzerland, go shopping in France, or go to Japan to soak in a hot spring. The world was big, and there was a place for him everywhere.

With such an obvious gap in class, he still insisted on calling others brothers. It was really a bit of self-deception.

Therefore, in business management, Li Mu preferred the two Ma brothers.

Everyone worked together to build a career together, make money together, and achieve financial freedom. Therefore, whether it was the CEO or the low-level employees, even if it was just a receptionist, everyone was colleagues and collaborators. It was normal and reasonable for there to be a gap in strength and class between collaborators.

Although some of the 18 Arhats in Ali left later, overall, the 18 Arhats had achieved financial freedom in Ali. Boss Ma did not brag about his brotherhood with them. Everyone was a partner, simple and direct.

Tengxun's Boss Ma was usually more low-key, and his overall style was closer to the strategy of partners. For example, Zhang Xiaolong, the father of WeChat, had an annual salary of hundreds of millions and was a top core member of Tengxun. However, Boss Ma had never heard Zhang Xiaolong say that he was his brother on any occasion.

Therefore, Li Mu also didn't want Senior Brother Liu to continue to use the methods of brothers and sisters in his previous life when he was managing Taobao Logistics and Hungry Rider, these two super huge teams in this life. There was no point in doing all those empty things, and instead, he would be ridiculed by everyone.

For a team of tens of millions of people, anyone who heard the CEO saying that he wanted everyone to buy a house would know that he was bragging.

Liu Shixiong did not seem to understand what Li Mu meant by the "gap in class", but he knew Li Mu's way of doing things. If he told you something, you could slowly understand it, but even if you did not understand, you had to do it.

He really liked to talk about "brotherhood" with the people below him. It seemed that Li Mu might not like this method. He had to pay more attention in the future.