Chapter 320

Chen Ze did not expect Li Mu to agree so readily. After all, he was asking for a song from Li Mu. To a singer or a songwriter, a song was very important. Even someone like Chen Ze, who did not understand music, knew very well how important a song was to a singer.

Everyone knew how important a good song was to a singer in the music industry. A good song could turn a fifth rate singer into a first rate singer overnight. A good song could make a singer rely on it for a lifetime. For example, Ren Xianqi's "Too Softhearted" was the golden song of his life. Sun Yue's "Wishing You Peace and Prosperity" was the same.

Chen Ze thanked him profusely over the phone. His tone was even a little emotional. Such an agitated action really surprised Li Mu. From this, it could be seen that his love for Dufy was real. Otherwise, how could he be so concerned about her?

Chen Ze felt that Li Mu was giving him too much face. He did not even have the confidence to ask, but Li Mu agreed without hesitation. Such a friend was really speechless.

Li Mu did not mind. A good song was indeed precious, but he had too many good songs in his mind. The most troublesome thing about agreeing to Chen Ze's request was that he did not know which song to give to Du Wei.

After hanging up Chen Ze's call, Li Mu started thinking in his mind.

In general, Du Wei's role in "Oldboys" was that of a sad female lead. Although she and Zhang Kexuan were childhood sweethearts, Zhang Kexuan left her life without saying goodbye. She could not forget Zhang Kexuan, but in the end, she could not endure time and reality. She married a man she did not love. After she was married, Zhang Kexuan reappeared in her world because he participated in a singing competition. But at this time, she had almost completely missed Zhang Kexuan. The ending of the movie also ended with her crying as she watched Zhang Kexuan participate in the finals. If he were to choose a song based on her character, the tone of the song would definitely be more melancholic.

The first song that came to Li Mu's mind was the song "For Our Love" by Fei 'er. One of the lyrics was quite in line with the love story of the male and female lead in this movie. It was the most popular line: "Our love, once it's over, it's never coming back."

However, although the song was not bad, the overall mood was a little too sad. This micro movie was originally only about forty minutes long, and the main plot was about a simple plan of four people's persistence and pursuit of their dreams. The relationship between the male and female lead was just an auxiliary line. If he were to use such a song to emphasize the relationship between the two people that died prematurely, Li Mu always felt that it was putting the cart before the horse and usurping the main focus. It was not very appropriate.

Then, Li Mu thought of Adele's "SomeoneLike You". Although this song was also quite sad, it was not simply about being sentimental. Instead, it was about remembering and blessing the other party. It used the mentality of pretending to let go of this sadness. The mood of this song was more than one level higher than that of "For Our Love". However, there were also many disadvantages to choosing this song. For example, English songs were not immersive to Chinese people. Very few English songs could appear on the domestic music charts. If he chose this song for Du Wei, this song would probably not be popular.

In addition, many famous songs of domestic female singers began to emerge in Li Mu's mind, but the more that emerged, the more he did not know which song to choose.

Qu Wanting's famous song "In My Voice" suddenly came to Li Mu's mind. The mood of this song was more suitable, and this song was really popular in later years.

Just when Li Mu was about to decide on this song, another song suddenly emerged in his mind. It was the theme song of the same name sung by the Heavenly Queen Wang Fei for the movie "In a Hurry".

The lyrics of the song "In a Hurry" were one of the top works in Mandarin in Li Mu's mind. It was written by Lin Xi, a legendary lyricist in the Chinese music industry. Especially the lyrics of the chorus, it was worth deeply appreciating.

"If we can't see each other with red eyes, can we still blush?

Just like the beautiful rumors of forever together in a hurry that year

If the past is still worth nostalgia, don't bury the hatchet too quickly

Who is willing to be like this, with nothing to hold each other back

We have to owe each other. Otherwise, how can we remember each other … "

Not only the lyrics, but the tune of this song was also first-class. Liang Qiaobo was also a very famous music producer in Hong Kong. Not only had he worked with a large number of A-list singers, but he also served as the music director of "I Am a Singer". He had profound musical attainments.

When Li Mu thought of this song, he had already hummed it in his heart. He felt that this song was also quite suitable, and it was not a normal kind of suitable.

Li Mu's heart was in a dilemma between the two songs "In My Voice" and "In a Hurry". When the car drove to the entrance of a famous Sichuan restaurant, Li Mu had not made a choice.

If Li Mu had to choose subjectively, he would be more inclined to the song "In a Hurry". However, there were too many classic songs by the Heavenly Queen. In fact, this song did not form a phenomenal level of popularity in the future. On the contrary, "In My Voice" became popular for a period of time. Li Mu was not sure whether "In a Hurry" had the gene of phenomenal popularity, but "In My Voice" undoubtedly did.

However, "That Year in a Hurry" also had its own winning points. This song was better than "In My Voice" in terms of content, mood, melody, and other aspects. This song would definitely last longer, and the possibility of it becoming a classic in the future was higher.

Sitting at the dining table with the menu, Li Mu was still repeatedly comparing the advantages and disadvantages of these two songs in his mind. Seeing that Li Mu was a little absent-minded, Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask, "What are you thinking about? You're so absorbed."

Li Mu came to his senses and said awkwardly, "I want to write a song for the female lead of our movie, but I can't decide which starting point to write it from. I have two ideas in my mind, and it's difficult to choose one or the other."

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "Then why don't you write both ideas? In this way, you will have two more works, and the girl will have one more choice."

Li Mu asked her, "Do you mean to write two songs for her to choose?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said with a smile, "Since you have the ability to write songs, and you write them so well, why don't you encourage yourself and write more?"

Li Mu thought about it and agreed. Writing one or two songs was the same. Since he couldn't choose, he might as well write them all and let Du Wei record them into two demos. When the time came, everyone would decide which one to put in the movie. The song that was put in the movie was his salary for Du Wei and a favor for Chen Ze. In addition, the extra song would be his gift to Du Wei. It had to be said that Li Mu still liked the girl Du Wei very much. Although she was about the same age as him, in Li Mu's heart, he loved her like a sister.

After making up his mind, the struggle in Li Mu's heart suddenly disappeared. He looked at the menu and ordered a few dishes that Su Yingxue liked to eat.

…

Back on the set, Li Mu stayed on the set for nearly eight hours in one breath. It was not until ten o 'clock that he finished the few sets of scenes that he had scheduled for the day.

Su Yingxue stayed behind Li Mu the whole time. She watched as he meticulously stared at the screen behind the monitor. Then, he jumped out and gave various suggestions to the props and cameramen with his hand gestures. Then, he ran over to explain the scene to the actors. He looked very professional. However, what surprised and impressed Su Yingxue was that every time Li Mu made a request, the effect of the scene would be better than the previous time. Not only Li Mu, but even Ning Hao and Chen Kun felt that Li Mu had a strong grasp of the camera. When to push the camera from a certain angle and in a certain trajectory, when to show a certain side of the actor, when to capture a certain key point in the scene, all of these were very well grasped by Li Mu.

Although Ning Hao did not really like movies with straightforward plots and no technical content, after continuous cooperation with Li Mu, he also realized that Li Mu had a very strong talent for movies. Some of the feelings that he created were not something that Ning Hao could have imagined or achieved. If Li Mu was given more time to accumulate more experience, he might even be able to direct a 90-minute blockbuster.

By the time they finished filming at ten o 'clock, Zhang Kexuan's voice was almost useless. Finally, he called for the end of filming. As he gulped down water, he complained to Li Mu, "When there's a musical performance in a movie, they basically play the accompaniment and lip-sync, but you insisted on singing for real. Today, you sang for more than four hours. My voice is almost useless."

One could not blame Zhang Kexuan for complaining. That day, in one go, they had captured the two songs and two sets of scenes that were planned for the preliminary and the final. Moreover, Li Mu could be considered a person who constantly strived for perfection. He felt that there were too many cases of lip-synching and lip-synching in movies, and many of them were so fake that it was embarrassing. Music was half the soul of his movie, and he did not want the two most important sets of scenes in the movie to be replaced by lip-synching and lip-synching. If that was the case, the feeling would be too bad.

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "I'm doing this for your own good, and also for the good of the movie. If you really sing and play, the audience will feel more real. You will definitely thank me in the future."

However, although Zhang Kexuan was complaining, he also understood Li Mu's intention. He said with a smile, "I'm not in a bad mood. I'm just too tired, so I'm just grumbling."

Li Mu said, "Go back and take good care of your voice. When we film Sister Wan's scene, we will add some close-up shots for you. At that time, you still have to sing a few lines."

Zhang Kexuan nodded and said, "I'll go back and sleep for ten hours tonight. I'm sure I'll be full of energy tomorrow."

"That's good." Li Mu said to everyone with a smile, "That's all for today. Let's continue tomorrow."

Ning Hao also raised his hands and clapped as he said, "Take it back, take it back. Once you're done, you can leave."