Chapter 100

With the deafening sound of firecrackers, the Metersbonwe store in Haizhou was finally going to open.

The relatives who attended the family dinner last night also came to support, including First Uncle and Small Aunt.

To Li Mu's surprise, the two of them even sent him a flower basket.

The custom of sending flower baskets at the opening of a store in Haizhou had a long history. The flower baskets were about one meter long and slender bamboo structure. They were full of fresh flowers. At the same time, there were two pieces of red silk with gold characters written on them: XXX, Congratulations on the opening of XX store.

Before the official opening, Li Mu received nearly 100 such flower baskets.

He even knew the names of the first dozen or so people who sent the flower baskets: First Maternal Uncle, Youngest Maternal Uncle, Eldest Maternal Aunt, Youngest Maternal Aunt. These were four flower baskets. Zhao Kang sent two, one of them was sent in his father's name, the other one was sent in his own name.

Zhang Kexuan, Ye Tianming, Gu Wei, and Summer, the four members of the simple plan, each sent one, but they couldn't make it in time. They called Li Mu one by one to explain the situation.

There was also Chen Wan. She asked her friend in Haizhou to send it in person. She also called Li Mu to congratulate him.

Then there was Song Liang. Li Mu was not surprised.

Then there was Zhang Wanjun. Li Mu was a little surprised.

Then there was Lu Yong, Zhang Wanjun's powerful follower.

There were dozens of flower baskets after Lu Yong. Li Mu didn't know any of the names on them.

Li Mu couldn't put a lot of flower baskets in front of the store until the roadside. It was really scary. Li Mu felt that he could make a lot of money selling flower baskets today. Since Zhang Kexuan, the flower baskets sent were very high-end, big, and good. They seemed to cost at least a few hundred yuan each. With so many, they were worth at least tens of thousands.

In fact, Li Mu's opening ceremony was very simple. He prepared a piece of colored silk and two pairs of scissors for his parents. It was okay to cut something. However, Song Liang called Li Mu and said that he also wanted to cut something to satisfy his craving. Li Mu knew that he wanted to give him face, so he couldn't refuse. He had to find someone to buy a pair of scissors before the opening ceremony.

At 9: 58, Song Liang stood together with Li Mu's parents on time. The positions of the three when cutting the ribbon were as follows: Papa Lee was in the middle, Li Ma was on the right, and Song Liang was on the left.

Many citizens were watching, and the crowd was packed. On the one hand, it was because Metersbonwe had finally settled in Hai Zhou. On the other hand, it was because the opening ceremony of this shop was a little exaggerated. There were almost 100 flower baskets. Who would be scared to death?

What was even more shocking was that someone with sharp eyes recognized that among the three people who were cutting the ribbon, one of them was actually the boss of Wanying Real Estate, Song Liang. A certain brother exclaimed in admiration, "Wow, the boss of Wanying Real Estate came to cut the ribbon for a clothing store?

What's the background of this clothing store? Why is it so awesome? "

Someone in the crowd said, "Bro, you are so ignorant!

The four building advertisements of Wanying Real Estate have been hanging for several days. Don't you know? "

"Oh, now that you mention it, I just remembered. It's so eye-catching, I have to know!"

As soon as the ribbon cutting was over, Papa Lee, Li Ma, and Song Liang all stepped aside. Li Mu shouted at the top of his voice, "Metersbonwe Haizhou Exclusive Store is officially open!"

As a result, a large number of young people swarmed in, suddenly making the shop look like a vegetable market.

Li Mu's little aunt immediately led ten salespeople to get busy. Although most of these young people were watching, many of them were really trying on clothes and buying clothes. In the past, if they wanted to buy this brand, they had to go to Jinling. Now that there was one in front of their own house, they naturally had to patronize it. What's more, if the price was over 299 yuan, they would get a shoulder bag, and it was the kind of droplet-shaped bag that hung diagonally on the back. There were green, yellow, red, and black, with an embroidered logo, which looked very exquisite.

It was very busy inside. Outside, Li Mu thanked Song Liang and introduced his parents to him.

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't know how Li Mu knew such a big shot in Haizhou, but Song Liang's attitude was very respectful and modest. He called Li Mu's uncle and aunt, and also wrote down the phone number of Li Mu's parents, and asked them to write down his phone number.

Ye Tianming once told Song Liang that after Li Mu went to school in Yanjing, he would trouble him to take care of Li Mu's parents and this store in Haizhou. Song Liang said at that time, "Do you think I'm stupid?

Do I need you to say that? "

Song Liang stayed at the scene for an hour, and then he left to do his own things. After Song Liang left, Papa Lee, Li Ma, and some relatives were very curious about how Li Mu became friends with Song Liang. Li Mu said that a friend in Jinling introduced him to Song Liang, but he didn't say much.

Papa Lee and Li Ma knew that Li Mu once sold songs to the popular Simple Plan group. They also heard from Li Mu that the four young people had extraordinary backgrounds, so they understood the whole story of Li Mu's friendship with Song Liang. However, Li Mu's uncle and aunt were confused, but the shock in their hearts was indescribable.

Li Mu also knew that in terms of social status, he was nothing in Haizhou, but Song Liang was the first private entrepreneur. The gap was not only huge, but also heaven and earth. It was normal for others to be surprised.

…

At noon, the fierce flow of people was slightly eased, and the relatives were also arranged by Papa Lee to eat in a restaurant. Li Ma and Li Mu didn't rush there, but went to the cashier inside to look at the transaction records in the morning. In about two hours in the morning, more than 260 pieces of clothes were sold, and the sales were 19,000 yuan. Forty bags were delivered, and the three cash registers almost didn't stop, scanning, cashiering, and packing.

This sales made Li Ma stunned, but Li Mu thought it was normal. Metersbonway was an evergreen tree in cities below the second-tier. He had done so much groundwork before the opening, which was bound to make this brand popular in Haizhou for a period of time.

In the afternoon, the store was full of people from one o 'clock to six o' clock in the afternoon. During these five hours, there was always a queue in the fitting room, so the shopping guides had to encourage the male customers who wanted to buy T-shirts to try them directly outside and try to leave the fitting room to the female customers.

This year, Metersbonway had a special clothing design series, which used a pattern with a huge colorful flower on the lining of T-shirts, skirts, and coats. The sales of this series were so good that even Li Mu was shocked by the purchasing power of the people in Haizhou.

In the afternoon, the sales were about 55,000 yuan, and almost 100 backpacks were delivered.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were so excited that they couldn't close their mouths. Li Mu went to the bank to deposit some money, and when he came back, he whispered in his mother's ear, "Mom, you go and tell my aunt that I will work overtime until 10 o 'clock today. The store manager will give me a cash reward of 500 yuan, and the shopping guides will give me a cash reward of 200 yuan."

Although the shopping guides were already very motivated today, and they could also get a lot of commission, Li Mu still felt that as a boss, he had to show something in this case. Of course, this kind of thing couldn't be done often, lest the employees regarded the bonus as their deserved income. But today's situation was special, and a good start was more important than anything else.

His mother didn't have any opinion. She nodded, went straight to his aunt, and told her the decision.

As for why he asked his mother to do this, Li Mu's reason was very simple. He felt that his father had no talent for management and business, so it was better to focus on training his mother.

When Little Aunt conveyed this decision to all the employees, they were overflowing with excitement and rejoicing.

In fact, in every job, there was no lack of people who worked hard. As a boss, what he had to do was to motivate them, but he couldn't blindly paint a picture. Bosses who painted a picture were usually not very successful. In their hearts, they treated others as fools, but everyone's heart was like a mirror. Therefore, they had to treat their employees with sincerity and know how to share.

After 6 o 'clock, there was about half an hour for the shopping guides to take turns to take a breather. Li Mu's aunt signed a meal supply agreement with a small restaurant not far away. The restaurant would prepare two meals for 13 people every day, with meat, vegetables, and soup. Every day, the food would be delivered to the restaurant at 12 o' clock and 6 o 'clock. The employees could eat in two batches in an empty space of about three to four square meters in the warehouse. As for why there was a fixed number of meals for 13 people, it was to make more preparations, so that no one could eat enough.

Li Mu stayed in the restaurant for a day. Other than sighing at the amount of money he earned, he was also amazed at his aunt's thoughtfulness.

The atmosphere in the restaurant was also greatly improved by her. In the beginning, when she asked for customers to pay the bill, all the shopping guides had to clap their hands and cheer them on no matter what they were doing. At first, everyone was not used to it, but under his aunt's lead, by the afternoon, everyone was really into it. Their cheers were also very sincere, showing true team spirit.

For dinner, Li Mu and his parents went to the restaurant that his aunt was working with to taste their food. The food tasted good, the ingredients looked fresh, and the food was clean and hygienic. It was pretty good.

The most important thing in starting a business was to use the right people. Even in the most ordinary traditional retail industry, a key talent could bring about a qualitative change in the development of the business. His aunt was such a key talent.

When he returned to the restaurant, 7 o 'clock was the busiest time on the street. The business in the restaurant was at its peak again.

Li Mu looked at the cashier for a while and calculated in his heart. The peak revenue was about 9,000 yuan per hour. After he observed the reason for this peak, he realized that it was not really the peak, but a barrier that was very difficult to break through.

The main reason for this barrier was that the cashier was too busy.

Each person was in charge of one cashier. They had to scan the QR code, collect the money, and give the change. They also had to help customers remove the anti-theft tags on their clothes. These things were fine, but the most time-consuming task was to fold the clothes and seal the bags. This would take up half of the time, so the customers at the back of the queue could only wait.

Li Mu suggested to his aunt to hire another three people to be in charge of the cashier and release the ten people to the sales department. If there was a need, they could transfer some people to help with the packing. This would reduce the pressure on the cashier and shorten the checkout time for a single customer.

Little Aunt understood and immediately took out her little notebook. She found three phone numbers on it and dialed the other party's number.

These were the people she felt were not suitable for sales during the interview, but they seemed to be more motivated and serious. She left their contact numbers in case she needed them. The cashier did not need sales skills. Since she needed three full-time cashiers, she would choose three of them.