Chapter 1465

As the source of Makino Technology's acquisition of Apple's funds was exposed, the US market was greatly shocked.

On the one hand, this shock was because Makino Technology, as a private enterprise, had the support of the central bank. On the other hand, it was because Makino Technology's influence in Hua Xia was so great that it could raise 2.5 billion US dollars worth of funds in a few days. This was really shocking.

The extremely curious US media immediately began to dig the source of Li Mu's funds. Soon, the CSC Club surfaced.

The CSC Club had a great reputation in China because of its participation in charity projects such as the Veterans' Immortality Campaign and the fight against SARS. It also gave a great amount of charitable support. However, the US media had never paid attention to this local Hua Xia club, which focused on supercars.

However, when the media began to dig the core of the CSC Club, they found that this seemingly ordinary club contained extremely amazing power.

It could be said that.

Most of the rich people in Hua Xia who were over forty years old and had children over the age of 18, almost all of their children joined the CSC Club.

This was the gathering place of the children of the high-income class in Hua Xia. They closely surrounded Li Mu with sports cars as an excuse. They had great trust and respect for Li Mu. The capital power behind them could be said to be terrifying when gathered together. This was only the calculation of their own assets, but not the leverage of the capital behind each person.

Some people had assets of one hundred million. If necessary, this one hundred million could be used to leverage funds of five hundred million. Five hundred million was their leverage, and leverage was one of the measurement standards that could not be ignored in the capital market. All funds and private equity relied on leverage to operate.

After the CSC Club was exposed, the US capital market was even more afraid of Li Mu. Although he entered the US capital market single-handedly, he represented thousands of Hua Xia entrepreneurs behind him.

Because of this fear, entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs throughout Silicon Valley were on tenterhooks. Who knew when Li Mu would command the iron hooves of Makino Technology to rampage in their development territory. With such capital power, coupled with the huge advantages of Makino Technology, it was simply invincible.

Larry Page had been panicking recently because of this. When Li Mu asked him for protection fees, he was still somewhat angry. Subconsciously, he had a kind of impulse to endure hardships and find an opportunity to counterattack. However, when Li Mu had been too lazy to pay attention to him recently, the anger in his heart and the delusion of counterattack had all disappeared. He was now panicking because Li Mu did not care about his protection fees at all. Now, he was afraid that Li Mu would refuse Google's protection fees, because that meant that Li Mu's intention to fight in the search engine market had not disappeared.

Li Mu's threat to Larry Page last time inadvertently formed a strong psychological suggestion. Li Mu said that he could take out Baidu's technology at any time and let Makino Technology operate in the market outside of Hua Xia. The more Larry Page thought about it these days, the more he felt that this theory was feasible.

If Baidu really did not intend to enter the overseas market, then as long as Baidu could hold on to the domestic market, his technology could be opened to Makino Technology conditionally. In that case, Makino Technology could directly put a shell on the foundation of Baidu and create a "Muye" search engine. Then, through the crazy promotion of the YY product matrix, they could quickly snatch away Google's market share.

At this time, Google was far from becoming the super giant in the future. Their technical strength was not much different from Baidu's. Their technical strength was relatively close to Makino Technology's, but overall, they were weaker than Makino Technology. Now that Li Mu had acquired Apple, their overall technical strength had greatly surpassed Google. In this case, if Li Mu wanted to do a search engine, Google's prospects would be extremely worrying in terms of capital, users, and technology.

Because of this concern, coupled with the fact that Li Mu had shown his strength through the acquisition of Apple, Google's fear of Li Mu became stronger and stronger.

At first, Larry Page thought that Li Mu would gladly accept the five-point share. Then, he brought his plan to Makino Technology, and he was directly threatened by Li Mu.

Then, the senior executives of Google held several meetings to discuss and initially settled on an eight-point plan. The shareholders collectively diluted 10 points of shares to Makino Technology at a valuation lower than the market price as a protection fee in exchange for Li Mu giving up the development potential of Makino Technology in the search engine field.

Now, Li Mu swallowed Apple in one bite. The senior executives of Google re-evaluated the threat of Li Mu and Li Mu's appetite. In the end, the shareholders passed a new decision: dilute 10 points of shares to Makino Technology, and accept the condition that Makino Technology would pay for the acquisition after going public.

They felt that Li Mu would gladly accept this plan.

However, they could not figure out Li Mu's tricks.

…

Recently, Larry Page had been conveying his desire to meet with Li Mu through Li Ziwei. He was at a disadvantage in terms of psychological warfare.

Hua Xia was very good at bargaining, and there was an iron rule, which was to always hide his true intentions.

When they really want it, they act like they don't care. When they don't want it, they act like they're interested. Their ancestors have been playing this psychological tactic for thousands of years, but Google's tech nerds don't understand it. In other words, they don't have any shrewdness.

The more anxious Larry Page was to meet with Li Mu, the more it proved that he was afraid of Li Mu.

When Li Mu threatened Larry Page last time, he used his cunning tactics. He directly told Larry Page how he would compete with him in the future, and he made Larry Page feel that he could not resist any of his strategies. As long as Larry Page was scared from the beginning, he would become more and more scared. If Larry Page did not back down at that time, he could have directly confronted Li Mu and confidently told Li Mu how he would deal with each of Li Mu's strategies. Li Mu's threats would have been very difficult to succeed.

In fact, even if Larry Page had directly told Li Mu, "Come on, I'm not afraid of you," Li Mu would not have really confronted Google. He had too many important things on his hands, and Google's priority was not at the top.

If one were to understand the implications of this in the form of a war, it would be: If Li Mu sent a large number of his main forces to attack Google, he indeed had a high chance of winning. However, several of Li Mu's main forces had more important battles to fight, and they did not have the time to attack him. If he really sent a large number of his main forces to attack Google, it would be the same as Germany's mistake in the later part of World War II, which was to blindly go to war with the Soviet Union and put himself in a predicament of fighting on multiple fronts.

Therefore, for Li Mu, this war would basically not happen. If Larry Page was really tough, he really could not do anything to him. Li Mu was never one to let his emotions affect his decisions.

It was a pity that Larry Page and all the shareholders of Google did not have the guts to yell at Li Mu.

Sitting in front of Li Mu again, Larry Page's psychological pressure was much greater than before. He first congratulated Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, congratulations on successfully acquiring Apple."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The privatization is still in progress, and the acquisition has not been completed yet."

Larry Page smiled and said, "Nasdaq has already passed the privatization plan, and the rest is only a matter of time. There will not be any more variables, so I still have to congratulate you, and congratulate Makino Technology."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said politely, "Thank you for your congratulations."

After that, Li Mu said with a slightly apologetic tone, "I've been quite busy recently. I went to Harvard to visit my girlfriend, and then I came back to busy with the acquisition of Apple. I can't find time to meet you, I'm really sorry."

Li Mu deliberately said this in order to put more pressure on Larry Page.

You see, I can fly from the West Coast to the East Coast to visit my girlfriend, and it takes more than ten hours just to fly in the sky, but I can't even find time to meet you for one or two hours. Why?

Because you are not important enough.

Larry Page also realized this, and he could not help but feel more nervous. If Li Mu had already lost interest in Google, then his wish would probably be in vain today.

Larry Page could only awkwardly follow Li Mu's words and said, "Li Zong, you are so busy, but you still have time to meet me. I am really grateful."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "You are welcome. The acquisition of Apple has been settled, so I have plenty of time recently."

Li Mu's words made Larry Page even more depressed.

He originally wanted to thank Li Mu for taking the time to meet him, but Li Mu said that he had plenty of time now. The underlying meaning was, don't think too much, you are not that important to me, and I will only meet you when I have plenty of time.

Larry Page let out a long breath, then adjusted his state of mind. He continued to smile and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, it's like this. After the last meeting, our shareholders seriously considered your proposal. We all agreed that if we can reach a capital cooperation with Makino Technology, it will be a good thing for the future development of both parties. Therefore, we also hope to facilitate this cooperation. Therefore, we are willing to give Makino Technology a 10% investment plan with a valuation of 6 billion USD. The investment funds can be paid after Makino Technology goes public."

Hearing this, Li Mu was happy in his heart, but he didn't show it on his face.

Larry Page kept staring at Li Mu's expression and every change in his facial features, hoping to capture what was in Li Mu's mind. Even if he saw a hint of excitement, it would be enough for him to judge if Li Mu was really satisfied with the proposal.

However, Li Mu didn't show it at all …

Larry Page was a little desperate. What kind of heart does this young man in his early twenties have?

For about thirty seconds, Li Mu didn't say a word, and there was no change in his eyes. When he looked at Larry Page, Larry Page subconsciously avoided his eyes. Just this moment of avoidance told Li Mu in his heart that Larry Page wasn't confident about his offer.

In other words, Larry Page wasn't confident about his appetite.

He didn't know if 10% was enough to satisfy his appetite.

In fact, when Li Mu publicly threatened Larry Page last time, his psychological expectation was 10%. But now it seemed that he still had a chance to eat a little more.

Then, after more than a minute of silence, Li Mu suddenly opened his mouth. He looked at Larry Page with an indifferent expression, but his eyes were full of determination. He said in a flat tone, "Larry, I treat you as a friend, and I don't want to beat around the bush. The other conditions remain the same, I want 15%!"

Larry Page's heart skipped a beat …

At this time, Li Mu continued, "If you accept it, Makino Technology will add Google search as the only entrance to the search engine in its important products in the next five years. Listen, it's the only entrance. In addition, Makino Technology promises not to engage in any search engine business in the next five years. That is to say, you don't have to worry about me becoming your competitor in the next five years, unless you take the initiative to challenge Makino Technology in other fields. But don't worry, even if you challenge Makino Technology in other fields, Makino Technology won't tear up the search engine contract."

Speaking of this, Li Mu paused and said, "If you don't accept it, it doesn't matter. No matter how fierce the competition between companies is, we are still friends."

Larry Page was silent for a moment, looked at Li Mu with a disappointed expression, and said in an extremely frank tone, "Li Zong, 15% is too much. I can't decide, and it's really hard to achieve …"