Chapter 1030

As the overall pace of going to the United States was a little rushed, Li Mu did not have much time to prepare. Although he wanted to go back to Haizhou to see his parents before he left, it was too late. Li Mu could only tell them that he was going to the United States through the phone.

Li Ma was a little worried about Li Mu going to the other side of the ocean. In her words, a mother would worry about her son when he traveled a thousand miles, let alone when he was going to travel ten thousand miles. Therefore, she was worried just thinking about it. However, Papa Lee was much more at ease. He felt that a good man should be ambitious. If he wanted to achieve great things, he must travel ten thousand miles.

Moreover, Papa Lee also told Li Mu that he was not only responsible for two companies, but also represented the image of Hua Xia's Internet industry in the world. Therefore, no matter where he went, he must be strict with himself and pay attention to his international image.

Li Mu naturally accepted the advice humbly and agreed. Li Ma also told Li Mu to pay attention to his safety. Li Mu also remembered them one by one and promised Li Ma that he would do what he said. Only then did Li Ma feel a little relieved.

There were only two days left before departure. Li Mu calculated in his heart. In these two days, in addition to his normal work and preparations for going to the United States, the remaining time was only enough for him to have a meal with Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu respectively. Chen Wanyuan was far away in Sichuan, and she was busy with the work of "Super Girl." She had no time to meet with Li Mu these two days.

Li Mu originally wanted to ask Su Yingxue out for a meal first, and then tell her about his plan to go to the United States at the dinner table. He did not expect to hear Su Yingxue talk about being an exchange student at Harvard.

At first, Li Mu was quite surprised that Harvard took the initiative to establish a friendship with the National People's Congress. He always felt that Harvard seemed to have no reason and motive to take the initiative to do this. However, in his opinion, it was really a good thing. Even if he did not understand it, he did not feel that there was any hidden danger in it.

After Su Yingxue, who was sitting opposite Li Mu, told Li Mu the whole story, she looked at Li Mu expectantly and asked him, "Do you think I should go?"

Li Mu came back to his senses and smiled slightly. "Since it is the school that you have been longing for, and this opportunity is so rare, I support you to go. Anyway, half a year is not a long time."

Su Yingxue nodded gently. She was happy and disappointed to get this answer from Li Mu. She was happy because Li Mu supported her dream. At this time, she was subconsciously worried that he would overbearingly stop her and not let her go. She was disappointed because Li Mu answered without hesitation. It seemed that he did not think that once she left, it would not be easy for the two of them to meet each other even if they were thousands of miles apart. Did this mean that the relationship between her and Li Mu was not deep enough?

Li Mu saw that Su Yingxue's expression was a little unnatural, so he said with a smile, "By the way, I will go to the United States in two days."

As soon as she heard that Li Mu was going to the United States, Su Yingxue's eyes immediately lit up. She subconsciously asked, "What are you going to do in the United States?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "This time I am going to talk about the C round of financing for Makino Technology. In addition to the financing, I also want to motivate our team in the United States and sort out and follow up on their work in the United States."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask, "Will you go to the United States often in the future?"

Li Mu said, "The domestic market of Makino Technology is gradually stabilizing, and there are no competitors in the country. At this time, it is indeed necessary to adjust the strategic focus and deploy the core strategy of Makino Technology overseas. In the future, the company will have more and more business in the United States, and I am afraid that the frequency of my going to the United States will also increase."

"That's great!"

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "In this case, if I go to Harvard as an exchange student, we will still have the opportunity to meet in the United States."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Of course, maybe more than once."

Su Yingxue breathed a sigh of relief and sighed, "Then I am relieved."

…

Zhao Ziqiu had been a little uneasy these days. Since her mother came to Yan Jing aggressively last time, she had been in a state of high tension. Even though her mother had been gone for several days, she had not adjusted her state of mind.

The night before Li Mu went abroad, he asked Zhao Ziqiu to have dinner with him. Before leaving the school, Zhao Ziqiu deliberately dressed up. Thinking that she was going to meet Li Mu soon, her depressed mood for many days was relieved to a certain extent.

Standing on the roadside at the gate of Yan Jing University, Zhao Ziqiu was waiting for Li Mu to pick her up. Before Li Mu arrived, her mother called her first.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't expect to receive a call from her mother suddenly, which made her immediately nervous again. After answering the phone, she timidly said, "Mom."

Xie Yun asked her with a bit of concern, "Have you had dinner?"

"Not yet. I will eat later."

Xie Yun's concerned voice made Zhao Ziqiu feel a lot less nervous.

Xie Yun asked her at this time, "Why haven't you eaten yet?

It's already past seven o 'clock. "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Li Mu will pick me up later and we will have dinner together."

"Oh …" Xie Yun responded, paused for a moment, and said, "Is Li Mu going to the United States soon?"

"Yes." Zhao Ziqiu said, "He will leave tomorrow."

With that, Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "Mom, how do you know that Li Mu is going to the United States?"

Xie Yun said, "It's easy to guess."

With that, Xie Yun's voice became serious, and she said to Zhao Ziqiu, "I have something to tell you."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Mom, go ahead. I'm listening."

Xie Yun said, "After a while, Li Mu's girlfriend will go to the United States for half a year. After she goes to the United States, there must be a clear result between you and Li Mu in the next six months. Either you let Li Mu give you the identity of a legitimate girlfriend, or you break up with him completely."

Speaking of this, Xie Yun added earnestly, "Don't think that I am forcing you. Everything I do is for your own good, understand?"

Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "Su Yingxue is going to the United States?

What is she going to do there? "

"As an exchange student."

Xie Yun said, "She has already confirmed with her school that she will leave at the beginning of December in a month's preparation period. She will return from June to July next year."

Zhao Ziqiu was even more surprised. "Mom, how do you know this?"

Xie Yun said faintly, "Of course, Mom knows about it."

"Ah?"

"What ah!

This is related to your marriage. You must pay attention to it. I can only help you this much! "

…