Chapter 1520

Knowing that Li Mu wanted to crack down on piracy, Chen Ze gave him an idea.

Chen Ze said, "Old Li, you are too practical. You are not only the most outstanding entrepreneur in the country, but also the most outstanding Chinese entrepreneur in the world. You are the representative of the entire Hua Xia Business Group. Moreover, the country attaches so much importance to you and your enterprise. You have also contributed so much to SARS. Now, 'Crazy Stone' is actively cleaning up the influence of SARS. You can just inform the leaders of the ministries and commissions about such a small matter like cracking down on piracy. They will definitely pay attention to it. It will save you a lot of trouble."

Li Mu shook his head.

He did not agree with Chen Ze's idea. He was different from Chen Ze. Chen Ze was born in a family of officials. He had been exposed to the rules and logic of the system since he was young. Therefore, when he had a problem to solve, the first thing he would think of was how to find a quick and easy solution within the system. This was understandable. However, he did not grow up in the system. His family did not have any connections or background within the system. Even if he had some financial strength and social status, it did not mean that he had become a part of the system.

If he was not a member of the system, he would easily cause problems if he used the rules of the system.

It was like a person's own cells and probiotic bacteria could grow harmoniously in his body. However, this did not mean that foreign bacteria or foreign cells could coexist harmoniously in his body. When viruses and bacteria entered his body, it would cause a crazy counterattack by the white blood cells. Even the implantation of organs would face long-term rejection. It was the same for cells and humans.

If Chen Ze were to use the energy in his body, it would be as normal as the circulation of blood to his body. To the outside world, it was also the law of his body, so there was nothing wrong with it. However, if he recklessly used the energy in his body to solve the problem he was facing, not only would there be people in his body who would hold a grudge, the outside world would also be dissatisfied.

Piracy had always been a problem for those working in the field of intellectual property. However, due to the special situation of the people, in the early 21st century, the country had not perfected the legislation on copyright protection. Therefore, the crackdown on piracy was not strong enough. Every director and investor of a cinema chain movie hated pirates, but most of them could only accept the situation. Occasionally, a famous director would use his own power to solve the problem, but he would also be criticized.

For example, in his previous life, when "The Hero" was released, the relevant departments had cooperated with a nationwide anti-piracy campaign. However, after "The Hero" was released, the intensity of the campaign was immediately reduced. This made many people think that this was the privilege of the director of "The Hero" and the distribution company. They were using their privileges to protect their own interests.

Therefore, in this life, Li Mu could not set such a precedent.

He is a businessman.

He should use the merchant's way to solve the problem.

A truly successful businessman would never challenge and resist laws and regulations. Instead, he would learn to improve his own interests as much as possible within the limits of the law.

In the future, many of the top merchant families in South Korea had all kinds of scandals, and they were despised by the whole nation and even the whole world. This was a huge warning to Li Mu. He must not walk down their old path.

Li Mu answered Chen Ze, "Old Chen, I am a businessman after all. When a businessman solves a business problem, he should stand in the businessman's perspective and solve it from the businessman's perspective. If he stands in the wrong position, he might end up stepping on nothing in the future. At this stage, there are so many people in the film industry who are fighting against piracy. They all have to prove it themselves, and I am no exception. However, I am richer than them. Many movie distributors can only spend a few hundred thousand or even less to fight against piracy, but I can spend tens of millions or even hundreds of millions to fight against piracy. As long as I am willing to spend money, I can still do it beautifully."

After hearing this, Chen Ze admired and respected Li Mu even more.

Most businessmen can't wait to touch upon higher privileges when they reach a certain level of business. However, as Li Mu said, these people have indeed jumped out of the position of a businessman. The taste of privileges for a businessman is like taking drugs. Once you get into contact with it, it is very difficult to quit. In the end, you will unknowingly burn yourself by playing with fire.

Li Mu can completely isolate himself from the pursuit of privileges and always stand in the shoes of a businessman to solve the problems of a businessman. It may seem very stubborn and stubborn, but in fact, it is the most prudent and most pure performance.

Moreover, just as Li Mu said, he had a lot of money. Sometimes, when one had enough money, the solution to many problems would suddenly become clear.

…

At night, in a county under the jurisdiction of Hangzhou in the south.

In an old canned food processing plant located in the rural area of the county, it was brightly lit and bustling with activity.

This processing plant had been bankrupt for more than a year. As it was located in the countryside, it was very remote. Although the local government had already reclaimed the land, they had not invested in demolishing it. Therefore, it was abandoned there and supervised by the local village committee.

A few months ago, a businessman from Guangdong Province rented this place from the village committee. Then, a few trucks came and transported some equipment in. After that, the food processing plant reopened. The local villagers did not know what was being produced, but they would occasionally find many discarded discs nearby.

These discs were picked up by the villagers and stuffed into the back of motorcycles and tricycles to be used as night reflectors. No one bothered about what the factory was producing.

To many villagers, the word "piracy" has never been heard of.

This southern businessman was called Zhao Xin. His production line had been operating here for a few months. Every day, there would be a truck going in and out. Every day, this truck would be loaded with two-thirds of the empty discs and one-third of the compact disc packaging. This kind of packaging was printed by the printing factory. It was a square, color-printed paper cover. After covering the disc with a thin layer of plastic film, and then stuffing it into the paper cover, the packaging was complete.

Zhao Xin had been engaged in the production of pirated audio and video products for many years. In the early years, he had made a lot of money by making pirated tapes. After entering the 21st century, the tape business was not doing well, so he switched to making pirated discs.

Pirated discs allowed Zhao Xin to open up a whole new market. In the past, tapes were mainly used to make pirated music and pirated teaching aids, such as English listening comprehension. Other than these, there was basically no market to speak of. However, pirated discs were really amazing. Not only could this thing be used to make pirated music and pirated teaching aids, but it could also be used to make pirated movies, pirated games, and pirated software. There were all sorts of ways to make money.

In the past, when he was making pirated tapes, Zhao Xin had tried to make some local operas. However, the audience was limited, so he had put a lot of stock on hand and lost some money. From then on, he had set his sights on one thing: to make pirated discs. If he was going to make it, he had to make it the most popular.

Therefore, Zhao Xin's pirated discs only had three types of products: pirated Windows XP operating system, pirated the most popular singer's album, and pirated the most popular movie.

Especially pirated movies. As long as the movie was popular enough, pirated discs would not have to worry about sales. Discs were a service where users paid for the movie's name. As long as the movie was on the packaging, they would buy it. After buying it, they would find that the picture quality was average, or even clumsy. Normally, they would not return it for a refund, as long as they did not sell it for money. Therefore, most people who made pirated movies just did it casually and did not care about the quality of the product.

However, after making so many pirated movies, Zhao Xin realized that in the highly competitive pirated market, sometimes he had to take the route of conscience and quality in order to stand out. Therefore, starting from a year and a half ago, Zhao Xin decided to increase his investment to increase the exquisiteness of the disc's packaging, the quality of the disc itself, and the quality of the pirated content.

The exquisiteness of the packaging was very important. This was because there were a lot of pirated discs in front of the consumers. If the consumers did not have a clear goal, they would choose the beautifully packaged one. If they had a clear goal, they would also choose the most beautifully pirated version of the same movie.

After all, he was not the only one making pirated copies of popular movies. There were hundreds and thousands of pirates all over the country doing it. The competition was fierce. At this time, the one with the most beautiful packaging would be the first to win.

The quality of the disc was equally important. If the disc was of poor quality, after being thrown into a DVD player, it would be worn out after a few turns. When you looked at it again, it would jam or have some static, or even be scrapped. In order to make the consumers more satisfied with his products, Zhao Xin had used better quality empty discs.

From Zhao Xin's point of view, spending more money on the packaging and the disc itself was a very good deal. This was because even if he was making pirated movies, he still had to establish his own brand. Only then could he stand out from the crowd of pirates.

For example, Zhao Xin's pirated discs had a trademark consisting of three letters K. Later on, when the word of mouth was good, the consumers who bought pirated discs would first choose KKK's products. What made Zhao Xin most angry was that some pirates had their own ideas and started to make pirated discs of KKK. Pirates pirated discs of pirates pirated discs of pirates, and the relationship was so close that a jingle could be made.

As for the quality of the pirated content itself, this was even more important.

Pirates not only pursued cheap, they also pursued quality. For a good movie, the better the picture quality, the more popular it would be. Moreover, the market for pirated discs was not limited to individual consumers. There were also large numbers of video parlors and disc rental shops. In order to maintain their customer base, they would usually choose the best quality pirated discs.

In addition, even if it was a pirated consumer, there would be word of mouth. If the quality of a particular pirated disc was very good, the user would also attract a certain number of repeat customers. This would also increase the sales of his discs. Therefore, Zhao Xin had very high requirements for the quality of the source.

In the past few days, Crazy Stone had exploded in popularity, and the demand for the pirated discs was very high. Zhao Xin had already gathered a few production lines to produce Crazy Stone. However, the other pirates were also moving very quickly. Now on the market, the pirated discs of Crazy Stone could be said to be everywhere.

However, these pirated discs all had a very serious problem, and that was that the picture quality was too poor!

This gave Zhao Xin an opportunity. In order to get a better film source, he spent 10,000 yuan to book a theater with a capacity of about 100 people in a small cinema on the outskirts of the city.

The reason why he had spent so much money to book the theater was so that he could record without interference.