Chapter 1022

Li Mu, who was far away in Hua Xia, received the data sent by the Makino Technology team in the United States for the first time. After the "Trojan Horse" plan was fully launched, Paradise Town achieved an almost abnormal result among the 17 million college students in the United States in just one week.

9.7 million registered users, 6.5 million daily active users, and 3.8 million paying users. Each data was worth a lot of money!

In addition, the total revenue of the 3.8 million paying users through PayPal reached 58 million US dollars. The extremely fast speed and profitability of Paradise Town attracted the attention of the entire United States Internet industry.

Silicon Valley was shocked by Makino Technology's actions in the United States. The authoritative media reported on Makino Technology's actions one after another. One of the media headlines said, "Hua Xia's Makino Technology once again taught the United States Internet companies a lesson with its Paradise Town. Whether it was product, operation, or promotion, Hua Xia's people showed unparalleled wisdom, which gave the entire Silicon Valley a head-on blow. While the entire Silicon Valley was still waiting for Makino Technology to appear from the sky, Makino Technology had already blossomed everywhere in the United States!

As early as when Li Mu held the farewell ceremony in Hua Xia, the media and Internet companies in Silicon Valley had been paying attention to Makino Technology's every move. The companies, capital, and media in Silicon Valley were basically ready, waiting for Makino Technology to directly parachute into Silicon Valley and become another large Internet company in Silicon Valley. However, they did not expect that Makino Technology would skip Silicon Valley and launch a full-scale attack on major universities in the United States.

In addition to surprise, what Silicon Valley admired most was the product development, operation, and promotion of Makino Technology. Makino Technology's actions during this time were equivalent to watching an exhibition match of Hua Xia's Internet companies in the United States market. On one side of the exhibition match was Makino Technology, and on the other side was the first representative of the entire United States market — the college students.

No one expected that Makino Technology would bring a game to the United States market this time. What was even more unexpected was that Makino Technology would use such a wonderful method to quickly promote its products among the college students.

The reason for using such a strategy was largely due to the unexpected popularity of YY among the elite groups in the United States, which made Li Mu realize the importance of "breaking through the user groups one by one" in the market promotion. It was impossible to win a huge market in one go, so he had to be steady and steady, just like in a league, to break through the major groups in the United States market one by one. Now it seemed that Makino Technology had just won the first half of the first regular season.

After seeing through Makino Technology's strategy, the United States media expressed their opinions, believing that Makino Technology's visit to the United States this time could be described as aggressive. Although this was the first time that Hua Xia's Internet company had expanded its business to the United States, American Internet companies still could not underestimate Makino Technology. On the contrary, American Internet companies must regard Makino Technology as the strongest overseas company in the American Internet industry, and they must always be on guard.

However, it was only the American Internet industry that was nervous and wary of Makino Technology. For the American college students who were immersed in Paradise Town, they had now completely opened their arms to Makino Technology. First, they became addicted to Paradise Town, and then they would inevitably build their online network in Paradise Town. When the online network was almost built up, Li Mu would simply give some tools or give some preferential policies in the game to convert these users into YY users.

Li Mu was very clear about one thing, whether it was Paradise Town or Plants vs Zombies, although such games were popular, they were destined to decline sooner or later. Only products like YY were eternal. Once the users formed a habit of YY, it would not be easy to lose them even after eight to ten years.

…

While the American college students contributed a lot of revenue to Paradise Town, they also needed the support of Makino Technology's high investment. Not to mention the cost of operation and maintenance of such a large team in America, in just a short week, Makino Technology had paid nearly ten million USD to the people who were the focus of the major universities. This didn't include the cost of promotion in the major universities, or the cost of advertising around the universities.

If all the expenses were calculated, the cost of promoting Paradise Town in America was indeed shocking. Fortunately, even though the investment was high, Paradise Town was still guaranteed to be profitable.

Many campus goddesses like Fiona received real money from Makino Technology, which further motivated them to do human flesh promotion for the game.

The ability of American college students to pay was indeed shocking. Their overall willingness to pay and the depth of their payment far exceeded that of the teenagers in China. Li Mu often felt that it was not enough. The overall socioeconomic development in America was very high, and the spending power of the college students was also very high. However, based on their current spending on Paradise Town, there was still a lot of USD in their wallets waiting for him to rob them.

In order to better get the American college students to spend money on Paradise Town, Li Mu specifically called for a meeting between the development team and the operation team to discuss how to further increase the revenue generated by Paradise Town among the American college students.

Based on the current data, Paradise Town's current paying ratio was 39%. The average ARPU of the paying users in seven days was 15.26 USD, and the average daily ARPU was 2.18 USD.

Paradise Town's paying users accounted for one-third of the game. In Li Mu's opinion, this ratio was already very high, and there was not much room for improvement. However, the average daily ARPU of 2.18 USD still had a lot of room for improvement.

In other words, it was relatively difficult to get more people to spend money, but it was much easier to get people who had already spent money to spend more money.

For this reason, Li Mu thought of two core reasons to encourage American college students to spend money: vanity and money worship.

In the meeting, Li Mu made a few suggestions, namely:

First, open the global TOP100 ranking of Paradise Town.

This global ranking excluded the Hua Xia market because there were too many Hua Xia users. If they were included in Paradise Town, it would have a great impact on the fairness of the game.

Second, apart from the global TOP100 ranking.

At the same time, give each user a global ranking. Even if the ranking was millions or more than 10 million, a specific ranking must be given. This not only gave the users a ladder to grow, but also gave the users a reference standard to compare with their friends. 'I'm the world's 1.2 million, and you're the world's 1.3 million. Although we're both quite bad, I can still find a sense of existence in front of you and laugh at you with confidence.

Third, open a friend ranking.

Using the user's friend list as a reference, all game friends would be ranked, giving users a more direct opportunity to compare, and further enhance the user's vanity in the game.

Fourth, open a friend contribution ranking.

In addition to all kinds of help in the game, friends would also be able to give each other paid items. Whether it was help or gifts, contribution would be calculated according to a fixed algorithm. The friend contribution ranking would only reflect the top ten friends with contribution points, and each user could see the contribution points of other friends to themselves and their friends. For example, A could see the contribution points of B to himself, and B could also see the contribution points of A to himself. At the same time, A and B could see each other's top ten friends' contribution points.

The real trump card of Makino Technology was the friend contribution ranking.

Due to the current promotion model of "campus celebrities", these campus celebrities themselves had a large number of followers. These people followed them into the game, and they would inevitably add them as friends. Moreover, they were eager to interact more with them in the game. Once this friend contribution list was opened, it would be a hand-to-hand battle between followers. If he wanted the other party to notice him, he had to be in the top ten of her friend contribution list, right?

As for those campus celebrities who were followed, most of them also believed in money worship, and they valued money very much. In this case, the friend contribution ranking would give her an excellent reference to identify the wealth and sincerity of her followers. If a guy could pay thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars to make her happy in the game, it not only meant that he valued her, but also the extent of his wallet.

After Li Mu presented the full set of plans, most of the Makino Technology employees raised their hands in approval. Everyone thought that such a strategy would maximize the enthusiasm of users to pay, but there were also people who opposed it.

Those who objected basically had one concern, which was that if Paradise Town opened up so many rankings, wouldn't the profit motive be too obvious, and it would cause non-paying users to resist?

Li Mu was not worried at all, and he comforted everyone with a smile, "Our game itself is not a violent online game that uses force to win, but a relaxed and pleasant business nurturing game.

The gap in the former's level and equipment will bring very direct violent results, that is, users with low levels or low investment will be brutally killed by users with high levels or high investment, but such a situation will not happen in Paradise Town.

No matter how much money your friend spends, he can only be ahead of you in terms of level. He won't cause you any direct pressure or harm, nor will he have a direct impact on your gaming experience. If you don't want to pay, you can enjoy the game at your own pace. "