Chapter 1118

On the afternoon of December 5th, the entire Hua Xia film and television industry was in an uproar.

After a large number of professional film and television industry employees and film critics bought the trial screening code for The Girl We Chased Together at a high price, everyone couldn't help but exclaim. This kind of movie that they thought was very childish and depicted the feelings of high school students turned out to be so f * cking good!

The most depressing thing was that as a professional in the film and television industry, a theme that you didn't think highly of at all had received a lot of good reviews in the market. This not only proved the other party's awesomeness, but also proved that you were a fool.

When the industry insiders sat in the cinema and watched the movie, they didn't forget to observe the actions of the surrounding audience. Although the plot of this movie was simple and the main storyline was single, it attracted the attention of the audience surprisingly. The audience was completely immersed in the plot from the beginning. When there was a funny point, they burst into laughter. When there was a touching plot, everyone stared at the screen without blinking. In the end, not only were the female audience tearing up, but even the male audience's eyes were red.

No one expected that Makino Image's first big movie would receive such high reviews from the audience. This caught the entire industry off guard.

This was the charm of a new genre in the entertainment industry. In any industry, a successful new genre would be the protagonist that was highly sought after by the market. It wasn't just the film and television industry, but also the gaming and novel fields. Tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of authors were racking their brains every day to come up with new genres because everyone knew that innovation and creating new genres were the real shortcuts to success.

The Girl We Chased Together was released in this era, and its impact was much stronger than when it was released in 2011. In 2011, the Hua Xia film market was very mature, and it could even be said that it had risen.

In those few years, the Feng family had released several comedies, and every one of them was able to occupy a place in the box office of that year. Several of Zhou Xingchi's movies also shone brightly at home and abroad. Zhang Yimou's Curse of the Golden Flower had earned nearly 300 million at the box office. There were also Let the Bullets Fly, Di Ren Jie, Ye Wen, Sound of the Wind, Painted Skin, Red Cliff, and many other movies. Among them, Director Feng's Earthquake in Tangshan had already set a record of 673 million at the box office.

In that era, although "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years" had a good reputation in China, it did not achieve good box office results. However, it shone brightly in Taiwan and Hong Kong and was particularly popular. Now, "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years" was at the best time. A Hua Xia film was about to rise, but had not yet risen, and the entire market needed a good work to stimulate it.

Therefore, in this era where film and television works were lacking in genre, creativity, sincerity, and commercialization, "The Girl We Chased After All Those Years" was like a bomb, attracting everyone's attention.

When all 30 test screenings ended in one day, there was already a lot of discussion on the Internet.

Because all the lucky audience members who participated in the test screenings were selected from the Internet, it was destined that 100% of these users were netizens. Although a small number of people sold tickets to industry insiders, most of them went to the theater and watched the movie from beginning to end.

After watching the movie, this group of audience members returned home with excitement. The first thing they did was to go online. On Tieba, film and television forums, YY groups, and various other places, they tried their best to promote the movie to other netizens.

Li Mu asked Makino Technology's technology to search for keywords on all the web pages related to "The Girl We Chased After All Those Years". Using the method of word clouds, the most common keywords used by users when discussing the movie were calculated.

The keywords appeared in descending order: good, touching, crying, real, pity, first love, nostalgia, high school, missed, theme song;

At the same time, the most frequent short sentence was:

"It's so good!"

"It's so touching!"

"It's so real!"

"What a pity!"

"It reminds me of my first love!"

"It makes me miss my high school days!"

"Like the main character, I missed a girl who truly loved me!"

"The theme song of the movie is so good!"

This crazy promotion made a considerable number of the audience members who had been paying attention to the movie feel itchy. They couldn't wait to see the movie in the theater as soon as it was released.

Seeing this feedback, Li Mu, who was in Guangdong, was particularly pleased. At this time, he was looking forward to the official launch of "Mu Ying Ticketing" tomorrow.

Mu Ying Ticketing was the brand name of Mu Ye's online ticketing system. It would be directly embedded in the two major products, YY and Taobao, in its native form. Users of both products could directly use Mu Ying Ticketing on these two products. Moreover, both products would use Alipay for online payment, which was convenient and fast.

Li Mu's tentative promotion rhythm was: Tomorrow, Mu Ying Ticketing would be officially launched. First, he would use YY to advertise on the Internet. Then, he would immediately promote a wave of 9.9 yuan viewing benefits in Yan Jing. Users in Yan Jing could enter Mu Ying Ticketing through YY or Taobao. Then, they would be able to choose a theater and show that they were interested in among more than ten theaters of different sizes.

The reason why he wanted to launch a 9.9 yuan promotion first was to stimulate users' enthusiasm for watching the movie. He wanted to use the low price to attract users to try the new thing of buying tickets online.

At the same time, Li Mu also requested that all the theaters and shows under his company would only screen 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years'.

'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' had a running time of 100 minutes. In addition to the 30 minutes before and after the movie, one show would take 130 minutes. After the movie was released, the theaters would schedule the movie at 0.1 pm. Then, they would schedule the movie at intervals of 130 minutes until the last show near midnight. In this way, they would be able to schedule seven shows a day.

Mu Ye Cinema had a total of 12590 seats. According to the seven shows, they could accommodate 88,000 people a day.

Therefore, Li Mu requested that the first day of screening 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' would be 9.9 yuan. If the attendance rate was more than 90%, the next day, it would be 9.9 yuan. If the attendance rate was between 70% and 90%, the next day, it would be 9.9 yuan. If the attendance rate was lower than 70%, it would continue to be 9.9 yuan.

That night, the film and television industry in Hua Xia launched an especially active discussion in private. Everyone was guessing whether 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' would be able to achieve a high box office commercial answer sheet.

However, most industry insiders still didn't have high expectations for 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' because they had seen many movies that were good but not very popular. Therefore, even now, they didn't think that the movie would definitely become popular.

The main reason was that the movie market in Hua Xia was too low. Most movies were losing money and many excellent movies had suffered box office failures. Therefore, in the eyes of industry insiders, although 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' had a good response from the audience, it was free after all. It might not really represent the movie's strength, and it might not really be able to motivate users to spend money. If there was no way to make users spend money, then what was the use of a good movie?

The film and television industry quickly reached a silent consensus. If the movie didn't sell, then everyone would inevitably start to laugh at it. If the movie did sell, then everyone would copy and imitate this new genre of work as soon as possible and come up with something new to catch up with the wave of popularity!

…

That night, Zhao Kang, who was busy with the Internet cafe chain project, called Li Mu. As soon as he answered the phone, he asked him, "Little Mu, 'The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years' is about to be released. I've seen the content of the online discussion. It has a very good reputation. Do you need to use the Internet Water Army to promote it to another level?"

Li Mu originally didn't want to use the Internet Water Army. He was now a new big boss with a net worth of tens of billions of dollars. The pattern and style of doing things were rising. He subconsciously couldn't think of using the Internet Water Army, which was not very glorious.

However, Zhao Kang's phone call reminded him that no matter whether it was a person or a business, in fact, it couldn't be separated from the most basic "vulgarity". Just like people couldn't live without eating, drinking, and going to the toilet, Internet companies couldn't do without the help of the Internet Water Army.

Which BTA company didn't have a huge Internet Water Army team?

They had already played the Internet Water Army to the acme of perfection. The Internet Water Army not only played the role of promoting themselves, but also played the role of attacking their competitors. Moreover, they had their own public relations team. Once the company's reputation and reputation were in danger, not only could they immediately deal with the crisis of the major media, but they could also specially mobilize the Internet Water Army to cooperate and achieve double the effect with half the effort.

As soon as he thought of the Internet Water Army team under Zhao Kang's control, Li Mu was immediately tempted. He told him, "It's necessary to use the Internet Water Army to promote, but not now."

Zhao Kang hurriedly asked him, "When do you think is a good time?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Tomorrow, the Mu Ying ticketing system will be released. It should cause a small wave. Tomorrow night, let the Internet Water Army help me create momentum around the Mu Ying ticketing system. The goal is to let more people know and understand the Mu Ying ticketing system."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "After the Mu Ying ticketing system is released and the first wave of users have successfully watched the movie, you can use your Internet Water Army to promote the Mu Ying ticketing system and the movie itself."

Zhao Kang said straightforwardly, "Okay, then I'll do as you say."

Then, Zhao Kang suddenly thought of something and reminded him, "Oh right, I heard that Zhang Yimou's' Hero 'is going to be released on the 14th. It's a week later than yours. This movie's promotion is quite strong, so you have to hurry up and earn more tickets before it's released.

After all, with Zhang Yimou's influence, if his movie is released, your ticket sales will be greatly affected. "

"'Hero'?!"

Li Mu was stunned by these two words. He was shocked to realize that he had completely forgotten about this legendary movie …

…