Chapter 629

Li Mu's theory made Ding Zhenglin completely convinced in an instant.

Ding Zhenglin had never considered problems from the height that Li Mu said, and Li Mu's theory did make him realize the huge gap. Not only did he not look at the problem deeply enough, but even the level of thinking about the problem was several levels lower. After listening to Li Mu's words, he was shocked and enlightened. Li Mu used two metaphors to subvert his self-positioning and his career pursuit.

Ding Zhenglin did not speak for a long time, but Li Mu's heart suddenly became full of information. It seemed that Ding Zhenglin was fundamentally different from Chen Tong. Although Ding Zhenglin was also very firm, he was not stubborn.

For Li Mu, Ding Zhenglin's strategic significance was far greater than Chen Tong's. Chen Tong was good at making content, but only limited to content. Ding Zhenglin's strength in financial investment operation was impeccable. If he was given a little chance to grow and properly guided, he would definitely become a fierce general on the battlefield. Therefore, Li Mu was determined to get him.

Sure enough, Ding Zhenglin was not ambiguous. When he realized that the beliefs he had been holding on to were completely shattered by Li Mu's more advanced mode of thinking, he was shocked and quickly changed his point of view in his mind. Then, he made a new decision.

Sequoia was awesome, but Ding Zhenglin did not want to do this kind of simple independent investment behavior. He was particularly yearning for the new model described by Li Mu, and he could not wait to start working towards this goal.

Therefore, after five minutes of silence, Ding Zhenglin raised his head and said firmly, "Li Zong, I am willing to join Makino Technology!"

Straightforward and efficient.

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and reached out his hand with a smile. "Welcome to join!"

Ding Zhenglin also reached out his hand and shook Li Mu's hand. He asked, "When can I report in?"

"As soon as possible."

"Okay!

I will go back tonight to write my resignation report! "

Ding Zhenglin, who was completely convinced by Li Mu, was very straightforward. At this moment, he had already made the decision to join. He didn't even discuss the specific benefits with Li Mu.

Li Mu said to Lin Ching-ah: "Qing Ya, exchange contact information with Zheng Lin and keep in touch. When the time comes, you'll personally handle Zheng Lin's recruitment."

Li Mu immediately changed the way he addressed Ding Zhenglin, which made Lin Ching-ah smile. She immediately took out a name card from her bag and handed it over to Ding Zhenglin. "Contact me at any time after you're done with your resignation."

Ding Zhenglin agreed. He took Lin Ching-ah's name card and gave her his name card.

Li Mu clapped his hands and smiled. "Since we're done talking about work, let's order and eat!"

Makino Technology didn't have an investment department yet. The director of the investment department that Li Mu promised to Ding Zhenglin was still alone. He needed to build his own team after he arrived. However, Li Mu didn't doubt Ding Zhenglin's ability. Ding Zhenglin and Liu Xiaodong were both people who had proven their strength. Li Mu even thought that Ding Zhenglin's first task after joining Makino Technology would be to acquire the Internet Express. Didn't Ding Zhenglin say that Hou Yantang was difficult to deal with?

If he couldn't do it in Sequoia, then he could try to do it through his identity as Makino Technology.

The Internet Express meant more to Li Mu than it had any value. YY was the core product of Makino Technology, and the download tool could be considered a halo blessing for YY. If he really brought it in, there would be another product that YY users commonly used.

After careful consideration, Li Mu felt that this idea was very feasible. After making up his mind, he looked at Ding Zhenglin with an imperceptible ridicule. However, Ding Zhenglin wasn't as experienced as Li Mu, so he didn't notice that Li Mu was already "scheming" against him.

After dinner, Ding Zhenglin, who was still immersed in shock and excitement, said goodbye to Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah at the entrance of the restaurant, then drove away in his Buick New Century. After he left, Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but laugh. "Li Zong, your ability to fool people is really admirable …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Are you praising me or scolding me?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Of course I'm praising you."

"As long as it's praising me."

Li Mu blinked and said with a smile, "You are willing to use the word 'you' in the company. I respect your professional habits, so I don't object. But it's fine outside, it's awkward."

Lin Ching-ah had just seen the two men's straightforwardness, so she felt that she should also be more straightforward, so she hurriedly nodded and said, "Okay, then I won't stand on ceremony with you outside."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Where are you going?

I'll give you a ride. "

Lin Ching-ah said, "The car is in the company, but it's not worth going back to get it. Why don't you send me home directly? Anyway, we live close to each other."

Li Mu smiled and didn't say that he was no longer living in Yucheng Garden. They got in the car, and Li Mu drove in the direction of the National People's Congress. Lin Ching-ah, who was in the passenger seat, suddenly asked him, "Li Zong, is your view of love really like what you said to Ding Zhenglin?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Like what?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "It's like chasing a lot of beautiful girls and then merging them together …"

Li Mu couldn't help laughing and said, "I'm just kidding. In fact, most men think so, but few can really do it."

Lin Ching-ah covered her mouth and said with a smile, "Why do I feel that you have a great chance of success?"

Li Mu couldn't help laughing and said, "Really?

Then I'll take your auspicious words. "

Lin Ching-ah also laughed out loud, but her pretty face couldn't help turning a little red.

In order not to let Li Mu see that she was uncomfortable, Lin Ching-ah deliberately said, "By the way, I want to organize a team-building in July. It happens that our Makino Technology is not too busy in July. I'm going to split the company's people into two groups and take them out to play for two or three days. What do you think?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, team-building is a good thing, but you have to grasp the degree. It doesn't matter where you go or how much you spend. What's important is that you can't just go for team-building. You have to let everyone eat, play and live well, but you can't just play. You have to balance these two points and coordinate them well. In addition, the time can't be too long, nor can it be too short."

Lin Ching-ah said, "This is my plan. The team-building time is about three days. This time, the location is set at the Bashang Grassland. It's not far from Yanjing, and the grass there is green in July. The scenery is good, and you can also ride horses. Moreover, the whole roast sheep on the grassland is also very famous. Our domestic companies are not popular with team-building, but foreign companies still attach great importance to team-building. I asked about it and found that there is a team-building company set up by Americans in Yanjing. They have professional coaches to lead the team. Several students who work in foreign companies speak highly of them."

"That's good."

Li Mu agreed and said, "The coach for team-building is very important. You must choose the right person, and the itinerary and process must be determined. It must be reasonable and user-friendly. When the time comes, you can ask the staff in the human resources department to follow up on these details."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "If we organize team-building, I plan to charter a tour bus fleet. It will leave on Friday morning and come back on Sunday. Do you have time? Do you want to join us?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes, I will definitely join when the time comes. By the way, don't set the time from Friday to Sunday. Set it from Thursday to Saturday. Leave a day for everyone to rest. In the future, team-building should be done regularly, but not too frequently. Once every three months. In addition, our employees are very hardworking this year, and the business progress is very good. We will organize a trip at public expense in the second half of the year."

"A trip at public expense?"

Lin Ching-ah was a little surprised and said, "There are so many of us. The cost of a trip at public expense is not low."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The cost can't be low. If it's low, we might as well not do it. Don't fool everyone with a small tourist attraction near Yan Jing and waste everyone's time. If you want to go, go to a more famous place. Moreover, it has to be a direct flight. If you want everyone to have fun, you have to be willing to spend money."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Since you said so, I definitely have no objections. How about this, I will ask the human resources department to investigate a few tourist attractions that are more suitable for autumn. Then, I will ask the technical department to make a vote in our Makino Technology's intranet. The minority will follow the majority."

Li Mu praised, "This is a good idea. The intranet can greatly enhance the employees' sense of belonging to the company. We have to make full use of it. Talk to the technical department. In the future, every employee will have to open a personal homepage in the intranet. Every employee will have to upload their own photos and simple information. We also have to open up the function of everyone's comments and messages. It's best to develop a custom tag function so that everyone can often find some sense of belonging on the intranet."

"Okay, I will write a request to the technical department when I go back."

…

Early the next morning, the investment circle of Hua Xia was in an uproar.

This was because they heard that the people from Sequoia finally got Li Mu's favor yesterday and went to meet with Li Mu. Everyone was still waiting for Li Mu to change the card, but they did not expect that Sequoia had already been secretly changed.

If Makino Technology had feedback from many companies and then made an appointment to meet with Sequoia first, it would be easier to accept. After all, there was a first come, first served system for appointments. If they met with Sequoia first, it might not necessarily mean that they really wanted to cooperate with Sequoia.

However, Li Mu only contacted Sequoia and only met with the people from Sequoia. This matter was a bit tricky. Perhaps Li Mu had taken a fancy to Sequoia's capital relations in the United States. He wanted to take Sequoia's money and then use Sequoia's capital relations to go public in the United States. If this was the case, other venture capital companies and investors could withdraw immediately. The big cake of Makino Technology basically had little to do with them. Because Sequoia was such a large company, it was too easy for them to take 15-20% of Makino Technology's shares. They would not look for others to invest with them. Only when they did not have enough strength or confidence would they look for someone to invest with them.

However, this pessimistic news only circulated in the investment circle for a morning. At noon, another version of the news came out, and it shocked the entire investment circle.

The person who represented Sequoia to talk with Makino Technology yesterday officially submitted his resignation to Sequoia this morning.

This was too f * cking interesting. Although everyone did not know why he resigned, at least one thing was certain: he definitely did not negotiate the financing of Makino Technology. If he resigned immediately after the negotiation, this person's brain must have been run over by a train.

Since Sequoia did not succeed, the game could continue. Moreover, after the biggest competitor was announced as Game Over, everyone's situation became a little more optimistic.

As a result, more people in the investment circle asked to meet with Li Mu …