Chapter 1252

There was one more person on the business plane returning to Yan Jing. Liu Xinying, who was going to stay in Shanghai for a few days, changed her plan and followed Li Mu's business plane back to Yan Jing.

The reason why she was in such a hurry was that the launch of the "Undying Veterans" project could not be delayed. She had to rush back to Yan Jing to help Li Mu set up the team and start the publicity plan for the "Undying Veterans" project.

The Undying Veterans charity project was of great significance. In Li Mu's words, if charity was divided into priority and priority, then the Undying Veterans would be the most important one. Because the veterans who had fought in the war and experienced more than fifty years of peace were now weather-beaten and in their twilight years. The veterans of World War II were a group that could not be regenerated, so the help for them must be launched as soon as possible.

The first stage of the Undying Veterans project would be coordinated with the filming of the movie "Flying Tigers". First, they would search for the surviving Flying Tigers of Hua Xia all over the country, then follow up, interview, and rescue them. At the same time, they would report to the whole society at any time, so that these old Flying Tigers could enter the public's view. At the same time, they would transmit the core values of the Undying Veterans to the national audience. As the popularity of the movie continued to brew and the veterans continued to be exposed, it was believed that the people would realize how great the veterans were for this country and this nation. At that time, they would call on the whole society to pay attention to all the veterans of World War II.

The movie "Flying Tigers" was about to start shooting in the United States. While Spielberg was preparing to take the Hollywood team to shoot the scenes in the United States, he sent his production team to start selecting and setting up the shooting site in Hua Xia. When the scenes in the United States were finished, the team would go directly to Hua Xia and then start the follow-up shooting of the important scenes.

Li Mu's idea was to play the trump card of "Flying Tigers" to the extreme. He must make use of the information projection ability of YY and the influence of these big stars to continuously expose the production progress of the movie in China. At the same time, he would create a hot topic to keep the audience's attention. On this basis, he would let the social welfare action "Undying Veterans – Search for the Surviving Flying Tigers" borrow the strong influence of the movie. At the same time, he would let it and the movie itself pull each other to form a mutually promoting binding mechanism.

Regarding this point, Li Mu revealed some of his ideas to Liu Xinying on the plane. "You should hurry up and set up the team. At the same time, start the publicity planning and material preparation, and then send staff and reporters to search for the surviving Flying Tigers. I will coordinate with Hollywood. When the Hollywood team arrives in China, we will first arrange for Spielberg to take all the American actors in Hua Xia to visit these surviving Flying Tigers and organize an event where the actors of" Flying Tigers "pay homage to the historical prototype. At that time, we will call all the media we can to make it bigger."

Liu Xinying immediately nodded and said, "I have a very good relationship with the media. I have a very good personal relationship with many friends in the media industry."

As she said this, she realized that Li Mu's relationship with the media was much better than hers, so she said humbly, "But compared to Mr. Lee, it's definitely nothing."

"In fact, I don't have much contact with the media. If we really talk about personal relationships, I definitely can't be compared with you, so in the future, I need you to sort out and maintain the media resources."

A real socialite might rarely appear in public, but she knew a lot of people who appeared in public all the time. For a person like Liu Xinying, who had a strong network in the circle of the second generation, the media circle, and the fashion circle, she had a very strong promotional ability. Although Li Mu also had a good relationship with the media, after all, it was impossible for him to do everything by himself. Therefore, it was indeed the most suitable choice to have someone like Liu Xinying to help him.

…

After returning to Yanjing, Li Mu immediately arranged for the financial staff of Makino Technology, Taobao Technology, and Alipay to meet with Liu Xinying and let them deal with the specific issues of capital contribution to the fund. Corporate capital contribution was relatively troublesome, and there were a lot of procedures to go through. However, it was much more convenient for Li Mu to make a personal capital contribution. All the money in his account now was tax-paid income. He could spend it at will, transfer it at will, invest it at will, and donate it at will. He was not restricted at all.

After handing over the "Veterans Don't Die" project to Liu Xinying, Li Mu could basically rest assured. Therefore, he immediately made an appointment with Ning Hao to discuss some matters related to "Flying Tigers".

For Ning Hao, Li Mu trusted him very much, and he had always wanted to support him. If it was not for him not allowing "Crazy Stone" to be released, he was afraid that he would have already become famous in the country. However, this movie had been suppressed by him, and Ning Hao did not say a word of objection. Just because of this, Li Mu also felt that he owed him.

Sometimes, when leading people, teams, and partners, one had to have a sense of guilt. One couldn't always be calculative about gains and losses, how much money the other party had spent, how much money the other party had earned, and whether the other party had made a profit or not. If a leader did things with this kind of mentality, they generally wouldn't grow too far, and it would be difficult for them to build a truly strong and stable team.

On the contrary, if one could always have a sense of guilt toward the other party in the bottom of his heart, always asking himself in his heart, "Did I owe him anything? If I did, I would quickly make up for it. If I didn't, I would continue to be vigilant. Only such a leader could truly have a strong, stable, invincible team."

In Li Mu's entrepreneurial career, he had always worked hard to keep this kind of "Guilt Alert" toward all his important employees and partners. Therefore, his core team could always remain stable, and none of the core employees had ever left or thought of starting a new business.

Because of this feeling of guilt toward Ning Hao, Li Mu was going to pull him into the crew of "Flying Tigers" and arrange a position for him as an assistant director, so that he could experience and learn the experience of a top Hollywood team.

When Li Mu arrived at the office of Makino Image, Ning Hao had been waiting there for a long time. Recently, the team of Makino Image had been busy building the scene in the southwest with the American team and other preparatory work, so there were basically only a few people on duty in the company.

As soon as he saw Li Mu, Ning Hao put his palms together and bowed slightly to Li Mu. He said with a smile, "Boss, this time you really did something unprecedented in our Hua Xia film and television industry!

Preparing for such a super big production like "Flying Tigers", many people in the domestic film and television industry have already regarded you as the future leader! "

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "You only know how to talk nonsense all day long. Leader? Whose head should I lead?"

Ning Hao hurriedly said, "Don't doubt me. Our current" Mu Ying "ticketing system has more than 60% of the domestic cinemas. The terminal machines are still being produced, and there are a lot of cinemas all over the country waiting in line. Now, 98.5% of the total number of cinemas have applied to join the" Mu Ying "ticketing system. In another two months, we will cover all the cinemas in the country. At that time, the national box office will be controlled by our system. If they don't build a good relationship with us, I'm afraid that they won't even be able to sell the movie tickets. Now those directors are very clear about this. Just this point alone is enough to control the lifeblood of the film and television industry."

Speaking of this, Ning Hao continued, "What's more, after you and DreamWorks held the press conference in Hollywood, the domestic film and television industry has exploded. It has a preliminary budget of almost one billion yuan, the top production team in Hollywood, the super-A-list superstars, and such a phenomenal publicity momentum. Once this movie is released, it will definitely break the ceiling of our domestic box office record. Maybe the whole industry will suddenly become hot!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "What you said is possible, but the prerequisite is that this movie must be made well."

After that, Li Mu looked at Ning Hao and asked him, "You don't have any plans for a new movie recently, right?"

Ning Hao smiled and said, "I've been thinking about the script recently, but I'm a bit slow in writing the script. I haven't even finished the prototype yet. Actually, I want to wait for 'Crazy Stone' to be released to see the market response. If the market response is good, I'll write the script according to its sequel. If the market response is not good, then I'll have to change the previous style."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Just write the sequel. I'm confident that 'Crazy Stone' will definitely become popular."

As soon as he said this, Li Mu hurriedly waved his hand and said, "I'm not here to ask you to write the script. I have something to discuss with you."

Ning Hao hurriedly said, "Boss, go ahead."

Li Mu said, "There are a few things.

First, don't arrange other work in the near future. Find me a few professional managers who are more capable in the circle to take over the basic work of Makino Image. In the future, our business line in the film and television industry will continue to develop horizontally, and we need enough management and support. "

"Got it. I'll start looking for candidates today."

"Second, go and apply for a business visa in the United States. When everything here is arranged, go to the United States. Spielberg's team will start shooting in the United States first. As the assistant director of 'Flying Tigers', you'll go there to cooperate with him. The main purpose is to learn, and the second is to make preparations for the shooting of Hua Xia."

Ning Hao was stunned for a moment, and then asked Li Mu excitedly after a moment, "Boss, you want me to be the assistant director of 'Flying Tigers'?!"

Li Mu nodded. "You're the most suitable candidate."

"Thank you, boss!"

Ning Hao suddenly became excited and said, "It's really attractive for me to be able to contribute to this unprecedented and unparalleled film of Hua Xia. Moreover, I can also learn from a top director like Spielberg. I can't even dream of it …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't be so happy yet. How's your English?"

Ning Hao's expression instantly became awkward. "I know a little English, but my spoken English is too poor. Basically, people who speak English can't understand my English …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's okay. I'll assign you an interpreter. Hurry up and find one. After you find one, I'll immediately apply for the job and then apply for the visa with you."