Chapter 1535

The Goldberg family's banquet for hundreds of people looked grand and classy, but in fact, it was not very interesting.

The social etiquette of the Western aristocracy was basically a set of things that made people feel depressed. The scene was grand, but the atmosphere was not warm. The main thing was that everyone basically only talked to the people on the left and right sides. If there was a person in the middle, they would try to avoid talking, because it would appear impolite.

Li Mu did not talk to Bill Gates again throughout the meal, until the banquet was about to end.

As the host, Davidson was about to make a final toast and end the banquet. Suddenly, a flustered, middle-aged white man entered the banquet hall with his back hunched. As soon as he arrived, he crouched and ran all the way to the middle of the two rows of seats.

The appearance of this man was particularly abrupt. Many people involuntarily focused their eyes on this uninvited guest. Under the gaze of the whole audience, he braced himself and ran to Bill Gates, covered his mouth with his hand, and whispered in his ear for a moment.

Li Mu was sitting opposite Bill Gates. He clearly saw Bill Gates' expression. At first, he was a little angry at the man's sudden appearance, but after listening to a few words, his expression immediately became dignified, and he subconsciously looked at Li Mu, unable to hide the anger in his eyes.

Bill Gates was really annoyed. Knowing that his MSN Ecology was about to be released, Li Mu urgently called on the top 100 YYtunes singers to make big news. It was obvious that Li Mu had no good intentions.

In the Internet industry, the amount of effective information display in the entire industry every day was limited. Even if there were a billion netizens, and each person would browse ten news on the Internet every day, then the amount of effective information display in the world every day was only 10 billion times, and a real super hot news may take up more than half of the 10 billion times.

Any public relations and publicity team would have weak legs when they encountered such a super hot news, because it was as if the other party had sucked away most of the oxygen in the air in one breath. In this case, it meant that no matter how much money they invested, it would not achieve the desired effect.

Netizens were like tourists wandering in a bazaar. Both Microsoft and Makino Technology were merchants who set up stalls in the bazaar. If Makino Technology made some gimmicks to attract more than half of the people in the bazaar to its booth, Microsoft's potential audience would naturally be much smaller; if Makino Technology's gimmicks were bigger, Microsoft's side would naturally have less people to watch.

Makino Technology itself occupied a huge user traffic, and its information delivery ability was superior. If it was added to the joint force of 100 popular singers, it was basically certain that it was impossible to form a second hot news today.

This also meant that MSN, which was reborn from the fire, would face a cold reception before it was even released!

After Bill Gates's assistant finished explaining the situation, he asked him anxiously, "Chairman, the project team wants to ask you, should we release it as usual or postpone it temporarily?"

"Delay?"

Bill Gates said with a cold face, "The official website has already released a preview, and the media has also informed in advance. If we delay it at this time, how do we explain to the public?"

If Microsoft chose to delay the release at this time, it was almost equivalent to announcing to the whole society that they delayed it to avoid the edge of Makino Technology. This would have a great impact on Microsoft's reputation, and it would also have a great impact on Bill Gates's own reputation.

However, the momentum of Makino Technology was too fierce. What did it mean for the top 100 singers in the entire YYtunes Europe and the United States?

This meant that the 100 most popular singers in Europe and the United States would support Makino Technology!

With such a top singer, just one of them could support a large-scale commercial event. With three of them, they could support a TV show with super high ratings. With a hundred of them, they could simply attract everyone's attention!

With Makino Technology's lineup, unless there was another terrorist attack on the scale of 911 today, no one could take away the global headlines of Makino Technology. In this case, if Microsoft still insisted on launching MSN, it would be like hitting a rock with an egg. They would definitely pay a terrible price.

At this time, Li Mu vaguely heard the content of what Bill Gates had just said. He smiled and said to Bill Gates, "Mr. Gates, don't be too stressed. If you feel that today is not a suitable day for the release, you can postpone it for the time being."

Bill Gates knew that Li Mu was ridiculing and using provocation. Although he was embarrassed and angry in his heart, he didn't dare to fall into his trap. Otherwise, if he was forced to do something beyond his ability, it would be too late for regrets.

So, Bill Gates pretended to be calm and smiled. "What Mr. Lee said makes sense. If we are not ready today, we can postpone it for a day or two."

In one sentence, he had completely admitted defeat.

Bill Gates thought in his heart that he would simply postpone the release of MSN today and give way to Li Mu. He would first let Li Mu launch his product, and then see if this product would have a direct impact on Microsoft's new MSN ecosystem. If there was a direct impact, MSN could be urgently rebuilt; if there was no direct impact, he would wait for the popularity of Li Mu's release to decline before launching MSN.

Even Wendy Goldman could hear Bill Gates' weakness. She couldn't help but look at Bill Gates and then at Li Mu. She was amazed in her heart. Before this, she saw Bill Gates confidently provoke Li Mu, and she also saw Li Mu's counterattack step by step. But she didn't expect that Li Mu could directly suppress the confident Bill Gates and make him admit defeat in front of so many people.

Although everyone was very gentlemanly and polite, and rarely crossed seats to talk to others, many people around them were paying attention to the conversation between Li Mu and Bill Gates. It was not only Wendy Goldman who saw Bill Gates' weakness to Li Mu. Everyone around them also heard it clearly, and they were equally shocked.

Li Mu looked at Bill Gates, who had an ugly expression at this time. He smiled slightly and said, "It doesn't matter, Mr. Gates. No matter how long you postpone it, I will wait for you."

"You …"

Li Mu's words were like a lightning strike on Bill Gates' head.

Bill Gates stared at the smiling Asian man in front of him. He was so angry that he wanted to fight with him!

What does he mean?

No matter how long I postpone it, he will wait for me?

Isn't this a straightforward threat that can't be more straightforward?

Does that mean that he is staring at me?

If I postpone the release today, then he will also postpone it and wait for me?

He is staring at me and won't let me go. Is there anyone more f * cked up than this?

Bill Gates finally realized that he had provoked a guy that he absolutely shouldn't have provoked today!

If he had known this earlier, why did he provoke Li Mu at the beginning?

It was better not to say anything and wait until MSN was successfully released.

Just because he couldn't bear the loneliness and revealed his intentions to Li Mu in advance, he didn't expect Li Mu to bite him to death.

But now it was too late to regret. Li Mu mobilized so many stars in a very short period of time. If he postponed it, wouldn't it give him more time to prepare?

Maybe by tomorrow, the top 500 singers of YYtunes would stand for him. At that time, MSN's situation would be even more precarious.

Therefore, it seemed that MSN must not postpone the release!

Bill Gates whispered to his assistant, "Reply to them immediately. Release as usual, no postponement!"

The assistant also understood at this time. Although Vice President Peter called and instructed him to try to persuade Bill Gates to agree to postpone, Li Mu had already set his eyes on Microsoft. Postponement would not have any positive effect. Instead, it would give the other party more time to prepare. Instead of this, it was better to go online as soon as possible.

The assistant turned around and quickly left the banquet hall. Bill Gates looked at Li Mu, and his expression was as ugly as it could be.

At this time, Davidson stood up with a glass of wine and gave a toast to the banquet for the last time. Everyone stood up and waited for Davidson to finish his words of thanks. After that, they raised their glasses together, and the banquet officially ended.

The guests left their seats and stood in groups on both sides of the banquet hall to chat. The jazz band played music again, and the waiters came out immediately. Some people cleaned up all the tableware as quickly as possible, while others removed most of the tables and chairs, and then left a small number of tables and chairs around.

According to the convention, it was time for the dance party. The guests could dance freely, chat freely, and drink freely.

Bill Gates was nowhere to be seen. He should be busy remotely commanding MSN to go online. As soon as Li Mu and Wendy Gopher got up, Davidson came to them and said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, our salon will be on the second floor in half an hour. There may be a lot of guests who want to say hello to you later. If you don't want to waste your energy, you can let Wendy take you upstairs first."

Before Li Mu could answer, a familiar face appeared in front of him.

It was Prince William, who was about the same age as Li Mu.

Prince William looked a little nervous. He adjusted his collar and tie several times before he came to Li Mu and said, "Hello, Mr Li. It's an honor to meet you here. I'm William Arthur Philip Louis. You can call me William."

Li Mu smiled, shook hands with him, and said, "Hello, Prince William. It's an honor to meet you."

Prince William put one hand on his left chest and said very seriously, "I have always been a loyal user of Makino Technology and a full supporter of 3321. When I first learned about 3321 founded by Mr Lee, I already admired Mr Lee from the bottom of my heart. I didn't expect that Mr Lee could develop Makino Technology to its current height in such a short period of time. It's really admirable."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Prince William, you flatter me. I'm just an entrepreneur in the Internet industry."

Prince William said, "Mr Lee, you can call me William. In addition, if possible, we can add each other as YY friends. I have a lot of things to ask you."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Okay, I'll ask my assistant to write down my private YY number for you later."

As he said that, Li Mu asked with a teasing look, "William, are you the first person in the British royal family to use YY?"

"No …" Prince William spread his hands and said with a smile, "The first person in the royal family to use YY was my younger brother, Harry. He brought me to register YY and played a game called 'Paradise Town' with him. Later, I gradually became a loyal user of YY."