Chapter 891

Because of that article, Li Mu and YY became popular in China again. This time, the media's drumming publicity could be described as overwhelming. Not only did it further enhance the popularity of Makino Technology, but it also helped Li Mu further confuse Boss Ma.

Li Mu's reputation was growing, and Boss Ma was envious, jealous, and hateful. But from another perspective, he felt that this was not necessarily a bad thing.

The more popular YY was, the more important it was to Li Mu, and the more it would involve Li Mu's energy. If Makino Technology was directly valued at 10 billion US dollars in the US capital market this time, it might not be a bad thing for him. The more valuable Makino Technology was, the more Li Mu would naturally despise Taobao, and the more chance his Le Taobao would have to rise.

By now, Boss Ma had completely put his heart into his stomach. He felt that he was launching a surprise attack on Li Mu in an extremely hidden and ingenious manner. As a sneak attacker in the business field, he felt that he had no chance of losing. The only question was how much he could win back.

After Li Mu finished washing up, he put on his clothes and went straight to Taobao. After Su Yingxue's reminder, he ranked his current work importance and urgency.

Although the importance of YY was great, due to various reasons, the urgency was not high. At the moment, it was an important but not urgent task. At present, the big promotion of Taobao was getting closer and closer, and there were enemies waiting in the dark. This was definitely an important and urgent task. It must be placed in the most important position and solved first.

Staying in Taobao until the afternoon, Li Mu, Lei Jianguo, and other teams made more in-depth refinement and optimization of the promotion.

At three o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu left Taobao and drove to Makino Technology. The article reminded him that MSN was actively imitating YY and wanted to implement a group chat function on MSN.

If MSN really launched a group chat, Li Mu couldn't sue them for infringement, because it was difficult to apply for a patent and protect a product idea. What could really be patented was generally the solution of the product idea.

In other words, if MSN just copied the product idea of the group chat, he couldn't do anything to them, and he couldn't win a lawsuit against them in the United States. Unless the solution used when developing the group chat product infringed on his own patent, as long as they used a different idea to solve this technical problem, it wouldn't be considered infringement.

Li Mu was still very worried about Microsoft's approach, because once a company like Microsoft wanted to follow up and imitate at the level of product development, his technical strength was so strong, and the speed of catching up would be very fast.

Now, his own YY and Microsoft's MSN happened to have a differentiated competition. MSN now mainly served ordinary users and solved the social needs of ordinary users; YY now mainly served elite users and solved the office and business needs of elite users.

At present, he secretly set up "Paradise Town" in order to steal MSN's users, and Microsoft imitated his product functions. It was obvious that they wanted to steal his elite users.

In this case, he had to continue to strengthen the support of YY for the office and business needs of elite users, and develop more business functions to stabilize his unexpected elite users. Didn't the Americans say that he was awesome?

Didn't they say that YY products were awesome?

Well, then I will be a little more awesome, awesome enough to make you all admire me, and make you all admire me.

In the meeting room of Makino Technology, Li Mu described his more advanced product plan in detail to the core team and the various leaders of the development team.

Among them, Li Mu felt that the core product was the online preview function.

When Li Mu wrote the words "online preview" on the whiteboard, no one understood what Li Mu was trying to say.

Or rather, what was online preview?

Everyone knew about the preview function. Using a variety of document editing software, before printing, they would first do a print preview. In other words, it was a preview in advance. What does this have to do with being online or not?

As long as it was on the computer, can't you preview it offline?

Li Mu saw everyone was puzzled, and he smiled and asked them, "Everyone, what is the most important tool in your work?"

Everyone's answer was different.

Some said it was YY, some said it was software development, and some said it was email. This had a lot to do with everyone's different types of work.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Which colleague thinks email is the most important work tool, please raise your hand."

Among the more than twenty people, about six or seven raised their hands, accounting for one-third of the total.

Li Mu asked again, "Those who think email can be ranked in the top two of importance, please raise your hand. Those who think email is the most important, please raise your hand again."

Among the more than twenty people, twelve or thirteen people raised their hands, accounting for half of the total.

Li Mu asked again, "Those who think email can be ranked in the top three of importance, please raise your hand again. Those who raised their hands twice, please raise your hands again."

This time, almost everyone raised their hands.

Although one-to-one communication and one-to-many communication in YY were very convenient, it still could not replace the importance of email in work.

Although the presentation of work content in the form of email was slightly more cumbersome, it was more formal, more organized, and easier to store and retrieve. Therefore, until 2016, corporate email was also a very important work tool.

The importance of email in work could be divided into two dimensions: internal and external.

During internal work, it could be used to issue notices, issue work tasks, send work reports, various applications, project progress, etc. A leader could send an email to all employees, and an employee could also copy an email to multiple leaders and colleagues. Every employee would receive a certain number of work emails every day, and some even received dozens of emails a day.

In external work, the mailbox was also very important. Although the offline transmission of YY was awesome, it still had to go through the process of adding friends. The mailbox was different. As long as you had the other party's email address, you could directly exchange letters with the other party. Therefore, the function of the mailbox was also indispensable in official external business work.

After making everyone aware of the importance of email, Li Mu said to them, "In your daily email exchange, what are the most common types of attachments?"

Some people said Word, some said Excel, and some said PDF, PPT, TXT, RAR, or others.

However, the most common types of documents were Word, Excel, PPT, and PDF.

These four types were indeed the most common types of documents at work, so it was natural that they were the most common in email attachments.

Therefore, Li Mu wrote these four types on the whiteboard and said to everyone, "Okay, now let's take a look at these four types of documents. In your frequent work emails, do you feel that checking attachments is a very troublesome thing?"

Everyone looked at each other, and some people subconsciously said, "I don't think so.", "It's okay."

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. Sure enough, this group of people living in 2002 had a product demand that was so easily satisfied. On the contrary, he was like a spoiled child. He couldn't help but complain about the design and function of various products in this year. Even if others felt that it was very good, he still felt that it was a lot worse. This was indeed because he was reborn. The internet products in 2016 were really too far ahead of the current era.

Therefore, Li Mu patiently said to them, "For example, someone sent a file to your email. It was a Word document with only a few dozen kilobytes. How would you check it?"

A girl subconsciously said, "Download the attachment and then open it …"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Look, from the moment you open this email, what you need to do is: click on the attachment to download, the download box pops up, choose the storage path, and click on Save; if you choose to download to the desktop, then you need to switch to the desktop and double-click to open it; if you choose to download to a folder, then you need to open the root of the folder."

Everyone nodded. This was indeed the process, but everyone seemed to have long been used to it. No one felt that there was anything troublesome about it.

At this time, Li Mu said, "What if we have an attachment with the [Online Preview] function?

Similarly, from the moment you open this email, you don't need to click on the download button. There is a [Preview] button next to it. You only need to click on the [Preview] button, and a new page will immediately pop up. The contents of the attachment will be shown to you on the new page. Many of the subsequent steps will be skipped. Not only will it save your operating costs, but it will also save your time. Think about it, isn't this very cool? "

Everyone frowned and thought about it. Fang Xudong was the first to come back to his senses. He said in surprise, "Li Zong, this function can really solve a lot of problems. In fact, most of these types of attachments, we don't need to download and save them at work. We just need to look at them and save them in our email. Even if we want to forward them to other colleagues, we can forward them directly through email. There is no need to download them locally at all."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "That's exactly what I mean. Think about it, if these documents can be directly viewed online, how much time and energy can you save?

Compared to the time and energy saved, I think the more important thing is the thrill of being able to do everything with one click. "

The others also understood and agreed with what Li Mu said.

With such an [Online Preview] function, the experience would indeed be much better. But here was the problem. How could it be realized?

Fang Xudong also did not understand. He asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what technical means are we going to use to realize the online preview function of so many documents?

Each type requires a different software to open. How are we going to realize the preview of all of them on the same page? "

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Old Fang, you are a technical expert, but the product side also needs to keep up with the pace!"

Fang Xudong's face turned red.

His product thinking was indeed average. What he was good at was his execution. When Li Mu told him what product he wanted and what function to implement, he would use technical means to realize it after he experienced it. However, if he was asked to be like Li Mu, who set the soul of a product, he was still very lacking. After all, the product and the technology might overlap at the superficial stage. The more in-depth it was, the more divergent the routes would be.

At this moment, Li Mu smiled and said, "Let me give you an example. Let's say that we completely abandon the Internet. If you want to give a book to your friend to read, then you have to think of a way to send the book to him. If you want him to appreciate a painting or a photo, then you have to think of a way to put the painting or photo in front of him. If you want to invite your friend to watch a performance or play, then you have to send the performance tickets or a CD to them. For these requirements, all the delivery media are specific. It's either a book, a painting, a photo, or a CD."

Seeing that everyone was staring at him without even daring to breathe too loudly, Li Mu smiled and changed the topic, saying, "What if!

At this time, if someone provides you with a solution to the image transmission, can you use the image transmission technology to solve the above four requirements? "

Fang Xudong was instantly enlightened and blurted out, "Li Zong, I understand!"

Li Mu asked with great interest, "Do you understand?

Then let's hear it. "

Fang Xudong said, "What you're saying is that even though the medium they need to transmit is different, they can all find a unified presentation method. This is because what we ultimately want to transmit to the other party isn't the book itself, nor is it the painting, the photo, or the disc itself, but the content they contain!"

"According to your analogy, we can turn a paper book into an electronic version of an image and then transmit it to the other party. He can still finish reading the entire book. Not to mention a painting, a photo, or a performance. All of them can be converted into an image file and directly transmitted through an image. It can be solved perfectly."

Li Mu nodded in appreciation and asked, "So?"

Fang Xudong smiled and said, "So we need to develop a function that can convert all of these types of files into HTML page documents in our server. This way, once the user enables the preview of a certain type of document, our server will directly transmit the HTML page documents to him so that he can directly preview it on the page. Whether it is a Word document, an Excel spreadsheet, a PDF, or a PowerPoint, we can use the page technology to display the content!"

Li Mu clapped and said, "Well said!

This is the online preview function that I want!

We don't need to care about what type of document the user wants to preview. As long as it is suitable to be displayed using the page technology, then we will convert it into a page document for him so that he can preview it online without downloading it. "

As he said this, Li Mu continued, "Think about it. If a 30KB Word document is converted into an HTML page document, the size of the document will also be around 30KB. Instead of letting the user download 30KB from the server, then save, search, and open it, why not let the user directly download the 30KB page document from the server? This will save him all the trouble and let him directly browse the content of the document on the page."