Chapter 194

Seeing that Liu Nian was so emotional that tears were flowing out, Li Mu said, "Little Nian Nian, you're quite promising. You're already crying?

Then when you face your teachers and juniors, won't you cry until your nose is foaming? "

Liu Nian was stunned. He asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, you mean …"

Li Mu said, "We definitely have to be there and personally give the cash to the poor students. No third party can interfere with this money between us and the poor students. So when the time comes, I'll organize a small team and everyone will go to your alma mater to complete the donation."

Liu Nian said helplessly, "But it's too far away. It'll take more than 30 hours to get there. We don't have that much time."

Li Mu waved his hand. "We'll go by plane. We'll book a car in advance. After we get off the plane in your province, we'll take a car to your county town. The expenses will be directly counted as 3321 working capital."

Liu Nian asked hesitantly, "Can I go with you?"

"Of course." Li Mu smiled and said, "That's your alma mater. Can you not go?

You're the main character of this financial aid operation. "

When Liu Nian saw that Li Mu wasn't joking at all, he immediately collapsed. He covered his face and burst into tears. The others in the dormitory hurried forward to comfort him. Hu Zhengdao said with red eyes, "Brat, why are you crying? It's such a good thing that others can't even beg for it. Hurry up and thank you on behalf of your juniors, Mu Ge!"

Liu Nian wiped his tears. "Thank you, Mu Ge!"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. He looked at Hu Zhengdao and said, "Zhengdao, what's the situation in your high school?

Little Nian's high school tuition is about 200,000 yuan. If you plan a little more, even if it's 230,000 yuan, you'll still have more than 200,000 yuan left … "

Hu Zhengdao was stunned and asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, you're not kidding, are you?"

Li Mu said, "Am I kidding?

The poor students in your and Liu Nian's high school will be the first recipients of 3321. "

Hu Zhengdao immediately became excited and said, "That's great!

My family is also in a poor county, and there are many poor students. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then let's make a plan and try to help you and Liu Nian's high school as soon as possible."

Hu Zhengdao hurriedly asked, "When?

Today is Friday. Do you still want to go this weekend? "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "If we leave tomorrow, we won't be able to make it in time. There are some things that have to be arranged in advance. Besides, we're going to donate to the students, so we have to arrange it during the school days from Monday to Saturday."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Then we'll leave on Sunday and donate on Monday. After donating, we'll come back immediately. It doesn't matter if we miss a day of classes."

Li Yawei asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, can the few of us participate?"

"Sure."

Li Mu said, "Although it's a donation, there are quite a lot of things that need to be done. We need to arrange the itinerary, contact the driver, communicate with the school, contact the bank to withdraw cash, verify the information of the poor students, distribute the scholarship on the spot, and even coordinate with the local media. So the whole process needs at least seven to eight people."

When Sun Jian heard this, he quickly said, "Alright then, let's count the six of us in."

Xue Jianfeng also said, "Yeah, such a meaningful thing, you have to count me in."

Li Yawei said, "Me too, Mu Ge. If you leave me behind at this time, I'll fight it out with you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I'll talk to Senior Sister Ai and ask her to bring someone with us."

…

Li Mu knew that more and more people were paying attention to 3321's future funding. If he kept the money in his hands for too long, it might attract some gossip. It was better to spend it as soon as possible. The reason why he initially chose Liu Nian and Hu Zhengdao's alma mater was because Li Mu respected his two roommates and also because he didn't want to worry about them.

After making up his mind, Li Mu quickly called Dong Ai and asked her out for a detailed discussion. Dong Ai then asked Li Mu to meet at a coffee shop outside the school.

These days, most of Dong Ai's energy was focused on 3321. The hardware of "Three Rooms" had already been completed. She had also recruited many students and alumni who were willing to work at 3321. Currently, 3321 had more than ten employees. Most of them were part-time workers, and there was only one full-time worker, who was in finance. He had just graduated from the National People's Congress with a degree in finance management last year.

Li Mu told Dong Ai about his plan to donate to needy high school students. Regarding Li Mu's decision, Dong Ai had no objections. She only asked Li Mu, "Are your two roommates part-time tutors at 3321?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes."

Dong Ai had a flash of inspiration and said, "How about this? In the future, we will prioritize helping the alma maters of these students who are working part-time at 3321. This way, we can increase their loyalty to 3321 to a certain extent."

Li Mu said, "Sure. When the time comes, I will ask Baidu's technology to open a backend function for the students of 3321 so that they can submit their high school alma maters' information. As for which schools to help, we will decide on our own. There will be no interference from any individuals or groups. Also, priority will be given to the impoverished counties of the country."

Dong Ai said, "Okay. Then we will go to Guangxi this Sunday?"

Li Mu said, "Yes. Tomorrow, I will ask Liu Nian to contact his alma mater. For the time being, he will go to the school on Monday to give out scholarships to needy students. If there are no problems with the school, tomorrow we will book the plane tickets and contact them to rent cars and withdraw money. I will leave the few media outlets that have interviewed 3321 to you. See if they are interested. If they are, you can send a reporter to follow them."

Dong Ai asked, "If we send a reporter, will we pay for the expenses?"

"No, I don't want people to gossip about me."

"Okay, I will contact them tomorrow."

Li Mu said again, "I will contact the Beijing TV Station. I know a news program director there."

The first to report on 3321 was Beijing TV Station. This was also thanks to the fact that Xie Tingfang on the evening news program was a user of 3321. The moment she appeared, she immediately gave a special report. This was very impressive. Li Mu wanted to personally contact Xie Tingfang and tell her about the financial aid program this time to see if she was interested.

Dong Ai asked again, "How many spots do we have on our side?

Eight? "

Li Mu said, "Around eight. Including you, it is already seven."

Dong Ai said, "I think Ying Xue is quite suitable. You two are high school classmates. Do you want to call her along?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "That is a national poor county in the mountains. I don't think there is even a decent hotel there. She is a girl, it is better not to let her suffer."

Dong Ai immediately rolled her eyes at Li Mu. "I am also a girl. Why do you still want me to go?"

"You are different."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You are the famous Senior Ai, and now you are an executive of 3321. You must appear for this kind of thing."

Dong Ai shook her head and sighed. "Alright, alright. Who asked me to focus on working at 3321. Even if you want me to go to the Tibetan Plateau to do financial aid, I will not dare to object."

Li Mu looked at Dong Ai and said with a deep smile, "Senior Ai, in at most half a year, 3321 will depend on you to show your face in public. After all, I am still a first year student. I cannot put the cart before the horse and forget about my job. You are different. You have already completed your credits and have a lot of time and energy in the future. You will also not have much pressure on your studies after being accepted for postgraduate studies. If you treat 3321 as your own career, your future gains will definitely exceed your expectations."

Dong Ai understood the look in Li Mu's eyes. She knew that Li Mu had long seen through her intentions. If she could really participate in a project like 3321 and gain a certain amount of speaking power and exposure, it would be of great help to her in the future. This was especially helpful for taking the national civil service exam or entering an enterprise. No matter how hard an ordinary person worked, they would only get an evaluation of a normal background and no criminal record. If they wanted to surpass ordinary people in this aspect, they had to have the relevant qualifications. 3321 was an excellent choice.

The meaning of Li Mu's words was also very clear. He would not keep showing his face for 3321. In his heart, he already had a suitable candidate for him to show his face in public. That person was Dong Ai.

This was undoubtedly a big pie in the sky for Dong Ai. Dong Ai felt like she was injected with chicken blood. She was very different from Sun Tan. Although she also pursued fame, her sense of social responsibility was much stronger than Sun Tan. What attracted her to 3321 was not only its reputation but also its values.

After communicating with Dong Ai, Li Mu called Xie Tingfang. Xie Tingfang's child was only one year younger than Li Mu, but Li Mu addressed her as Sister Xie over the phone. This made Xie Tingfang happy. This young man was really sweet.

When Xie Tingfang heard that Li Mu would be leading a team to the mountainous region of Guangxi, she was immediately interested. After asking Li Mu's opinion, she told Li Mu: "This is very meaningful. We had been thinking of doing a follow-up interview on 3321, but we could not think of a good starting point. If we can use that Liu Nian's alma mater as the starting point, it will fit in with the previous interview. The first episode was you all helping Liu Nian, and this time, you all and Liu Nian are going to help Liu Nian's alma mater. There will be a clear contrast between the two episodes."

Li Mu laughed and asked: "Sister Xie, what do you think?"

Xie Tingfang said: "I personally feel that we should use this opportunity to do another interview. But I need to discuss with our Head first. What is the tentative time?"

Li Mu said: "We will leave the day after tomorrow. We will be at the school to distribute the scholarships to the students."