Chapter 805

Li Mu had never considered the issue of a Yanjing household registration before.

In his previous life, he had never expected to have a Yanjing household registration. In this life, his career had been achieved too quickly, and he had never thought about settling down in Yanjing after graduation.

However, Lin Ching-ah's reminder made him suddenly think of the importance of a Yanjing household registration for foreigners. With a Yanjing household registration, not only could he enjoy various benefits including buying and renting a house, but he would also not need to be troubled by the housing purchase restriction and the lottery qualification in the future. In the future, the housing and car policies would be tightened. If foreigners wanted to buy a large property in Yanjing, they would need to pay social security for five consecutive years. If they wanted to go through the lottery, they would also need to meet the conditions of social security for five consecutive years.

If the housing and transportation problems could be overcome through other methods, it would not be so easy to overcome the problem of children's schooling in the future. Many Beijing drifters left Yanjing because of their children's schooling after they got married and had children, or simply left their children in their hometown to live. If they had a Yanjing household registration, then these problems could be easily solved.

In his previous life, many public institutions and a small number of private enterprises in Yanjing had a Yanjing household registration quota, which could help a certain number of employees solve the Yanjing household registration problem every year. Makino Technology, Taobao, and Taobao Logistics were currently the leading enterprises in the domestic Internet industry. If they wanted to fight for resources in this area, it should be very easy.

Li Mu was not a stingy boss. His generosity to his employees was unparalleled in the current Internet industry. Whether it was Makino Technology or Taobao, the average salary and benefits of these two companies were far above the industry level.

High salaries and benefits were only one aspect. The strength of the two companies themselves could provide enough room and opportunities for their employees to develop. If they could also solve the housing and household registration problems, then their attraction to future high-end talents would definitely be unparalleled. This was especially true for the problem of overseas high-end talents returning to the country. Not all Chinese who studied or worked overseas wanted to live overseas. It was just that compared to the conditions in China that could satisfy them, there was a large number of talent outflows.

Li Mu did not believe in patriotic education. He was a practical person and knew that he could not use his mouth to persuade overseas talents to return to the country. Instead, he should use his actions to attract overseas talents and make them decide to return to the country for development.

Whether it was those who left their hometown to develop in big cities or those who left their motherland to develop overseas, every wanderer actually had a scale in their heart. One end of the scale was their hometown, parents, relatives, and sense of belonging to their hometown. The other end of the scale was the outside environment, opportunities, and income level. The reason why they left their hometown was that the other end of the scale was more practical and realistic. If the environment, opportunities, and income level of their hometown could be narrowed from those in big cities, groups like drifters in the north could be greatly reduced.

In Li Mu's view, the most embarrassing situation for Hua Xia was that the city's development was too polarized. First-tier cities had huge resources, so the gap between second-tier cities and first-tier cities was not small. Take the Internet industry as an example. 90% of Internet companies and employees were gathered in first-tier cities. Those in the Internet industry faced an extremely embarrassing situation: If they left first-tier cities to develop at home, they could basically only give up on the Internet.

However, Li Mu did not have the ability to solve this problem. He could only try his best to give the employees in his company better benefits. He hoped to provide a better environment and conditions so that a large number of Chinese people who had studied abroad could return to China with their knowledge and abilities. As for those drifters who left their hometown to develop in Yanjing, he also wanted to create better conditions for them as much as possible, so that they could have a stronger sense of belonging to this city, which could also reduce their sadness of struggling in a foreign land and increase their sense of belonging to this city.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah, "Which department should solve the problem of the household registration index?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "The Municipal Human Resources Bureau. Its superior is the Ministry of Human Resources of the State Council. They are responsible for the examination and approval of the enterprises, the distribution of the quota, and the specific settlement."

Li Mu asked again, "Have you found out about the current quota of most enterprises?"

Lin Ching-ah explained, "The quota is set by year, and the ones with the most quota are the central enterprises. Most of the large central enterprises have more than a thousand household registration forms every year. Private enterprises have less, basically less than a hundred."

Li Mu said, "Tell Lin Ching-ah, after I'm done with this, I'll think of a way to fight for a few companies."

…

Not long after Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah arrived at the private room they had booked, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang arrived accompanied by Dong Ai. Li Mu stood up to welcome them, and said with a smile, "Thank you both for running around for 3321 for so long in Yungui. It's been hard on you!"

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "It's not hard at all. On the contrary, I'm glad to have such an opportunity. This trip to Yungui to participate in the student aid is very meaningful to me and Anita!"

Mei Yanfang's eyes were still slightly red, but she also smiled and nodded. "Mr Li, thank you very much for letting me participate in this student aid, and thank you for your thoughtfulness in arranging today's physical examination for us."

Mei Yanfang didn't know that Dong Ai had told Li Mu about the physical examination in private, so Li Mu didn't mention it. He only nodded slightly. "It's our duty to do the physical examination. You two have been running around for 3321 for so long. If anything happens to you because of 3321, I'll feel very bad."

Dong Ai followed Li Mu's words and said, "That's right, Lady Mei. From the moment we left, Li Zong kept telling me that after the student aid ends, we must arrange the best and most detailed physical examination to ensure that there are no lingering lesions in your bodies because of the student aid."

Mei Yanfang heard this and nodded lightly. She looked at Li Mu and said gratefully, "Mr Li, during today's physical examination, the doctor said that I might have cancer, but even if the diagnosis was confirmed, it would be in the early stages. I'm very lucky to be able to discover it so early. Thank you so much."

As Mei Yanfang said this, she put her palms together and bowed slightly to Li Mu, looking very sincere.

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Lady Mei, you're too kind. I believe that everything is due to one's own luck. If it's luck, it's also due to one's own good karma. There's no need to thank me."

Mei Yanfang looked at Li Mu in surprise. Then, she looked at Zhang Guorong and said to Li Mu, "Brother also said that it's good karma. However, I don't dare to say that I've done good karma. Even if I do get good karma, it's because of you two."

Li Mu said, "Lady Mei, there's no need to think too deeply about this. Pardon me for asking, if you're diagnosed, what's your plan for the follow-up treatment?

Is there anything I can help with? "

Mei Yanfang looked at Zhang Guorong and said to Li Mu, "If I'm diagnosed, I want to go to America or England for treatment. Then, I'll leave the entertainment industry indefinitely. I'll go back to China and live with my brother by Erhai Lake for a few years."

When Li Mu heard this, he felt very gratified. The lives of the superstars of these two eras were very rough. Most importantly, the two of them were each other's best friends. They had been friends for decades. If the two of them could help each other on the road of life, in Li Mu's opinion, it would be a very good thing.

Zhang Guorong left Hong Kong's entertainment industry to study in Yun Gui University. She had become much more cheerful. She was no longer as depressed as before. Her depression had probably been greatly alleviated. On the other hand, if Mei Yanfang could overcome the hurdle of cancer, she should be more open-minded about her future. If the two of them could be indifferent to fame and fortune and help each other on the road of life, it would be the most gratifying thing for them.

Li Mu also felt a sense of achievement because of this. These two superstars, who were originally destined to fall next year, had their fates completely changed by him. Now, it seemed that Zhang Guorong wouldn't commit suicide next year, and Mei Yanfang wouldn't die of cancer next year. This was Li Mu's unique ability. Not only could he turn the tides with his hands, but he could also change the course of the world!

Therefore, Li Mu opened his mouth and said to Mei Yanfang and Zhang Guorong, "If you wish to settle down in the mainland in the future, I would like to represent my compatriots in the mainland to sincerely welcome the two of you."

Zhang Guorong smiled and said, "Mr. Li, I have decided to settle down by the Erhai Lake in the next few years. If possible, I hope to be the ambassador of 3321 for the few years that I will settle down in the mainland. I wonder if you can agree to this?"

Li Mu immediately said, "Brother, this is a good thing for me and 3321. How can I not agree to this?"

Mei Yanfang said emotionally, "Brother has really changed a lot during this period of time. I haven't seen him so happy for a few years. Leaving Hong Kong to do charity in the mainland was the right decision."

Zhang Guorong sighed and said, "Of course it was the right decision. Otherwise, I would have been annoyed to death by the gossip media in Hong Kong. Now that I'm in the mainland, out of sight, out of mind. The most important thing is that my life is really fulfilling. I can see the students' desire to go to university, and I can see that 3321 is really down-to-earth to help them solve their college problems. It's changing their lives. I feel a sense of achievement being part of this."

As she said this, Zhang Guorong had a yearning look on her face. "Also, Erhai Lake is really a good place to relax. Only after leaving the hustle and bustle of the big city did I realize that life can be so beautiful."

Mei Yanfang pointed at Zhang Guorong and said to Li Mu with a smile, "He said today that he's going to build a villa in Erhai Lake. He's giving me a floor."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's great. The two of you can live a peaceful life by Erhai Lake."

Dong Ai smiled and said, "Aunt Mei, I'll definitely visit you often. Brother has reserved a floor for you, so please save a room for me!"

Dong Ai had been working with the two of them for a long time. She also took care of their daily lives, so they were very close. Mei Yanfang had even privately acknowledged Dong Ai as her godsister. So when she heard what Dong Ai said, she immediately said very seriously, "If that day comes, I'll definitely save a room for you forever!"

As she said this, Mei Yanfang added, "Oh right, after my illness is cured, you must continue to bring me to 3321's activities!"

…