Chapter 767

After reaching an agreement with Liu Shixiong, Li Mu handed the matter of the meeting over to him.

Liu Shixiong said that he could find a middleman to arrange a meeting with Wang Shutong, the current CEO of Outstanding Internet. Li Mu then remembered that Lei Jianguo was not in charge of the Outstanding Internet. He did not know Wang Shutong very well, but he knew that she was just a professional manager. Moreover, after leaving Outstanding Internet, there was nothing to be proud of. Hence, he said to Liu Xiaodong, "Don't look for anyone else, just look for Lei Jianguo."

With Li Mu's current status and ability, he was no longer interested in becoming a second-tier figure in the internet industry in the future. Hence, he was only willing to discuss the acquisition of Outstanding Internet with Lei Jianguo alone. Regardless of whether the acquisition of Outstanding Internet was successful or not, at least he had to establish contact with Lei Jianguo first.

Liu Shixiong was also very efficient. Very quickly, he helped Li Mu to arrange a meeting with Lei Jianguo.

After finding a friend in the industry to get Lei Jianguo's number, Liu Shixiong made a call. After introducing himself, Lei Jianguo immediately realized that Liu Xiaodong's call was probably because Li Mu wanted to acquire Outstanding Internet. Otherwise, he would not have taken the initiative to look for him.

Liu Shixiong did not say it clearly over the phone. He only said that he was representing Li Mu and wanted to meet him in private for a chat. Lei Jianguo did not want to agree at first, because he was subconsciously repulsed by Li Mu. It was not because he had any personal opinions about Li Mu, but mainly because he had poured a lot of effort and hope into Outstanding Internet. Now that Outstanding Internet was in a difficult situation, he really did not want to give it up so easily. Hence, he did not want to talk about acquisition with Li Mu.

However, after thinking about it, Lei Jianguo did not dare to reject him directly.

This was because he had quickly reviewed Li Mu's way of doing things. He felt that it was impossible for him to talk about acquisition, cooperation, or not to talk about it.

For a person like Li Mu who had a strong goal, a keen sense of smell, and a precise strike, once he set his sights on Outstanding Internet, there were only two possibilities: to acquire it, or to kill it.

In Lei Jianguo's eyes, Li Mu was definitely the kind of person who had money in one hand and a gun in the other. This kind of person would not return with money and a gun. He would either let him use money to close the deal, or wait for him to kill him with a gun.

It was fine if he did not want to do business with him, but would he be able to withstand his attacks?

Li Mu had only used a celebrity's Tieba forum to coordinate with YY and Taobao to create a so-called "Celebrity All-Channel Promotion", and he had roped in all the recording companies. Not only did the major recording companies provide Taobao with their audio and video products at a low price, they also mobilized their artists to promote on their own Tieba forums. At the same time, they specially signed a bunch of signed photos and posters to Taobao for prize-winning sales. In a short while, he had cut off one of Outstanding Internet's legs.

Lei Jianguo was very clear that the most frightening thing was not that Li Mu had cut off one of Outstanding Internet's legs, but that Li Mu's actions were not aimed at Outstanding Internet, but to increase the influence of his own platform. At the same time, he had gathered all the online activities and resources of celebrities into his own hands. However, his influence was too strong. Just by doing this, he had unknowingly crippled Outstanding Internet.

Unintentional targeting could almost kill the Outstanding Net. If he deliberately suppressed it, the Outstanding Net would probably not be able to survive a single round in his hands.

Moreover, the situation behind Outstanding Internet was much more complicated than what it seemed.

Outstanding Internet was a joint venture between Jinshan and Lenovo. The main reason was that Jinshan had been cozying up to Lenovo for the past few years. Therefore, they had come up with this project and pulled Lenovo along to invest in it. Their real motive was actually to use the "Outstanding Internet" as a common child to cozy up to Lenovo. Their motive was similar to a woman wanting to give birth to a child for a tycoon, and then gain more benefits from him.

However, they did not expect that this business model, which was a complete copy of Amazon, would not be able to adapt so badly in China. Hardware manufacturers like Lenovo had originally thought that the internet bubble would be huge and wanted to use this opportunity to stir up the market. Who knows, they might be able to make a fortune. However, they did not expect that the bubble in this sh * tty industry was not small at all. What was invested was real gold and platinum, and the rate of depletion was also shocking. In the end, just when the market value was about to rise, a small move by Taobao had burst the bubble that they had painstakingly blown up.

Traditional companies focused on direct profits and not on the concept of business model and premium. Recently, after Outstanding Internet's audio and video products business was snatched away by Taobao, the entire website's data was declining.

Traffic was declining, active users were declining, orders were declining, and the transaction value was also declining. It was impossible to rely on books alone. The speed at which money was being burned was rather fast, so fast that Lenovo had already lost its patience.

That was why Outstanding Internet was getting more and more difficult to manage. Lenovo was afraid that it would sink deeper and deeper into this swamp. In the end, no one would be willing to take over the business. That was why Lenovo was thinking of retreating.

If Lenovo retreated, Jinshan would also not continue to play the game. A woman giving birth to a tycoon's child, and the situation became difficult, and the tycoon retreated. Was he going to continue raising the child?

Wouldn't he be an idiot?

After considering all these factors, Lei Jun felt that if Li Mu really wanted the Outstanding Internet, he should just grit his teeth and sell it to him.

Lei Jun quickly accepted Liu Xiaodong's invitation. Both of them set a time. It was Thursday night. The exact location of the meeting would be decided on Wednesday.

Li Mu was overjoyed when he heard this news. He had watched many of Lei Jianguo's press conferences and speeches, and he was interested in Lei Jianguo's Mandarin. When he thought that he would be meeting Li Mu in 2002, and with a higher status, Li Mu was filled with anticipation.

… …

Chen Ze was indeed very well-informed on the inside.

When the evening news broadcast was on time, the leader's speech at the executive meeting appeared in the main content of tonight's news broadcast, and the content about the four "positive energies" was also broadcast without missing a word.

It was a very normal routine for the leader to hold an executive meeting. There were at least hundreds of such meetings in a year. As the topic of the meeting was different, most people were not very sensitive to it. Only when the topic of the meeting was closely related to the people's livelihood would they pay attention.

However, to the media and all levels of government, every executive meeting was of utmost importance. Needless to say, the media and all levels of government paid special attention to the contents of the meeting. The main reason was that they wanted to know what the leader was talking about. It was a weather vane of society and officialdom.

If the theme of the conference was real estate, then real estate developers everywhere, especially those in first-tier cities, would pay close attention to it. The government functional departments responsible for managing real estate development would also immediately pay attention to it. They would study the information released by their leaders and make timely adjustments to their own work.

If the topic of the meeting was environmental protection, then the environmental protection bureaus and polluting companies would inevitably pay close attention to it. As long as there was a possibility of policy change, they would immediately respond.

The topic of today's meeting was education. As the most important basic livelihood project in society, education was already a frequent visitor to the leader's conference table. It was not the first time that the leader paid attention to education and the basic quality of the teaching staff. However, this time, the leader actually used the concept of "positive energy" that Li Mu had just proposed. The meaning behind it was very thought-provoking.

First of all, the education team was required to have "positive energy". There was no doubt that this was a starting point. It put forward new requirements for the quality of the education team. Local education departments must seize this key point and actively carry out related actions to improve the professional quality of the teaching staff.

In addition, there was another point that all people with political sensitivity paid special attention to. That was, there were many ways to improve the quality of the teaching staff and the quality of education. Why did the leader directly use the "positive energy" that Li Mu had just proposed?

The word "positive energy" had been hyped up by the major media for a day. Now that it was suddenly used by the leader, the level of the word was instantly sublimated.

If you thought about it deeply, the leader's use of the concept of "positive energy" so quickly seemed to not only mean that he and the government supported the concept of "positive energy", but to some extent, it also meant that the leader used a special way to express his recognition and appreciation of Li Mu.

This point did not feel much to ordinary people, but to the people in the government, it had a profound meaning. No wonder Li Mu had always been supported by a strong and elusive force behind him. No wonder Li Mu's business was so big that no media really reported it before last night. The real reason was probably here.

Not only were these people surprised, even Li Mu himself felt flattered.

When the leader released a signal of appreciation for a person, it was not necessary to meet him or give him direct words of encouragement. There was also no need to deliberately mention the person's ability and achievements in front of the media. Just like this time, the leader only used the shining point that Li Mu proposed and used it in a field that seemed to have nothing to do with Li Mu. It was enough to release a strong and powerful signal.

While Li Mu was flattered, he also warned himself not to delve too deeply into this issue. He knew that politics was complicated. He was willing to be an absolutely law-abiding citizen and contribute to society as much as he could, but he also clearly warned himself not to be deeply tied to politics. If the leader recognized him, he should take it as the leader's recognition and encouragement. It was enough for him to continue to immerse himself in the road of Internet entrepreneurship.

"Positive energy" was completely popular. It went beyond the scope of a popular word and directly became a phenomenal hot word, covering the entire society overnight.

From the beginning of the news broadcast, the word and Li Mu were separated on the surface. The media began to use the word "positive energy" in various fields, and it quickly became a new media trend.

Acting bravely for a just cause was "promoting positive energy"; not pocketing money found was "promoting positive energy"; helping others was "spreading positive energy"; even the entertainment industry began to take advantage of the popularity of "positive energy".

Film and television stars were interviewed and said that their new characters were full of positive energy; singers were interviewed and said that their next album and single would pay more attention to passing "positive energy" to their fans.

As the creator of "positive energy", Li Mu was even more remembered …