Chapter 75

"Take care of yourself at home for the next few days. You have to eat and sleep on time, understand?"

The next day, at 6: 30 pm, Li Mu sent his parents and aunt to the train station. Before the tickets were checked in, his mother was already urging Li Mu.

Li Mu nodded like a chick pecking at rice. He agreed to everything his mother said without hesitation.

His father looked at the time and said to Li Mu, "Well, you don't have to wait for the bus with us. Go and do your own things."

Li Mu said casually, "I don't have anything to do anyway. I'll keep you company for a while."

His mother reminded him to check that the doors and windows were closed before going to bed. She also reminded him to close the screen door when he entered and exited the house to prevent mosquitoes from getting in.

Li Mu nodded repeatedly. His brain was about to explode as he listened until his phone rang and he came to the rescue in time.

It was Chen Wan.

"Bad boy!"

Chen Wan's tone was dissatisfied.

Li Mu knew that she was angry that he couldn't go to Jinling to watch the competition. He asked politely, "Sister, you're in Jinling?"

"I'm here. I'm eating with my brother." Chen Wan sounded like a resentful wife.

Li Mu chuckled. "Then help me pass on my blessings. I hope they can win this time."

"Okay."

Chen Wan nodded and hesitated for a moment before saying, "This time, all four of their parents are here for dinner. Even my parents are here to cheer them on. I can see that my uncle, aunt, and their parents are all very happy."

"That's good." Li Mu smiled. "Getting the approval of their parents is more important than anything else."

Chen Wan said, "I heard that my brother went to the venue to tune the instruments in the afternoon. The female students from Jinling University surrounded them. Countless girls asked my brother for photos and autographs. I heard that this is the effect of your promotion on the internet. I can't believe it …"

Li Mu said, "It's not a big deal."

Chen Wan said, "I have to thank you for this. I won't blame you for not being able to come."

"That's good." Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. "Remember to tell me the results of the match as soon as possible."

"Okay." Chen Wan said, "That's all for now. I'm going back to the private room."

"Alright."

When Li Mu was about to hang up the phone, Chen Wan suddenly said, "Actually, I miss you a lot. I thought I could see you this time, but it's okay. There will be opportunities in the future …"

"Mm." Li Mu was a little embarrassed.

"I'm hanging up. Bye bye."

After Chen Wan hung up, Li Mu felt a little warm in his heart.

It wasn't because of the momentum in all aspects of the simple plan, nor was it because of their and Chen Wan's gratitude towards him. It was because of Chen Wan's words of "I miss you".

Although Chen Wan was older than him by a few years, in his eyes, she was a passionate, lively, and honest girl.

Chen Wan wanted to see him, and he also wanted to see her …

Li Mu suddenly felt a scratching feeling in his heart.

Looking at the time, it was just past half-past six. Li Mu only knew that the semi-finals would start at eight o 'clock in the evening, and there would be a total of eight bands participating. He didn't know the order of the simple plan. It would take about two and a half hours to drive to the provincial capital. At this time, the road conditions might be better. Maybe he could shorten the time, and he should be able to reach the place by nine o' clock.

Although he wasn't sure if he could make it in time for the simple plan, Li Mu was clear that if he went there now, he could make it in time to see Chen Wan.

Therefore, Li Mu hurriedly said to his parents and aunt, "Dad, mom, aunt, I won't send you to the car. When you get in the car, give me a call. I suddenly have something to do."

Papa Lee nodded and waved his hand. "Go do what you need to do. I'll call you after I get in the car."

Li Mu got the order, turned around and ran. Li Ma was still reminding him from behind, "Remember, eat well and don't stay up late!"

"Got it!"

Li Mu rushed out of the waiting room and passed through the square in front of the station. The roadside was full of taxis. Li Mu glanced at them. The models ranged from Stallion to Antelope to Xiali. They didn't look like fast cars. At this time, Li Mu suddenly saw a Jetta in the long line, and he immediately ran over.

"Sir, are you going to Jinling?"

The driver in the Jetta, who was about fifty years old, immediately became alert when he heard Li Mu asking if he was going to Jinling. "Yes!"

The reason why these drivers chose to work at the train station was because they wanted to take a job that was farther away. Then, the Jetta driver quoted a price. "Five hundred yuan."

The starting price of a taxi now was three yuan, and each kilometer was less than one yuan. It was about two hundred kilometers to Jinling. If it was an empty car, the quoted price was reasonable.

"Money doesn't matter. The key is to be fast!" As Li Mu said this, he directly went to the back seat.

The driver immediately started the car and promised, "Don't worry, I've been driving for twenty years. I'm very familiar with the road from here to Jinling."

"That's good."

The driver quickly drove out of the city. Li Mu closed his eyes and rested in the back seat. At around seven o 'clock, his dad called and told Li Mu that the three of them had already boarded the car.

Papa Lee had always been very reliable and thorough. With him around, Li Mu had nothing to worry about.

His mom even reminded him on the phone not to forget to fetch water for the solar energy after showering. Li Mu quickly promised.

At eight o 'clock at night, the car was still speeding on the national highway. Chen Wan sent a text message: The competition has begun.

Li Mu asked, "What's the ranking for the simple plan?"

"Eighth. Originally, they were drawn to be second, but the scene was almost exploding. They were all here to watch the simple plan. The organizers were afraid that once they finished their performance, there would be no seats, so they should be last."

"Okay!"

Li Mu let out a sigh of relief. If they were to be second, then he really wouldn't be able to watch their performance. However, if they were last, he would definitely be able to make it.

…

When the driver drove the car to the entrance of Jin Ling University, it was just nine o 'clock at night. Before Li Mu got out of the car, he asked the driver, "Sir, can I get a job when I go back?"

"I definitely can't pull it."

The driver smiled and said, "Very few people take a taxi from here to Haizhou. Even if they come to Jin Ling, it's good to see them once a month."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "It's almost two hundred kilometers. Do you want to go back empty-handed?"

"Not really." The driver shrugged and said, "There's no other way."

Li Mu said, "How about this? I'll go back tonight, but it might be after midnight. Do you want to wait for me?"

The driver's eyes lit up, "How about three hundred?

I'll find a place to rest for a few hours. I'll give you my number. Just give me a call when you leave. "

"Okay." Li Mu nodded and wrote down the driver's number. Then, he ran into Jin Ling University.

When he arrived at the Jin Ling University's stadium, Li Mu was dumbfounded. There were a large number of boys and girls gathered outside the stadium. Most of them were girls. At a glance, there were at least a few hundred people.

Li Mu randomly found a girl and asked, "Classmate, what are you all doing outside?"

"We can't get in!"

The girl said anxiously, "We want to go in and watch a simple performance, but the school and the organizer said that the stadium is full, and we can't let any more people in …"

Li Mu was stunned. After a while, he pointed to the hundreds of people around him and asked, "These people are all here to watch a simple performance?"

"Yeah …" The girl anxiously stomped her feet, "The Internet said that their song for this competition is called 'Sunflower'. Someone said that they heard the main singer, Zhang Kexuan, sing it at his house. It's very good, and it's very moving!"

Li Mu thought to himself, Good job, Zhao Kang, your water army leader is really beyond my expectations. The name of the song, 'Sunflower', was only mentioned casually by Li Mu to Zhao Kang. The rumor that he heard Zhang Kexuan sing it at his house was obviously made up. Even if Zhang Kexuan's friends heard him sing it at his house, it was impossible to advertise it so well. Right now, the only person who had this kind of ability on the Internet was probably Zhao Kang.

Li Mu suppressed the surprise in his heart and gave Zhao Kang the title of Admiral of the Navy.

Although he was surprised, the entrances to the stadium were all guarded by the school's security. He really couldn't get in. What should he do?

Li Mu wanted to give Chen Wan a surprise. It would be best if he could sneak in to find her, gently pat her on the shoulder, and then wait to see her surprised face.

However, Li Mu thought about it again. Not to mention that he couldn't get in at all. Even if he could, there were at least thousands of people inside. How could he find Chen Wan?

Moreover, Li Mu remembered that when they were talking on the phone before, Chen Wan said that her parents would come back tonight. It was very likely that they would be by her side. What should he do?

After thinking about it, Li Mu called Ye Tianming. After all, he was a participant. He should be able to bring him in, right?

As for why he didn't look for Zhang Kexuan, it was also because there were too many of his fans gathered at the entrance. Li Mu was also afraid that the situation would get out of control.

When Ye Tianming received the call from Li Mu, Li Mu deliberately told him not to make a noise. Then he told him that he couldn't get in at the entrance.

Ye Tianming said, "Wait for me. I'll go out and pick you up."

Two minutes later, the entrance of the stadium was pushed open. Ye Tianming came out through the gap between several security guards. At this time, many fans around Li Mu rushed over and wanted to take the opportunity to get in. The security guards hurriedly came forward to stop the crowd. Li Mu was very sneaky. He bent down and went to Ye Tianming's side. When Ye Tianming saw him, he almost pushed Li Mu in front of the security guards without saying anything.