Chapter 917

When Boss Ma found out that Li Mu was going to have a press conference today, he knew that he would make a big news. However, he didn't expect it to be this big!

It was as if Boss Ma knew that Old Li, who lived next door, was getting married today. He knew that Old Li would light firecrackers to celebrate. Boss Ma covered his ears and got ready. However, Old Li didn't light firecrackers. Instead, he lit dozens of gas tanks …

The media all over the country went crazy. All kinds of broadcasts, all kinds of praises, and all kinds of large-scale reports emerged one after another. It was much bigger than any of Li Mu's previous events.

Boss Ma's heart felt like it was blocked by half a ton of concrete mixed with accelerant. While he was angry and depressed, he also sighed in his heart that his luck was really bad. Why did he have to rush to the center of the nuclear explosion when the other party was experimenting with the atomic bomb …

At eight o 'clock tonight, Le Tao's advertisement would be launched on time. With Li Mu's strong public opinion, the effect of the promotion would be greatly reduced in the first three days.

Boss Ma held back in his office for a few hours. In the end, he could only helplessly accept this reality.

Nothing could be changed now. It was necessary for Le Tao to be online.

Seeing that it was almost six o 'clock, Boss Ma came out of his office and went to the technical department's office. When he saw that almost all the core team members were here, he knew that everyone was watching Le Tao go online. He couldn't help but ask, "How's the preparation for going online?"

Lu Zhaoxi saw that Boss Ma finally came out of his office. He knew that Boss Ma must be depressed. He quickly said, "Boss Ma, we will officially go online in ten minutes. We were discussing whether we should invite you to personally carry out the order."

To put it bluntly, the website going online was the opening of the store. The previous rental, renovation, and stocking of goods were all for this moment. Everything inside was ready. At this time, as long as the door was opened, it would be equivalent to officially opening for business.

Boss Ma asked Lu Zhaoxi, "Is it troublesome to operate?"

Lu Zhaoxi hurriedly said, "It's not troublesome at all. There is an order from the technical side. You just need to press enter at six o 'clock, and the website server will officially accept external access."

“OK！”

Boss Ma felt that it was necessary to raise everyone's morale. He immediately clapped his hands and said straightforwardly, "I'll do it!"

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief when they saw that Boss Ma was full of fighting spirit.

At this time, everyone was afraid that Boss Ma would be discouraged. If he was discouraged, everyone would naturally be discouraged. However, if he was still full of energy, under his influence, everyone would be able to put aside the distractions of the outside world and do their best to complete Happy Tao's launch.

At 5: 59 AM, Boss Ma sat in front of the technical supervisor's computer. The supervisor had already set everything up. As soon as Boss Ma pressed the enter key, Le Tao would officially go online and accept external visits.

At 5: 59: 50, all the employees in Alibaba, including Li Guoqing from Beijing and William Yang from the United States, squeezed into the large office. Everyone looked at the time and excitedly counted down, "Ten, nine, eight, seven …"

In the last five seconds, many employees took out the hand-held fireworks they had prepared and waited with bated breath.

Three!

Two!

One!

At the last second, Boss Ma forcefully hit the enter key in front of him. Then, the command was executed, and Le Tao officially went online. Fireworks went off in the crowd, and colorful ribbons flew all over the sky. Everyone cheered loudly, and the atmosphere was very warm.

Boss Ma was also infected by the atmosphere. His previous gloominess was swept away. He stood up and then realized that it was not high enough, so he stepped on the chair again. Lu Zhaoxi, who was beside him, hurriedly supported his legs.

Boss Ma stood out from the crowd and shouted to everyone, "Brothers and sisters, Le Tao is officially online! Our new chapter has begun!

This is our most critical moment!

This is the decisive battle of our life and death!

We must do our best. No matter what, Le Tao must succeed! "

The surrounding employees were greatly encouraged, and they shouted the slogan in unison, "Le Tao must succeed!

Le Tao must succeed!

Le Tao must succeed!!! "

At the last time, everyone was shouting at the top of their lungs!

Boss Ma saw everyone's excited red faces, and his heart was filled with passion!

Li Mu, you are indeed awesome, but my team and I are not to be trifled with!

Our team's cohesiveness is not inferior to your Makino Technology!

It is even better than your Makino Technology!

With such a team, we'll definitely be able to achieve a beautiful victory!

Just you wait!

I'm coming!!

…

Just after six o 'clock, Li Mu picked up the landline on the table and called his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, to ask her to prepare a simple meal for him.

The National People's Congress's welcoming party officially started at eight o 'clock. He would leave at seven o' clock and arrive before eight o 'clock. It would be inconvenient for him to eat at the National People's Congress, and it would be even more inconvenient for him to go out to eat. Therefore, he would just have a casual meal to make up for it.

As soon as he hung up the phone, the phone on the table vibrated rapidly. It was Lei Jianguo.

As soon as Li Mu picked up the phone, Lei Jianguo said impatiently, "Li Zong!

Le Tao is online! "

"Oh?" Li Mu asked subconsciously, "When did it happen?"

"Six o 'clock sharp."

Lei Jianguo said, "I asked the technicians to write a small script a few days ago. It will ping once every second for 24 hours. Once the ping is successful, it will immediately alert and record the time."

Li Mu couldn't help but frown. He didn't expect Boss Ma to choose to go online today. There were all kinds of reports about his press conference today. He had occupied a lot of media resources, and the proportion of people's attention was also very high. Going online at this time could be said to be the worst choice.

"Boss Lei, why do you think they chose to go online today?

Isn't it a little too stupid? "

Lei Jianguo said, "I think they must have no other choice."

As he said this, Lei Jianguo analyzed, "Their promotion rhythm must have been set long ago. If they previously set the media promotion to start today, then the website must go online before the promotion. Otherwise, the promotion will be wasted."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It seems that their promotion will start soon. It is very likely to be tomorrow, or even tonight."

"Yes."

Lei Jianguo said, "That's why I called you. Their going online doesn't mean much to us. The most important thing is when they will start the promotion. If it is tonight, then the promotion that we have made before must be followed immediately."

Li Mu had asked Lin Ching-ah to make an appointment with the media before, but he didn't specify a time with the media. With the excellent relationship between Makino Technology and the media, Li Mu could basically insert the advertisement at any time he wanted.

The advertisement specifically for Le Tao had already been prepared. Li Mu was now waiting for Boss Ma's promotion to start, and then he would directly take him away.

Therefore, Li Mu found Lin Ching-ah and told her, "I will go to the National People's Congress after eating something later. Help me to keep an eye on Boss Ma's movements in Hangzhou tonight. If their promotion starts, immediately start our promotion as planned."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I will keep an eye on Le Tao and coordinate the relevant work."

Lin Ching-ah knew the strategy that Li Mu had developed for Le Tao. Basically, she was the one who personally communicated with all the media, so it was easy to ambush Boss Ma.

…

Knowing that Li Mu was coming, the students of the National People's Congress had already gone crazy. When they saw two black Benz cars entering the campus one after another, they almost immediately concluded that it must be Li Mu in the car. Therefore, at least thousands of people surrounded Li Mu's Benz car, just like fanatical fans waiting for a star.

If it weren't for the security guards of the National People's Congress and the police and auxiliary police of the district sub-bureau to clear the way, Li Mu's Benz S-class car would not have been able to drive into the National People's Congress.

Fortunately, these staff and police helped to separate the car from the students. Therefore, Li Mu's Benz car could drive all the way into the campus and stop at the back door of the National People's Congress Stadium. Tonight's welcome party would be held in the stadium.

When he arrived at the back door of the stadium, the main leaders of the National People's Congress had been waiting there for a long time.

Li Mu got out of the car with his assistant, Li Ziwei. After greeting the school leaders one by one, Li Mu entered the lounge that the school had prepared for him.

Today, there were a total of four people accompanying Li Mu. Three of them were from Wang Yuanlang's combat team, and the other was Li Ziwei.

As soon as Li Mu sat down in his lounge, the teacher in charge of the performance coordination ran over to confirm the time for Li Mu to go on stage. The time set aside for him was 20 to 30 minutes, but if Li Mu had additional requests, this time could be extended.

In the words of the teacher, the entire cast and staff of the party would wait for Li Mu as long as he was willing to chat with everyone. In short, he was the leader.

Li Mu had planned for his speech tonight to be within 20 minutes. When he was a student, he had seen many school leaders and student representatives talking nonsense on stage. Therefore, when it was his turn to give a speech, he hoped that he could say something useful, and it had to be quick and simple.

It was said that the main stadium of the National People's Congress could accommodate more than 10,000 people. If they squeezed a little, it could also accommodate up to 20,000 to 30,000 people. Moreover, it was said that almost all the teachers, students, and staff of the school — more than 20,000 people — were present tonight. It was almost as if the stadium was going to be filled to the brim. It was a huge scene.

In addition to more than 20,000 teachers, students, and staff, there were also more than 400 media reporters. Now, these media reporters had set up their cameras in the stadium, waiting for Li Mu to go on stage.

Li Mu did not expect that there would be such a huge media presence for a speech at school. However, it was still acceptable for more than 20,000 people. More than 400 media reporters were nothing to Li Mu. As the saying goes, when you have too many debts, you don't need to worry, and when you have too many lice, you don't need to itch anymore. He had already dealt with 300 to 400 reporters today, so what was the harm in doing it again tonight?

…