Chapter 1321

From the moment Taobao launched the sale of epidemic prevention materials, as the people gradually became rational, all kinds of epidemic prevention materials that were previously hyped up to sky-high prices also began to collapse.

In areas with confirmed cases, the people had successfully placed orders on Taobao to purchase epidemic prevention materials. In areas without confirmed cases, the people's worries had been greatly alleviated. The demand for products such as indigowoad root and disinfectant was not as urgent as before.

Especially after Taobao objectively stated that the efficacy of isatis root had not been proven, even in areas with confirmed cases, the people's enthusiasm for isatis root began to decline rapidly.

That night, many pharmacies reduced the price of the isatis root they had previously stocked. 200 was reduced to 150, 150 was reduced to 100, and 100 was reduced to 80. The unscrupulous merchants were getting more and more desperate. They kept trying to find out the highest price that the consumers would pay, but almost no one was interested.

Some pharmacies opened until 11 or even 12 o 'clock at night. The prices at the door were constantly changed and reduced, but there were still few people who were interested. Most pharmacies stayed open until midnight and still could not sell a pack of isatis root.

The entire pharmaceutical sales industry was wailing!

That evening, when the owner of the pharmacy that was smashed by the crowd was lying in the hospital with his brother. His wife was still holding on to her family's pharmacy with tears in her eyes. Compared to the physical injuries they had suffered, the 1,000 packs of isatis root that they had spent 80,000 yuan hoarding was their biggest problem.

The lady boss started to lower the price from one hundred and twenty yuan to five yuan, but the passersby didn't even spare her a glance.

When it went all the way to 80 yuan, it still could not be sold.

The lady boss called her husband and told him that the price of 80 yuan had been up for half an hour. Not a single person came in to ask about it, let alone sell it. If this continued, she was afraid that she would lose money tomorrow.

The owner of the pharmacy who was lying on the hospital bed was in despair. After hesitating for a long time, he gritted his teeth and said, "Close up. Let's see if we can lower it to 70 yuan tomorrow. The most important thing is to get rid of it quickly. This time, we really went for wool and came home shorn, sigh!"

Late at night, many pharmacy owners from all over the country saw that there was not even a shadow on the streets, so they reluctantly closed their shops. The Radix Isatidis piled up in the counters and storerooms of the pharmacies became the biggest bomb in their hearts. These Radix Isatidis were like the biggest economic bubble they had ever encountered in their lives. Furthermore, it was a bubble that they had blown with their own money. Once it burst, they would definitely lose everything.

After the pharmacy owners were on tenterhooks for an entire night, they opened for business early the next morning, hoping that Li Mu's influence would weaken and the market would recover. However, when they really opened for business, they realized that the market did not recover at all.

Not only did it not recover, it collapsed even faster!

Some shop owners had already lowered the price to below 80 yuan. Nowadays, the pharmacies that still had Radix Isatidis in the market were basically buying the goods at this price. In other words, there were already people selling at a loss.

The lady boss, whose husband was still lying in the hospital, set the price at 70 yuan early in the morning, but the situation still did not improve. People seemed to have suddenly lost their enthusiasm for the Radix Isatidis. Previously, when they saw the words Radix Isatidis, their eyes would light up, but now, they were too lazy to even look at it.

Not only the Radix Isatidis, but the market for white vinegar, disinfectant, and face masks also started to cool down.

A bottle of white vinegar that cost tens to hundreds of yuan was still being fought over yesterday, but today, no one wanted it anymore.

The supermarket owners and pharmacy owners were the same. Their hearts sank to the bottom.

On this morning that made the profiteers heartbroken, Taobao gave them another huge blow. Just as they opened for business, a considerable portion of Taobao's orders had already started to be delivered.

The speed of Taobao's logistics was already very fast. Moreover, it used the mode of building its own warehouse, so it did not have to transport goods across provinces. The entire logistics department's employees were working overtime to ensure the transportation of epidemic prevention materials. Therefore, the orders that were placed last night had already started to be delivered early in the morning. The efficiency was simply unbelievable.

From seven o'clock in the morning, the citizens of the provincial capital started to receive the epidemic prevention materials that they had ordered.

This speed that was as fast as lightning stunned all the citizens. Not only that, even the goods that they received surprised them.

The cardboard boxes that Taobao used to carry the epidemic prevention materials were custom-made from a cardboard box factory. Good quality was only one aspect. More importantly, the cardboard boxes were not the traditional primary color of cardboard. Instead, they were covered with a green and white film. This color combination made people look very refreshing, exquisite, and elegant. It made people feel very good both visually and mentally.

On the packaging, other than the express waybill, there was also the logo of Taobao and the logo of Taobao Logistics printed on it. At the same time, there was a slogan: Taobao Logistics, no matter when and where, the mission will be achieved.

Opening the packaging, in addition to the products ordered by consumers, there was also a list of things to pay attention to in the prevention of epidemics from Taobao. It reminded people that infectious diseases were not scary. As long as scientific prevention was done, the risk could be infinitely reduced.

The thoughtfulness of Taobao made all the users feel flattered. Very few people had enjoyed such a considerate consumer experience. It was even a consumer experience of sending charcoal in the snow. Moreover, it was done online and delivered to the user's door. It saved them from having to go out in person and also reduced the risk of being infected. This was a new experience that Taobao brought to them. Everyone truly felt the extraordinary charm of online shopping.

The packages of Taobao continued to be delivered, and the epidemic prevention materials on the market continued to plummet.

In the morning, the price of Radix Isatidis on the market fell below 50 yuan.

In addition, the white vinegar plummeted to 20 yuan, but it was still not selling. The price of disinfectant was still a little bit stable. After all, it was a practical and effective epidemic prevention product, and it was more reliable than the other two.

The lady boss sat in her own store and wanted to cry but had no tears.

She had already set the price to 45 yuan, but still no one bought it.

She called her husband and reported the situation truthfully. Her husband on the other end of the phone did not speak for a long time.

If they still could not sell it at 45 yuan, then they would have to lower it to 40 yuan.

Let's not talk about whether they could sell it at 40 yuan. Even if they sold it all at 40 yuan, it would still be a net loss of 40,000 yuan!

That was basically the net profit of their pharmacy for a year.

Just when the boss of the pharmacy had not made a decision, a few middle-aged women came to the door angrily.

The lady boss felt that they were a little familiar, but she could not remember them at the moment.

After the middle-aged women came in, they all took out the Radix Isatidis from their bags and threw them on the counter. They said angrily, "Refund!

We bought these from your store for 200 yuan a bag yesterday. We don't want them now. Hurry up and refund us! "

"Refund?!" The lady boss hurriedly said, "We don't do refunds here!"

"Don't do refunds?"

One of the middle-aged women suddenly became furious and shouted, "You unscrupulous merchants deliberately inflated the price so high to cheat us, and you still don't want to refund us?!

Do you believe that I will call the Industrial and Commercial Bureau to sue you! "

"You …" The lady boss was also a little flustered, but she could only argue irrationally, "We did not force you to buy it. You bought it voluntarily. Now you want to refund it. Aren't you going back on your words?"

One of the middle-aged women pointed at her nose and scolded, "You unscrupulous merchant, don't you have any shame?

You sold it for 200 yuan yesterday, and today you are selling it for 45 yuan. Aren't you also going back on your words?

If you don't refund us today, we will sue you! "

When the lady boss didn't know what to do, a few people came together to refund the Radix Isatidis they bought from the store a few days ago. At that time, they bought it for 100 yuan, and the packaging had already been opened. However, they still angrily requested for refunds. They also gave a compromise, which was to refund them according to the small packages. The 100 yuan bought would be reduced to 4 yuan per package, and the remaining packages would be returned at 4 yuan per package.

The lady boss was even more flustered. More than a dozen people surrounded her, as though they wanted to tear her apart to vent their anger. She had yet to sell the 80,000 yuan worth of goods, and now there were so many people asking for refunds. She didn't know if there would be more people asking for refunds. If she really gave them a refund, she would lose more. However, if she didn't give them a refund, looking at their attitude, it was impossible for them to let it go.

Just as the lady boss couldn't give a solution, many consumers came to her door. They were all consumers who had bought the Radix Isatidis at a high price. After realizing that they had been cheated by the unscrupulous merchants, they all came to ask for an explanation. No one's money came from the wind, not to mention that they had spent tens of times more unjustly.

The same situation happened at almost all the pharmacies that were hyping up the Radix Isatidis at the same time. In the morning, there were countless pharmacies that were smashed. Some pharmacies could not bear the pressure and could only refund the consumers' money. In this way, not only could they not sell a large amount of high-priced Radix Isatidis, but they also had to spit out all the money they had previously earned. There were also some bosses who would rather die than refund the money. As a result, a large number of citizens jointly reported to the Industrial and Commercial Bureau. In this critical period, the Industrial and Commercial Bureau immediately closed the shops involved. There were even some bosses who simply closed their shops and did not open again. They wanted to wait for the limelight to pass, but in this way, the Radix Isatidis in their hands would be completely ruined.

In short, all the merchants who had jacked up the prices were now regretting it. They had to swallow the bitter fruit that they had brewed themselves.

However, in the eyes of these merchants who had jacked up the prices, Li Mu had also become the biggest enemy. With Li Mu's actions, not only had their source of income been cut off, but many people had also lost all their money.

Interestingly, many merchants who had lost all their money, in the midst of regret and hatred, had banded together to seek a solution from their superiors. They hoped to reach an agreement with their superiors and return the goods to them. However, how could their superiors accept such a request? For these superiors who had a large supply of goods, they had already made a lot of money. Some people had even made millions of profits in a very short period of time. With so much money, there was no reason for them to spit it out. Hence, under the pressure, they simply had one word: Run!