Chapter 1244

Li Mu and Wei Lan set off for Shanghai at noon the next day.

Chen Ze had helped Li Mu contact the person in charge of Wei Jun's case in Shanghai last night. In Chen Ze's words, whether Wei Jun should be prosecuted or not, he alone could make the decision.

When the other party heard from Chen Ze that Li Mu wanted to meet him, he agreed without hesitation and took the initiative to be the host. He arranged a restaurant in advance and waited for Li Mu's arrival.

Chen Ze arranged for the two to meet at 7: 30 pm. Li Mu and Wei Lan arrived in Shanghai at 2 pm. As soon as the plane landed, Li Mu and Wei Lan took a car to a high-end condominium in the city center. All of Wei Lan's family's properties had been temporarily seized by the court when the case happened. Only this condominium, which was obviously Wei Lan's real estate, was preserved.

This was a two-hundred-square-meter luxurious four-bedroom apartment. The house was very large, and the developer had its own high-end renovation. Based on the current market, it was worth about ten million yuan. When Wei Lan's family was in trouble, Wei Lan was ready to sell the villa in Beijing's Ziyun Villa. She immediately sold this house, cashing it all out, and then went to the United States. Fortunately, she met Li Mu. Although the villa in Ziyun Villa was given to Li Mu, this house in her hometown was preserved.

Wei Lan was a native of Shanghai, but because she had been working hard in the business world, she had the personality and temper of a northern girl. The best thing was that such a girl had two sides to her bones. When she encountered difficulties, she could be strong, but when she encountered love, she could be as gentle as water. In front of Li Mu, Wei Lan not only brought him many unexpected inspirations, but also let Li Mu experience the unique gentleness of a southern girl.

Only then did Li Mu remember that he had promised to record "Southern Girl" for Wei Lan, but he couldn't hire anyone when he got busy.

Li Mu could tell that Wei Lan had been a little nervous the whole day. It might be because she hadn't been to Shanghai for a long time, and she had mixed feelings about returning to her hometown. Or maybe she was worried about the success of this trip, since it concerned whether she could reunite with her parents in China.

Li Mu could tell that Wei Lan was worried. Although this matter had a high chance of success, it was still related to her loved ones. It was like a surgery with a high success rate. Even if the success rate was high, there was still a possibility of failure. So it was natural for her to be worried.

So Li Mu comforted her, "Don't think too much. I won't go anywhere in the afternoon. I'll stay here with you. You go out to eat something delicious in the evening. I'll be back after eight o 'clock. If there's good news, I'll call you immediately."

Wei Lan gently nodded her head and smiled like a child. "I know of a local restaurant that has great local food, and I used to go there often. I'll go and have a feast by myself tonight, so you don't have to worry about me."

As she spoke, Wei Lan briefly hesitated before she added, "If there's any news, don't call me the first moment."

"Why?" Li Mu asked.

Wei Lan's eyes flickered as she leaned her head on Li Mu's shoulder. "Regardless if it's good or bad news, I don't want to be alone when I hear it. I don't want anyone to hug me to cry or smile to."

Li Mu suddenly felt that Wei Lan was like a cat that had let down all her guard, showing her soft belly to the person she trusted the most. Not only did she trust him, but she also relied on him.

…

At 6 p.m., Li Mu left the house. Before he left, he did not forget to invite Wei Lan out for a meal and promised that he would bring good news back.

Wei Lan readily agreed, but after Li Mu left, she did not take a single step out of the house.

Regardless of local food or local cuisine, she had no interest in them, nor did she have any appetite.

She had a faint premonition that Li Mu's appearance this time might not go as smoothly as he had imagined.

Although she couldn't explain why she had such a premonition, after thinking about it carefully, Wei Lan felt that there were many subtle things between citizens and officials that were difficult to guess and predict with common sense. Even if it was a leader of a remote village, if he didn't ask for anything, then he might not give face to a billionaire. If he gave face, then he would definitely ask for something, and he might even ask for an exorbitant amount of money.

When there's a request, then it was necessary to use other conditions to exchange with the other party. A key figure that could control the future of Wei Lan's father was definitely one of the top three in Shanghai. If he used this matter to ask for an exorbitant price from Li Mu, what should she do?

After waiting anxiously for three hours, the phone finally vibrated. Wei Lan quivered and got up from the sofa reflexively. She turned her head and looked for the phone on the sofa. Finally, there was a message!

A text message from Li Mu.

"Are you home?"

"At home."

After Wei Lan typed these three words, she wanted to ask how was it going, but she quickly gave up the idea and sent the three words directly.

"Okay, I'll be there in 15 minutes. Wait for me."

"Okay."

The remaining 15 minutes were extremely long for Wei Lan.

Li Mu's "wait for me" made Wei Lan guess that Li Mu should have solved her father's problem, but she was not happy at all, because she didn't know what price Li Mu had paid to achieve this.

Fifteen minutes later, the doorbell rang. Wei Lan hurriedly got up and opened the door. Seeing Li Mu in front of her with a faint smile on his face, she bit her lip and asked nervously, "How is it?"

Li Mu smiled and didn't say anything. His left hand behind his back suddenly took out a bouquet of flowers. It was a small flower arrangement with two mini sunflowers. Beside them were some small white chrysanthemums and a sky full of stars, as well as some unknown purple flowers. It was very delicate and very beautiful.

"I passed by a flower shop and found this small bouquet of flowers, so I bought one for you."

Wei Lan happily took the small bouquet of flowers, put it under her nose and sniffed it. She asked, "Why did you buy flowers for me?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "To celebrate."

Wei Lan suddenly raised her head and stared at Li Mu. She asked excitedly and in disbelief, "Everything … everything is settled?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's all settled. Give Uncle a call. The prosecutor will drop the charges and prosecution against him. Let him prepare. He can go back next week."

Wei Lan was stunned for a few seconds, and tears suddenly flowed out of her eyes. She threw herself into Li Mu's arms and thought back to everything she had done for this matter. This was the first time she cried in front of Li Mu. It was just like when she hid in the hotel in Beijing and called her father to tell him that she had completely given up.

Li Mu hugged her and gently rubbed the back of her head and back. He comforted her, "Don't cry. This is a good thing. You should be happy."

Wei Lan was still crying in Li Mu's arms. The pressure and depression that she had been under for a long time was finally released at this moment. Her emotions were like a surging flood that she couldn't control at all.

After crying for about a minute, Wei Lan's emotions stabilized a little. She raised her head and looked at Li Mu with red eyes. She choked and said, "Darling, thank you."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Since you call me darling, why are you so polite with me?"

At this moment, Wei Lan remembered what she had been worried about. She couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "The other party agreed to solve this matter. What conditions did he give you?"

Li Mu nodded. "Three conditions."

"So many?!" Wei Lan hurriedly asked, "What are they?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The first condition is that he has a daughter studying in the United States. She wants to get a PhD in economics from Harvard, and she even dreams of getting a PhD under a Nobel Prize economics professor. However, this professor only takes in three PhD students every year, and he only chooses from the master's students under him. His daughter's master's is not from Harvard. He knows that I have a close relationship with Harvard, so he hopes that I can help his daughter solve this problem."

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "How do you solve this kind of problem?

Harvard is famous for being rigorous in their studies … "

Li Mu curled his lips and said with a smile, "I've already solved this matter. You might think that Harvard is rigorous in their studies, but I called their principal, and the principal personally coordinated this matter. The professor has already agreed to add one more PhD student to this year's quota, and it will be given to his daughter."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with a dumbfounded expression. She clearly didn't think that this kind of thing could be solved by a phone call from Li Mu.

Wei Lan came back to her senses and hurriedly asked, "What about the other two conditions?"

Li Mu said, "The second condition is that he has a nephew, the child of his younger brother. His younger brother and sister-in-law died in an accident ten years ago, so he has been raising this nephew. This year, he is in his fourth year at the performance department of the Shanghai Academy of Drama. His nephew's biggest dream is to be an actor, so he wants to help him realize his dream. He knows that I'm about to start filming a big movie, so he wants to fight for a role for his nephew in the movie."

"Ah?!

You agreed to this too?! "

Wei Lan knew that Flying Tigers had already created a lot of fame in both the East and the West, especially among the Chinese. After that press conference, there was a lot of attention and enthusiasm for Flying Tigers. And she was also very clear that Li Mu had very high expectations for Flying Tigers. It could be said that he was always striving for perfection. The other party wanted a role in the movie that he cared about the most. If the other party didn't act well, wouldn't that ruin Li Mu's movie?!

Li Mu said indifferently, "I told him that the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth male roles are impossible, but I can give him a role with at least three sets of scenes and at least three lines. Moreover, this role is also a member of the Flying Tigers, so the image will definitely be very good."

Wei Lan asked, "Then did he agree?"

Li Mu nodded. "He agreed."

Wei Lan asked again, "What about the third condition?"