Chapter 686

Wang Shaohua didn't see his big boss and second boss along the way. Coincidentally, Li Mu stood up to talk with Chen Ze and Song Liang, blocking the three people behind him. When he came to the front, he saw the two people who were blocked. Because he had met Dong Chengwei in the bathroom before, Wang Shaohua was not too surprised. He greeted them politely and said, "Hello, Secretary Liu and Secretary Dong."

Secretary Liu looked at Wang Shaohua in surprise. "Shaohua, why are you here?"

Wang Shaohua answered subconsciously, "Hello, Secretary Liu. I came out for dinner with my family."

As soon as he finished speaking, Wang Shaohua realized that the two secretaries seemed to be with the two people who were talking to Li Mu. He was also extremely shocked.

When Li Mu heard Wang Shaohua's address to the two people, he couldn't help asking Chen Ze in a low voice, "Who are they?"

Chen Ze's intuition was the most sensitive in this aspect. He immediately realized that this was a good opportunity to do a favor. He turned around and introduced them to Liu and Dong, "Gentlemen, let me introduce you. This is my good friend and one of the shareholders of Wanying Group, Li Mu."

Liu and Dong found Li Mu familiar. Now they finally remembered that the young man who was talking to Chen Ze was Li Mu, the famous Li Mu.

They nodded to Li Mu to show their goodwill. Chen Ze said, "Li Mu, these two are the leaders of the Construction Committee, Secretary Liu and Secretary Dong."

"Construction Committee?"

When Li Mu heard this, he suddenly realized that Chen Ze and Song Liang were having dinner with the people of the Construction Committee today. Could it be that the land could be started soon?

Thinking of the hundreds of millions of cash in his mind, Li Mu took the initiative to shake hands with the two of them in turn. At the same time, he did not forget to do Wang Shaohua a favor. He said, "I've heard Uncle Wang talk about you two a long time ago. I'll have to thank you for your care in the future."

Li Mu was a billionaire, and his main business was not in real estate. He did not need these two people to take care of him at all. Instead of saying so, he brought Wang Shaohua out mainly because he wanted them to take care of him in the future.

When Wang Shaohua heard this, he was also very nervous. He had just been suspended today, and Li Mu was trying to get favor for him in front of the first and second leaders. This huge change made him unable to react for a while.

Secretary Liu was impressed by Wang Shaohua in his heart. He did not expect that Wang Shaohua had such a relationship with Chen Ze. Dong Chengwei was not only surprised, but also panicked and scared. He even wanted to die.

This was really karma. He had just been punished this afternoon, and this happened in the evening. If he had known that Wang Shaohua had such a relationship one day earlier, he would not have punished him even if he was beaten to death!

When Dong Chengwei was at a loss, Chen Ze said to them, "Secretary Liu, Secretary Dong, please take care of Li Mu in the future."

Secretary Liu and Dong Chengwei immediately agreed, but they had different thoughts in their hearts. Secretary Liu wanted to win over Wang Shaohua as soon as possible, while Dong Chengwei was thinking about how to reverse the decision he had made today. He should not have punished Wang Shaohua. Now he had made such a big mess, and he did not know how to make up for it. Not to mention whether Wang Shaohua would retaliate against him, if Secretary Liu knew that he had just punished Wang Shaohua, he would definitely make trouble for him.

At this time, Chen Ze saw that he had said all the necessary greetings, so he said to Li Mu, "Brother Liang and I will not disturb you. Let's talk in private another day."

Li Mu nodded, "Okay, you go ahead."

Chen Ze and Song Liang politely said goodbye to Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua at the dinner table. Secretary Liu and Dong Chengwei also hurriedly said goodbye and left. After the group of people left, Wang Shaohua was still in a daze. He did not know Chen Ze, but he had heard of Wanying Real Estate. He knew that Wanying had just bought six pieces of land on the Third Ring Road. He did not expect that Li Mu was also a shareholder of this real estate company.

The most important thing was, who was the young man who chatted with Li Mu just now?

Why did the two secretaries seem to be so submissive to him?

Although he was puzzled, Wang Shaohua did not pursue Li Mu to ask, because he knew in his heart that it was difficult for an ordinary developer to make the two secretaries give him so much face. The only explanation was that the young man just now had an extraordinary identity.

After Chen Ze and his party left the restaurant, he and Song Liang said goodbye to the three, and then they left in a car together. After Secretary Liu, Dong Chengwei, and Dong Chengwei's classmate who worked in the bank watched Chen Ze's car leave, Dong Chengwei immediately apologized to Secretary Liu and said vaguely, "Secretary Liu, I really didn't expect you to be here today. When Guangli asked me to come, I didn't know you were here …"

Du Guangli, who worked in the bank, hurriedly echoed, "Yes, Secretary Liu, Chengwei was pulled here by me. If I knew you were here, I wouldn't have asked him to come."

Colliding with the top leader in the process of seeking connections could be a big or small matter. It completely depended on the broad-mindedness of the top leader and the perspective of the problem. Dong Chengwei dared not to be ambiguous on this matter. If Secretary Liu had a problem with him, he would definitely not have a good life in the future.

Secretary Liu naturally had a lot of problems with Dong Chengwei in his heart. In his opinion, when he was following Chen Ze, Dong Chengwei also followed him in without knowing why, which made him feel that it was much more serious than the leader who went to find the leader without permission. However, he naturally could not show this emotion on the surface. He just pretended to smile casually and said, "Private gatherings are livelier when there are more people."

After that, Secretary Liu patted Dong Chengwei's arm and said, "Chengwei, you guys talk. I have something to do."

What Secretary Liu was thinking about was Wang Shaohua, whom he had just met at dinner. Although he had not figured out the relationship between Wang Shaohua and Li Mu, it seemed that they were very familiar with each other. He had to find a chance to have a good chat with Wang Shaohua tomorrow.

When he walked to the car, the secretary opened the door for him. Secretary Liu got in and waited for the car to start and drive away. He immediately said to his secretary, "Xiao Lin, call Wang Shaohua to my office as soon as you arrive at the unit tomorrow."

"Wang Shaohua?" The secretary frowned and said, "He was just suspended this afternoon."

"Huh?" Secretary Liu frowned. "What's the situation?"

The secretary said, "Secretary Dong issued a notice. Wang Shaohua was criticized for being absent from work and was suspended for a month to reflect."

Secretary Liu blurted out, "This Dong Chengwei, what the hell is he doing!

Do you have Wang Shaohua's phone number? "

The secretary immediately took out a phone book from his briefcase and quickly found Wang Shaohua's phone number. He took the phone and asked Secretary Liu, "Secretary Liu, do you need me to call him now?"

Secretary Liu took out his mobile phone and said to the secretary, "You tell me. I'll call him."

Secretary Liu was about to make a phone call. On the other side, Dong Chengwei was sitting in his car, feeling uneasy.

He originally thought that Wang Shaohua was a pushover. He didn't expect this guy to have such a relationship. He suddenly remembered what Ma Bingliang told him today. Wang Shaohua told Ma Bingliang that his two-hundred-square-meter duplex was a gift from his daughter's cousin's boyfriend. At that time, Dong Chengwei also scoffed at it. But now that he thought about it, wasn't that Li Mu a billionaire?

Dong Chengwei had heard about Li Mu a long time ago. What happened to the Huang family of the Hongzhu Group a few days ago had spread throughout the real estate circle. Several high-ranking officials of the Construction Committee had a close relationship with real estate tycoons. Dong Chengwei naturally heard about it. In his opinion, Li Mu was simply a pervert. Not only did he beat up Huang Jinxiao in front of the police in the Western District Branch, but he also got his son arrested. That was not all. His website publicized the crime committed by Huang Jinxiao's son, causing a wave of public criticism. Now the whole Huang family was living with their tails between their legs. No one dared to appear in the public eye. Even the Huang family couldn't afford to offend Li Mu, let alone Dong Chengwei.

Dong Chengwei was panicking. He was afraid that Wang Shaohua would use Li Mu to take revenge on him. When he thought of this, he hated Ma Bingliang. This son of a b * tch, how dare he do this to me!

If I am implicated this time, I will not let this bastard off easily!

While secretly swearing that he would not spare Ma Bingliang, Dong Chengwei also called Wang Shaohua nervously. No matter what, apologizing first would always play a positive role. Now he couldn't think of anything else. The most important thing was to find a way to save the situation.

…

On the way back with Chen Ze and Song Liang, Song Liang was driving. Chen Ze sent a text message to Li Mu, telling him: "I have already talked with the bank. As long as the route of Line 10 is announced and confirmed to be through the East Third Ring Road, we can immediately get a loan of 6 billion cash from the bank at the lowest commercial loan interest rate. The process is very fast. It will be done in three days."

Li Mu replied: "Okay, you can decide the details with Brother Liang. I will take 1 billion to put out the fire first."

Chen Ze replied: "Okay, when the time comes, Jinshun International will also take 300 million from Wanying Group's account first. I want to speed up the construction of the race track and the club project."

"Okay, you guys decide, I have no problem with it."

Li Mu himself regarded the 6 billion as a treasury. Naturally, Li Mu would not have any problem with Chen Ze using the money to do what he wanted to do the most.

Chen Ze replied again: "Come to Wanying Group in two days. If you bet correctly, we will move immediately. At that time, we will discuss the specific operation of these pieces of land."

"Okay, I will take some time to go there in two days."

Six billion was a very large amount of capital. If these six pieces of land were to be converted into residential housing, the six buildings would also be in the tens of billions. After deducting the bank loans and various costs, if Wanying Group developed these six buildings themselves, the profit margin could reach at least 20% or more. Wanying Group could make a huge profit from this. However, Li Mu knew in his heart that it was too difficult for Wanying Group to develop these six pieces of land. The biggest problem was the lack of team support.

Moreover, to develop six residential real estate projects, even if they started at the same time, it would take at least two years. In Li Mu's opinion, Wanying Group couldn't spend the next two years on these six pieces of land. The most important thing was to use these six pieces of land to gather capital as soon as possible and quickly move towards commercial real estate. Otherwise, once it was delayed until 2004, it would not be so easy to do commercial real estate in first-tier cities.

In Li Mu's mind, he wanted to take out two or three pieces of land and let Wanying Group develop them into high-end residential real estate projects. He would then cooperate with other real estate companies to distribute the cake and let others help him make money. Although he would lose a part of the profit margin, in exchange, he would be able to release time and energy. More importantly, he would be able to release capital.

Li Mu's plan was to use all six pieces of land to activate the capital in the bank. Then, he would take out three or four real estate projects and cooperate with other real estate companies. Wanying Group would provide the land, and the other real estate companies would provide the capital. At worst, the other party would make a big profit, and Wanying Group would earn a broker's fee. However, this way, Wanying Group could save the capital to develop these three or four pieces of land. This capital could be used for commercial real estate projects, and the future profit margin would be much larger than a few residential buildings.

However, Li Mu didn't talk about this topic with Chen Ze through text messages. Instead, he planned to discuss it in depth with him and Song Liang after they met.

At this time, Chen Ze sent another message, "The National Real Estate Industry Summit is next Saturday. The location is set to be in Beijing. The Real Estate Association has sent an invitation to Wanying Group. It's not convenient for me to show up at that time. Brother Liang asked me to ask you if you're interested in going with him."

Li Mu asked him subconsciously, "Will all the real estate companies in the country attend?"

Chen Ze replied, "All the better real estate companies in the country will be invited."

Li Mu suddenly thought of Wei Lan. Although he didn't know what Wei Lan's family did, he instinctively felt that her family should be in the real estate business. He didn't know if she would attend this nationwide industry summit.

For some reason, Li Mu said, "Okay, I'll go and have a look."

…

Li Mu and Chen Ze kept texting. Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua had not come back to their senses. What happened just now once again refreshed their understanding of Li Mu in their hearts. At this time, Wang Shaohua's cell phone rang. The phone was from a strange number. As soon as it was connected, the other party introduced himself, "Shaohua, I'm Liu Limin."

"Hello, Secretary Liu …" Wang Shaohua was surprised. Why did Secretary Liu call him?

Secretary Liu said in the tone of a kind elder, "Shaohua, I've heard about what happened to you. Don't worry and don't take it to heart. Come to my office tomorrow morning. I'll make the decision for you."

Wang Shaohua's heart was in turmoil. He forced himself to calm down and said, "Thank you, Secretary Liu."

Secretary Liu said, "You don't have to be so polite with me. See you tomorrow."

"Okay, Secretary Liu. See you tomorrow."

As soon as Wang Shaohua hung up the phone, Dong Chengwei called. As soon as Wang Shaohua answered the phone, Dong Chengwei hurriedly apologized on the phone, "Shaohua, I'm really sorry about what happened today. It's all my fault that I didn't investigate it clearly. Don't take it to heart. Come to work as usual tomorrow. I'll issue a notice tomorrow morning to revoke all your punishment."

Dong Chengwei's attitude changed so quickly that Wang Shaohua was speechless for a while. He didn't know how to respond. Dong Chengwei said on the other end of the phone, "Ma Bingliang ran to me to slander you. He really has bad intentions. Shaohua, you can rest assured that I will investigate this matter clearly!"