Chapter 964

At Taobao's celebration banquet, most of the stars who had previously filmed TV commercials for Taobao were present.

Mo Wenwei, Zhou Jielun, Xiao Yaxuan …

In addition to these people, Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan, who had just returned from filming in Egret Island, were also present.

As the CEO, Li Mu was not the first to come out to open the ceremony. Instead, the current COO of Taobao, Lei Jianguo, was the first to appear. In his opening speech, he affirmed the efforts of all the people of Taobao, affirmed the amazing achievements of Taobao, and affirmed the great influence of Taobao on the entire Hua Xia e-commerce in the future. Then, it was Liu Shixiong's turn to appear.

Liu Shixiong was also a leader who was very good at boosting morale. If he was not placed together with Li Mu, his leadership temperament was very strong. This time, on the one hand, Liu Shixiong affirmed the achievements of Taobao, on the other hand, he also described the future of Taobao Express to everyone.

Although it was called Taobao Express, this was just a brand name for the users. Liu Shixiong preferred to call it Taobao Logistics, because in the future, Taobao Logistics' business would definitely cover the entire logistics field, not just express delivery services.

After Liu Shixiong's speech, he left all the employees of Taobao in suspense. He said that in order to reward everyone for their great efforts in this big promotion, the company deliberately prepared a generous reward for everyone. As for what the reward was, CEO Li Mu would personally announce it later.

Therefore, from the very beginning, everyone was looking forward to Li Mu's appearance.

However, Li Mu was still very good at controlling the rhythm. Naturally, the highlight couldn't be the first to appear, so he didn't immediately appear on the stage. Instead, he let the stars who took time to congratulate take turns to appear on the stage.

All the stars who came to support were singers, so everyone appeared on the stage in the form of a song and two paragraphs. After appearing on the stage, they first introduced themselves and congratulated Taobao on its achievements. Then, they sang a song and ended with a few words.

The arrival of so many stars made the employees of Taobao feel a lot more proud of the company. To be honest, Li Mu's generosity was really rare in the corporate field. Li Mu was simply the entrepreneur who was the best at using stars in this era.

To Li Mu, stars were like flintlocks in the era of cold weapons. Most generals didn't know how to use them, and couldn't use them to their greatest effect. However, because Li Mu was deeply influenced by the arrangement of troops, tactics, and strategies in the future, he knew very well that stars could play a huge role in the promotion of a company. Now that he had the largest Internet product and the largest Internet e-commerce platform, there were many stars and the cost was low.

This time, the 300 media reporters really caught the hot topic. Although Li Mu didn't appear on the stage, more than ten famous singers took turns to appear on the stage. Just this lineup alone was enough to write a page.

In the lounge provided by Kempinski, Li Mu, Du Wei, and Zhang Kexuan sat together and chatted. Simple Plan didn't all come this time. Everyone else had returned to Jinling after filming, only Zhang Kexuan came to Yanjing alone. This time, Zhang Kexuan came to Yanjing with an important mission, and that was to find Li Mu to write a song.

It was really a waste to rely on themselves. Although the four of Simple Plan really wanted to write their own original songs, because of their limited ability, the songs they wrote were really not good enough.

Because the tone of the previous songs was set very high, if they couldn't come up with a good song at this time, it could be said that they were temporarily busy with filming and had no time to compose. However, if they came up with a bad song that was not good enough, it would be a little unreasonable, and it would easily expose their true level.

Li Mu also knew that the movie was finished, and the next step was the intense post-production. The theme song and interlude song were also going to start recording.

At first, Li Mu just chatted with the two of them, but he didn't go straight to the point. When Du Wei came on stage to sing, Li Mu then said to Zhang Kexuan in private, "I've already written the theme song and interlude song for this movie. One theme song, three interlude songs. Two of these are prepared for you and Simple Plan, and the other two are for Du Wei. You can still announce to the public that these two songs are Simple Plan's own original songs."

Zhang Kexuan nodded and let out a sigh of relief in his heart, but on the surface, he said a little embarrassedly, "Even now, we still have to let you write songs for us. To be honest, we all feel a little bad, but our ability is really limited, and we can't write any good songs, so we have a plan. After a period of time, we'll just fade out of the music industry."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "You don't have to completely fade out. You can try to change your profession. Film and television is a very good choice. If this movie becomes popular, I'll let you shoot a few more youth idol dramas in the future. Maybe you'll become an A-list actor."

Zhang Kexuan smiled awkwardly and said, "Acting is not bad, but the other brothers are not so easy to deal with …"

Li Mu said, "Even if Simple Plan continues, Tianming and the other two are just your supporting roles. If you insist on being tied together, it's not very practical. In the future, sooner or later, you will still have to go solo." As he said this, Li Mu continued, "There are two biggest problems for you now.

One is that you don't have the ability to create original songs, and the other is that the form of a band is not popular in the country. Instead, I suggest that you go solo in the future, and then don't disband Simple Plan. I'll find a new lead singer for the three of them, and a lead singer with the ability to write songs. In this way, the four of you can be free. After you go solo, you can focus on film and television. As a singer, you can also sing songs written by others openly. At the same time, the other brothers can continue Simple Plan. Even if they don't have the ability to create original songs, they still have the reputation of Simple Plan and the ability to play musical instruments. So, finding a new lead singer who can write songs can be considered as saving them. "

Zhang Kexuan nodded and said, "What you said is very reasonable. If we are tied together, I'm afraid that we can't escape death in the end. If I come out, I can save everyone's situation."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "Resources can be integrated, but also separated. You can communicate with everyone first, but before the first half of next year, you don't have to consider going solo. I promised to release an album for you, so I must let Simple Plan produce an album with good quality and enough weight."

Zhang Kexuan said gratefully, "I won't say more words of gratitude. In short, as long as I still want to be in this circle, I will follow you."

Li Mu prepared four original songs for "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years". The two songs prepared for Simple Plan were: the theme song of the original movie "Those Years" and Wu Yuetian's "I Suddenly Miss You"; the songs prepared for Du Wei were "The First Day" and "Unfortunately Not You" by Sun Yanzi.

As for the theme song, "Those Years" was the theme song. "The First Day" was used as the interlude when the male and female leads had a good impression of each other. "I Suddenly Miss You" was used as the interlude after the male and female leads quarreled. "Unfortunately Not You" was used as the ending song. The female lead got married. The scene seemed harmonious, but in fact, what Li Mu wanted to express in the end was the regret of lovers not being together in the end. Therefore, at the end of the seemingly harmonious wedding plot, the female lead was left at the wedding scene, wearing a wedding dress and looking at the back of the male lead as he left, with a smile on her face, but in an instant, she released an unconcealable sadness. At this time, the music of "Unfortunately Not You" sounded, and the whole play ended.

Even though they were already married and at the wedding scene, the female lead still loved the male lead deeply in her heart. It was a pity that the two of them could not be together.

This was the core idea that Li Mu wanted to highlight in this movie, and it was also the selling point at the end to make people cry. At that time, he would use the powerful projection ability of YY to mainly promote it to young people, and it would definitely cause a huge response among the young people.

Originally, Li Mu wanted to use "The Brightest Star in the Night Sky" for Simple Plan. However, after careful consideration, if he used this song, it would be a little obvious to suppress the theme song of "Those Years". Therefore, he might as well keep this song and wait for the right opportunity to use it.

If the box office of this movie was good, he could totally make a sequel, and the sequel would be completely focused on the box office. He could find a screenwriter and let him think of a way to design some melodramatic plot, so that the male lead would like the female lead, and the female lead would also like the male lead. Then, something that would not lower the female lead's morals would happen, and the marriage of the female lead would be ruined, so that the male lead and the female lead would end up together. It was estimated that another wave of box office would be washed away.

The cultural industry had always been good at doing something like sequels. "The Fast and the Furious" was already shooting its eighth installment. For a youth drama that did not have a lot of investment, it would not be too much to shoot two or three more installments.

…

After a concert that was similar to a group of stars singing, the atmosphere of the entire celebration party had reached a climax. However, the real climax had not yet arrived. All the staff of Taobao, as well as the media reporters, were waiting for Li Mu to appear.

Thus, under everyone's expectations, Li Mu appeared as the finale. As soon as he appeared, he attracted a thunderous applause.

To the staff of Taobao, Li Mu was almost like a god. Not only did he lead them to create one miracle after another, but he also brought them a constantly rising income. The most cohesive team was the team that did well and earned a lot. Under such circumstances, team spirit would continue to develop on its own. There was no need for the leader to think of ways to mobilize and cultivate it.

Standing in front of everyone, Li Mu first thanked everyone for their hard work during this period, thanked the enthusiastic performances of the stars present, and thanked the media reporters who were invited to the celebration party. Then, Li Mu stretched out two fingers and said to everyone, "Tonight, I will only say two things. First, to thank all the staff for their hard work, the company will give all of them a rather generous bonus. The specific amount will be three months' salary. This amount will be reflected in the monthly salary for September that will be released in October. I have already communicated with the finance department. To let everyone enjoy a perfect National Day holiday, the salary and bonus that was originally scheduled to be released on the 10th of next month will be released by the finance department tomorrow!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the cheers and applause from the audience were deafening!

Three months' salary as a reward in one go. In this era, it was almost unimaginable!

Everyone thought they were dreaming when they heard this, but it was true. Therefore, in an instant, all the staff below the stage were filled with admiration and love for Li Mu. There were people whistling and shouting everywhere.

"Li Zong!

I love you! "

"Li Zong!

You are so handsome!! "

"Li Zong!

I want to give birth to your children!!! "

Even the media reporters were dumbfounded. Good lord, three months' salary was given out just for a bonus?

It was not the end of the year yet. Wasn't there going to be a year-end bonus at the end of the year?

This Taobao staff was too awesome!

At this time, Li Mu stretched out his hands and gestured for everyone to be quiet. But it took a few minutes for everyone to gradually calm down.

Then, Li Mu smiled and said, "You are so excited just because of this?

I only said one of the two things. Everyone must calm down. "

A male staff below the stage shouted, "Li Zong, the company is so generous, we really can't calm down …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I just like your good-for-nothing look."

There was a burst of laughter below the stage.

Li Mu immediately became serious and continued, "Let's get down to business. The second thing I want to announce is that the company will arrange for all employees to go to the Maldives for a nine-day vacation. The company will give everyone five days off and will take up another two weekends. What you need to do is to quickly buy sunglasses and choose a swimsuit. For girls, choose suitable sunscreen. Other than that, all your other expenses will be borne by the company!"

Although the Maldives was not that famous in this year, for this group of white-collar workers, they still had a certain understanding of the Maldives, especially the girls who were born to love traveling, love the sea, and love romance. When they heard that the company was going to pay for everyone to go to the Maldives for a vacation, almost all the female employees screamed in surprise.

At this time, Li Mu dropped another heavy bomb, "There is also a small additional benefit. All P6, M6, and above employees can bring a family member. All the expenses of the family member will also be borne by the company!

So, bring your husbands, wives, boyfriends, and girlfriends along and have a good time! "

"Long live Li Zong!!!"

The hundreds of people below the stage instantly went crazy. Before Li Mu appeared, the employees also communicated in private. Everyone was discussing how much bonus the company could give this time. Many people were looking forward to double the monthly salary, which meant that an extra month's salary would be enough as a bonus. However, they did not expect that Li Mu would actually take out so many unexpected benefits in one go!

The most handsome boss was the boss who was willing to share profits with his employees. Even if he was ugly like a dog, he would still be loved and pursued by all the employees. On the contrary, a boss who was unwilling to share profits with his employees, even if he was as handsome as Chen Guanxi, might not be as good as a pile of smelly dog shit in the eyes of the employees.

Li Mu could be considered to have raised the threshold of the three words "good boss" imperceptibly …