Chapter 251

PS.

Here's today's update, and by the way, pull votes for the Qidian 515 Fan Festival. Everyone has eight votes, and the votes will give some coins. Please support and praise!

Because he could only stay at home for two days, Li Mu could only ask Song Liang for help with the taxi company. At the same time, he asked Zhao Kang to stay for another two days. At least he had to wait until Monday to register the company, and then he would ask Song Liang for help with the relevant formalities and documents. The most important thing was to ask Song Liang for help with the loan. Li Mu's current plan was to invest one million and get a loan of two million. The first batch would be forty to fifty taxis.

After this was done, the rest was the operation and management, which could be left to Zhao Kang's father to explore slowly. No one would interfere with his operation.

Zhao Kang valued the taxi company the most. Even if Li Mu didn't say it, he decided to stay at home for a few more days to figure out the situation before going back. His school management was not strict, so it was basically no problem for him to miss classes. At present, he could also solve the plug-in problem online, so it would not affect him at home or in Yanjing.

After Li Mu explained the specific matters to Zhao Kang, he made an appointment with Su Yingxue in the afternoon to take the bus directly to Jinling Airport and take the evening flight back to Yanjing.

Papa Lee originally wanted to send Li Mu to the airport, but Li Mu really felt that his driving experience was too short. A Passat had not even driven a thousand kilometers. It was not safe to go to the provincial capital at night. When he went, he could play a role in the co-driver's seat, but when he came back, he would have to rely on himself. Li Mu was not at ease, so in the end, he did not agree to Papa Lee's request. Papa Lee had no choice but to drive Li Mu to the bus station.

Unable to resist Li Ma's request, she also went to the bus station to see Li Mu off.

Su Yingxue was also sent to the bus station by Su Weimin. This time, not only did Su Weimin come, but also his wife Fang Min came.

The purpose of Fang Min's visit was very simple. She just wanted to see Li Mu.

On Friday night, after Su Weimin took Su Yingxue home, he began to ask about the relationship between Su Yingxue and Li Mu. Recently, Fang Min happened to see Li Mu because of all kinds of reports on TV. Listening to Su Weimin's question, she quickly confirmed that the boy who was seen by her husband with her daughter many times was Li Mu.

Fang Min was quite curious about Li Mu. This time, she was not as paranoid as Su Weimin about her daughter's love affair. She just wanted to see Li Mu with her own eyes and see what the young man, who was praised by the Central Television, was like in reality.

Li Mu's parents were telling Li Mu to take good care of himself in Yan Jing. Su Yingxue's family of three walked into the waiting hall of the bus station.

Su Yingxue saw Li Mu first. She waved at Li Mu and then walked straight to Li Mu. Li Mu raised his head. He didn't expect to see Su Yingxue's family of three.

Su Yingxue's mother was very beautiful. Su Yingxue's appearance and temperament were mostly inherited from her mother. They looked very similar, so Li Mu recognized Su Yingxue's mother at first sight. Moreover, he had seen Su Yingxue's mother in high school, so he recognized her at a glance.

Fang Min learned from Su Weimin that Li Mu and Su Yingxue were classmates in high school. But she thought for a long time and couldn't find any impression of Li Mu in her past memory. When she saw Li Mu this time, she immediately made a quick comparison between the Li Mu she saw on TV and the Li Mu in front of her. Although Li Mu looked humble and introverted on TV, she could still see the hidden edge in his gestures. He could be so calm and confident in the interview of CCTV. Not to mention his peers, even many people who were ten years older than Li Mu might not be able to do so.

However, the Li Mu in front of her was very different from the one she saw on TV. There was no modesty, confidence, or sharpness in the eyes of the Li Mu in front of her. There was only the intimacy that a son showed in front of his parents and talked to them like a child.

Su Yingxue walked up to Li Mu. Su Weimin and Fang Min also walked slowly behind her. Li Mu pretended to be calm and greeted Su Yingxue's family with a smile. But when facing Su Weimin, his smile was a little awkward.

Su Yingxue also greeted Papa Lee and Li Ma politely. When Papa Lee and Li Ma saw Su Yingxue, they were more or less amazed.

Among the four parents, Papa Lee was the first to break the silence. He extended his hand to Su Weimin and said politely, "Hello, I'm Li Mu's father, Li Daoping."

Su Weimin braced himself and shook hands with Papa Lee. He nodded and said, "Hello, I'm Yingxue's father, Su Weimin."

Papa Lee nodded slightly and suddenly thought of Su Weimin's name. He was secretly surprised. Some time ago, when Guo Lin got into trouble, the people in Xiling Coal Mine were gossiping all day long. Although he had been laid off in advance, he had always lived in the Xiling Coal Mine community and heard a lot of colleagues talking about it. Later, the matter became more and more exaggerated and even the former director of the municipal bureau, Li Jiawei, was involved. In the end, Li Jiawei fell from power and the deputy director, Su Weimin, took advantage of it. Everyone knew that once Li Jiawei fell, he would definitely be the next director. However, Papa Lee didn't expect that Su Weimin was the father of his son's classmate.

However, as surprised as he was, Papa Lee didn't expose him. He just smiled and asked politely, "Are you sending your child to school too?"

Su Weimin nodded and said, "My daughter is in the same university as your son."

After saying that, Su Weimin looked at Li Mu with a slightly unhappy gaze.

Papa Lee looked at Su Yingxue in surprise and then looked at Li Mu. He then smiled and said, "That's pretty good. The two of them can have each other's company."

When he said that, Su Weimin looked a little uncomfortable.

What do you mean have each other's company?

Are you encouraging the two of them to fall in love?

Maybe it was because he felt that his words were a little ambiguous, or maybe it was because he saw that Su Weimin's expression wasn't right, but Papa Lee hurriedly explained, "I meant that the two of them can have each other's company on the way back to school."

Su Weimin was even more unhappy. It was better not to explain.

On the one hand, Su Weimin was instinctively very wary of the boys around his daughter. On the other hand, he felt that Li Mu was too strange. He was young and successful, and he had become the darling of the media. Such a boy must be very different from his peers, and there was a lot more uncertainty. The most important thing was that he must be very confident, and confident men were very attractive to women.

Just as Su Weimin was thinking about it, he looked up and found that his wife, Fang Min, was chatting and laughing with Li Mu's mother. They seemed to be very congenial. Li Mu and Su Yingxue were also chatting. Su Weimin looked at Papa Lee in front of him and felt even more uncomfortable.

At this time, the bus that Li Mu and Su Yingxue took began to check their tickets. They went to the ticket gate at the same time, accompanied by their parents. Li Mu turned around and said to his parents, "You can go back. I'll call you when I arrive."

Nanny Li nodded. Although she was a little reluctant, the reluctance in her heart was somewhat alleviated when she saw her son standing together with Su Yingxue. It was very strange. It was as if her subconscious was telling her that the girl beside her son could accompany him. When she saw her and the two of them, she felt a lot more at ease.

This situation was completely different with Su Yingxue's father.

He said goodbye to Su Yingxue with a gloomy face. After watching her get on the bus with Li Mu, he braced himself and walked out with Papa Lee and Li Ma.

After some forced politeness, Su Weimin took his wife, Fang Min, and left. As soon as he was more than ten meters away from Papa Lee and Li Ma, Su Weimin exhaled heavily and said with an embarrassed expression, "That boy Li Mu, I feel uncomfortable when I look at him."

Fang Min smiled and said, "I think Li Mu is very good. He looks good and energetic. The most important thing is that he is capable."

"What kind of ability?"

Su Weimin snorted and said, "Don't think that kid is a genius just because he got some 3321. This kid is not easy to deal with. At the age of eighteen or nineteen, he can call someone like Song Liang a brother."

"Really?" Fang Min said in surprise, "Is Song Liang very close to him?"

Su Weimin nodded and said, "Of course. Didn't I tell you that the first time I saw him, he drove our daughter home in Benz's car. Benz's car belongs to Song Liang. The second time I saw him, he took our daughter to dinner in the ecological park, which is also part of Song Liang's property. In addition, when his family's shop opened, Song Liang specially hung an advertisement for him for several days. What do you think is the relationship between this kind of person and Song Liang?

Do you think it's the relationship between their parents? "

Fang Min thought for a moment and said, "It's unlikely. His parents don't seem to be able to make friends with people like Song Liang."

"That's right!"

Su Weimin said in a somewhat irritated tone, "People like Song Liang look good on the surface, but they are not good people at all."

"How do you know?" Fang Min looked puzzled. "It seems that this person has a good reputation and is law-abiding."

Su Weimin curled his lips and said, "That's probably just on the surface. Anyway, I haven't seen many real estate developers who are really law-abiding. Song Liang is no exception!"

Fang Min said with a smile, "Let's talk about our daughter and Li Mu. Why are you talking about Song Liang?"

Su Weimin sighed and said, "I'm worried that our daughter will be deceived and suffer losses.

That brat Li Mu is precocious. If my daughter is with such a person, she will most likely be at a disadvantage. She must be more vigilant. But the most important thing now is that she seems to be a little stubborn. What should I do?

“

Fang Min said, "Well, I don't think it's better to think so much. Our daughter has her own ideas and principles. She won't act recklessly.

“

Su Weimin nodded and said with some confidence, "I hope so."