Chapter 125

These few days, the people of Baidu were going crazy.

It was said that there was a strange contagious disease among the senior management: jealousy.

As a result, the first thing the senior management did when they arrived at the company these few days was to understand the data on Easy Listening website and Tieba. When they saw the rising data on Tieba, these senior management could not help but be jealous.

A few days ago, they were planning to copy Tieba's model and use their own advantages to counter the disadvantage of Easy Listening website's Tieba being a singer's Tieba. They directly launched an all-star Tieba. In the end, before their technical development team could even write down the requirements, Tieba had already launched an all-star Tieba.

This made the company's senior management and technical director vomit blood more than three liters. Immediately after, Tieba made an even more awesome move: self-created Tieba.

Jack Zhou also tried this function and easily created a Jack Zhou Tieba. He felt that this was really interesting. When he thought of his wife, he used her name to create a Tieba as well. He immediately exclaimed, "Awesome, awesome!"

The vice president also tried it. He liked to play badminton when he had nothing to do, so he wanted to create a badminton Tieba. In the end, when he entered it, the badminton Tieba had already been created a few days ago, and now there were more than two thousand netizens following this Tieba. There were also many posts about skills and equipment. He was deeply shocked by the ability of Tieba to gather netizens who shared the same interests, idols, and pursuits. He even felt that the current Tieba could be valued at 50 million or more.

At this time, he looked at Hao123, which he was also following, and suddenly felt that Hao123, which he had been more optimistic about, was too weak. This navigation station was the same as the one before him. It could not retain users. Users came here, and a few seconds later, they went somewhere else. This feeling was too painful!

User retention and user stickiness had always been Baidu's pain point!

Looking at Tieba with this pain point, it was like a life-saving straw. It was a masterpiece!

It was a genius idea!

But why wasn't it Baidu's idea?!

Hence, he immediately reported to the CEO, hoping to acquire Tieba as soon as possible at all costs. It would be best if they could also acquire Easy Listening website. However, his pricing power was limited. This kind of matter needed the board of directors to make the decision together, so he had to quickly convene a shareholders' meeting to discuss it. Time waits for no one!

In fact, the current Baidu was not the tall, rich, and handsome person in the Internet industry. They had just started not long ago, and they were anxious to provide search engine services to other platforms. Although the founder, Li Yanhong, had brought a lot of investments when he came back from Silicon Valley, and there were subsequent investments, they had burned a lot of money along the way. They had not really figured out the profit model yet.

At the end of the day, Baidu was still feeling the stones to cross the river. If they were to use a large sum of money to acquire Baidu now, they would not be able to do so freely. Hence, they needed to discuss with the shareholders. If the shareholders unanimously decided to acquire Baidu, even if the company did not have enough money, they would still increase their capital to acquire Baidu. If they decided not to acquire Baidu, even if the company had enough money, it would be useless.

However, on Saturday, Li Mu took the time to go to his rented house and use the computer there to check his mailbox.

At the moment, there were a few companies that were interested in Tieba.

A certain Yi and a certain Lang were also very interested. They hoped to talk to Li Mu in person.

Li Mu only communicated with the other party's representative online and obtained a rough offer. However, he was not very satisfied with the estimated price. He wanted to buy Yiting and Tieba in a package, but the offer did not exceed 30 million yuan.

Li Mu temporarily rejected them with the reason that he was considering it. He was still inclined to sell to Baidu because he understood the principle that he had to sell things to the people who needed them the most in order to obtain the best conditions. Although selling the comb to a monk sounded impressive, it did not conform to market principles.

…

Near noon, Su Yingxue called Li Mu and asked him what he was doing. Li Mu said that he was surfing the Internet outside. Su Yingxue asked him if he wanted to have lunch together, and Li Mu agreed.

The two of them agreed to meet at a restaurant outside the school. Then, Li Mu turned off his computer, looked in the mirror, and went out.

As soon as the two of them met, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Are you busy this afternoon?"

Li Mu did not answer. Instead, he asked, "What's wrong?"

Su Yingxue said with some embarrassment, "There are a few of my junior high school classmates in our school. They insisted that I attend a gathering in Nansu Province in the afternoon. I don't really want to go, but I can't refuse, so I want to ask if you want to come."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "There are your junior high school classmates in the school?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "I attended junior high school in Jinling Experimental High School. I only returned to Haizhou after high school."

Only then did Li Mu remember that it had been so long that he had forgotten that Su Yingxue had attended the best junior high school in Jinling. Jinling Experimental High School had always been the cradle of college students in Jinling. There were both junior high and senior high school students, and the college entrance examination had always been the first in the province.

Su Yingxue's junior high school classmates there should also be top students. Moreover, Renmin University had a total of 50 to 60 students in Nansu Province in a year. It was normal for a few of Su Yingxue's junior high school classmates to be admitted to Renmin University.

Li Mu calculated in his heart and said in surprise, "Then, wouldn't there be a few hundred people in this gathering?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "Logically speaking, there should be so many people, so when the organizers organize the gathering, they usually gather separately. This time, they mainly invited us freshmen, and then the sophomores, juniors, seniors, and postgraduates. There are a few representatives from each school, so there should be a few dozen people."

Li Mu smiled. "My dorm mate Sun Jian is also from Nansu. Yesterday, he asked me to accompany him, and I agreed."

"Really?"

Su Yingxue was overjoyed and said hurriedly, "That's great. I don't want to go at all, but I can't refuse. It's good to have you with me."

Li Mu hadn't seen Su Yingxue in the past few days, so he asked her what she had been doing these days. Su Yingxue's reply was similar to Zhao Ziqiu's. Other than going to class and studying, she spent most of her time in the library. Su Yingxue said that she could choose her elective courses in the next semester, so she wanted to prepare in advance.

After hearing this, Li Mu asked awkwardly, "It's not easy to get through the third year of high school. Don't you want to relax?"

Su Yingxue smiled. "Isn't the summer holiday over?"

"How can it be the same?"

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "University is not the third year of high school. There's no need to make yourself like a learning machine."

Su Yingxue thought for a moment, stuck out her tongue and said, "But if I don't study, I don't know what to do. What should I do?

I can't just lie in the dormitory and sleep every day after dinner, right? "

Li Mu was convinced. He knew that he couldn't understand the world of a top student, so he laughed twice and said, "You're right …"

The time for the gathering was set at two o 'clock in the afternoon. It was said that the wind shelter was booked. After Li Mu and Su Yingxue finished eating, the two casually strolled outside the school. It was almost time. Li Mu called Sun Jian and arranged to meet him at the south gate of the school. He and Su Yingxue would also wait for him at the south gate.

Sun Jian quickly arrived and saw Li Mu and Su Yingxue together. He was slightly surprised, but when he thought that this school belle, who had recently become popular in the school, was Li Mu's high school classmate, he knew that she must also be from Nansu Province, so it wasn't strange.

Li Mu once again introduced Sun Jian to Su Yingxue, and then the three of them went to the wind shelter together.

When they arrived at the wind shelter, two senior students set up a small table at the door. They had already collected the information of the Nansu origin of the freshmen and made a form. Regardless of whether they received an invitation or not, as long as they were from Nansu Province, Renmin University, they could participate.

When Li Mu, Su Yingxue, and Sun Jian arrived at the registration place, they found that the two senior students were staring at Su Yingxue.

One of them quickly stood up and said with a smile, "Oh, it's Yingxue. Please come in!"

Su Yingxue pointed at the two students who had just registered and paid, and asked, "Don't we have to pay?"

The person hurriedly said, "Wu Shuai, the vice president of our gathering, has paid for you."

Su Yingxue frowned and asked, "Who is Wu Shuai?

I don't want him to pay for me. "As she spoke, Su Yingxue was about to take out the money.

The person blurted out, "Oh, don't you know Wu Shuai?

He's the most handsome guy in our school of economics. He's from Jinling, he … "

"Here, it's for the three of us."

Su Yingxue didn't give him a chance to continue speaking. She took out a hundred-yuan bill and put it in front of him.

That person looked embarrassed. "President Wu has already informed us, and we've already accepted the money he paid for you. If we take your money, it'll be hard to explain later. Besides, the accounts will be wrong, and it'll be hard for us to handle the extra money, right?"

Li Mu, who was next to him, said, "Is it wrong to have more money?

Then you can give your money to the students behind you. "

As he spoke, Li Mu pointed at a young man behind him and said, "Bro, you don't have to pay. A senior named Wu will pay for you."

"Ah?"

The young man was still stunned, and the two people in charge of registration looked at each other. At this time, Li Mu took out a hundred-yuan bill and gave Su Yingxue's money back to him. Then, he put his money in front of the young man and pointed at the table with his finger. "Hurry up and give me ten yuan. What are you thinking about?"

"This …" The two people were embarrassed. They looked at each other, and the person who received the money took out ten yuan and handed it to Li Mu. Then, he took out the register and said, "You two can register."

Li Mu thought to himself, "Are you blind? There are three of us."

However, when he took the register, he realized that they had already checked Su Yingxue's name. Li Mu despised them in his heart. He found his name and checked it. When he was about to look for Sun Jian, Sun Jian pointed at his own name and said, "Mine is here."

Li Mu nodded and checked Sun Jian's name. Then, he handed the register back to him. "Is everything okay?

Can I go in now? "

The man said hurriedly, "Wait a minute."

Then, he took out three number plates and handed them to Li Mu. "Each of you has a special number. Take it and go to the second floor directly."

Li Mu nodded and took the number plate. It was 50, 51, 52. Then, he gave 51 to Su Yingxue and 52 to Sun Jian.

When the two people in charge of reception saw that Li Mu had left, they took the register and found Li Mu's name according to the place where he had just checked. One of them said to himself, "Li Mu … This guy is really pretentious!"

The other person smiled and pointed at the place of origin behind Li Mu's name. He said, "See, he is also from Haizhou. He should be Su Yingxue's high school classmate. Besides, this guy is not bad looking. President Wu has a competitor this time."