Chapter 942

After dealing with Wei Lan's BMW, Xie Chenglong took a detour and entered an alley without street lights two streets away from the parking lot.

Last night, he had parked an old 125 motorcycle that he had bought from the black market in this alley. He had also hidden a bag of clothes under a dusty van that hadn't been driven for a long time.

When he came out of the alley, he had changed into a very inconspicuous worker's outfit. He even wore a shoddy motorcycle helmet and carried an equally inconspicuous backpack. Inside the backpack were the old clothes that he had just changed out of, as well as a pair of size 43 cloth shoes.

Xie Chenglong, who was riding the motorcycle to the suburbs, was quite satisfied with the series of kidnapping, evacuation, and aftermath that he had just completed. Even if the police found Wei Lan's BMW and turned it upside down, they wouldn't be able to find any clues related to him.

His "senior" had once told him that when the police investigated a case, clues were like fishing lines. They couldn't be broken, and even if they were broken, they had to find a way to continue. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to catch any fish. Therefore, when committing a crime, they had to find a way to cut off the clues. The more clues they cut off, the safer they would be.

The clues of fingerprints were cut off. After climbing over the wall with the size 43 cloth shoes, the clues of footprints were also cut off. When he entered the dark alley and changed his appearance to ride the motorcycle out, the clues were cut off again.

After cutting off the clues that the police would be able to trace in the future, Xie Chenglong was sure that he was absolutely safe.

This time, Xie Chenglong and Song Zhilei had come up with four main stages for the kidnapping of Wei Lan: kidnapping, collecting money, silencing, and absconding.

Right now, the main stage of the kidnapping had been perfectly completed. The next thing to do was to collect the money.

When Xie Chenglong arrived at the farmhouse, it was still ten minutes before midnight. As soon as he entered the yard, he immediately went to the central room and met up with Song Zhilei. The two of them chased the others outside and whispered to each other in the room.

Xie Chenglong said to Song Zhilei, "Everything that needs to be done on the scene is done. It's definitely foolproof. Now, it's time to call that Li Mu and ask for the money."

Song Zhilei nodded and said to Xie Chenglong, "Go threaten Weilan later and have her cooperate with us. Give her a little more hope and tell her that we only want money and not lives. As long as she actively cooperates with us to get the money from Li Mu, she can live."

Xie Chenglong asked, "You're not going to appear?"

Song Zhilei said, "I can't appear in front of Wei Lan yet. That bitch has a fiery temper. If she sees that I kidnapped her, she might yell at that Li Mu over the phone. I'll be f * cking done for."

Speaking up to this point, Song Zhilei grinned hideously and said, "When the time is right, I will naturally make an appearance. Moreover, not only will I make an appearance, but I will also strip her naked and show my sincerity to her!

I'll let her know that I'm not someone she can play with whenever she wants! "

Song Zhilei was not a fugitive. He kidnapped Weilan for money and revenge, but his ultimate goal was to safely arrive in Australia and start a new life with his family. If Weilan really yelled over the phone, with Li Mu's ability, he would definitely be put on an A-level wanted list. At that time, not to mention going abroad, he wouldn't even be able to get close to the airport. How was he going to go to Australia?

Xie Chenglong nodded and reminded him, "Brother Lei, I'm doing this with you. On one hand, it's to return the favor, and on the other hand, it's to earn some money for the rest of my life. I don't object if you want to play with a woman, but before it's done, I hope you can look at the big picture."

After saying that, Xie Chenglong paused for a moment, then said, "Tying up such a beautiful woman and placing it here, those bastards outside are going to f * cking stare at it. For these guys, many things can be done in a split second. I've warned them not to complicate matters before the matter is completed, but you'd better not stimulate the impulse in their lower bodies. If everyone is able to keep their nerves in check at this time, naturally, there won't be any problems. But if you can't control yourself and make the first move, everyone will be impatient. In that case, there will definitely be a big mess."

"Taking ten thousand steps back, even if there isn't a big mess, with so many people defiling her, what should we do if she can't get over it and kills herself?

What should we do if Li Mu wants to confirm that she's still alive before he gives the money? "

Xie Chenglong knew very well what kind of expectations and impulses a normal man would have when facing a woman like Wei Lan, especially those normal men who had never seen anything good.

Tying Wei Lan back was tantamount to letting a pack of hungry wolves watch over a delicate lamb. Every wolf couldn't wait to find an opportunity to take a bite first to satisfy their craving. At this time, the alpha wolf must fully set a good example and at the same time restrain the other members of the wolf pack. Otherwise, once the alpha wolf starts to take the first bite, the other wolves will definitely swarm over.

At that time, if the alpha wolf still tried to control the situation, he would definitely become a thorn in the eyes of all the other wolves. If the wolves were agitated and even ganged up on him, then everything would be completely out of control.

Song Zhilei knew that Xie Chenglong had rich criminal experience and was more obedient to what he said, so he nodded and said, "Don't worry, before it's done, I won't touch Wei Lan, and I won't let anyone else touch her."

Xie Chenglong nodded. He was experienced and didn't want Song Zhilei to be unhappy because of his reminder, so he said very sincerely, "Brother Lei, don't blame me for being cautious. If this thing doesn't work, we'll all die together. But if this thing succeeds and we get the money, you can go abroad to live with your sister-in-law and nephews. But I don't have this ability, and I still have to live in fear at home. So, I beg you to look at the big picture."

Song Zhilei nodded very understandingly and said, "Don't worry, Liuzi. Before it's done, I won't have sex with you. After it's done, I'll be the first and you'll be the second!"

A lewd smile appeared on Xie Chenglong's face. "With your words, Brother Lei, I'm really relieved!"

After that, Xie Chenglong stood up and said, "It's almost 12 o 'clock. I'll go talk to that woman and then call that Li Mu."

…

"It's almost 12 o 'clock …"

Lei Jianguo, who was beside Li Mu, muttered and then said to Li Mu and Liu Shixiong, "It's the last two minutes before the promotion starts. Do you want to make a bet?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Boss Lei, do you want to make a bet?"

Lei Jianguo laughed and said, "Okay!

1 billion to 3 billion, 1 to 1; 3 billion to 5 billion, 1 to 5 billion; 5 billion to 8 billion, 1 to 5; more than 8 billion, 1 to 10! "

Liu Shixiong laughed and said, "Okay, I'll bet 3 billion to 5 billion, 10,000!"

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "I'll remember this first. If it's lower than 3 billion or higher than 5 billion, you lose 10,000 to me. If it's within this range, I'll lose 20,000 to you."

Liu Shixiong laughed straightforwardly and said, "Okay!"

Lei Jianguo then looked at Li Mu and asked with a smile, "Li Zong, do you want to make a bet?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Okay, let's make a bet. I'll bet 10,000 in the range of 5 billion to 8 billion."

Lei Jianguo laughed and said, "Then I'd rather lose 40,000 to you!"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'd rather lose 10,000 to you in exchange for more than 8 billion in sales."

"8 billion …" The two of them looked at each other in disbelief. Boss Lei said, "Currently, Taobao has more than 30 million registered users, and there are less than 10 million monthly active users. There are only a few million users who have a habit of shopping in Shenzhen. If we can pull in 10 million users to participate in this promotion, to exceed 8 billion, each user's spending needs to exceed 800 yuan. 10 million users and 800 yuan per person, these two numbers are very difficult to achieve."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's really not easy to have 10 million users. The average consumption of 800 yuan does sound a little ridiculous. Based on reliable data, it's a conservative estimate that seven or eight million users will buy it, and the average consumption of 200 to 300 yuan per person will be much more realistic. Overall, the sales of about 1.5 billion yuan is absolutely safe."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said again, "However, it's not impossible to reach 800 yuan per person. This depends on another key data."

The two of them looked at him and asked, "What key data?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The number of orders per person!"

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "The 1.5 billion estimate just now is based on these deep online users. The most conservative estimate is that these 7 to 8 million people, if they buy according to their own needs, each person will probably spend 200 to 300 yuan on average. But what if we mobilize the attention of their families?

Sons want to buy some new clothes, daughters want to buy some skincare products, mothers want to buy some daily necessities, and fathers want to buy a razor … So, our 7 to 8 million people actually don't represent the purchasing power of these 7 to 8 million people, but the purchasing power of these 7 to 8 million families. "

"Moreover, this time, we have clearly stirred the nerves of the public. The same product can be bought at 30% cheaper here, and it's all directly supplied by the brand. A large number of non-deep online users will be very interested. In addition, we have a policy to encourage users to place orders on behalf of others. If they can provide these non-deep online users, or even non-online users, with a channel to place orders, I believe the data this time will be very shocking."

Liu Shixiong said with a face full of excitement, "That's right!

If the same 8 million users place orders, if each person places one to two orders, the average per person spending may only be 200 to 300 yuan. But if there are 8 million families, and each family places an average of 3 to 4 orders, the average per person spending can easily double!

There are simply too many possibilities! "

Right at this moment, the huge electronic screen finally changed to September 2nd. Everyone at the scene cheered and cheered. A huge online promotion that attracted the participation of the entire population had kicked off with a bang!

…