Chapter 1517

Just like in the Internet industry a few days ago, when Li Mu announced two support plans for the film and television industry, almost everyone in the audience could clearly feel the great power that Li Mu released with every word and sentence.

In this day and age, it was difficult to find a boss who was willing to invest ten million yuan to make a movie, let alone someone who wanted to invest billions. Li Mu had just casually outlined a pie that the entire film and television industry dared not even dream of.

Unlike those entrepreneurs who were good at bragging and bluffing, Li Mu was not a realistic "painter," but the magic brush Ma Liang, who could turn paintings into reality.

Among the entrepreneurs, "painters" made up the majority. These people liked to paint a bright future for others, but a painting was still a painting, no matter how good it was, it could not become reality.

Among these "painters", the weakest were the abstractionists and impressionists. Most people would frown and say, "What the f * ck is this? Who are they trying to fool?" When they saw what they drew, they would frown and say, "What the f * ck is this?

In the middle were oil paintings, printmaking, and Hua Xia painters. When ordinary people saw their paintings, they would not dare to believe that they were real, but they also did not dare to believe that they were not real.

The most powerful were the realistic "painters." This kind of people's paintings looked like they were real. When they painted a pie, people would want to take a bite out of it. When they painted a piece of money, people would dare to spend it. This kind of people was the best at cheating people.

However, ever since Li Mu started his business, he had fulfilled every promise he had personally made. Therefore, the whole industry was scrambling to eat the pie he painted.

When Li Mu first entered the film and television industry, even a small figure in the film and television industry was a precious resource in his eyes, not to mention a star in the film and television industry.

When he worked with Ning Hao, he was poor and dejected. When he signed Tang Wei, she was only a student in school. When he took over Huang Bo, he was struggling to play a small role.

However, as Li Mu's business grew bigger and deeper, he began to see the entire film and television industry as his own resource.

In the eyes of others, the film and television circle, or even the entire entertainment circle, would become an engine in Li Mu's grand strategy. The stars, directors, and bosses of film and television companies present today would directly work for him or work for him in disguise in the future.

In the future, when his own film and television base rose from the ground, at least half of the domestic films would be inseparable from his film and television base. Even if not all of the films would be shot in the base, some of them would be used.

With the continuous development of the Mu Ying ticketing system, most of the domestic box office would be generated through this channel in the future. No matter how much a movie sold, whether it made a profit or lost money, the ticketing system, as a channel to the user's wallet, would make its own profits.

When the cinema industry developed rapidly, he had three paths of development. The first was the self-run cinema chain of Makino Image. Although it might not be able to bloom in the whole country in the future, it would at least cover the first and second tier cities. The second was Wanying Real Estate. In the future, Wanying Plazas across the country would inevitably be paired with Wanying Cinemas. At the same time, it would also block the other cinema chains at the door. The third was his own screen fission plan. In the future, he might own shares in all the cinema chains across the country.

As for the resources of stars, YY and YY were the core of online promotion. With such a large number of users, it was equivalent to having the ability to create stars. Moreover, there was now Tieba, and soon there would be Weibo. Celebrity media would be completely in his hands.

In this way, the entire film and television industry would really be working for him.

From turning a person into his resource, to turning the entire industry into his resource, this was the best proof of Li Mu's explosive development.

...

At 8: 30 PM, the premiere officially began.

The lights were turned off, all the guests and audience took their seats, and the media stopped filming. The big screen began to show Ning Hao's first blockbuster, which was also in Li Mu's eyes, Hua Xia's masterpiece of pure comedy films — — "Crazy Stone."

The pace of this movie was very fast. It only played for a short two to three minutes before the audience was overwhelmed by laughter.

Every character was well-developed, every plot was exquisite, and every burden was executed successfully. The audience below the stage was rocking back and forth, unable to take their eyes off the movie.

In his previous life, Li Mu had watched this movie countless times. Many of the scenes and lines were memorized by heart.

In this life, although most of the cast and crew were retained from the previous version, due to the different era and budget, there was a certain gap.

In Li Mu's eyes, this gap was a good thing, because the overall quality of this version was better than the original version in his previous life.

As the only audience member who had watched both versions of "Crazy Stone," Li Mu's biggest feeling was that the picture quality was much better!

Because the budget was sufficient, Ning Hao used a better filming and lighting team, as well as better filming and lighting equipment. First of all, in terms of picture quality, this version was far better than the original version.

In addition to the picture, the movie scenes were more exquisite and well-developed.

In the original version of "Crazy Stone," most of the scenes were taken from dilapidated scenes, such as the temple, and the dirty guest house and bathhouse opposite the temple.

This was not a problem, since it was originally a place for small characters to mingle around. However, at that time, the conditions of the crew were limited, so there was no contrast between the rich and the poor.

The two characters, Mr. Feng, played by Xu Zheng, and the international thief Mike, were supposed to be synonymous with high class, but due to the lack of funds, their overall lives in the movie were very poor.

There were a few scenes that left a deep impression on Li Mu.

First, Mr. Feng's office did not reflect the atmosphere of a real estate developer.

Second, in the scene where Mr. Feng shot a live chicken with a crossbow, the surrounding environment did not reflect the luxurious life of a real estate developer.

Third, in the fashion design studio of the international thief Mike in Hong Kong, it was really a small tailor shop, and obviously did not look good.

Fourth, the character of Wang Xun's lackey, overall felt like a bumpkin. In terms of character design, his material foundation should be ranked third in the movie.

Throughout the whole movie, the most valuable prop in the crew was the old white BMW sedan that was used throughout the plot. It was difficult to create the atmosphere that a rich person should have. If this was not created, the audience would not be able to deeply feel the obvious gap between the rich and the poor, as well as the class gap.

And the most interesting thing was that, according to the plot, the broken BMW did not belong to Wang Xun, but to Mr. Feng.

Otherwise, there was no need for Wang Xun to hand over the driver's license of Guo Tao, the security captain, to Mr. Feng.

He was the secretary of a big real estate developer and knew all kinds of illegal secrets, but in the end, he did not even have a car, and in the end, he even lost his life. Such a secretary did not change jobs, perhaps because he had true love for his boss.

Therefore, watching such a low-budget movie, if it was not for the tight plot, excellent script, and perfect performance of the actors, it would definitely make the audience feel uncomfortable.

The original version of "Crazy Stone" was very attractive and funny, which was why it could barely fool the fact that the budget was insufficient.

In the new version, Ning Hao made a better structure for these scenes, to better portray the huge contrast between the different classes.

For example, the scene where Mr. Feng shot a live chicken with a crossbow in the back garden of his villa was specially shot in Yan Jing. In order to find a real big villa, Ning Hao did not even take a fancy to Li Mu's villa in Ziyun Villa. In the end, using the name of Makino Image, he borrowed the super luxurious villa of a real estate developer in Yan Jing to complete the shooting.

The courtyard of the villa alone was thousands of square meters, with a lawn, a swimming pool, a garden rockery, and everything else. Moreover, the semi-open garage could park six cars at a time.

The real estate developer had two Rolls-Royces, Bentley, Benz, Lincoln Navigator, and many other luxury cars. However, in order to have a more visual impact, Ning Hao borrowed the red Ferrari Enzo that Cai Zhengmao gave to Li Mu, and also borrowed an orange Lamborghini and a silver Aston Martin from the CSC Club to match with the villa owner's Rolls-Royce and Bentley.

In the movie, there was a five-second scene that scanned the semi-open garage from left to right. In just five seconds, the feeling of a super rich person was completely created.

In the movie, when the villa was shown, Xu Zheng's character was vividly and vividly set off.

In addition, the movie specially shot a scene where Xu Zheng hugged a beautiful woman and smoked a cigar in a luxurious villa. Because the villa was too luxurious, and with the effects of the lighting, the villa was simply filmed like a glittering palace, instantly bursting with the aura of a super nouveau riche.

Secondly, the interior of Mr. Feng's own office was shot in Shanghai, and he chose the best office building in Shanghai. This kind of setting was especially rich, and it played a huge role in the visual presentation.

In addition, whenever Mr. Feng went out, he would ride in an expensive Rolls-Royce, followed by four Benz S600, which definitely matched his identity as a real estate developer.

Even the character played by Wang Xun had his own new BMW 7 Series in the movie.

International Thief Mike's "Fashion Design Studio" chose the backstage of a fashion magazine that was specially designed for A-list celebrities. Not only was the decoration and design good, but it was also filled with all kinds of custom-made clothes.

In order to highlight the identity of International Thief Mike, the crew specially shot a scene where Mike flew in a luxurious first-class cabin to the mainland. This set of scenes overlapped with the scene where the local police discussed him. At the beginning, two police officers were talking to each other. "According to reliable sources, International Thief Mike is preparing to sneak into our city and wait for an opportunity to commit a crime..."

At this time, the scene changed. Click...

Michael, the international bandit played by Lau Tianwang, was sitting in the super luxurious first-class cabin where he could stretch his legs and lie flat. He crossed his legs and read a newspaper related to jade with a handsome and unfathomable smile on his face.

A beautiful flight attendant stood beside him, put on a square scarf for him, and served him steak and champagne.