Chapter 1181

Tom Cruise didn't expect that he would arouse such strong public anger on the Internet. In a panic, he kept asking his agent, "What do you think I should do now?

Is there any way to salvage the situation? "

The agent thought for a moment and said seriously, "Tom, I think the most important thing now is to get rid of this matter. The netizens are condemning you for taking on such a movie, so you should quickly issue a statement saying that you didn't know that this movie was a movie that praised extreme samurai, and that the Japanese culture you like doesn't include the inhumane spirit of extreme samurai."

Tom Cruise hurriedly said, "No problem, I can write a statement right now, but how much do you think this statement will do?"

The agent said, "I can't promise you anything. Maybe it will just ease the situation a little, or maybe it will have no effect at all. It depends on whether your statement can convince the angry audience."

Speaking of this, the agent hesitated for a moment and said, "Tom, to be honest, in my opinion, there is no way we can salvage the situation now, so it's better not to have any hope of salvaging it. What we should do is to cut our losses in time. It's best if we can immediately announce that we will withdraw from this movie, and at the same time, apologize to the people of the country and beg for their forgiveness."

"What?!"

Tom Cruise was furious when he heard this. "The movie is already halfway done, and you want me to withdraw?

How can I withdraw?

The compensation alone will cost tens of millions of dollars. More importantly, if I withdraw at this time, the Japanese consortium will definitely hate me!

What about the future? "

The agent blurted out, "You're still thinking about this at a time like this. If you wait a little longer, when the netizens' opinions escalate, it will be useless even if you withdraw!"

Tom Cruise said impatiently, "I'll write a statement first, and you can help me find the media to publish it. As for the rest, we'll observe first."

The agent sighed helplessly and said, "Now all the major media outlets are criticizing you, and you still want them to help you publish a statement?

Even if they are willing to help you publish it, they will definitely accompany the editorial comments to target you. "

Tom Cruise asked, "Then what should we do?!"

The agent was silent for a long time and said, "By the way, try to find Li Mu for help. If he is willing to help you publish your statement on YY, the situation will be much better."

"Li Mu?!" Tom Cruise said, "What if I don't know Li Mu?"

The agent thought for a moment and suddenly had a flash of inspiration. "Ask Spielberg for help!

He was now in Hua Xia and had a very good relationship with Li Mu!

They just signed a contract a few days ago, and the two sides are going to form a strategic partnership. If he is willing to help you put in a good word for you in front of Li Mu, it should be able to restore your reputation. "

"Spielberg?!" Tom Cruise seemed to have grasped a life-saving straw at once. He immediately said excitedly, "Good!

I'll contact him now! "

Li Mu didn't expect that Tom Cruise would ask Spielberg for help.

Spielberg pleaded on the phone, "Mr Lee, Tom is a very good actor. Didn't you tell me two days ago that you were very interested in him and hoped to work with him?

He is now in a lot of trouble because of an unintentional mistake. If you can help him, Mr Lee, I believe that when he gets through this, he will definitely repay you double. "

Li Mu said to Spielberg without hesitation, "Steven, I have already understood the situation with Tom Cruise. Please help me tell him that I will never agree to his request!

At the same time, on behalf of Hua Xia's 1.3 billion compatriots, I strongly condemn what he has done!

The American people will never forget the harm brought to them by the extreme samurai spirit, and the 1.3 billion compatriots of Hua Xia will never forget that anyone who supports the extreme samurai spirit is our enemy! "

Spielberg didn't expect Li Mu to react so violently to this matter. He immediately gave up pleading for Tom Cruise and hurriedly followed Li Mu's words and said, "You are right. This kind of behavior is really too much. It is unacceptable to the people of the countries that have been invaded by Japan."

Then, Spielberg added, "Everyone has to be responsible for their own actions. This time, let's treat it as a memorable lesson for him!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is the price he should pay."

After Spielberg hung up the phone, he immediately conveyed Li Mu's attitude to Tom Cruise and made it clear that he couldn't help him. This instantly shattered the glimmer of hope that Tom Cruise had just had!

Even Li Mu had such a big opinion of him. It seemed that he had really stirred up a hornet's nest this time!

...

While Tom Cruise was at a loss in New Zealand, the second wave of Li Mu's crusade began.

After all, as an Internet bigshot with more than ten years of experience ahead of the world, Li Mu knew how to stir up controversy on the Internet. In other words, he was now the bigshot in the world who knew how to slander someone on the Internet the best.

The title of Li Mu's new article was "Tom Cruise, How Many Compatriots' Blood Has Your Katana Been Stained With?"

The whole article was directly directed at Tom Cruise in an interrogative tone.

In it, Li Mu questioned him: "When you keep saying that you are obsessed with Japanese culture and the samurai spirit, do you know how many compatriots have died here?

When you picked up your katana and sang the praises of the extreme samurai in "The Last Samurai," have you ever thought about how many compatriots have been beheaded by your katana?

When you were convinced by Japanese samurai in "The Last Samurai," and willingly fought to defend the extreme samurai spirit, do you know how many righteous people have sacrificed their lives to oppose this anti-human spirit? "

After a few consecutive questions, Li Mu added in the article, "The nature of the commodity society and the upper class is all about profit, which makes our stars have no moral integrity to speak of in order to make money. As a public figure, shouldn't stars have more requirements for themselves and let themselves take on more role models in society?

Shouldn't they have a detailed understanding of the plot and historical background of a movie before taking on the role of a movie?

If even this most basic professional quality is lacking, how far will the industry fall? "

"As a public figure, if Tom Cruise took on this movie without knowing enough about history, it is enough to prove that the comprehensive quality of the actors needs to be improved. If he took on this movie with a full understanding of history, his motive is even more heinous, because the pain of the country is worthless to him.

No matter which one it is, it is unforgivable! "

At the end of the article, Li Mu also made an analogy: "If one day an actor takes on a movie that praises the Nazis, then please remember, there are two most terrible things. In addition to the actor who is willing to sing the praises of the Nazis, there are also the company that invests in this movie!"

As soon as this article came out, it quickly received the support of the vast majority of netizens. They raised their hands in agreement with the article and quickly continued to spread the article to the whole Internet.

Li Mu's article almost blocked all of Tom Cruise's escape routes.

At this time, Tom Cruise had been completely cornered by Li Mu, and he had no ability to resist at all. The result that Li Mu wanted was to make Tom Cruise unable to find any tenable reasons, excuses, and arguments when facing the criticism of the whole society!

In this way, he continued to add fuel to the fire and continue to pressure Tom Cruise. In the end, there was only one choice left for Tom Cruise: apologize and withdraw from the movie.

And Li Mu also wanted to force Warner Bros. into a corner, so that they had no choice but to stop the shooting of this movie, so that this 140 million US dollar investment would completely become an unfinished building in Hollywood!

In addition, Li Mu had a greater goal and pursuit, which was to let the entire Western society recognize the true face of the spirit of the Samurai. Through this incident, they would not dare to participate in any film projects that promoted Japanese culture!

...

In order to ensure the success of this matter, Li Mu decided to go all out!

Before this, in order to trigger this event on the Internet, Li Mu used all kinds of means to hide his identity. That was to prevent himself from exposing a bug in major logic. But now, the event had become a hot topic on the Internet. At this time, he could openly participate in it.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately called the person in charge of YY English website and gave him two tasks:

First, from this moment on, he had to fully and fully follow up the events related to "The Last Samurai", and carry out rolling reports on YY English website for 24 hours. At the same time, the headlines of the pop-up news for the next three days would be reserved for this incident. He had to push the influence of this incident to the extreme.

Second, he had to invite Hua Xia and other well-known American authors to write articles for this incident. The argument of the article must be extremely clear, and everything must be based on "vigorously condemning those who promote the spirit of the Samurai".

After that, Li Mu called Wang Nan, the editor-in-chief in charge of YY Chinese portal, and asked him to vigorously publicize this incident on YY Chinese website and in YY's daily push in the Hua Xia region.

In addition, Li Mu also called Zhao Kang, who was busy with the chain of Internet cafes, and gave him a request. After YY Chinese website vigorously publicized this incident, he had to immediately mobilize the Internet Water Army to add fuel to the fire on the Internet. He had to arouse the enthusiasm of domestic netizens to discuss this incident, and at the same time, find a way to guide them to support American netizens on the Internet.

The first half of Li Mu's request was very clear to Zhao Kang, but the second half was a little confusing to him. He asked Li Mu, "Support American netizens?

How do we support them? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's very simple. Find a way to mobilize Hua Xia netizens who can speak English to the American Internet. Let them add fuel to the fire this time, and leave comments on the relevant content on the American Internet to clearly express their support. They can't just support it, but they also have to use certain speech skills."

As he said that, Li Mu gave an example and said, "For example, let all netizens reply to the posts of American netizens with the following sentence: 'The Hua Xia netizen delegation is here to support, justice will prevail!

Let the American netizens know that in this matter, Hua Xia netizens are comrades in the same trench as them. This large-scale mobilization is to support them and support justice! "