Chapter 1448

Li Mu's words enlightened Mark Zuckerberg!

First, create a fuse!

Then, all the individual target groups could be ignited at once at an extremely fast speed!

Thinking about it carefully, every product of Makino's headphones had such a "fuse". YY's fuse was the earliest Happy Farm, Paradise Town's fuse was completely based on social media, and the same was true for Plants vs. Zombies Online. YYtunes quickly became popular because of the interest of social media based on music.

Li Mu quickly pushed all the products to the world. The reason was to create a fuse that could tie together users all over the world and ignite all at once. Once the users were ignited, the product would naturally explode.

After thinking about this, Mark Zuckerberg immediately began to reflect on himself. How could Facebook find its own fuse?

Or, what was really suitable for Facebook to use as a fuse?

After thinking about it, he still could not figure it out.

Sometimes, the direction could be figured out in an instant, but the path would take a long time to figure out.

Just as Mark Zuckerberg was lost in thought, Li Mu said to him, "There's an old saying in Huaxia, 'The Great Way is the simplest,' which means that the ultimate truth is extremely simple. If you want to find the truth, you must first understand the principle. For example, you know that the earth rotates from west to east, so you can understand why the sun always rises in the east and sets in the west."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "For Facebook, the ultimate truth is to allow it to develop explosively. Once you understand this, the rest is to explore the source of the explosive growth. For example, in my opinion, the biggest problem of Facebook at this stage is that users do not have the motivation to develop themselves. Almost every user has to rely on you and your team to develop. There are 17 million college students in the United States. Using this kind of stupid method, how much power do you need to drive them all?"

"Develop themselves …" Mark Zuckerberg was deep in thought.

About a few minutes later, Mark Zuckerberg suddenly raised his head and said in surprise, "I understand, Li Zong!

Just like the Happy Farm that you created in the beginning, networking is the key factor in driving the development of the Happy Farm's users. Because they need more connections in the game to make the game more interesting, they will take the initiative to invite others to join the game. This will form the habit of users taking the initiative to encourage more users to join the game, right? "

Li Mu nodded, "That's right, it's a little interesting. Continue."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Facebook's top priority now is to find the motivation for users to develop on their own. Only then can we mobilize the power of users to promote the development of the product. In other words, we have to break the current situation of Facebook's closed-loop development within major universities, and then let everyone actively invite more friends to join this product!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The direction is right. The next step is to follow this direction and find the most suitable method."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Then I'll think about it when I go back!"

Li Mu said, "As the person in charge of the project, you naturally have to think more and think more. But I can give you a small suggestion now."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly said, "Li Zong, please tell me!"

Li Mu said, "If you want the product to develop like a plague, you must make the product have the ability to break through group restrictions. For example, what Facebook lacks now is interaction between a certain university and countless other universities. In other words, you have to make Facebook users more interested in other Facebooks outside of their own university. Based on this point, I have an idea for you to consider."

Mark Zuckerberg suddenly became excited and quickly said, "Li Zong, please guide me!"

Li Mu did not immediately say his solution. Instead, he asked him, "Mark, where are you from?"

Mark Zuckerberg subconsciously replied, "I'm from New York."

Li Mu asked him again, "Which school did you go to in high school?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Phillips Exeter Academy, a private high school."

Li Mu nodded and asked again, "Are your high school classmates still in contact?"

"Some of them."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Only some of them are still in contact. Many of the others have lost contact."

Li Mu asked him again, "Now that you think back to your high school days, is there anyone you really want to contact now but don't know how?"

"Yes."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "It's a girl I had a crush on in high school. Her name is Jenny."

Li Mu asked him, "Where is she now?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "At Stanford."

Li Mu asked again, "Then have you tried to ask your former classmates for her contact information?"

"Yes."

Mark Zuckerberg said truthfully, "But none of my friends are familiar with Jenny, and they don't have her contact information. However, they can help me find Jenny's good friends, but I backed off because I was afraid that Jenny didn't even know who I was …"

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "Then, why don't we give Facebook a new function so that people can find each other's Facebook page through key information such as the other person's name, the other person's place of origin, the other person's primary school, middle school, high school, and university?

For example, if you want to contact Jenny or want to know her current situation, you can go to Facebook and search for Jenny, who attended Phillips Exeter Academy in high school and is now studying at Stanford.

If Jenny also happens to have Facebook, then you can see her personal page, see her photos, and see her current situation. You can also boldly say hello to her and tell her that you are Mark Zuckerberg from Phillips Exeter Academy. If she remembers you, she will accept your friend request, and then the two of you can reestablish contact on the Internet. "

Mark Zuckerberg's eyes instantly lit up. He said excitedly, "I understand, Li Zong!

We want Facebook to break through the walls of colleges and universities and provide a chance for college students to find friends outside of college! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's like this. People from a college come from all over the world. Although most of their social time is limited to the campus, before they enter the university, they must have other social circles. Maybe it's old friends who haven't been in touch for years, maybe it's a crush, or even an ex-lover. Although they can't find their contact information, as long as they have Facebook, they have a good chance of finding them. In this way, Facebook will break through the walls of the campus and have the ability to develop on its own. This is like suddenly opening a port to the outside of the local network. The changes it can bring may be groundbreaking. If you operate this well, it is very likely that in three to five months, the use of Facebook among college students will reach 80% or even higher."

"I understand!"

Mark Zuckerberg said excitedly, "This is a perfect entry point. If we can operate it well, Facebook will definitely usher in the explosive growth that you mentioned!"

Li Mu said, "In the near future, the Internet industry will definitely give birth to a giant in the field of social networking. Facebook may seize this opportunity, but the key is how you operate it. For now, for you, Facebook has no competitors, which means that there will not be too much pressure on you in the early stage of development. It might even be as comfortable as wandering in the blue sea, but it also means that it is easy for you to slow down or take a detour.

If there is no competitor for a long time, it will be fine. There will be enough time for you to develop, and you will have enough opportunities to keep trying and adjusting yourself. However, if there are many competitors, a small mistake can lead to a tragic end. So I hope that you will always be vigilant and treat it as if you are fighting in the red sea, not enjoying it in the blue sea. "

In the early years of QQ's development, Ma Huateng made countless mistakes. Many of them were fatal in the eyes of the Internet industry ten years later. However, because there were no strong competitors in the field of instant messaging at that time, it gave Teng Xun time to make mistakes, realize his mistakes, and then correct his mistakes. However, after his rebirth, Boss Ma was not so lucky. He did not even make a mistake. It was just a little bit of carelessness, and he used Happy Farm to steal his secrets.

Although Facebook did not meet any decent competitors in his previous life, no one could say what would happen to the Internet industry in this life. When Mark Zuckerberg founded Facebook in his previous life, no one knew about it. However, in this life, because of his care and investment, he had become very famous in Silicon Valley. This also caused Facebook to be unable to keep a low profile in Silicon Valley. It was very easy for people to discover the potential of this business model. In this way, the blue sea would soon become the red sea. If Mark Zuckerberg could not speed up during this process, it would be very difficult for Facebook to reach the heights it had in his previous life. It might even be intercepted halfway.

After reminding Mark Zuckerberg, Li Mu said to him, "Recently, make changes in the product structure and product promotion. It's too slow to promote it from university to university. Try the method I mentioned just now. When the time comes, I will arrange for Makino Technology to make a soft advertisement for Facebook. The core of the soft advertisement is a boy from a university who has been secretly in love with a girl since high school. Later, the two went to school in different places and lost contact with each other. However, the boy found the girl he liked through Facebook and mustered up the courage to confess online. Later, he found out that the girl actually had feelings for him, so the two finally got together. You have to prepare this story properly first. Don't let anyone see through it."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu said to him, "Also, when the time comes, I will also get someone to pass a message through the soft advertisement. Tell all university students, and even those who have been to university, it's best to register a Facebook account and complete their information. If you register a Facebook account and fill in your information truthfully, the person who has a crush on you will be able to find you here. This is the key to stimulating potential users. When you do promotion in the future, you must also convey this concept to potential users."