Chapter 1189

In Edward Zwick's eyes, Mayer's only flaw was Hirata Jiro!

Didn't Mayer say that Warner Bros. was the one who invested in this movie?

He was lying!

The investor behind this movie was actually Hirata Jiro!

He was very clear about the insider trading between Mayer and Hirata Jiro. Hirata Jiro had invested all the money, but he had only used a few shell companies to take up 50% of the profits. He had given the remaining 50% to Warner Bros.

In return, Mayer had to help Hirata Jiro make this movie, and he had to make it a masterpiece. On the other hand, he had to help Hirata Jiro hide the truth!

Hirata Jiro was not short of money. Giving Warner Bros. 50% of the profits as a commission was nothing to him. All he wanted was to achieve his goal.

Mayer had deliberately hidden this information. In Edward Zwick's eyes, Mayer wanted to exaggerate the fact that Warner Bros. had invested in this movie as an accident, an unintentional mistake.

If the public knew the truth, Mayer's lies would fall apart on their own!

Mayer had taken so many benefits from the Japanese to make this movie. It was obvious that he knew the Japanese's intention in investing in this movie. He was simply a lackey who worked for money. All of this had been part of his plan, and it was not an unintentional mistake at all!

Edward Zwick was now overwhelmed with anger. There was only one thing on his mind. He had to tear apart Mayer's hypocrisy!

He had to let the whole world know what kind of person he was!

Otherwise, when the press conference was over, he would have to take all the blame!

So, Edward Zwick pulled Tom Cruise aside and told him his plan. "Tom!

We will wait here. When all the media come out, we will immediately reveal in front of all the media that Warner Bros. had taken the Japanese's money to make this movie. This is the only way to break Mayer's lies. Otherwise, our reputations will be ruined in the future! "

Tom Cruise was a little tempted at this moment!

Edward Zwick was right. If this was revealed, then all of Meyer's lies would be shattered, and all his efforts today would be in vain. More importantly, when his lies were exposed, the people would be even angrier at him. At that time, the media and the people would definitely aim all their firepower at him, and the situation between him and Edward Zwick would be greatly alleviated.

Almost at the moment when he was about to agree, Tom Cruise suddenly thought that if he exposed Hirata Jiro, wouldn't he offend Hirata Jiro?

As the core strength of Vanity Fair, celebrities were much more sensitive than directors in this aspect. Therefore, you would always see a group of celebrities surrounding Boss Ma and making a lot of money with him, but rarely would you see a director fawning over him. This was the huge difference brought about by different roles.

Tom Cruise didn't want to offend Jiro Hirata.

However, Tom Cruise didn't want to be fooled by Meyer like that.

An idea came to Tom Cruise.

It would be great if Edward Zwick were to reveal Hirata Jiro's identity!

If he exposed Hirata Jiro and exposed Meyer's lies, the pressure on him would be greatly reduced. As long as he didn't expose Hirata Jiro's secrets, he would naturally not offend him. In this way, it would be a hundred benefits and no harm.

However, Tom Cruise was also wondering if Edward Zwick would agree to expose Hirata Jiro himself.

If he didn't agree, wouldn't everything be for naught?

After thinking about it, Tom Cruise felt that he should deal with this matter in a more technical way.

How could he deal with it to achieve his goal?

He had to find a way to make Edward's anger stronger and make him lose his mind.

After a while, Tom Cruise had an idea. He said to Edward Zwick with a tired face, "Forget it, Edward. There's no need to lower yourself to Meyer's level. Let him say whatever he wants. I'm tired, and I don't want to continue this."

Tom Cruise sighed, patted him on the shoulder, and said, "I'm leaving. You'd better get over it. Don't waste your time here."

Edward Zwick had already regarded Tom Cruise as his only ally. He didn't expect Tom Cruise to drop the ball at such a critical moment. He suddenly became anxious and blurted out, "Tom!

How can you be so submissive?!

You have to know that this is our last chance to turn things around!

If we don't seize it, we'll really be finished! "

Tom Cruise laughed self-deprecatingly. "If it's finished, then it's finished. I'm tired and want to rest. At most, I won't be in this circle anymore. My current wealth is enough for me to live a carefree life."

After that, Tom Cruise waved at him and said, "It's up to you whether you want to go or not. I'm leaving."

Seeing that Tom Cruise was about to leave, Edward hurriedly shouted, "Tom, don't go, Tom!"

Tom Cruise didn't look back. He called out to his agent and assistant and left the scene without hesitation, leaving Edward Zwick alone.

Edward Zwick was even more furious at this moment!

He had finally found a way to break the deadlock. He had been waiting for Tom Cruise to cooperate with him, but he didn't expect Tom Cruise to run away!

Edward Zwick was naturally extremely unhappy to be abandoned by his comrade at such a critical moment.

"Damn it, coward!"

Edward Zwick looked in the direction in which Tom Cruise had left and cursed. Then he said to himself, "You're willing to be a dog with your tail between your legs, but I'm not!"

Thinking of this, Edward Zwick had already decided that even if Tom Cruise gave up, he would fight Meyer to the end!

…

Twenty minutes later, the press conference ended.

Meyer waited for the executives of Warner Bros. to leave and went straight back to the lounge. The media reporters began to pack up their equipment and left in an orderly manner.

What they didn't expect was that Edward Zwick had been waiting outside the main entrance of the venue for a long time.

When a large number of media reporters began to pour out, Edward Zwick appeared in time and suddenly attracted the attention of countless media reporters.

At this time, Meyer had made her attitude clear, and she was very sincere. Therefore, the hot news that everyone wanted to catch the most next was about Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise. Coincidentally, just after the press conference with Meyer, they saw Edward Zwick outside the conference venue.

Edward Zwick, who was angry, called all the media reporters to him and then said indignantly, "Everyone, don't be deceived by that liar Meyer!

He's full of lies, not a single word is true! "

Edward Zwick directly attacked Meyer as soon as he came up. Under the influence of his anger, Edward Zwick's rhythm had reached an extreme.

The media loved celebrities quarreling the most. Edward Zwick's accusation of Meyer made all the media reporters realize that a major piece of news was about to be born, so everyone asked why.

Edward Zwick's second sentence was earth-shattering.

"'The Last Samurai' is not as simple as Meyer said. It's not as simple as a script that Warner Bros. chose unintentionally. The 140 million US dollars of investment for this movie was all funded by the Japanese consortium. Warner Bros. did not spend a penny at all!

Not only that, Meyer and Warner Bros. had an agreement with the Japanese consortium. If they helped the Japanese consortium shoot this movie, the Japanese consortium would give 50% of the shares to Warner Bros. "

Japanese consortium?!

This sentence completely blew up all the media reporters!

This was a movie that promoted the spirit of Japanese samurai. If it was really funded by the Japanese consortium, then this news would be too shocking!

Edward Zwick's mind was filled with thoughts of exposing Meyer's lies. Under the questioning of the media, he almost revealed Hirata Jiro without hesitation. After revealing Hirata Jiro, he was afraid that the media reporters would not believe him, so he continued to reveal more shocking news. "In fact, before the script was leaked, Hirata Jiro wanted to add another 60 million US dollars to the budget. If the script had not been leaked, I'm afraid that the movie would have been raised to a super high budget of 200 million US dollars. His purpose is very simple. He wants to use this movie to promote the spirit of Japanese samurai!"

…

Edward Zwick's revelation was like a nuclear bomb detonating. Not only did it cause the incident to receive more attention, but it also revealed all the secrets behind the scenes.

All of Meyer's efforts had been destroyed.

Hirata Jiro, who had just breathed a sigh of relief, almost smashed up his office!

His assistant, who was preparing to assassinate Meyer and frame the people of Hua Xia, was urgently called back. The situation that Hirata Jiro was most afraid of had happened. Now, he had suddenly become a live target of hundreds of millions of people. If he killed Meyer at this time, no one would believe that it was Hua Xia's people who did it. He would definitely be the primary suspect.

Mayer hated Edward Zwick to the core. She wanted nothing more than to rush out and kill him. All her efforts had gone to waste because of him. Not only that, but because she had lied in front of the whole world, she was completely done for!

However, Meyer would not have thought that because Edward Zwick had revealed Hirata Jiro's identity, his own life was temporarily saved.

For a time, Hirata Jiro became the target of all the media's reports. Countless information about him began to be dug out bit by bit.

Although Li Mu had guessed that there must be a Japanese capital behind this movie, he did not expect that the other party would be such a powerful force. Although he seemed to be worth more than ten billion dollars now, compared to Hirata Jiro and the power behind him, he was still far behind. They were not on the same level at all.

This made Li Mu feel like he was trying to poke a hornet's nest, only to accidentally provoke a pack of wolves. None of the beasts in the wolf pack was something that he could not fight head-on.

Fortunately, he had handled this matter very cleanly, and the wolf pack did not notice that he was a potential enemy.