Chapter 478

Li Mu could feel that Chen Ze was in a much better state than him.

For him, there were only two pursuits left in his life. One was the race track and the CSC Club project, and the other was Dufy. His ideals and love had already begun to take shape.

Fortunately, he had made great progress in both of these matters.

As for the race track and the CSC Club, the location of the track had already been decided. Chen Ze had also obtained the land use approval from the government. This involved the compensation for the farmland, and it would be carried out according to the national standards. Chen Ze and Li Mu wanted to deal with the land requisition matter quickly. They needed to quickly requisition, quickly compensate, and quickly start construction to remove all worries.

As for Dufy, she had already begun to prepare to return to China. In the future, not only would she be responsible for the CSC Club's supporting design, but she would also be the future designer of Yanjing Wanying Real Estate.

Chen Ze said to Li Mu over the phone, "The entire design plan will probably take another month or so. We will start the land requisition compensation in this month, but we both have no experience in this kind of thing. Do you think we should ask Brother Liang to come over or send someone over to deal with this problem?"

Li Mu said, "I'll call him later and ask for his opinion. If he doesn't have much on hand, ask him to come over and leave the professional matters to the professionals."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Then I'll leave this matter to you. You can talk to Brother Liang and ask him to come over as soon as possible. Hurry up and expropriate the land. Then I can rest assured."

Li Mu agreed and Chen Ze said, "I've already asked you to come out for dinner. Are you still busy these few days?"

Li Mu said, "How about tomorrow night?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Sure, I'll arrange it tomorrow night."

"Forget it."

Li Mu said, "This meal should be arranged by me. Don't fight with me, or else I won't go."

Chen Ze said, "Fine, you have the money anyway, I'll listen to you."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu immediately contacted Song Liang. He did not directly say that he wanted Song Liang to come to Yan Jing, but first asked him if he was busy.

Song Liang replied to Li Mu with four words: "Bored to death."

It was really meaningless. Since the company was registered in Yanjing, Song Liang's heart had already flown away.

Haizhou was too small. If he spent a lot of effort to complete one or two real estate projects, he could only earn tens of millions of yuan by selling them all. He also had to share the money with various shareholders and build various relationships. Moreover, Song Liang also understood that Haizhou did not have much room for development. This city was not a transportation hub, and it was not a tourist attraction. The future real estate market could be seen at a glance.

Since the last time he went to Yan Jing to meet Li Mu and Chen Ze and talk about setting up a real estate development company together, Song Liang had moved his dream of the future from Haizhou to Yan Jing, which was countless times more vast. He had already registered the company and prepared everything, waiting for Li Mu's call.

Li Mu said, "The project of the racing track and the club is about to start. Chen Ze and I are not professionals in the land requisition here. Brother Liang, if you have nothing to do, come over and help deal with this matter first. Then when the design plan is all out, we can arrange for the contractor to start the construction."

"Okay!"

Song Liang said with a smile, "Then I'll deal with the things at hand tomorrow and the day after tomorrow with a few assistants."

Li Mu said happily, "That's great. There's something else I want to discuss with you face to face."

Song Liang said, "Okay, then I'll arrange for most of June to be in Yan Jing. If there's any problem, feel free to contact me."

As for the real estate development, Li Mu's mind was not only about the racing track and the club project in front of him, but also his plan to build an office building for Makino Technology, as well as his plan to let Wanying Yan Jing get involved in residential real estate.

There were still a lot of places in Zhongguancun where high-rise buildings could be built. When Li Mu was considering the location of the future Makino Technology Building, he thought of a problem. Subway Line 10 was the main traffic artery of Zhongguancun in the future, and the opening of Line 10 played an important role in the history of rising housing prices in Yan Jing. Thinking about it carefully, Subway Line 10 was one of the projects presented to the Olympic Games. Before the 2008 Olympic Games, Yan Jing opened three subway lines, including the Airport Line, the No. 8 Olympic Line, and Line 10.

In terms of population coverage, carrying capacity, and influence, Line 10 was the most powerful.

After the completion of the first phase of Line 10, not only did it connect more than half of Yan Jing, but it also completely revitalized Zhongguancun. It became more and more convenient to work in Zhongguancun, so a lot of companies gathered in Zhongguancun.

It was only 2002, and there should be at least a year before the construction of Line 10 started. Li Mu remembered some of the history of Line 10. Although the concept of this line had been proposed a long time ago, in 2002, the municipal government was still arguing about the specific direction of the line.

Before the specific plan was made, it was most important to prepare in advance and find a way to buy land. Li Mu wanted to build the Animal Husbandry Technology Building near the subway station of the future Line 10. Right now, regardless of whether he had the financial resources or not, he could first buy the land through Chen Ze's connections.

As for the residential project, he had to seize the opportunity, not only to make money, but also for the future of Makino Technology and Taobao Network.

Makino Technology had risen, and Taobao Network was about to rise. These two companies would be the top Internet companies in China in the future, so Li Mu had to plan in advance for the maintenance of the future team.

When the company was big and profitable, in addition to making more money for the employees, the other supporting employee benefits must be good. Not only must all the shareholders take out a certain amount of stock options for the core employees in the future, but they must also provide adequate living security for the employees. This was because the bigger the company's employees and the more outstanding the employees in the company were, the more valuable they would be in the eyes of other companies. They would also be the target of competition by the major competitors and headhunters. How to retain talents would be the biggest problem that Makino Technology and Taobao Network would face in the future.

When the company developed to a certain extent, the enemy would no longer be others, but themselves. The crisis would no longer come from the outside, but from the inside.

In other National People's Congress cities, housing was the biggest problem in life. Li Mu wanted to take advantage of the fact that the current housing prices and land prices had not skyrocketed yet to make plans for the future employee welfare housing of the two companies.

Previously, Makino Technology bought ten houses for themselves to reward the outstanding talents who made the greatest contributions to the company this year. These ten houses gave everyone great incentives, but as the scale of Makino Technology grew, it became less and less suitable to rely on houses as incentives. If they could get a batch of employee housing that belonged to the company and sell it to the employees at a price far lower than the market price, coupled with a long-term interest-free loan provided by the company, then they could keep the outstanding employees for a longer time and not leave any opportunities for their competitors.

In addition to considering the future development of the company, Li Mu also hoped that Song Liang could lead Wanying Yan Company to catch up with the next wave of rising housing prices. The 10th Line played a great role in driving housing prices, especially in the eastern residential areas. At this time, he quickly found a way to help Wanying Yan Company get some land, which would definitely provide a great help to Wanying Yan Company's future development.

The East Third Ring Road and Dawang Road between the East Third Ring Road and the East Fourth Ring Road were all areas where housing prices would skyrocket in the future. Currently, the north-south direction of the 10th Line was still debating and hesitating whether to take the East Third Ring Road or Dawang Road. However, in the future, it would definitely take the East Third Ring Road. If Wanying Yan Company could get a few pieces of residential land along the East Third Ring Road in advance, it would be a money printing machine in the future. If Wanying Yan Company couldn't develop it, it could keep it until the end of the year or the beginning of next year. When the subway planning was completely finalized, it could be sold for a huge profit.

…

The next day, Li Mu invited Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming out for a meal. The two even specially invited Li Tong, the owner of Fayue Restaurant. Li Tong was a good friend of Hui Ka Ming, and in Chen Ze's words, Li Tong was a person who was worth making friends with.

This time, they didn't go to Fayue Restaurant. Instead, they met at a holiday hotel in the suburbs of Yan Jing. The place was chosen by Li Mu. It was said that the abalones here were quite delicious. Basically, it was one of the best places to eat abalones in Yan Jing.

Usually, Li Mu wasn't very interested in things like swallow-wing abalones, but today, his main purpose was to thank Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming. The two of them had helped him to deter Chen Guanghua during the incident at Fayue Restaurant. Even now, Chen Guanghua frequently went to Wang Xinran's house to apologize and beg for mercy, but Su Yuehua didn't give him any chance. His constant humility actually made up for the hurt that Wang Xinran and her family had suffered in the previous incident to a large extent.

At six o 'clock in the evening, Li Mu was the first to arrive at the hotel, followed by Chen Ze. The two of them chatted for a few minutes before Hui Ka Ming and Li Tong arrived together.

As soon as they met, Hui Ka Ming couldn't help teasing Li Mu, "Boss Li, you've been making a lot of moves recently. You're going to make a fortune!"

Li Mu laughed, "Isn't it just a drizzle compared to you?

You have a big family business, do you really care about this little bit of money? "

Hui Ka Ming chuckled and sat down in front of Li Mu, saying, "Mu Ge, let's not talk about anything else. First of all, you're my savior. If it wasn't for you, I would really be in big trouble this year."

Li Tong also laughed, "That's right, Li Mu. Your Makino Technology is really in the limelight now. I think it won't be long before you ring the bell on Nasdaq."

Li Mu waved his hand humbly, "It's not the right time yet. If we ring the bell on Nasdaq now, we'll be cashing out some cash, but the Americans will be the ones benefiting from it in the end."

Hui Ka Ming asked Li Mu, "Why?

You don't plan to go public in the near future? "

Li Mu said, "Not to mention in the near future, I won't even consider it in the next one or two years. Makino Technology's cash flow is so positive, going public at this time is like doing charity. As long as Makino Technology doesn't hit a bottleneck that's hard to break through, I won't even consider going public."

As he spoke, Li Mu teased, "But if you want to cash out, just let me know in advance. I can take over all your shares and give you freedom at any time."