Chapter 563

Chen Tong is out of ideas.

Li Mu had rejected the CEO's request to meet him. If he cannot even ask Li Mu to meet him, then no one in Sina will have a chance.

Chen Tong sighed and hung up. He told the CEO and the rest of the core management. "Let's discuss tonight's incident first. It's impossible to solve this problem before the Nasdaq market opens."

The CEO is having a headache. What is Li Mu trying to do? He did not even give Sina a chance to admit defeat.

What is he trying to do?

Sina can afford to lose this share, but if Sina loses this share, he will be too ashamed to remain in his position. As a CEO, he had made a mistake during his tenure and caused the company to suffer huge losses. He must resign.

Chen Tong said he wants to discuss tonight's incident. What else is there to discuss?

It's still early in the morning in the US. When the sun rises in the US, the investors will receive the news and call him to ask about the situation. If he cannot solve this problem, he can only tell the investors that the 26% traffic loss is irreversible. The investors will be furious, and when the stock market opens, the share prices will plummet. He can only pray that the share prices will not fall more than 10% when the market opens. If not, he will be Sina's greatest sinner.

Chen Tong can't bear to see the share prices plummet. He sent a message to Liu Xiaodong to ask if he can help him ask Li Mu out.

Liu Xiaodong is not a sophisticated person. If not, everyone will know that Liu Xiaodong and Li Mu are in the same boat. Even if Liu Xiaodong has to address Chen Tong as his senior, he will not help Chen Tong. Not only will he not help Chen Tong, but he will also side with Li Mu.

Liu Xiaodong only promised him in the message that he would help, and then he forgot about him, because he was now much busier than Chen Tong. Several well-known companies had already signed contracts with Taobao, and he was now preparing to organize a Summer Brand Day event to organize a joint promotion for these brands. The concept of the Brand Promotion Day was instilled in him by Li Mu, and Liu Xiaodong agreed and supported it very much. He was very enthusiastic about it. This was the prototype of the Double 11 Online Shopping Festival. Not only did it have to attract the attention of users, but it also had to attract the attention of manufacturers and brands. If this Summer Brand Day could help those cooperating brands open up a strong online sales channel, Taobao could be the king in front of manufacturers and brands in the future.

Li Mu was still young, and he was more determined than Chen Tong. Once he made up his mind, no one would be able to change his mind. Furthermore, Chen Tong knew Li Mu's way of doing things. It was impossible for Sina to get through this crisis without any losses. Li Mu was not a magnanimous person. He was like a wolf in the business world. Once he set his sights on something, he would not give up. Once he bit his target, he would not let go. He would either bite the other party to death or tear off a piece of meat from them.

Chen Tong thought that Liu Xiaodong would definitely help him lobby. He thought that with his relationship with Li Mu, Li Mu would definitely give him face. However, after waiting for a long time, Liu Xiaodong didn't reply. It was not until five in the afternoon that he couldn't help but ask Liu Xiaodong again. Liu Xiaodong directly replied, "I'm sorry, Senior Brother Chen. Li Mu didn't give me face.

Chen Tong had no choice as he had done all he could.

… …

Liu Xuebin was very depressed today.

Some time ago, he had brought most of his team members to the north and successfully joined Sina. He had also received a generous signing bonus and bought a house in Beijing. Because he had brought a large team to join and was highly valued by the company, he became one of the few managers with real power when he joined Sina. He was in charge of the development of the entire UC. His rank was even higher than when he was at QQ.

But he did not expect that after a few days of this comfortable life, Makino Technology would suddenly take drastic measures against Sina. He knew clearly that ever since he joined Sina and Sina started developing UC, Makino Technology had already treated Sina as their biggest competitor. They did not even wait for Sina's UC to go to the frontlines, and they had already launched an attack on Sina.

Seeing the core management of the company gathering together for a meeting, Liu Xuebin was slightly worried. He had thought about it before. If UC could not beat YY, what would happen to him and his team members? But he had thought that UC would need at least a few months to be developed, and it would take at least a year for it to be launched. Sina's CEO also promised him that he was prepared to use 3 years to compete with Makino Technology in the IM field. That meant that he could at least get a high salary in Sina for 3 years. But he did not expect that Makino Technology would change their strategy and force Sina into a dead end. Now he was worried that Sina would compromise with Makino Technology to protect their core business. If Sina gave up on UC, then he would be in big trouble.

It was not only him who had this kind of worry. The 100 ex-QQ employees who joined Sina with him were also worried about this. They had their own QQ group, and they would communicate in it. For the whole afternoon, everyone was discussing in the group. If Sina could not withstand the pressure from Makino Technology and gave up on UC, what should they do?

The first time they came out of QQ, they had already become stray dogs. These 80 + people did not want to repeat that painful experience again. They finally got two opportunities to develop in Yanjing. In order to follow their old leader and to get a higher salary, they chose Sina. They came all the way from Shenzhen to Yanjing. They had just settled down, were they going to be stray dogs for the second time?

If that was the case, then their future would be even more worrying than the last time.

The 80 + people in the group were talking to each other. After a while, someone said, "If we knew that Makino Technology was so domineering, we should have joined Makino Technology. At least Makino Technology would be more stable than Sina."

This sentence immediately struck a chord in the hearts of the others. They had always wanted to say this sentence, but no one had ever started it. Now that someone had brought up this topic, the group exploded in an instant.

Many people were saying that they should have sought stability and not more money. Some people were even discussing if UC was axed by Sina, then would they still have the chance to join Makino Technology?

Liu Xuebin had not spoken in the group at first, but when he saw these comments, he could not hold back his anger. He said in the group, "All of you stop for a while!

Everything is still unknown now. Is there any meaning in saying bad things about UC so early?

If you really don't think well of UC, then just resign! "

The group was suddenly silent. No one expected Liu Xuebin to be so angry all of a sudden.

Liu Xuebin purposely made his words heavier. He wanted to suppress this topic. Otherwise, if he used a softer tone, everyone would definitely drag him to discuss the topic just now. What he needed to do now was to stabilize the morale of the group. If UC was terminated, whether or not he could join Makino Technology again, others could think about it, but he could not. Because he knew in his heart that when he met with Li Mu, he had already offended Li Mu. Li Mu was such a smart person. He could definitely see that Liu Xuebin had purposely given him a difficult problem and then found an excuse to brush him off. Meeting him was just to deal with him and then deal with his own team members. Therefore, he knew in his heart that if UC was axed, Makino Technology would definitely not have a place to stay.

Because of his shout in the group, no one in the group spoke anymore. Everyone either moved to private chat or small groups, or they just asked to have dinner after work to talk about this matter. Liu Xuebin was waiting for the top management to come out with a final decision, but he did not receive it even when it was time to get off work.

…

At seven o 'clock in the morning in New York, the political investors on Wall Street began their busy day. Every morning, before the market opened, they would make a general judgment on the stock prices of today's stocks based on the news and information gathered from all over the world. They had to pay close attention to the listed companies in countries with large time zones, because the night they had just rested was the whole day for the people on the other side of the ocean. Any new movements of companies or some good or bad news were basically spread during working hours. Therefore, they had to pay attention to what had happened to those companies in the past ten hours.

Such a big incident happened to Sina, and it naturally did not escape their eyes.

When the investors knew about Sina's situation and the impact, they immediately made a judgment on Sina's share prices. Sina was blocked by Makino Technology, and this is bad news for Sina. If Sina's current situation spreads to the US, Sina's share prices will plunge, and this is the best opportunity to short Sina.

It is very easy to short a stock. As long as you think the share prices will fall, you can start to short the shares immediately. The method of shorting a stock is to borrow a batch of shares from a broker and sell them at the current price. When the share prices fall, you can buy back the shares at a lower price. Generally, shorting a company is targeting its public or potential risks. They have the world's most powerful information exchange system, and once they smell an opportunity, they will act immediately.

Now, Sina's share prices are around 1.6 USD on Nasdaq, and the market value is around 70 million USD. This share is not eye-catching on Nasdaq, but there are a bunch of stockbrokers eyeing it. The market is not open yet, and a bunch of people are ready to short Sina to make some money.