Chapter 655

Li Mu had already discussed all the conditions with Gu Jianghe. What he needed to do now was to get YY website to make a special report as soon as possible, so that it would have an impact in the shortest time possible.

Li Mu handed over the special report to Wang Nan and asked him to go back as soon as possible to organize the staff to work overtime on the special report. He wanted the report to be online that night, and he also wanted to use YY to promote it in a pop-up window. He wanted to make sure that it would have enough influence on society. Li Mu also made a request to Gu Jianghe. He wanted the video footage taken by the police at the crime scene to be provided to YY website as news material.

Gu Jianghe agreed to Li Mu's request and ordered Lu Changyong to cooperate fully. However, after he arranged the work, he said to Li Mu in private, "I'll leave the follow-up of this case to the municipal bureau. According to our previous agreement, I'll definitely give you a satisfactory answer. As for you, don't waste your time here. Go back and have a good rest. I'll inform you as soon as Huang Shuolun is arrested."

Li Mu said, "Director Gu, if you have something to do, you can leave first. I'm not in a hurry. I'll wait here for a while. If the police in the branch office are willing, maybe we can wait until Huang Shuolun arrives before tonight."

Gu Jianghe did not want Li Mu to stay in the branch office at all. Just as he was about to persuade him again, Lu Changyong knocked on the door anxiously and said to Gu Jianghe and Li Mu, "Director Gu, Li Zong, Mr. Huang from Hongzhu Group is here. He said he wants to see Li Mu."

After that, Lu Changyong hurriedly added, "It's not Huang Jinxiao. It's his sister, Huang Jinli."

Gu Jianghe looked at Li Mu and said, "The Huang family is probably here to talk terms with you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Uncle Gu, we've reached an agreement, so I won't talk to her anymore. Let her go." Gu Jianghe smiled helplessly.

Gu Jianghe smiled helplessly. Li Mu was very slippery. Before the conditions were settled, he did not give face to anyone; after the conditions were settled, he even spoke with a hint of flattery … Although the contrast was quite big, Gu Jianghe enjoyed it very much. The young man in front of him could be said to be the most outstanding young man in the country at present. Not to mention that he had a net worth of hundreds of millions, he was also a model youth in the eyes of the people. Moreover, there was a big boss paying attention to him. It was also a good thing for him to maintain a friendly relationship with him.

However, Gu Jianghe still said, "Actually, I think you should talk to them if you can. They haven't caught the culprit yet, and the media hasn't announced it yet. You can listen to what the Huang family is willing to offer. Even if you don't agree, there's no harm in listening."

Li Mu thought it was reasonable, so he nodded and said, "Then I'll listen to what she has to say."

Lu Changyong turned around to bring Huang Jinli in. Gu Jianghe did not leave immediately. He waited for Lu Changyong to bring Huang Jinli into the room and then said to Li Mu, "You talk first. I'll go to Changyong's office for a while. We'll talk later."

Li Mu nodded. He could see that Gu Jianghe deliberately waited for Huang Jinli to come. He wanted to use him to put some pressure on the Huang family, so he deliberately did not say anything.

As soon as Gu Jianghe and Lu Changyong left, Huang Jinli hurriedly said to Li Mu politely, "Hello, Mr. Li. I've heard about you for a long time, but I haven't had the chance to meet you."

Li Mu squeezed out a little smile and asked her, "What do you want?"

Huang Jinli said sincerely, "I'm here to apologize to you. What happened today is all my nephew's fault. He is not sensible and caused so much trouble. My brother is too protective of him, so he doesn't do things rationally. Please forgive him if he has offended you."

Li Mu said, "In fact, it's best to leave today's matter to the law. Mrs. Huang, you don't have to come here specially. Your nephew killed someone by driving a car, injured someone, and ran away. This will be handled by the public security organ. My unhappiness with Mr. Huang today can also be solved by legal means. In addition, the matter of Mr. Huang protecting a criminal, finding someone to convict him, and trampling on the justice must also be handed over to the judicial organ. The law is enough. We don't need to apologize to each other.

It's unnecessary. "Huang Jinli was stunned. She knew that Li Mu was not easy to deal with, but she didn't expect him to say it so ruthlessly. Did he mean that he wanted to go all out and leave all the problems to the law?

In that case, if her nephew was arrested, her brother would also have to bear the criminal responsibility for what he did. Li Mu hit someone, and he couldn't escape the punishment of the law.

Therefore, Huang Jinli hurriedly said with a smile, "Mr. Li, there's no need to make things so unpleasant. I know my brother shouldn't have done what he did, but he is also anxious about his son. How about this? If you are willing to solve this matter in private, we are willing to give ten million yuan as compensation to the family of the deceased, and another ten million yuan to your girlfriend. At the same time, let my disappointing nephew apologize to you, your girlfriend, and the victim's family in person."

After hearing this, Li Mu looked at her with a playful face and asked, "Do you think I lack money?"

Huang Jinli hurriedly explained, "You misunderstood Mr. Li. I didn't mean that. Your business is so big, and ten million yuan is certainly nothing to you. But this is also a positive attitude for us to solve the problem. If you are not satisfied with anything, you can bring it up again."

Li Mu said, "I have just said my solution. From the moment Huang Shuolun hit and ran away and hurt my girlfriend, this matter can't be solved in private."

Huang Jinli hesitated for a moment and said sincerely, "Mr. Li, my brother is fifty-eight years old. He can be regarded as an old man. Today, he was beaten by you like that. To be honest, he is really pitiful. For the sake of his only son, you can treat it as a father paying for his son's debt, okay?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "He can sue me. I will not run away from any responsibility that the law sentences me to. Similarly, CEO Huang and his son also have to bear the legal consequences for their actions."

Huang Jinli knew very well that Li Mu's beating of her brother would at most be sentenced to a suspended sentence. At most, he would be detained for a few days. However, the crimes of her brother and nephew were not so easy to deal with. Huang Shuolun would be sentenced to at least ten years in prison. Huang Jinxiao was suspected of covering up, and he was also suspected of using violence, threats, bribery, and other methods to instigate others to commit perjury. It would be normal for him to be sentenced to three to seven years in prison.

If Huang Jinxiao's crime was really brought to court, there would be a lot of ambiguity. The biggest problem was whether the nature of the crime was really very bad. After all, it involved human life. If the court said that it was bad, then it would definitely be in the category of bad. If the court said that it was bad, then it would definitely be in the category of bad. If the court said that it was his first time committing a crime, and he was a taxpayer who contributed a lot to society, then the court would give him a lighter sentence.

However, before he came, Wu You deliberately reminded himself that the judge's sentence was largely related to the public opinion and influence of the case.

If there was no media attention or public opinion, the judge had a lot of room to maneuver. Although Huang Shuolun's crime was a little difficult to deal with, it would be best for Huang Jinxiao to fight for a three to five sentence sentence. However, if there was a strong influence of public opinion, the judge would definitely give a heavy sentence.

Huang Jinli was also struggling in her heart. She had basically realized that if she still wanted to protect Huang Shuolun now, it was basically a fool's dream. Li Mu would not give the Huang family this chance. This person's social influence was far greater than the entire Huang family combined. Moreover, he was the darling of the media and public opinion. Moreover, when it came to capital and strength, Li Mu was not any worse than the Huang family. If this case was exposed, the Huang family would be crushed to death by the public opinion alone. Huang Shuolun and Huang Jinxiao would not be able to escape punishment.

For Huang Jinli, if Huang Shuolun went to jail, the Huang family would be very sad, but it did not matter. The foundation of the Huang family would not be affected, only their reputation would be affected. If Huang Jinxiao also went to jail, it would be a great blow to the Huang family. Everything of the Huang family was built on the foundation of Huang Jinxiao. If he was arrested, the whole Hongzhu Group would be without a leader. All the business and political relationships would be forced to be reshuffled. It was really hard to say how many people would be left in the end. If the foundation and the foundation were dug out too much, the Hongzhu Group would be in danger.

At this moment, Huang Jinli did not know that Li Mu had already negotiated with Gu Jianghe. She did not know that in order to give Gu Jianghe face, Li Mu had already concealed the fact that Huang Jinxiao had used his relationship with the public security system and tried to make his driver take the blame for his son. Judging from Gu Jianghe's attitude towards Li Mu, Huang Jinli felt that Li Mu already had the support of the whole legal system. If he really pressed this case to death, the Huang family would not be able to escape the misfortune.

Therefore, Huang Jinli made her decision and said, "Mr. Li, Shuolun has made a big mistake. Our Huang family is willing to let him accept the punishment of the law. However, I have a request. Regarding the case of my brother, Mr. Huang Jinxiao, both of us will take a step back. We will not pursue the matter of what you did today, and please don't pursue the mistake he made in a moment of confusion. Apart from that, the 20 million yuan cash compensation that I just promised is still valid. If you are not satisfied with it, you can tell me the amount and we can discuss it."

When Li Mu heard Huang Jinli's words, he was instantly overjoyed. Originally, he did not want to talk to the Huang family anymore. However, under Gu Jianghe's persuasion, he reluctantly agreed to have a chat. He wanted to see what they would say in this situation. However, he did not expect that this chat would yield a harvest.

The deal between him and Gu Jianghe was made in the presence of only the two of them and Chen Ze. Naturally, Huang Jinli did not know about it. Right now, she actually had the same request. Gu Jianghe did not want to expose the fact that someone in the public security system had helped Huang Jinxiao take the blame for his son. He wanted to protect the public security system's reputation. On the other hand, Huang Jinli hoped that her brother could survive this game. If Huang Shuolun could not be saved, then she was willing to sacrifice him. However, she wanted to protect her brother's safety at all costs, because this concerned the safety of the entire Huang family.

In her opinion, a ferocious tiger could be without a tail, but it could not be without a heart and fangs.

In Li Mu's opinion, this was a f * cking great opportunity to extort money …