Chapter 207

On Sunday, Li Mu was the only one left in Yanjing from dormitory 606.

He got up early and went to the hospital. He was relieved when he saw that Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls from the dormitory were there. Then, he made an appointment with Kong Lingyu to ask about the progress of the development of Alipay.

Kong Lingyu said that the time node given was another week, ten days at most, and the first version of Alipay would be out.

At that time, the rest of the problems of Alipay would be placed in front of Li Mu. The biggest problem was to find a bank to cooperate with first. He didn't even know a bank teller at the moment.

However, Li Mu didn't show the slightest bit in front of Kong Lingyu. Instead, he talked to Kong Lingyu about the next step of Tieba.

Li Mu said, "At present, the number of registered users, active users, and simultaneous users of Tieba are all close to 163 chat rooms and the other two dominant chat rooms. If we work hard, we can become the world's largest Chinese community. Don't underestimate the title of the world's largest. Once we have this title, many investment banks will immediately notice us. At that time, Series B can start."

Kong Lingyu said, "Do we need to raise funds so quickly?

We didn't spend much of the few million we raised last time. Apart from expanding the team, we almost didn't make any investment in promotion. Isn't it a little disadvantageous for us to raise funds at this time? "

No company would start Series B before they spent half or even a quarter of the money from Series A. Li Mu was the same. His plan was to first burn more than 80% of the Series A financing before talking about Series B financing. Before Series B, as long as they burned money in the right direction, every extra yuan spent could increase the company's valuation by ten yuan or more during Series B.

However, Li Mu's explanation for the method of not burning money was: "At present, we are still in the first stage of Tieba, which is the pure community stage. We have done a good job in the community function, and we have Baidu to guide us. In this case, we don't need to burn money. However, Tieba will soon enter the second stage. Once it enters the second stage, Makino Technology will enter the mode of burning money quickly."

Kong Lingyu perked up. "The first stage is the community, so what's the second stage?"

Li Mu said calmly, "Interaction."

"Interaction?

What do you mean? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Personal space, as well as interactive games based on personal space."

When he said this, Li Mu thought of Happy Farm, QQ Ranch, and QQ Fight for Parking Spaces.

If Tieba could build on the foundation of the current community and open up the function of personal space, and also release Happy Farm and other small games that had been popular in his previous life in the personal space, the interaction value between users would instantly reach a peak. The effect of this on user loyalty and user interaction would be too strong, comparable to a rocket propeller.

Kong Lingyu didn't know what the interaction Li Mu was talking about, and Li Mu didn't say it directly. He only instructed, "During this period of time, besides helping me develop Alipay, remember to hire a few technical and design staff for Flash games. They must be in place within the next half a month!"

Kong Lingyu was curious, but he didn't ask further. He nodded and said, "Okay, Boss, I will pass on this to Qing Ya tomorrow."

As he said this, Kong Lingyu asked again, "Oh right, Boss, you said that the second stage is interaction, so what's the third stage?

Can you tell me in advance? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "The third stage is social interaction."

"Social interaction?"

Kong Lingyu asked in surprise, "Community, interaction, social interaction, this is a gradual development path?"

Li Mu shook his head. "In a narrow sense, it is indeed a gradual development path. But if you look at it from a perspective of five years, or even longer, it can't be described as gradual, but as ecological!"

"Ecological?"

Kong Lingyu was a little confused again.

Ecological was the core idea of the Internet giants ten years from now. The reason why the Internet giants ten years from now could become giants was because they had built their own ecological and self-closed loop, so that they could occupy a place on the Internet, and their opponents couldn't shake them.

Tencent had QQ. Based on this instant messaging software, they launched QQ games, a small gaming platform, QQ Space, a personal homepage, QQ Show, a personal customized image display, followed by QQ mail, music, browser, computer butler, input method. These were all ecological chains and self-closed loops that Tencent built around QQ. Only such a product with a complete ecological chain could become a giant and incubate a world-class app like WeChat. Therefore, Li Mu's positioning for Makino Technology was to start laying out a long-term ecological chain from now on. The stronger and more complete the ecological chain, the higher the value of Makino Technology.

Kong Lingyu was now one of the shareholders of Makino Technology. Although his shares were held by Li Mu, the proxy agreement was clearly written, so he was also very concerned about the operation at the capital level. He curiously asked Li Mu, "Will our Series B still be led by Baidu?"

Li Mu thought of Tan Yaocheng and smiled playfully. He said, "It is indeed written in the agreement for Series A that Baidu has the priority to lead the investment, but I guess the valuation of Series B will shock them, because — — they can't afford to lead the investment!"

Kong Lingyu's eyes widened in surprise. Li Mu's subsequent words made him come to a realization. "Although Baidu has overseas investments and is now the pioneer of domestic search engines, they haven't figured out the profit model yet. They still need investors to support themselves. It's already amazing that they can convince investors to invest in our Series A. If our Series B valuation increases by more than ten times, Baidu will definitely not be able to afford it. At that time, it will depend on the attitude of the capital behind them towards Makino Technology."

Kong Lingyu nodded, feeling that a bright future was waving at him.

This meeting, Li Mu was to give Kong Lingyu a heads-up, so that he could start improving the team in advance. Series B was the key to the take-off of Makino Technology. If it was done well, Series B could soar to the sky.

…

On Sunday afternoon, Li Mu drove to the streets by himself and found a female nurse who claimed to be a gold medal nurse at an agency.

The nurse's surname was Liu, and she was less than forty years old. Her hometown was Cangzhou, not far from Yanjing. It was said that she had been working as a nurse for six or seven years. She had taken care of people in a vegetative state, paralyzed elderly, and uremia patients. She looked friendly and spoke with propriety. Li Mu asked her some simple questions about the care of uremia patients, and she answered them clearly and logically, showing that she was very experienced.

Without much hesitation, Li Mu decided to hire Sister Liu. He gave her a monthly salary of 1,200 yuan and asked her to take care of Wang Yanan's mother full-time.

Miss Liu was very satisfied with the salary. At the moment, special labor such as confinement nannies and care workers had not become popular, so the price was very affordable to Li Mu, and she also felt that it was very generous. Both parties were very satisfied.

Li Mu signed the contract with Miss Liu's agency on the spot, paid the agency fee and the first month's salary, and then drove Miss Liu directly to the hospital.

Miss Liu did not expect that this young employer, who was less than twenty years old, would have a private car. She was extremely surprised. After getting in the car, she was even a little reserved. She sat in the front passenger seat without moving, for fear that she would touch something and make Li Mu unhappy.

Li Mu saw that Miss Liu was reserved, so he smiled and said, "Miss, you don't have to be so reserved. It's very tiring to sit upright. There are armrests on both sides, so you can sit however you want."

Miss Liu smiled awkwardly and said, "I'm afraid that you will damage it. This car costs hundreds of thousands!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The car is for people, so it's not that expensive."

Miss Liu nodded, and her stiff body slightly relaxed. She said, "Boss Li, you are really young and promising to be able to drive a private car at such a young age."

Li Mu smiled and thought that Sister Liu was also interesting. She must be curious about how he could afford a private car, but she did not directly ask him what he did for a living. Instead, she praised him for being young and promising. From this small detail, at least he could see that she had a sense of propriety. She knew what she could say and what might not be good to say. She was very clear about all these.

Such a person was cautious, and her heart was definitely more meticulous than the average person. She was definitely the most suitable person for nursing.

Li Mu did not answer Miss Liu's question, but said, "Miss Liu, I'll ask you to do something later. When you arrive at the hospital and meet the patient and her daughter, don't tell them how much your salary is. If they ask you for the specific amount, say it's not high. If they ask you for the specific amount, say it's a few hundred yuan. If they ask for more details, say how much it is, I won't let you say it."

Miss Liu nodded repeatedly, "Okay, I'll remember."

Li Mu said again, "In addition, in the future, I will give you your monthly salary one or two days in advance, so other than me, don't ask for anyone else's salary."

"That's for sure. You signed a contract with the store, so you are my employer. I definitely won't ask anyone else for money."

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction and said, "Miss Liu, your place is not far from the Third Hospital, right?"

"It's not far. It takes half an hour to get there by bus."

Li Mu asked again, "Can you cook at home?"

Miss Liu said truthfully, "I rented a bungalow. My house is a little shabby, but cooking is not a problem."

Li Mu nodded and said, "How about this, I'll give you another eight hundred yuan every month. You are responsible for the patient's three meals a day. You can take some of the eight hundred yuan as your hard work, but the patient's quality of life cannot be low."