Chapter 1327

In the field of the internet, Li Mu's influence was similar to that of Steve Jobs in the future.

Li Mu had continuously brought so many high-quality, god-like internet products to the netizens all over the world. Therefore, a large number of netizens had absolute trust and admiration for Li Mu. In their eyes, anything produced by Li Mu was equal to the best. If Li Mu were to release a new product, then everyone believed that it would be a superb product that surpassed everyone's imagination and expectations. If Li Mu were to release a new game, then it would also be a good game that was unique and innovative.

Moreover, Li Mu had never used a video to personally recommend any product or game to the netizens. This was the first time. It was obvious that Li Mu had great confidence in this game.

Therefore, the netizens all over the world were excited by Li Mu. They were waiting in front of their computers for the time when Li Mu promised to go online.

This feeling was very similar to when people waited for Steve Jobs to hold the Apple Developer's Conference. Hundreds of millions of fans around the world would watch the live broadcast, waiting for Steve Jobs to announce his new product.

At 9 PM in Yanjing, YY simultaneously released a notification to users all over the world: Makino Technology's 2003 masterpiece, Plants-VS-Zombies Online, is officially released. Click to download and experience it immediately!

Plants vs Zombies?

What did plants have to do with zombies?

The zombies were very scary, but the plants were very gentle. Was this game going to pit these two unrelated species against each other?

Tsk tsk … this name doesn't sound very interesting!

Most people were disappointed with the name of Makino Technology's game. This was because the overall name of the game felt too "small." A name like "StarCraft" would be miles ahead of it.

However, it was a game personally recommended by Li Mu. Based on Li Mu's usual style, the quality of the things he recommended must be guaranteed. This made it even more interesting. What was the secret behind Plants vs Zombies?

Looks like I'll have to download it quickly and play it once to find out!

With these complicated and contradictory feelings, a large number of users began to flood the download page to download and install this game with a strange name that they could not understand.

Makino Technology provided fast download nodes and stable bandwidth support to users all over the world in multiple data processing centers around the world, so that all users could download at the fastest speed.

Plants vs Zombies Online was 160MB. Even in the current era, it was only about the size of a small game. However, it was at least twice the size of the first version of Plants vs Zombies in his previous life.

The reason why it was bigger than the original Plants vs Zombies was mainly because the visuals were more refined than the original, and there was also the addition of an online section. So the overall experience, in Li Mu's opinion, was far better than the original Plants vs Zombies.

…

As more and more users downloaded and installed the game, countless impatient users immediately began to play the game. After displaying the two logos of "Muye Technology" and "Muye Games", the game also completed loading, and quickly entered the login menu.

As soon as they entered the login menu, the cartoon image on the back of the Plants vs Zombies login screen was extremely attractive to the users.

On the left side of the login screen, apart from a bunch of smiling sunflowers that were slowly swaying, there was also a cute peashooter that was constantly twisting its body and slowly shooting out a pea from its big mouth. On the right side of the login screen, there was a zombie that did not look scary at all. In fact, it looked a little silly and cute. The zombie moved stiffly and slowly, and its mouth opened and closed, looking a little cute.

The users could roughly guess the gameplay of the game. It was probably to use the peashooter to attack the zombies?

Although it looked a little young, it seemed a little interesting.

The iconic background music started playing as the game entered. This background music was personally hummed by Li Mu, and was produced by a professional MIDI composer. It was basically 100% authentic. The music was simple, but it had the power of brainwashing. It slowly brought the users into a strange, indescribable fantasy.

Looking at the game's login interface, the game currently only supported one login mode, which was to log in with a YY account. Other than that, it did not provide any user registration entry. In other words, it was completely within the closed loop of YY's ecosystem. The user system was also completely dependent on YY. Even if one wanted to play it alone, they would need a YY account to activate it.

Luckily, the users that were pushed through YY in the first stage were all YY users. Therefore, everyone could just click on the quick login button on the login screen and log in with their YY account.

After logging in, the game immediately entered a teaching phase. The logic of Plants vs Zombies was actually very simple, so the teaching phase was also very simple. An NPC girl named Michelle jumped out and told the players that the zombies were about to invade the villa. Therefore, the players had to plant various plants in the villa's backyard to defend against the zombies.

After that, Michelle taught the players the importance of sunflowers. They were used to create sunlight, and collecting sunlight was a necessary element in the game to plant various plants. Of course, the game would also generate a sunflower that could be collected every ten seconds to help the players in the beginning of the game.

After learning how to plant sunflowers, the list of plants in the game gradually expanded. The first plants that could be used were the Peashooter, followed by the Nut Wall and the Cherry Bomb.

The beginner's game had a total of five routes. After the first zombie appeared, the players could determine the first route to defend. The beginner zombies were very slow, and the most basic Peashooter could shoot its head off after two peas, then use another two peas to kill it.

When the first zombie fell to the ground, the players felt a sense of accomplishment. Tower defense games had a strong psychological effect on the players. When the first enemy fell, the players would look forward to installing a second defensive weapon. At the same time, they would look forward to more enemies invading the villa. They would look forward to unlocking more interesting plants, looking forward to the appearance of more zombies, looking forward to more fun, challenges, and a sense of accomplishment.

As the game progressed, the difficulty gradually increased.

There were zombies that used plastic warning posts as safety helmets, zombies that carried metal buckets to protect themselves, zombies that carried javelins, zombies that held metal doors as shields. The game became more and more difficult.

However, at the same time, there were potato grenades that could kill zombies, man-eating plants that could swallow zombies in one bite, and super peashooters that could shoot two or even three times. There was also a nut wall that could be placed at the furthest end to block zombies and buy time for the peashooters behind them. The game was getting more and more fun!

The appeal of this game to players was similar to the appeal of a box of the best nougat to sweets lovers. The nougat was sweet but not greasy, and there were nuts in it to adjust the taste. It had a great chewy texture. It stuck to the teeth, but it was not as sticky as milk candy. It made it hard for sweets lovers to stop eating. Sometimes, they would eat it piece by piece and accidentally finish the whole box.

The game had only been online for an hour, but according to the statistics, the number of online players had already exceeded ten million. Among them, half were Hua Xia users. Most importantly, the number of users leaving the game within that hour was extremely low. Basically, as long as they were here, they would not leave for a short period of time. This proved that the popularity of the game was unimaginably high!

At this moment, in every corner of the world, whether it was night, day, early morning, or late at night, there was a large group of players in front of their computers as if they were possessed. They were immersed in the wonderful background music, the cartoonish graphics, and the sound effects. Under the simple guidance of the NPC, Michelle, they quickly got the hang of the game. Not only were they having a great time playing, they were also constantly exploring the more interesting elements of the game. Every successful defense brought them a great sense of accomplishment. This was the ultimate attraction of tower defense games. The unprecedented gaming experience made everyone feel like they were poisoned. They were completely immersed in the game, unable to extricate themselves.

Games like StarCraft, Counter-Strike, Legend of Mir 2, and Red Alert were extremely attractive to young male players. However, they were not as attractive to women and middle-aged and elderly players.

Many girls liked to play cartoon games, but they were unable to escape the feminine style of Hello Kitty. Therefore, they were not attractive to men at all, and some even avoided them.

Plants vs Zombies, on the other hand, had a great advantage in terms of style!

The core elements of the game were cartoonish and relaxing. Although the graphics looked a little young, the cartoonish style of the game was definitely suitable for all ages!

Children liked it, and so did their friends. Even the middle-aged and elderly loved it. Women naturally had a natural love for cartoons, and men didn't think that cartoons were retarded, childish, or feminine. Petite and cute girls loved it, and so did burly men!

In Hua Xia, internet addicts who liked to play Legend of Mir 2 and Miracle 2 would also fall in love with this brainwashing game.

In America, those tough guys with big tattoos, big beards, and Harley Davidson motorcycles would also be in front of their computers, fighting over the mouse with their girlfriends for the sake of this game.

In Japan, those otakus who were used to playing console games and large-scale games also threw away their game controllers and toilet paper. They wore thick glasses, and moved the mouse without blinking, planting all kinds of plants on the computer screen.

In Russia, the fighting people who drank vodka all day long were also sitting in front of their computers, crazily immersed in the battle between plants and zombies …

No one could believe that a game would become popular all over the world within an hour of its release. The background music that was full of fantastical colors instantly spread to every corner of the world.

It was early in the morning, but Silicon Valley was already in an uproar. Countless Silicon Valley elites who paid attention to Makino Technology waited until five in the morning, just to wait for Li Mu's new game to be released. However, they weren't paying attention to the players of the new game, but to their peers who were paying attention to the new product.