Chapter 1811

On the first day of Flying Tigers's screening, all the theaters were full.

Li Mu's marketing channel was so powerful that it made film companies all over the world go crazy with envy!

And this movie did not let down such powerful marketing resources at all.

It shocked, excited, moved, and applauded all the audience members who had seen it!

The movie received unprecedented acclaim. In addition to being a perfect and magnificent epic movie, there were two other things that shocked all the audiences around the world.

The first was the ending song, "Rollingthe".

It was so good that it could explode!

It could be said that many people had not heard such a perfect song for several years. The energy density of this song was so strong that it even surpassed "Set".

firethe

rain

!

And when everyone saw the subtitles of the theme song, "21", "Guns", "Set".

"Firethe".

firethe

rain

"Rollingthe", the ending song, "Deep".

When the list of composers for the three songs was revealed, they were surprised to find that the composer of these three songs was actually … Li Mu!

Li Mu!

Oh my god!

The founder of Makino Technology!

The founder of Taobao Technology, Taobao Logistics, Alipay, Hungry Man, and the online ticket system, Li Mu!

The richest man in the world had actually written these three top-notch songs!

The people in the American music industry broke down.

They really did not expect to sit in the cinema and listen to "Rollingthe".

"Deep" was actually written by Li Mu!

A Hua Xia person had written three such amazing English songs. This guy's musical talent was too abnormal, wasn't it?

On the first day, there were three super hot topics on Weibo and Twitter.

The first topic was: "Flying Tigers is too good!"

Indeed, the overall standard of this movie had surpassed all the war movies in the past few years. Even the classics of the 90s were somewhat inferior compared to it.

Many Europeans and Americans only realized after watching this movie that the Second World War was not only tragic in Europe, but also in China.

Four hundred million people of Hua Xia used their flesh and blood to fight the jackals, wolves, tigers, and leopards for eight years before chasing the invaders out of the country!

The War of Resistance by the people of Hua Xia started earlier than World War II and ended later than World War II. During this period of time, the people of Hua Xia made great sacrifices and contributions to the world war against communism.

At the same time, the Europeans and Americans were also shocked by the bravery of the people of Hua Xia, the sacrifice of the American Flying Tigers, and the cruelty of the Japanese invaders.

Most people didn't know that more than 60 years ago, there was a real history of two countries fighting side by side on opposite sides of the earth.

In particular, the photos and videos of the Flying Tigers at the end of the film moved everyone even more.

Many people were moved to tears when they saw those young people fighting against the enemy in the sky for their country, for their people, and for their beliefs.

Countless filmmakers, film media, entertainment media, and even the news media were promoting this movie and cheering for it. Even the Hollywood media called it the most worthwhile movie of the year, without a doubt.

The second topic is "Rollingthe"

"Deep" is too good!

It's really too good. Everyone who heard this song was attracted by the top-notch melody and singing. When they left the cinema, they immediately went online to search for this song.

Unfortunately, this song was currently on the Internet, and there was no source for it.

The only way to find it was to watch this movie in the cinema and wait until the ending song started. Only then would they be able to hear this song!

Therefore, when many netizens saw this trending topic, they were anxious. It seemed that if they wanted to listen to this song, they could only go to the cinema!

Many top musicians expressed their views on Weibo and Twitter, but without exception, they were all crazy praises for this song.

Michael Jackson's Weibo and Twitter said, "I really didn't expect to hear such a shocking song in my lifetime. I think this song should sweep the Grammys. It makes me feel inferior!"

Beyoncé also posted on Weibo and Twitter, saying, "Oh my god, I fell in love with the movie 'Flying Tigers' and 'Rollingthe'

I fell in love with Du Wei's voice and Mr. Li Mu's talent. I really want to have the opportunity to cover this song, but right now, I want to listen to this song again. No, I have to go to the cinema tomorrow!

Celine Dion posted on Weibo and Twitter: "Trust me, you guys need to go to the cinema. This movie and this ending song are classics among classics that you absolutely cannot miss. Omg, my mind is filled with the melody of 'Rollingthe'!

The melody of "Deep" simply wouldn't stop!

I can't help but sing out loud: We

could

have

hadall，rollingthe

deep！”

There were countless praises like this from top singers and musicians on Weibo and Twitter!

Too many to count!

As for the third hot topic, it was: Li Mu wrote three divine songs!

They were indeed divine songs!

Especially "Rollingthe"!

Anyone who heard it would be completely brainwashed by it, just like Celine Dion. Their minds were filled with the melody of this song …

Interestingly, this movie also caused a huge reaction in Japan.

There were very few movies that reflected World War II in Japan, but for this movie, almost all of the cinema chains gave it an extremely high number of screenings. This was mainly because Li Mu's share of the profits was too high.

Even if the box office earnings were to be given to the boss of the Japanese cinema chains, he still wanted this movie to be shown in Japan and have a high enough number of screenings.

He wanted to let those right-wing forces and those who distorted history in Japan see clearly what history was really all about, what crimes they had committed, and how they had made the whole world hate them.

At the beginning of this movie, it was a timeline of the invasion of China that was strung together with real events. Therefore, after the Japanese audience saw this timeline, as well as several major battles and tragic massacres, they immediately realized the unforgivable crimes that their own generation had committed against Hua Xia.

Such a movie not only shocked and shamed the young Japanese of the Heisei era, but also made the older generation of Showa men feel remorseful.

The right-wing Japanese media was not convinced. While denouncing the movie for distorting the facts, they also looked for their World War II veterans to verify that the movie was inaccurate.

As a result, many Japanese World War II veterans went to the cinema to watch the movie, and after watching it, they burst into tears.

When the reporters caught them for interviews, almost all of them cried and bowed to the camera, apologizing for their crimes decades ago.

In fact, a considerable number of Japanese veterans were very sincere in their repentance after the war. As the perpetrators of the atrocities, after the Emperor was pulled down from the altar and Japan was almost destroyed because of the war, they finally calmed down and returned from beasts to humans. When they looked back at what they had done in the past, most of them felt deeply guilty.

However, the right-wing Japanese and the supporters of the Emperor had been trying their best to beautify the war and cover up the history, so they did not give these veterans a chance to speak in the domestic media. But this time, "Flying Tigers" was wildly exported to Japan, and the right-wing themselves could not suppress it.

Several big conglomerates were very angry about the movie's popularity in Japan. They even ordered to block the movie at all costs. Even if they directly rented out the cinemas to release other movies, they could not let this movie continue to be shown in the cinemas.

The reason why they were so angry about this movie was nothing more than their personal standpoint and personal family situation.

Almost all the Japanese conglomerates were arms suppliers to Japan during World War II. They specialized in making killing weapons for the Japanese army. These weapons had harmed countless lives in Hua Xia.

Their industries were developed and strengthened by the war, and they benefited greatly from the war.

Even the fathers and grandfathers of many Japanese conglomerates were part of the Japanese army that invaded China. They had now become the most powerful and wealthy people in Japan. How could they allow others to call their ancestors war criminals?

Executioners?

Therefore, their usual routine was to whitewash the war and suppress the true history.

This time, they planned to use the same trick again.

Even if they had to spend more money, they had to suppress the influence of this movie.

However, they had just met with a few cinema bosses, and before they could start to tamper with tomorrow's screening, this matter was posted on the Internet.

Li Mu directly called out on his Weibo and Twitter: "Some Japanese conglomerates seem to have started to suppress the influence of" Flying Tigers "in Japan today?

Well, do as you wish. If I can't find out who you are, then I lose. If I find out who you are, I will put all of your information on my Weibo and Twitter, as well as the information of your ancestors who participated in World War II and their crimes for three years. At the same time, I will put up a banner on the front page of Japan's Weibo and Twitter for three years. If I don't peel off the skin of your family, I will give you the Makino Technology! "

Needless to say, Li Mu's influence went without saying. It was not an exaggeration to say that he was the most influential person in the world. Moreover, his information could reach the entire world. His Weibo and Twitter could shake the entire online world, including Japan itself.

In his previous life, the reason why Hua Xia was always slandered by foreigners was that we did not have a communication channel that could reach their people. Television was naturally not needed. The media in Europe and America were all in the hands of media tycoons. The media in Japan and Korea were also in the hands of the conglomerates.

The Internet was also very weak. Tencent's QQ's influence was limited to the Chinese world, and so was WeChat's influence. The most influential information portals overseas were Facebook, Twitter, and the messaging app was Whatsapp. Japan's was Line. We could not reach these.

However, the situation now was completely different from his previous life.

facebook？

Li Mu had sent it. Now because Weibo and Twitter were too popular, it could only be developed in the university community.

twitter？

Li Mu's.

whatsapp？

Go play on one side. There was only one popular messaging app in the world, and that was YY.

line？

Forget it. The ratio of YY users in Japan to Japanese netizens was 0.98 to 1. On the other hand, out of 100 Japanese netizens, 98 of them used YY.

Moreover, Li Mu had already locked onto the future of the mobile Internet. Apple was his, and Android was also his. This also ensured that in the future of the mobile Internet era, his global coverage would still be unrivaled.

Under such circumstances, no one could think of slandering Hua Xia online.

If you dare to slander Hua Xia, the history of World War II, and "Flying Tigers" in your country, I will slander you, your father, your grandfather, and your whole family. I will slander your entire family. Let's see who can win!