Chapter 94

As soon as the notice arrived, good things came one after another.

Zhao Kang's notice was also in hand. There was no suspense in which college he applied for.

Then, the first round of the Simple Plan finals was finally broadcasted.

This time, it was really amazing. In the past, the performance video of the Simple Plan would only be broadcasted on Nansu Satellite TV. Now, not only Nansu Satellite TV, but also Yanjing Satellite TV and more than ten other cooperative satellite TV stations in the country.

The song "Old Boys", with its excellent composition and inspirational and touching lyrics, captured the hearts of the national audience on the day it was broadcasted.

The traffic on the Easy Listening website was also extraordinary. The excellent user experience and the reward mechanism for previously registered users made a large number of users begin to gather on the Easy Listening website. This speed was so fast that even Li Mu couldn't believe it.

Looking at the tens of thousands of messages about the Simple Plan and the four people on the Easy Listening website, Li Mu's mind suddenly lit up.

Why not create a star Tieba for fans to play on the basis of the Easy Listening website?

Anyway, he had already taken over Baidu MP3, so he might as well take over Baidu Tieba as well.

Li Mu carefully analyzed the future Baidu Tieba. The future Baidu Tieba relied on search engines, so the rules for the creation of Tieba were basically completely open. Not just singers, not just celebrities, any thing or noun could be used to create a Tieba.

However, he didn't have a search engine to rely on, so he couldn't play with such a huge product. What's more, he didn't have such a strong hardware and software support.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to open the Tieba function on the Easy Listening website, but the first stage was limited to singers. In other words, when users went to the Easy Listening website to listen to songs, every singer now had a secondary page that belonged to them. Now, Li Mu wanted to add a personal Tieba for them. This way, it could stimulate the enthusiasm of fans to discuss and further increase the user stickiness.

The most interesting thing was that the domain name of the Tieba was also in Li Mu's hands …

Li Mu immediately called Kong Lingyu, "Old Kong, I have a new idea. Listen carefully. If you have any questions, wait for me to finish before you raise them."

Kong Lingyu knew that his young boss often had some unimaginable but wonderful ideas, so he immediately took the pen and paper, clamped the phone between his shoulder and face, and said, "Speak."

"Right now, our users can only leave messages on the secondary pages of each celebrity. Although there are a lot of these messages, they are one-way and closed every day. It can't be used to socialize with the fans. So my idea is that we can develop a new function for the fans. It's equivalent to a minimalist BBS so that they can discuss their idols, but it can't be as complicated as a BBS forum."

Kong Lingyu was stunned for a moment and asked, "Boss, do you mean to open a minimalist BBS for every singer?"

"That's right."

Li Mu smiled and said, "This minimalist BBS only needs to support text and picture posts. That is to say, we will develop a template and then open one for every singer. It's different from those very broad BBS. Each of our minimalist BBS has the most vertical position, which is the singer himself."

Kong Lingyu's eyes lit up, "Then let the fans of every singer chat and discuss in this singer's minimalist BBS. It's equivalent to finding an Internet home for every singer's fans?"

"Sort of."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We won't call it BBS or Internet home with such a vulgar name. To put it simply, we will call it Tieba."

"Tieba?

What do you mean? "

"You should know what a bar is, right?"

Kong Lingyu's voice immediately became excited, "I understand!

My God, Boss, you are really a genius. How does your brain work?

If this kind of Tieba is developed and launched, Easy Listening website will really become the network gathering place for all the fans in the country! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Tieba is the first step into the community. You must pay attention to it and come up with a product idea as soon as possible. I will take some time to go to Jinling in the next two days to discuss with you."

…

On the second day after the official version of "Oldboys" was released, the simple plan was to set off for Beijing again. And from today onwards, all the major radio stations were broadcasting this song like crazy!

This was a popular song that resonated with people of all ages. Furthermore, the main singer, Zhang Kexuan, was a handsome man. After being broadcasted by so many television stations, it was no wonder that this song did not become popular.

Soon, the entire mainland's pop music industry was shocked by this band named simple plan. Before the first round of Beijing's finals was broadcasted, no one in the pop music industry knew the words "simple plan". "Li Bai" and "Sunflower" did not attract much attention in the industry when they were making their way up the charts on several radio stations. However, "Oldboys" directly pushed simple plan to the national audience. At this time, people in the industry were surprised to find that simple plan was on the pop music charts of all the major radio stations. Furthermore, their band occupied three spots.

"Oldboys" shot to the top of all the major charts in the country. "Li Bai", which was a bit of a playboy, was ranked second on most charts and third on a few charts. "Sunflower", which was also an inspirational song, was also in the top five.

In the pop music industry, there had not been such a b * stard who dominated the charts for a long time.

In the future, Zhou Jielun would definitely be one of them. Unfortunately, Zhou Jielun's first album, "Jay", had just achieved initial success in Taiwan. The people in Taiwan's music industry were still in a daze, and Zhou Jielun's truly popular album, "Fantasia", would only be released in September. Therefore, if Zhou Jielun wanted to become really popular in China, he would have to wait until early 2002.

Right now, it was really a good opportunity to make a name for himself in the music industry. Unlike in the future, Li Mu would never have dreamed that "Muzi", who was not very popular on Yi Ting, would suddenly become popular all over the country. And the reason for this was because of a blatant infringement of copyright.

It turned out that Hua Xia had a primetime program called "Artistic Life", which mainly interviewed some well-known domestic artists. It took the emotional, warm, and tear-inducing route. The most recent episode interviewed an extremely famous singer in the country. When the singer was reminiscing about his late wife, the background music was "When You're Old" by Muzi.

When this piece of music was played, coupled with the emotional theme, it immediately had a perfect tear-jerking effect, moving countless viewers. After the program was broadcasted, countless people searched for this background music on the Internet, and then focused on Mu Zi from the Easy Listening website.

The number of plays of "When You're Old" on Yi Ting continued to increase at several times the speed, and at the same time, it also led to the increase of the data of "Zebra Zebra". Seeing countless netizens' positive comments on "When You're Old" made Li Mu feel a little proud.

As for Hua Xia's unauthorized use of this song as background music, Li Mu did not have any negative feelings in his heart. The current environment was like this. There was almost no authorization for any song to be broadcasted by television and radio stations. However, this kind of wanton broadcasting also created stars that countless audiences were familiar with. It was also a characteristic of this era.

In a very short period of time, "When You're Old" also hit the major music charts at an unimaginable speed. Now, in the top ten of the major music charts, four songs were exclusive to Yi Ting. Even if they had been pirated by countless websites, it did not matter. Li Mu's hunger marketing made it clear to users that Yi Ting was the first website for Simple Plan and Muzi's music.

What Li Mu did not expect was that the unexpected success of Yi Ting made Baidu's internal demonstration of the prospects of MP3 half a year earlier than in his previous life.

Baidu officially launched the MP3 search service in September 2002, but this project was demonstrated half a year earlier.

At that time, Baidu had already detected that the demand for music searches by Internet users was increasing rapidly. They found that a large number of music searchers were diverted to major pirated music websites through the search engine. Baidu felt that if they could retain this group of users, it would greatly increase the traffic and stickiness of Baidu. Therefore, Baidu's MP3 came into being. As soon as it was born, almost all the users who searched for music on Baidu were blocked.

At that time, other websites had not really made a name for themselves. 80% of the user traffic or even more needed to rely on them. Therefore, once Baidu blocked the user's flow at the source, it was equivalent to strangling them by the throat.

However, this phenomenon wasn't a big problem for the Easy Listening website. Its current users were directly converted through various promotions. Most of the users who visited the Easy Listening website would directly enter the domain name of Ting instead of going through the trouble of going to Baidu again. Therefore, Baidu couldn't catch the lifeline of the Easy Listening website.

This time, Baidu's internal demonstration quickly confirmed the idea of doing MP3 search. At the demonstration meeting, the management who insisted on doing MP3 search announced the data of Yi Ting since it was launched. The discordant voices at the scene immediately disappeared.

There was also a voice at the scene. "This Yi Ting's momentum is quite fierce. I've also seen their publicity methods before and after they went online, as well as their product development, unique music, website operation, and user retention. Combined with their data, I can imagine that this brand and team will definitely have great prospects in the future. Why don't we just buy them?"

One of the higher-ups at the scene shook his head. "This team is too young, and the service they provide is also very simple. It will definitely be a big problem for them to retain users in the future. Moreover, they are lucky now and have no natural enemies. If we launch MP3 search, their traffic will definitely decline sharply. In fact, I think that once we, Baidu, launch the MP3 search and download service, all the websites in this field can basically be declared dead!"

I wonder how he will feel when he sees Yi Ting's Tieba in a few days …