Chapter 481

If it was asked who the second generation in Yan Jing wanted to get to know the most, the answer must be Li Mu.

It had been a long time since there was such a dazzling person in the circle of rich second generations in Yanjing. Besides, Li Mu's dazzling aura was not because of his powerful background, but because of his ability to make money.

This kind of aura was more valuable.

Usually, the aura of a rich family background was dazzling, but if you really wanted to turn it into money, there was still a process of energy conversion. It was like guarding a coal mine, and it would take a lot of effort to turn it into electricity. However, Li Mu himself was a nuclear power plant, and no one knew how much he could install.

Although Chen Ze and Cai Zhengmao were not familiar with each other, they actually knew each other very well. Cai Zhengmao's eyes grew on the top of his head, and most of the time, he looked down on this and that. Moreover, his mood was always on his face, and he seldom showed face when he looked down on someone. Moreover, he rarely took the initiative to make friends with others. But today, he actually asked Fatty Wang to make friends with Li Mu, which made Chen Ze quite surprised.

In fact, not only Chen Ze, Li Tong and Hui Ka Ming were also very surprised. It was the first time that they heard that Cai Zhengmao lowered his status to make friends with someone.

Soon, Fatty Wang came with Cai Zhengmao.

As soon as he entered the door, he greeted them one by one. He knew all four of them, including Li Mu, and he had dealt with them more or less, but he didn't go too far.

After the greetings, Fatty Wang pulled him to sit down and smiled, "We are all old friends, let's have a drink together."

Cai Zhengmao was still thinking about his excuse to come over, so he bit the bullet and asked Li Mu, "How's the G55?"

Li Mu smiled politely and said, "It's pretty good."

Cai Zhengmao nodded, "That's good."

Suddenly, he didn't know what to say.

In fact, Cai Zhengmao was not good at this kind of conversation. Generally, he preferred to communicate directly, but this time he couldn't. This time, he wanted to build a good relationship with Li Mu, so he had to find a topic first.

Therefore, he could only ask Li Mu awkwardly, "Does your car have a high gas consumption?"

Li Mu was helpless. He didn't understand why Cai Zhengmao wanted to talk about such a boring topic, so he could only laugh, "After all, that car weighs three tons, so the gas consumption is quite high. It's more than 20 per 100 kilometers."

Fatty Wang couldn't stand it anymore. He finally said something relevant for the proud and honest boy Cai Zhengmao. "Li Mu, Zhengmao knows a lot about supercars. He sells more than half of the supercars on Huabei Road. Now he's the one doing the maintenance. In the future, when your track and club officially open for business, Zhengmao can provide you with a lot of help."

Fatty Wang went straight to the point, finally giving Cai Zhengmao a chance to bring the small talk to the main topic. He nodded and said, "I have cars, customers, and potential customers in my hands. If there's a chance to combine with your project, I believe it will be a win-win situation."

Li Mu nodded and glanced at Chen Ze. He found that Chen Ze was slightly surprised, so he smiled and said, "Zhengmao, are you also interested in the race track?"

Cai Zhengmao waved his hand and said, "I'm not very interested in the race track project alone. If everyone pooled some money to build a place to play cars in the future, it would make sense. But if you want to do something with the race track, it will be a bit difficult. However, I am more interested in your club model. If the club and the race track are combined, the prospects will be wider."

Li Mu knew that Cai Zhengmao wanted to get involved in the CSC Club, but this was a project led by Chen Ze, and he was also a major shareholder. Whether or not to let new partners in, out of respect for the rules, or for Chen Ze, he couldn't make a decision on his own. So he said in a roundabout way, "This project has not officially started yet. We are not sure how big the future is, and we don't dare to think too optimistically."

Right now, Li Mu could only play Tai Chi with Cai Zhengmao. You don't say that you want to join, and I don't say whether or not I will let you in. I'll pretend that I don't understand your trick. When you open up, I'll let Chen Ze make the decision. If he agrees, I won't object. If he doesn't agree, I won't support it.

Cai Zhengmao was also a bit conflicted at the moment. If he took the initiative to say something like whether or not he could join, he would lose face. But Li Mu was playing Tai Chi here, so he didn't know how to continue. If he continued to play Tai Chi, it was possible that the night would be over after a few exchanges. But if he went straight to the heart of the matter, first, he felt that he would lose face, and second, he was worried that he would be rejected by Li Mu and Chen Ze. That would be even more humiliating.

At this time, Chen Ze on the side saw Cai Zhengmao's purpose and Li Mu's conflict. He suddenly said, "Zhengmao, I think if you are interested, you can integrate your high-end car sales and high-end car after-sales maintenance into the club. Originally, I discussed with Li Mu to find a way to improve these links, but to be honest, our import and export links are not as smooth as yours. If you join, we will directly develop these links from scratch, and from there to mature."

As soon as Chen Ze said this, Cai Zhengmao was all spirited. Chen Ze's words made Cai Zhengmao feel very comfortable. Originally, Cai Zhengmao felt that it was a bit shameful to take the initiative to ask others to take him in, but he didn't expect that Chen Ze would take the initiative to offer an olive branch.

Cai Zhengmao couldn't hide his excitement and said, "If that's the case, not only my pre-sales and after-sales, but also my entire customer base can be introduced through the club."

Chen Ze nodded. "Your resources in this area are obvious to all. Everyone is very clear about it."

After that, Chen Ze looked at Li Mu again and asked him, "Li Mu, what do you think?"

Li Mu just deliberately glanced at Chen Ze and deliberately avoided the topic of Cai Zhengmao. He had already released a message to Chen Ze: Cai Zhengmao would not make a decision on this matter, and the specific decision would be decided by Chen Ze. Chen Ze had his own opinion on how to decide, which was equivalent to telling him that he could accept Cai Zhengmao to join.

It was because of this message from Li Mu that Chen Ze took the initiative to invite Cai Zhengmao. This also clearly indicated Chen Ze's own opinion, so Li Mu nodded and said, "If Zhengmao joins, our business will definitely take shape a lot faster."

Chen Ze smiled and said to Cai Zhengmao, "Zhengmao, how about this, the three of us don't drink some other day and find a quieter place to talk about it. What do you think?"

Naturally, Cai Zhengmao happily agreed. He didn't expect this matter to be finalized at the table. As long as he could confirm their intentions, it was enough. As for the specific cooperation, such as how much money he would pay, how many shares he would own, what responsibilities and obligations he would bear, these still needed to be discussed in private.

Having achieved his goal, Cai Zhengmao suddenly felt a lot more relaxed. His usual arrogance disappeared without a trace today, and he interacted very well with Li Mu and the others at the table. Not only did he frequently look for people to clink glasses with, but he also often participated in the conversation at the table. After sitting in the room for half an hour, Cai Zhengmao got up and said goodbye with some business at home. Before he left, he said to Li Mu and Chen Ze, "As for the specific time, just let me know when you guys have discussed it. I have nothing to do recently, so I have plenty of time."

"Okay, I'll definitely contact you when the time and place are set. Don't worry."

Cai Zhengmao was about to leave, and Fatty Wang also felt that he had disturbed enough, so he got up and left with Cai Zhengmao. As soon as the two left, Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "With Cai Zhengmao joining CSC, it will save us a lot of trouble."

Li Mu nodded, "I think so too, but I wasn't sure what you meant just now."

Chen Ze said, "Cai Zhengmao's background, strength, and connections are all very strong, but Cai Zhengmao is a person with high standards. He definitely didn't come to us just to be a businessman of the club. If we really let him join, we will definitely have to give him some shares."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Actually, as long as the two of us together can control the shares, it won't be a problem. Whether it's the racetrack or CSC, the profits generated directly in the future won't be too big. Their profitability is limited, so a little more or less shares won't make a big difference. The most important thing is the ability to integrate resources after the club is formed. If we do this well, we will definitely reap endless benefits in the future."

Chen Ze nodded in agreement and asked Li Mu, "How many shares do you think is suitable?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "We'll give him 10% each, he won't be happy if it's too little. Besides that, I'll give you another 1%."

The original share structure of the whole project was very simple. Li Mu had 40%, Chen Ze had 60%, and Song Liang didn't have any shares in the project. It was just that the specific development of the project would be handed over to Song Liang's registered Wanying Yanjing Company.

Because they hadn't officially started investing, the matter of giving Cai Zhengmao shares could be settled more casually. Both of them took out 10% each, with Chen Ze taking 50%, himself taking 30%, and Cai Zhengmao taking 20%. Since this was the only project that Chen Ze was going to personally manage, Li Mu naturally wanted him to have absolute control. Therefore, Li Mu took out 1% of his 30% and gave Chen Ze. This way, Chen Ze would have 51%, achieving absolute control. There wasn't much difference between his 30% and 29%.

Li Mu asked Chen Ze to have absolute control of the project, not only to ensure his control over the project, but also to give him an absolute sense of security. Li Mu had started his own business a few times, and he was very clear in his heart that he wasn't greedy. He didn't want to have the majority of the company's shares, but he had to ensure that before the company went public, he could have absolute control of the company. Only in this way could he have absolute security and continue to move forward.

Since Li Mu thought this way, Chen Ze naturally had the same consideration. Hearing that Li Mu was so generous, he was filled with gratitude. He raised his glass and said to Li Mu, "Let me toast you. I won't say anything unnecessary, it's all in the wine."