Chapter 153

Given Zhao Ziqiu's family circumstances, she had never thought about doing a part-time job while she was in university. But after getting to know Li Mu and learning about 3321, this unprecedented project, Zhao Ziqiu was a little eager to give it a try.

She had the urge to try tutoring on 3321. On one hand, it was because she was interested in this model. On the other hand, it was because of her subconscious. She always felt that since it was Li Mu's project, she couldn't just simply help with the promotion and publicity. She should become one of the thousands of registered college students in 3321 and find a part-time tutoring job through 3321. Then, she should do it seriously.

It could be said that Zhao Ziqiu was completely sincere, but she hadn't expected Li Mu to turn her down without hesitation. But Li Mu's reason for refusal still warmed Zhao Ziqiu's heart. She thought that since Li Mu really cared about her, she would do as he wished.

Li Mu walked Zhao Ziqiu to her dorm building, and the two of them calmly waved goodbye. Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu had gone upstairs, Li Mu then turned to go back to school. Zhao Ziqiu went up to the second floor and watched through the window as Li Mu sauntered away with his hands in his pockets. With an intoxicating smile on her lips, she muttered to herself, "I'm the only one in the dorm. If you're interested, can you give me a call?"

As soon as she finished speaking, her cell phone rang. Zhao Ziqiu was overjoyed. She took out her cell phone and saw that it was her father's name on the screen. She was a little disappointed, but she still quickly pressed the answer button.

"Hello, Dad."

"What are you doing, daughter?" Father Zhao's voice was low and solemn, but there was also some concern and kindness in it.

"I'm having dinner with my classmates. I just got back to the dorm."

"I've been busy these past couple of days and didn't have time to call you. How's everything at school?"

Zhao Ziqiu giggled. "Pretty good. I've been pretty busy lately, so I didn't have time to call you and mom."

"The learning mission is so heavy?"

"No, I've been working for someone for the past two days."

With that said, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but smile sweetly. Recently, whenever she thought of Li Mu, she couldn't control her facial expression.

Father Zhao's voice suddenly turned a little unhappy. "Your task now is to study and live a good life. It's not like I'll cut off your living expenses or pocket money. Why are you doing a work-study program?"

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly explained, "It's not working outside. A friend of mine started a startup project. These days, our roommates are working for him to promote it."

Father Zhao asked warily, "Your friend started a business?

Where is this friend from?

It can't be someone from the underworld, right? "

"No, it's my classmate's classmate. He's a student at Renmin University."

Hearing this, Father Zhao breathed a little sigh of relief and said lightly, "College students starting a business is small and meaningless. It's best if you don't waste too much time and energy on it. If you want to start a business after graduation, I'll naturally give you my full support."

Zhao Ziqiu said helplessly, "Dad, I don't want to start a business. It's just that this project of his is quite meaningful. Do you remember, he's the friend who drove me to the airport on National Day?"

"Oh, I remember now!"

Father Zhao's interest was piqued. He had heard about this boy from his daughter on National Day. When he heard about the various things that had happened between Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu, he rather admired Li Mu, whom he had never met, so he asked curiously, "That young man is starting a business now?

What kind of project is it? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It's a tutoring website. Its main purpose is to build a platform to connect college students with parents of high school students, and send college students out to tutor high school students."

As she said this, Zhao Ziqiu gave Father Zhao a brief rundown of 3321's situation.

Father Zhao's interest was instantly piqued. Based on what he heard, he asked some questions, such as how to allocate student resources and how to coordinate the competition between parents for top students. Then he asked how to reach an agreement, how to pay for it, and even how to ensure the safety of the students.

Zhao Ziqiu worshipped Li Mu, so she answered every one of Father Zhao's questions very seriously. Before she knew it, the phone call had already gone on for half an hour. On the other end of the line, Father Zhao suddenly fell silent. After a long while, he sighed with emotion. "This young man is very business-minded. Not only does he have ideas, but he also has an unusual way of thinking and rigorous logic. It looks like there's a ninety-nine percent chance that this project will succeed, and if it succeeds, it'll be a big success. When he makes 3321 big, I don't dare say how much money he'll make, but who knows how many resumes and resources he'll get that money can't buy. Amazing."

Zhao Ziqiu knew that her father had always set his sights very high, and rarely gave anyone such a high evaluation, especially of young people. He had always looked down on young people nowadays, feeling that they grew up in a sheltered environment and had high expectations but low ability. Praising Li Mu so much today was probably because he approved of what he had done.

On the other end of the line, Father Zhao said with a smile, "Ask him if he wants financing. As long as he can make 3321 a success in Yanjing and build it to a certain scale, I'll invest in him."

Zhao Ziqiu was delighted and said with a smile, "Dad, you can't go back on your word. If he really wants financing, I'll come to you when the time comes."

"No problem, but you also have to be a little careful. Doing this is very meaningful, but don't work too hard."

"I know, dad, don't worry."

Father Zhao hummed in acknowledgment, then his tone suddenly turned serious as he said, "By the way, I have no problem with you participating in the promotion and operation of this project; you'll be able to learn something, and it's very meaningful. But you're not allowed to tutor me part-time, absolutely not, understand?"

Zhao Ziqiu muttered a little resentfully, "Li Mu just told me today that he wouldn't let me try no matter what, and now you're nagging me again …"

Father Zhao laughed. "That kid is right. Listen up, absolutely not!"

"Okay, got it."

…

Although 3321 had already ended its promotion in high schools, there was still a steady stream of new high school students registering and filling in their personal information. There were even quite a few students from schools that Li Mu and the others had never been to. Not only was Li Mu well aware of this situation, even Sun Tan was well aware of it.

From the day 3321 started its promotion, Sun Tan had understood that 3321 was like an airplane that had accelerated to the speed of its wheels; no one could stop it from taking off at this time. This model had broken through the supply and demand relationship between two levels, which had rarely interacted before, and suddenly complemented each other. College students lacked money, parents of high school students lacked good tutors, and college students just happened to be able to provide high-quality high school tutoring. Once this model was put into operation, success was inevitable, but who knew how much success it would bring.

Compared with 3321, his own student-aid project was too horrible to look at. What Sun Tan was most worried about was that the student-aid project would lose its luster because of 3321, and he would ultimately miss out on the Top Ten College Students selection.

He had looked for Wu Shuai and Zhang Qing because he wanted to find a breakthrough in Li Mu. He couldn't stop 3321, but he could stop Li Mu. If he could find a way to get Li Mu expelled by the National People's Congress before 3321 took off, he would naturally lose his identity as a college student. In addition, without the school to recommend him, even if he made 3321 popular outside, he wouldn't have the right to get involved in the "Top Ten College Students" selection. That way, he would be relatively safe.

However, Sun Tan also felt that this method was too passive. It wouldn't be easy to get rid of Li Mu. Although Renmin University would expel a small number of students every year, each expulsion was based on evidence. For example, insufficient credits, too many absences, or even fighting, seriously damaging the school's reputation, etc. Li Mu had just entered university not long ago, so the possibility of him being expelled due to his lack of credits was zero. Seriously damaging the school's reputation was also impossible. In fact, once he made 3321 bigger and stronger, he would be able to greatly increase the school's reputation.

After thinking about it, the only possibility was a fight. He had a fierce fight with Zhang Qing and the others on the sports field, and the whole school knew about it. But because he was in the right, no one could make a fuss about it.

Right now, what Sun Tan wanted was for Zhang Qing to do everything he could to force Li Mu to take the initiative to attack him, and the bigger the commotion, the better. However, two or three days had passed, and Zhang Qing still hadn't taken any action.

Feeling anxious, Sun Tan called Zhang Qing and asked him what he had been doing for the past two days. Zhang Qing also felt wronged. He had been looking for Li Mu for the past two days, but he couldn't find him.

On the first day, he wanted to wait for Li Mu at the swimming pool because Li Mu frequented the swimming pool the most. Unfortunately, Li Mu hadn't shown up for the past two days.

He also tried to look for him in the teaching building, but because Li Mu had to go out to promote 3321, he would always slip away after calling his name, which made him miss him. Today, he was really anxious because of Sun Tan, so he went to Li Mu's dormitory early in the morning and waited for Li Mu to come.

When Li Mu returned to the National People's Congress from Yanjing University, it was already past nine o 'clock in the evening. He didn't know what the other people in the dormitory were busy with, so Li Mu didn't contact them and prepared to go back to the dormitory directly.

Zhang Qing had been squatting in a corner for more than an hour. When he saw Li Mu coming from afar, he quickly threw the cigarette in his hand to the ground and used the tip of his foot to extinguish it. He was ready to directly confront Li Mu and provoke him.

Sun Tan said that as long as he could make Li Mu make the first move, he would have a way to make Li Mu leave. He was the vice president of the student union in the National People's Congress and had connections with the school. Coupled with the irrefutable evidence that Li Mu made the first move, it would be a piece of cake for him to expel Li Mu.

Therefore, Zhang Qing thought for a long time. In his mind, the most perfect situation was for Li Mu to be with his roommates. He would first pretend to have a physical collision with Li Mu, and then use the most vicious words to provoke Li Mu. He was sure that he could absolutely anger Li Mu. At that time, as long as Li Mu or his roommates couldn't help but make the first move, the others would probably also attack him. Although he would be beaten up, Li Mu would definitely not be able to escape the crime of starting a gang fight. Sun Tan would naturally think of every way to make him pay the price and at the same time help him take revenge.