Chapter 1791

Lu Yunhao's absurd and unyielding character was quickly put into action.

Bull Takeout quickly announced that it would stop its delivery service, and the website went offline within a day. A fierce competition like an egg hitting a rock came to an end.

After that, Lu Yunhao decided to use the rest of the money to invest in English training online education.

Since he could not innovate, he might as well go back to his old profession!

As for IDG, it was impossible to settle accounts. Lu Yunhao was like a loafer who borrowed someone else's car and did not return it. He planned to return the car to the other party when it was scrapped.

IDG was furious, but Lu Yunhao was the one holding the steering wheel now. Hence, they could only condemn Lu Yunhao's shameless behavior while warning him to ensure the transparency of the company's finances. Otherwise, if an audit found any embezzlement, he would be handed over to the police immediately.

Lu Yunhao ignored them. First, he registered a training company called Bull English under Bull Takeout's parent company. Then, he used the excuse of starting a new business to double his salary.

Although IDG was angry, they could only bear with it.

When Li Mu found out that Bull Takeout had stopped its service, he did not have much of a reaction.

From the beginning, Bull Takeout did not have the foundation to shake Hungry Mike. In front of him, not to mention a dabbler like Lu Yunhao, even if he found a marketing master or an operations master, it would be useless.

This was not because he was confident in his own ability, but because Hungry Mike's ecosystem was too perfect. At the same time, he had raised the threshold of the industry to an extremely high level. Whoever wanted to enter had to first spend a lot of money, and at the same time, be prepared to continue spending money.

Moreover, during this period of competition with Bull Takeout, Hungry Mike's overall strength had improved by leaps and bounds.

Now, the production of electric scooters was very fast. After the Shanghai side was freed up, Li Mu immediately asked Hungry Mike to enter the remaining two first-tier cities, Sun City and Shen City.

Shenzhou was also very helpful. The all-in-one commercial machine specially designed for Hungry Mike was quickly developed, and a special production line was set up for production.

Hungry Mike's custom-made mobile phone production was also speeding up. In terms of hardware, Hungry Mike already had the foundation for rapid expansion.

Therefore, other than entering the remaining two first-tier cities, all the provincial capitals in the eastern region were also included in the list of cities to be opened in the near future.

Li Mu's current plan was to cover all of the third-tier cities in the country in the next stage.

With sufficient funds, Hungry Mike's business model was very easy to expand.

Every time they arrived in a city, they would immediately set up a branch office and send a few management personnel over to recruit riders while looking for employees. The employees would sweep the streets to attract shops to move in. Once the shops were online on Hungry Me, the riders could start the food delivery business.

Such a development method did not require the development of one city at a time. Instead, it could directly develop batch by batch after the foundation of first-tier cities was consolidated.

Moreover, there was one very good thing about this business model. There was almost no need for long-distance material transportation. Even if they went to the most remote city in the southwest to do takeout business, the core of the business transaction was still local production and marketing.

Unlike other businesses, the more remote the location, the higher the transportation cost.

The only things that Hungry Mike needed to transport over long distances were the electric scooters, computers, and other hardware equipment. Once the equipment was transported in, the local businesses would be able to operate within a few kilometers.

In this way, it wouldn't be a problem to cover all the prefecture-level cities in the country within this year.

…

When Hungry Mike began to expand its territory across the country, it was already early summer in Beijing.

Spielberg's "Flying Tigers" had basically completed the post-production and was undergoing the final verification, preparing to be officially released worldwide during this summer vacation.

According to Li Mu's request, the entire Hua Xia region, including the three regions of China, had to be released as soon as possible. It would be best if it could be released at the same time as North America.

As for the remaining countries and regions, they could be released later.

Spielberg naturally had no objections to this. It was a film co-produced by Hua Xia and the United States, and it was about the historical story of the two countries working together to resist the imperialists. Releasing it in both countries at the same time was also a form of respect for both countries.

Other than requesting to be the first to be released in the country, Li Mu also hoped to be able to see the sample first. Spielberg decided to personally bring a copy to Li Mu after all the work was done in a few days.

The value of the pre-release copy of a film with an investment of hundreds of millions of dollars was even greater than the investment of the film. It might be a blockbuster with a global box office of more than a billion dollars. However, if the copy was leaked in advance, it would at least be cut in half.

Of course, Li Mu had no objections to Spielberg coming in person. He immediately asked for a room in the executive office area of Makino Technology to be remodeled. At that time, he would invite the senior executives of Makino Technology and Taobao to come over and have a look in advance.

At the same time, good news came from Yan Jing and the United States.

In order to welcome the future Muye Automobile Group, a concave area was planned for Muye Automobile Group in the northeast of Yan Jing, and further northeast of the Capital Airport, covering a total area of three million square meters.

This was only the first stage of land. The Yan Jing Municipal Party Committee also promised that after the three major brands, Volvo, Jaguar, and Land Rover, had all moved in, they would provide at least 1.5 million square meters of industrial land for Muye Automobile Group nearby.

At this time, Yan Jing Automobile, Yan Jing Hyundai, and Yan Jing Benz were already in the comprehensive automobile industry matrix. If Li Mu brought these three brands to Yan Jing, then Yan Jing would become the most developed city in the country with the highest output of the automobile industry.

Therefore, the Yan Jing Municipal Party Committee also attached great importance to this and almost created all the convenient conditions for Muye Automobile Group.

After the plan was made, Li Mu went to the site for a field visit. Although the location was a little farther than the industrial bases of Yan Jing Automobile Group, fortunately, it was next to two highways and a railway, so the traffic was relatively convenient.

Li Mu consulted Chen Ze, who had a better understanding of the automobile industry. Now, the most developed import trade of automobiles and auto parts in the north was the port of Tianjin. At that time, all the equipment transported from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Sweden could be disembarked at the port of Tianjin, and then directly transported to Beijing by rail and road.

Overall, it was relatively convenient.

Cars produced in China, if transported in the country, most of them relied on roads, so it was actually the same everywhere. As long as they didn't go to the too remote southwest and northwest, there was basically not much difference.

Therefore, Li Mu was also relieved.

The planned three million square meters of land was not to be delivered at one time. It needed to be delivered over the next year and a half, including land requisition, demolition, and compensation.

However, at present, more than one million square meters of farmland could be directly requisitioned first, and then the construction of the factory area could be started.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to set up the preparation department of Muye Automobile Group to begin the overall planning and construction of the park in batches.

At the same time, Li Mu also began to have ideas about Elon Musk.

He thought that he might as well ask Musk to move Tesla over.

It just so happened that Tesla didn't have much production capacity at the moment, so the cost of relocation was low.

Moreover, if Musk came to Hua Xia, there would be many benefits. Not only would the cost be low, but in the future, Musk could also be tied to his own Muye Group, and even directly share the production platform. For Tesla, it would be twice the result with half the effort.

Musk almost didn't think much before directly agreeing.

For him, it was definitely a good thing to get closer to Li Mu. After all, Li Mu had strong resources and financial strength. In the future, it would be much better to develop with him than to fight alone in the United States.

Therefore, Musk rushed to China and went to the northeastern suburbs of Yan Jing with Li Mu to inspect the site.

After seeing the site, Musk was very excited. He was very satisfied with the place.

In his words, "This is the capital of China. It's adjacent to the capital's airport, and the railway and road transportation are very convenient. It's also very close to the Jinshi port. It's indeed a good place with unique advantages."

Li Mu said to him, "In that case, start moving the team, the laboratory, and the factory here."

Musk nodded and said, "By the way, Li Zong, you have made progress in the financial audit of Volvo, Jaguar, and Land Rover. The audit of Volvo should be completed within this month. If there are no problems, you can prepare for the relocation."

Li Mu said, "The construction of the factory in Yan Jing will start soon. Once the factory is built, you can move Volvo and Tesla bit by bit. I think Volvo's technology is more suitable to cooperate with Tesla. After Volvo moves to Yan Jing, you can use Volvo's S-class platform to develop the first mass-produced model of Volvo."

Musk nodded and said, "In addition to the S-class platform, I am also interested in Volvo's active safety technology. Combined with some of the technology that Tesla is doing, I think we can achieve basic autonomous driving assistance in the future."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Technology's autonomous driving assistance?

What functions can it achieve? "

Musk said, "We already have adaptive cruise technology. What's different from cruise is that it can automatically identify the distance and speed of the car in front, automatically control the speed, and maintain a constant distance from the car in front. This way, the driver can relax a lot."

As he spoke, Musk continued, "Actually, with the combination of cameras and computer processing, we can also achieve a lane recognition function. It can determine whether a vehicle is driving in the lane or not. If it's connected to a loudspeaker, it can give a warning to the driver when the lane deviates. If we add an automatic direction adjustment function to the steering wheel and link the lane recognition and steering wheel together, we can achieve automatic lane maintenance. For example, if there's a turn ahead, the driver doesn't need to turn the steering wheel himself. The lane recognition system can transmit the signal to the steering wheel and let the steering wheel correct itself."

Musk paused for a second and said, "Adaptive cruise can allow the car to follow the car safely. If the lane recognition function is supplemented with lane correction, it can control the direction of the car according to the changes in the lane. This way, on the highway, the driver doesn't need to worry. He doesn't need to step on the gas pedal or the brake. He only needs to look at the road ahead and intervene when there is an emergency."

Li Mu nodded. This function was indeed quite common in the later generations. Even the Tesla of the later generations could achieve a very powerful automatic driving function. But according to Musk's analysis, the powerful automatic driving function of the Tesla in the later generations was actually a whole solution formed by the realization and integration of functions one by one.

:)

:)