Chapter 416

Song Liang's understanding of real estate was much more profound than Li Mu's. He said to Li Mu, "If you ask me to summarize real estate in one sentence, I don't think I would say that it's an empty deal. Real estate in China is more like a story of borrowing a chicken to lay an egg."

"Land is the chicken that the government can place an order with. As long as the developer has the ability to borrow the chicken, the bank with a large amount of feed will immediately lend you the feed. How many eggs can this chicken lay depends on the ability of the real estate developer. After all, the chicken is not borrowed for free. If it is not done well, the business of borrowing a chicken to lay an egg will end up with nothing."

At this moment, Li Mu was thinking about the son of the richest man who would become an Internet celebrity in the future. His family's commercial real estate was all over the country. When Wanda Plaza became a landmark in the first and second tier cities in the country, it was said that Wanda would receive investment invitations from hundreds of cities every year. In order to attract Wanda Plaza to settle in, the local government often gave great preferential policies and support. Some cities could even get land at zero price. Even so, Wanda had to carefully consider whether to invest in the place.

Doing large-scale commercial real estate, and the government was willing to give land for free. It seemed like a fool's dream now, but Li Mu knew that this was not a fantasy. It was something that had actually happened.

Wanda Plaza's model was very advanced in the domestic commercial real estate industry. It was not as simple as commercial real estate development and operation. Wanda Plaza was tied to a large number of high-end brands. Wherever Wanda Plaza opened, the tied companies would follow. Therefore, once Wanda Plaza chose to enter a city, it would not only bring ordinary consumer entertainment, but also a large number of well-known brands. It was very attractive to consumers. For the local government, it was also a multi-purpose investment strategy. Therefore, in order to introduce Wanda Plaza, they lowered their stance and gave various preferential policies.

It was precisely because of Wanda Plaza's operation model that Wanda was qualified and confident to say that it sounded arrogant, but there was no doubt that Wanda Plaza was the center of the city.

Compared with commercial real estate, the status of the government in residential real estate was absolutely high. Unless there was a strong internal relationship, the possibility of residential real estate receiving strong preferential support from the government was very small. The only few possibilities were: the reconstruction of old urban areas, the reconstruction of shanty towns, the construction of new urban areas, these projects were risky and difficult to operate, and they could be doomed at any time.

Song Liang saw that Li Mu didn't say a word and seemed to be thinking about something while driving. He couldn't help asking him, "What are you thinking about?

Tell me about it. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm still thinking about commercial real estate. The more I think about it, the more promising it seems."

Song Liang said, "If you really think it's promising, then we can try to do it. The kind of commercial real estate planning you just mentioned, I think it's very far-sighted. But if we really want to do commercial real estate in Yanjing, we have to first gain a foothold under the feet of the emperor. First, we have to cut in from residential real estate, practice, and accumulate some capital. After all, the cost of doing commercial real estate is still very high."

Li Mu nodded. Money wasn't a problem. This year, he had at least four cash flows in his hands. One was the Legendary Overlord plug-in, which had a monthly income of about one million.

Another was Happy Farm, which had a daily income of one million. If it could maintain its popularity this year, it could at least earn a few hundred million yuan. There was also Miracle MU, which was about to end its beta testing. If this game couldn't achieve a daily income of three to five million in the first half of the year, it would be a waste of his life. When Jiucheng was operating it, it should have a daily income of nearly ten million.

The last cash flow was YY, which was about to go online. If YY went online and all kinds of value-added services became popular, the daily income would be at least a million.

Li Mu was the absolute major shareholder of Makino Technology and Storm Entertainment. The money he would earn this year was estimated to be an astronomical figure. This didn't include the estimated income from Li Mu's plan to cash out the shares in Easy Listening. If it was included, it would really be a bumper harvest this year.

With so many profit points in hand, Li Mu also had enough confidence to invest in real estate projects. This year, he would first use residential real estate to practice and break in with Song Liang and Chen Ze. If this team really had a tacit understanding, next year, he could start a large-scale commercial real estate project. Maybe he could even open Yanjing's "Wanda Plaza" in 2003.

While driving, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "I've booked a luxury suite in a five-star hotel at East Third Ring Road for you. Chen Ze will come over for lunch at noon. Let's eat in the hotel room and talk as we eat."

"Okay, you're the host, I'll listen to your arrangements."

As soon as he finished speaking, there was a rapid honking sound behind the car. Li Mu glanced at the rearview mirror and saw a black sports car closely following his car. Not only did the other party keep honking, but it also kept flashing its headlights.

Just as he was puzzled, Li Mu glanced at the lanes on his left and right. On the left side, a small car was half a car's length ahead of him. Its speed was similar to his, about 120 km/h. On the right side, a bus was not slow either, at least 110 km/h. It was a little behind him. The black sports car behind obviously wanted to overtake him, but at this time, including Li Mu, the three cars did not leave enough space for him to overtake. He kept honking and flashing his headlights, probably to urge Li Mu to speed up and make way for him.

Being urged so impolitely behind him, Li Mu was a little unhappy. What was so great about the sports car?

He should also follow the traffic rules on the highway. His speed was already the highest allowed range. If it still wanted to overtake him, it should find a way to overtake him from both sides. At least, he would not overtake and make way for it. So Li Mu ignored him and maintained the same speed of 120 km/h.

When the black sports car behind saw that Li Mu ignored him, it kept honking and flashing its headlights. Although it was daytime, the headlights of the rear car were still very eye-catching and flashing, which was quite annoying.

Song Liang turned his head and glanced at it. He couldn't help but scold, "What's the point of driving a G8 BMW?"

Li Mu's expression was a little sullen. "He's showing off."

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, the BMW behind him finally waited for the bus on his right to open up a certain distance from him. Then, he suddenly accelerated and quickly overtook Li Mu from the right. The moment he was parallel to Li Mu, Li Mu saw the driver of the BMW clearly. It was a young man in his twenties, and in addition to him, there was also a beautiful girl sitting in the passenger seat. The BMW driver and Li Mu ran side by side for a few seconds, then he gave Li Mu a middle finger, and seemed to be cursing something, then he stepped on the accelerator and sped up quickly. Then, just as the other party overtook him by half a space, he suddenly parallel to Li Mu from the right side. He was very fast, and immediately parallel to Li Mu. At such a close distance, he overtook Li Mu from the right side, and suddenly overtook Li Mu from the right side. The driver clearly wanted to cut Li Mu off at high speed. If Li Mu subconsciously turned the steering wheel, he would definitely lose control and directly hit the guardrail in the middle of the road. The driver's behavior was simply not taking human life seriously, and it was definitely dangerous driving.

Fortunately, Li Mu held the steering wheel tightly with both hands and was not affected by the other party's sudden parallel. But when he saw the other party parallel to him at such a close distance, he was still shocked and sweated. If the bastard had changed lanes a little earlier, maybe the two cars would have collided. This was on the highway. His speed was 120, and the other party's speed was at least 160. If there was a slight collision, both cars would probably be finished. There were a lot of cars on the road today. If there was an accident, it would definitely hurt other cars.

Li Mu, who rarely suffered from road rage, saw the black BMW Z4 quickly jump in the traffic in front of him like an S-shape. He couldn't help but curse, "Damn, this bastard is driving a car to death!"

Song Liang said angrily, "Yan Jing is really a big city. Even the drivers have such a bad temper. Damn, he is so arrogant with a small sports car. If he drives a Ferrari, he will go to heaven."

Li Mu gritted his teeth and said, "That car doesn't have a license plate. If I can't meet it in the future, forget it. If I meet it, I will settle accounts with him!"

Song Liang said with a smile, "Well, don't be so angry. You drive a GL8, and he drives a BMW Z4. He will buy at least two or three of your cars. Of course, he doesn't take you seriously. If you drive a Benz S600, do you think he would dare to urge you from behind?

He wouldn't dare even if he had the guts. "

Li Mu nodded. Song Liang was right. Driving on the road was indeed like this. People who drove good cars seemed to be born with more face than people who drove ordinary cars.

Song Liang said at this time, "You should also change your car. This kind of car is not suitable for you to drive. You said that you are alone in Yan Jing. At most, you will have a girlfriend. What is the use of buying a seven-seater business car?"

Li Mu said, "Didn't I want to be low-key and practical at the beginning? I didn't want to buy an old car like Accord or Passat, so I bought this one."

"Hurry up and change it."

Song Liang waved his hand and said, "Change it to a million yuan. In the future, there will be fewer people who dare to bare their teeth at you on the street. There must be a lot of imported good cars in Yan Jing. You can find one."

Li Mu was also moved by Song Liang's words. He also had the idea of changing cars before. The GL8 was comfortable, but it was far worse in control and power. It was hard to accelerate, and there was no feeling of stepping on the accelerator at all. When he accelerated from 0 to 100 on the highway, it would take almost ten seconds. When he reached 120, it would be even more difficult to accelerate. Although Li Mu wouldn't race with others, he couldn't stand being bullied by others on the road. What's more, at that moment, he really didn't feel confident. Although his 120 was not good, it was definitely not stable. If something really happened, he wouldn't even have tears to cry.

Besides, he had a lot of money on hand now, so it was reasonable to change cars.