Chapter 973

All of Le Tao's technical staff were originally in high spirits, but because of the watermark logo that Taobao suddenly displayed, their mood changed drastically. They instantly fell from the clouds to the mud.

Lu Zhaoxi was already waiting for the good news that he had successfully collected all the items, but he suddenly received the news that Taobao had added a watermark logo. Surprised, he immediately opened Taobao and randomly found an item to open. As soon as he entered the details page, Lu Zhaoxi's heart immediately turned cold.

This feeling was like a bunch of stupid thieves driving trucks, loaders, and other equipment to the granary to steal grain, but when they arrived, they found that they could not move the whole bag of grain into the truck. They could only pick it up one grain at a time and take it away by hand. The degree of disappointment was obvious.

Lu Zhaoxi realized the seriousness of the problem. He immediately got up and rushed to Boss Ma's office. Boss Ma was in a rare good mood. He made himself a pot of tea. Seeing Lu Zhaoxi come in, Boss Ma smiled and said, "Zhaoxi, you came at the right time. Come and have a cup of tea."

Boss Ma greeted Lu Zhaoxi and asked him, "Have we started our collection work?"

Seeing Boss Ma's relaxed expression, Lu Zhaoxi suddenly felt sorry for him.

During this period of time, Lu Zhaoxi knew Boss Ma's state. He knew that Boss Ma's mood was particularly low and that he had been living a hard life. But now, Le Tao had found a glimmer of hope in a desperate situation. He was ready to vigorously promote C2C and even poach small and medium-sized sellers directly from Taobao. But he didn't expect that Li Mu's trick, which he thought was impossible to defend against, was once again countered by Li Mu, and in such a disgusting way. Lu Zhaoxi was depressed. At the same time, he was also worried that Boss Ma's heart, which had finally calmed down, would be hit again.

Seeing that Lu Zhaoxi wanted to say something, Boss Ma also felt that something was wrong. He hurriedly asked him, "What's wrong?

Did something happen again? "

He said the word "again" with extreme helplessness.

Ever since Boss Ma was jealous of Li Mu's involvement in the retail side of e-commerce, he had been digging holes for Li Mu. Every time, he would think about it carefully and was determined to get what he wanted. However, every time, there would be unforeseen events that would ruin his plans.

Although Boss Ma felt that the Taobao small and medium-sized sellers were in the bag this time, and he couldn't even think of a way for Li Mu to control so many sellers, his heart still thumped when he saw Lu Zhaoxi's dejected expression. He thought to himself, 'Could it be that Li Mu found a way to solve this problem?'

Lu Zhaoxi sighed and sat in front of Boss Ma. He hesitated for a moment and said, "Taobao suddenly used some technology to add their watermark logo to the pictures on all the product details pages. Now, every picture has the semi-transparent white word 'Taobao' and their website links. It's disgusting."

Boss Ma was stunned. He immediately went to his desk and opened the webpage to take a look. The moment he saw it, he felt as if he had fallen into an icehouse!

Boss Ma's face was ashen. He felt a surge of anger in his heart, and it almost completely gathered in his hands. He only had one thought in his mind: Smash the monitor!

He was so angry!

Boss Ma had provoked Li Mu many times and was rebuked by Li Mu many times. However, he had never been as angry as he was right now!

Before today, the thing that angered Boss Ma the most was that Li Mu had sniped Le Tao's carefully planned promotion. However, that was because Li Mu was too strong. He completely crushed him with his strength. Although he lost completely, he didn't feel bad about it. However, what happened today was simply unacceptable!

He wanted to quickly poach a batch of Taobao sellers and quickly put a batch of shops and products on Le Tao's shelves. Initially, he naively thought that Li Mu would definitely rack his brains to think about how to deal with him poaching people and how to restrict his sellers from opening shops on other platforms. However, he didn't expect that Li Mu would completely change his plan. He didn't think about the problem according to his speculation. He only thought of the simplest and most effective method: 'Don't you want to poach my people?

Fine, I'll let you poach them, but it won't be that easy. '

Not only did Li Mu's method completely exceed Boss Ma's expectations, but it was also extremely effective. If Boss Ma wasn't Li Mu's opponent, and if he was a bystander watching how Li Mu would solve the problem, he would definitely feel as if there was a light at the end of the tunnel.

Unfortunately, he wasn't a bystander. He was standing on the opposite side of Li Mu. Therefore, it was an absolute crushing of his intelligence. It made him feel as if his intelligence had been greatly insulted …

Lu Zhaoxi saw Boss Ma's gloomy expression as he sat in front of the computer and fell into deep thought.

After a while, Boss Ma said with a solemn expression, "Li Mu is buying time for himself. He is using this method to greatly delay the speed of our promotion. Then, he will have more time to think of a solution. Li Mu knows that if we want to put these products on Le Tao's shelves, the first thing we can be sure of is that we can't keep the Taobao logo. In this case, there are only two choices. One is to manually deal with the logo, and the other is to give up on letting the sellers put it on the shelves in bulk and let them do it themselves. In short, no matter which method we use, we will lose the fastest and most efficient way!

Li Mu is really too smart! "

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma let out a long breath and said, "You see, they are really too smart. The position of each logo is random. Not only is it not uniform, but there are also no rules. In this case, it is impossible for us to block it in bulk. In terms of efficiency, it is simply regressing from the era of the internet to the era before the industrial revolution …"

Lu Zhaoxi said, "There is no good solution for the logo for the time being. If we want to ensure execution, it is not possible to let the sellers do it all. Why don't we just hire some part-timers to do the manual blocking and use the blurring filter of Photoshop software to deal with the entire watermark part of the logo?"

Boss Ma gritted his teeth and was silent for a while. Suddenly, he said with some annoyance, "I just thought of a problem!

If we collect the product information without the watermark, we can directly put it on the shelves. To the public, it can be said that it is the seller's voluntary action. After all, if the seller can upload the product information on Taobao, they can upload the same information on Le Tao. This is understandable. However, if the information we put on the shelves includes the masking of the Taobao logo, it means that we are admitting to ourselves. We will publicly let the whole industry know that we collected the product information of Taobao. "

Lu Zhaoxi was thinking about how to deal with the watermark on Taobao's website. He did not think about this. After Boss Ma said this, he immediately realized the seriousness of this problem.

Although most companies would use unfair or immoral means to compete, most of them could only do it secretly. If Le Tao put on a large number of product information that covered the Taobao logo, it would be like slapping their own faces!

After hesitating for a while, Boss Ma said gloomily, "Now that things have come to this, it is basically impossible for us to ensure efficiency. We can only change the method. Immediately sort out a group of the most promising Taobao sellers who are willing to cooperate with us. Then, communicate with them and ask them to provide us with pictures of their products. We will form a part-timers team. Based on the details of their Taobao stores and the original pictures that they provide us, we will manually upload the products one by one. Although the efficiency is very low, there is strength in numbers. If a part-timers team of one to two hundred people can work together, I think it will not be a problem for us to upload ten thousand products a day."

Lu Zhaoxi said in surprise, "Completely manually upload?

Then this is really going to take a lot of effort … "

"There is no other way."

Boss Ma said, "A large part of the reason why these Taobao sellers agreed to cooperate with us was because of what we said at the beginning. We told them not to worry about anything and that we will handle everything for them. If we go back on our word and ask them to manually upload the product information, they will definitely feel very disappointed. Moreover, everyone has a tendency to be lazy. Even if they are willing to do it, it will be very difficult for them to immediately do it. I estimate that it will drag on for ten days to half a month. We can't wait that long!"

As he said that, Boss Ma continued, "So we will try our best to simplify it for them. They only need to stuff all the picture materials into a compressed package and send it to us. At that time, how to filter out the picture of a product from the many pictures will also be done by our part-time team. We won't add any extra work to these sellers. Only in this way can we ensure that we successfully upload tens of thousands of products and hundreds of shops in the next three to five days to support the scene. At that time, we will immediately guide the flow to these shops and let the other sellers who are still watching see the profit space. Once they feel that it is profitable, they will naturally be willing to take action."

Lu Zhaoxi thought for a moment and nodded gently. He sighed and said, "It seems like this is the only way. However, in this way, all the work that our technical department has done in the past few days will basically go down the drain. I'm afraid it will bring a big blow to everyone's enthusiasm."

Boss Ma frowned and said, "The more it is like this, the more you have to play the role of a leader. The opponent is very powerful, and the opponent has also made us pay a lot of useless work and take a lot of detours. However, the more it is like this, the more we can't be dispirited. Instead, we have to let the team form a desire for revenge in their hearts. We have to unite against the enemy, mobilize everyone's enthusiasm, and let everyone burst out with greater potential to compete with the opponent!"

Lu Zhaoxi immediately became serious and said, "Boss Ma, I understand. Don't worry, I will definitely carry it out well."