Chapter 1710

Due to the prosperous development of the small commodity industry, people from all over the country poured into Yiwu and covered the entire small commodity industry chain.

Some people opened stalls here to do wholesale, some people came here to do wholesale goods for sale, and some people opened factories here to even supply raw materials to the factories.

The small commodity market was a very unique local economic model and also a very successful economic model. In Li Mu's view, Yiwu was like Hengdian Film City, a successful example of industrial centralization.

However, behind the success was not all glory. At least, in this era, Yiwu's small commodity market was still filled with a large number of pirated and shoddy products, almost all of which came from small workshops gathered around Yiwu.

In the suburbs of Yiwu, there were many small workshops hidden in residential houses. Most of these small workshops were family-run small factories. Whether it was day or night, the roar of the machines was incessant, and the smell of plastic and various chemical products lingered.

It did not cost too much to run a small factory like this. Generally, one would rent a good place, buy one or two machines, and start work first. The products produced were directly transported to the various stalls in the small commodity market, and then they would be wholesale to the whole country, or even overseas.

Wang Zhongyun was 40 years old this year and had worked hard in Yiwu for more than ten years. Eight years ago, he used all his money to open a small factory that produced stickers. Taking advantage of Gu Tianle and Li Ruotong's version of "The Return of the Condor Heroes", he made a lot of money.

At that time, he had a unique vision and knew that Gu Tianle and Li Ruotong were bound to become popular. Not only did he take down the stills and make them into stickers like his competitors, but he also asked his friends in Shenzhen to buy a lot of photos and magazines in Hong Kong.

At that time, his strategy was to ask his friends to buy one or two copies of any publications that had high-definition images of Gu Tianle and Li Ruotong, whether it was photos, magazines, or anything else. Then, he would combine these daily life photos and photos into the layout of the ancient period stills and print them together.

At that time, Wang Zhongyun mainly produced 16 and 32 format stickers. When others printed such stickers, they would choose a bunch of stills and put them in one set. When the typesetting was almost done, they would start printing.

But Wang Zhongyun was different. Every edition of his stickers was a combination of the past and the present. He used stills that everyone had and one or two modern photos that no one else had. He immediately pulled away from his competitors and became the most popular sticker product in the stalls and stationery stores outside primary schools across the country.

What's more, after tasting the sweetness, he even specially found someone to use the computer to make the five words "New Legend of the Condor Heroes" logo. Then, he printed it on the upper right corner of each poster as the unique logo of his own product.

This time, it was really awesome. The five words "The New Legend of the Condor Heroes", which were full of martial arts style, instantly became the object of pursuit by the students. It also became the students' favorite sticker. Many people bought a whole piece just for the logo of these five words, so that they could stick it on the most desired place, such as a pencil case, book cover, diary, or notebook cover.

The average retail price of a sticker was as high as forty or fifty cents, and the cost price was less than ten cents. However, because Wang Zhongyun's products were the most popular, the price of the stickers could reach an astonishing twenty cents or even higher, which was a lot higher than other competitors.

When it was crazy, the stall owners in Yiwu would bring cash to his workshop to buy the stickers, and he could sell tens of thousands of stickers a day.

With this kind of superhuman brain, Wang Zhongyun saved millions of yuan in a few years, and the sticker factory grew bigger and bigger. Now, he had a total of five production lines in Yiwu, each of which was distributed separately, and could produce tens of thousands of stickers a day.

From Princess Pearl to Meteor Garden, as long as there was a popular IP appearing in the market, Wang Zhongyun would be able to hitch a ride and earn a large sum of money. Moreover, he was constantly improving his workmanship and craftsmanship. Others were just casually printing, but he was constantly improving his craftsmanship. He even specially added a laminating process to make his products thicker and more durable.

In the past two years, Wang Zhongyun had not been looking forward to a popular IP in the market. Although the Taiwanese idol dramas were still relatively popular, they could no longer repeat the history of Meteor Garden.

Thinking back to Meteor Garden, Wang Zhongyun often bragged to people while smoking, "Back in the day, even a piece of A4 paper could be sold for 50 cents as long as it was printed with a colored F4 photo. My stickers were often hyped up to a retail price of a few yuan or even higher. At that time, the wholesale market in Yiwu went crazy. The same thing, if it wasn't printed with an F4, no one would look at it, and if it was printed with an F4, it would be immediately snatched up. These wholesalers brought it to various places, and it was also immediately snatched up by students. At that time, as long as the printing machine was turned on, the speed of making money was almost the same as printing money!"

Taiwan's F4 definitely could not have imagined that they had filmed Meteor Garden and helped Hua Xia, a workshop owner who produced stickers, earn the second and third million of her life.

Meteor Garden made Wang Zhongyun realize a sudden wealth, but it also made him live in the shadow of Meteor Garden ever since.

It was said to be a shadow because ever since then, Wang Zhongyun had never been able to replicate the peak of the Meteor Garden period. During the Meteor Garden period, all the teenagers flocked to buy their stickers. After the Meteor Garden period, the market share of the sticker market was instantly halved.

It was during the Meteor Garden period that his factory expanded to five sets of equipment, and since the popularity of Meteor Garden passed, these five production lines had never been able to operate at full capacity again.

Until the Panda Bear exploded in popularity, bringing unprecedented benefits to Wang Zhongyun.

The Panda Bear's explosive popularity had reached all age groups. It was not like The Return of the Condor Heroes or Meteor Garden, where the users who bought the stickers were a group of teenagers between eight and nine years old to thirteen or fourteen years old. The Panda Bear stickers were now so popular that high school and college students would paste them on their bicycles and school bags. Taxi drivers in their twenties and thirties would buy a sticker and paste it on the door, rear, or rear windshield.

According to the feedback from the wholesalers, the elderly liked to paste it on their radios because this thing was really too interesting to them. It was the best to use to play with their grandchildren.

Therefore, the Panda Bear stickers had an audience of the whole nation this time.

Wang Zhongyun, who had a keen sense of smell, immediately turned the production capacity of the five production lines to the maximum. He also asked his old father to recruit seven or eight villagers from his hometown inland to help. The experienced helped the newbies, ensuring that the production lines would run 24 hours a day.

A large number of Panda Bear stickers were produced and transferred from his five production lines to Yiwu's small commodity market.

Wang Zhongyun also knew that his main business was involved in copyright infringement, so he had never registered a company. Even his production lines were distributed under five different towns. This way, not only could he avoid risks to the greatest extent, but he could also avoid taxes.

Some big customers came to him and hoped that he could register a company so that they could conduct business transactions. However, he also inquired about many formal factories and found that formal factories had to pay various kinds of taxes. Moreover, most of the customers who worked with the factories were also companies. Therefore, they did not smuggle accounts. When they received money, they had to issue invoices, and when they issued invoices, they had to pay taxes.

Wang Zhongyun was not willing to sacrifice this part of the profits, so he waved his hand and said that in the future, he would no longer be a customer of any company. Whoever wanted to buy goods had to pay in cash. There was no invoice, and there was no invoice to be issued.

Anyway, his production capacity was limited. There were still a large number of vendors waiting for him at full capacity. These people opened stalls in the small commodity market, and most of them paid a fixed amount of taxes. Therefore, their goods in and out of the market were directly paid in cash, and there was no need to issue invoices.

In the past two days, Wang Zhongyun had sold more than 100,000 stickers every day, and he was not worried about selling them at all. More than 20 stalls had ordered from him, and 100,000 stickers were not enough to sell.

Moreover, the current economic development was a lot stronger than the previous two years, and the people's spending power had also increased. A 16 open sticker could retail for more than one yuan. Wang Zhongyun sold it for nearly 50 cents per piece, and the cost was about 10 cents at most. The profit was extremely high.

He sold 100,000 stickers every day, and he earned 50,000 yuan every day, which was a net profit of 40,000 yuan.

Wang Zhongyun even took the time to invite a God of Wealth statue of Guan Yu to be placed in his house, hoping that Guan Yu would bless him with 40,000 yuan every day, and that he could earn enough for a year, oh no, two years, and it would be best if it could be three years.

His wife kept asking him, "Can Panda Bear really be popular for three years?"

Wang Zhongyun said, "Don't you know who's operating Panda Bear? That's Li Mu we're talking about!

Hua Xia is the most amazing entrepreneur. If the things he started up were to be popular in three months, wouldn't that be slapping his own face?

So just wait and see, with Li Mu around, Panda Bear will be popular for at least another three years! "

"Oh my god, three years of popularity, then wouldn't we be able to earn 40 to 50 million yuan?"

Wang Zhongyun waved his hand. "You're underestimating me for 40 to 50 million yuan. I'm preparing to launch a few more sets of equipment in the next two days. This time, I've targeted a new market!"

His wife asked in surprise, "What market?!"

"The car market!"

Wang Zhongyun said, "A lot of drivers buy our stickers, but they think that they're too small. I'm thinking, what if we directly produce large stickers?

Wouldn't it be more eye-catching to stick it on the car like this? "

As he said that, Wang Zhongyun said again, "Drivers are all rich people. Even taxi drivers aren't short of a few yuan, so we can set the price a little higher. If we sell it for two yuan each and let them sell it for four yuan in the market, I believe we'll still be able to sell out."

"Two yuan each?"

Wang Zhongyun's wife was dumbfounded when she heard that. She said, "There's no difference in the cost of printing small and large paintings. Will anyone buy it if it's so expensive?"

Wang Zhongyun smiled mysteriously and said, "Don't worry. Although the cost isn't different, the consumer group we're facing has changed. Children definitely won't be able to afford stickers that cost a few yuan each, and they won't be willing to buy them. But adults don't care about this bit of money, especially car owners!"

His wife was so happy that she couldn't close her mouth. She said, "In that case, wouldn't we be able to earn tens of millions or even hundreds of millions in three years?"

Wang Zhongyun nodded and said, "My goal is to take advantage of Panda Bear's wave to earn 100 million yuan!"

First, set a small goal, such as 1 second.