Chapter 996

Less than an hour after entering the shop, Dong Shaoping, who had been secretly mocking Han Wei for making money, sat in front of Han Wei's computer. His eyes were red and bloodshot.

Morning was the time when white-collar workers went to work. Moreover, white-collar workers had relatively strong purchasing power. Therefore, this time was considered a peak period for the e-commerce industry.

In about an hour, Dong Shaoping saw with his own eyes that 78 jackets had been sold in Han Wei's shop.

78 jackets in an hour. Dong Shaoping was even more jealous than Han Wei, who had stayed up all night.

Dong Shaoping even felt that the speed of printing money at a banknote printing machine was probably not as fast as this.

At this rate of earning money, Han Wei might be able to sell a thousand jackets in another day.

If he really sold a thousand jackets, that would be a net profit of 58,000 yuan. That was equivalent to his annual income in one day. This was too f * cking scary.

The more he saw Han Wei's shop selling jackets, the more anxious Dong Shaoping became. He suddenly wanted to look at his own shop and see his seller's YY. Would the good things that Han Wei had experienced also happen to him?

Therefore, Dong Shaoping said to Han Wei, "Little Wei, lend me the computer. I'll log into my seller's YY to take a look."

Han Wei was dealing with dozens of sellers at the moment. However, after hearing Dong Shaoping's words, he hesitated for a moment and gave the computer to him.

Dong Shaoping logged into his seller's YY with anticipation. However, his mood instantly fell to the bottom.

His seller's YY had no contact from the buyers at all. There was not a single message.

A seller's YY with no news at all. Compared to a seller's YY with dozens of people talking at any time and causing his computer to lag to death, Dong Shaoping felt extremely uncomfortable.

He felt that the heavens were too unfair. Even if he was lucky, he was more qualified than Han Wei. Han Wei was stupid, inflexible, and did not dare to take the first step. Until now, he was still working and managing his online shop at the same time.

In comparison, she was much more hardworking, courageous, and flexible than him. Not only did she quit her job to run an online store full-time, but even though she only had an elementary school diploma, she still worked hard to learn about the Internet. At the same time, she racked her brains to think of ways to increase traffic and sales. She even worked hard to open stores on both Taobao and LeTao platforms. She was much better than Han Wei in all aspects. Why did Han Wei have to be the lucky one and not her?

While Dong Shaoping was envious of Han Wei's "dumb luck," similar things were happening to many other Taobao sellers.

As it entered the morning, the traffic on the internet increased. More and more Taobao products received the chance to be promoted by the Taobao Alliance. A random product recommendation could lead to more than 10,000 users' traffic within an hour. Therefore, more and more Taobao sellers like Han Wei made a fortune without even knowing it.

However, there were also many people like Dong Shaoping who saw other people in the same industry making a fortune. They did not lose to them in any way, but they did not have the chance to make a fortune. It was frustrating and confusing at the same time.

That morning, all the Taobao sellers went crazy. They were all using their own methods to find the source of the unexpected traffic to Taobao. Some people found advertisements for the Taobao Alliance from other websites, but they did not understand the rules of the Taobao Alliance. They did not understand the operating mechanism, and they did not understand the recommendation mechanism. Therefore, all kinds of speculations and comments arose among the sellers.

At the same time, the entire LeTao looked like it was shrouded in the apocalypse.

This morning, the people of LeTao learned about the product of the "Taobao Alliance". After Boss Ma took the lead and everyone learned about the Taobao Alliance, their battered hearts suffered a heavy blow again.

Originally, the conversion rate of LeTao's external traffic was pitifully low. However, no one expected that overnight, even a big platform like Taobao, which had Makino Technology and the strong support of the YY system, would start to steal traffic from the entire internet. Moreover, the way he stole traffic was terrifying.

This feeling was like standing under the sun and fishing. It was hot, sunny, tired, and thirsty. The fish had not taken the bait for a long time. At this time, a buddy suddenly came and threw a few beer bottles stuffed with gunpowder into the water, causing them to explode. This mood was simply terrible.

On the one hand, seeing him explode so many fish so easily, while his hard work yielded little effect, he felt very uncomfortable. On the other hand, it was already difficult for him to catch any fish. After being exploded by him, the fish in the river were almost extinct, and he could not even think about catching a single hair.

The advertising model of the "Taobao Alliance" was too scary. Now, almost all individual webmasters were willing to connect to the "Taobao Alliance". The "Taobao Alliance" advertisements were everywhere.

To Le Tao, this was simply fatal.

After roughly understanding what the "Taobao Alliance" was and what its goal was, Boss Ma really wanted to quit. After being hit by Li Mu repeatedly, no matter how strong Boss Ma's mentality was, he had already been defeated by Li Mu.

Boss Ma also had to admit that Li Mu's current move was really f * cking amazing!

First, they would use a better partnership model to plunder the external traffic, making Le Tao's situation worse. Then, they would use the external traffic to nourish Taobao's C2C business, which was to nourish those small and medium-sized sellers. This way, they would have a 100% head-on collision with Le Tao. Le Tao would not be able to find any shortcuts and would not be a match for them.

At this moment, all of Le Tao's core team members were disheartened. In the past, they could always see a glimmer of hope in adversity, but now, there was basically no hope at all.

Everyone understood that once the "Taobao Alliance" continued to increase in influence, Taobao's C2C business would definitely usher in rapid growth in the future.

Originally, everyone wanted to take advantage of the fact that Taobao Alliance did not have the energy to care about C2C. However, now that the "Taobao Alliance" of Taobao was coming ferociously, it was obvious that it was a huge investment, and it was prepared in advance.

Their last hope was dashed, and their morale instantly deflated like a balloon. It was so withered that it made people despair.

Boss Ma thought of Xiangyu, who was besieged on all sides. At that time, he must have been in extreme despair, thinking that there was no way for him to survive in this world, and there was no place for him to go. Therefore, in that extreme despair, he chose to commit suicide.

Although Boss Ma did not consider suicide, in his eyes, Le Tao was already at the end of his life. Once the "Taobao Alliance" appeared, he no longer had any way to effectively compete with Taobao. Any additional thoughts were like a mantis trying to stop a chariot.

Seeing Boss Ma's ashen face, Lu Zhaoxi couldn't help but comfort him, "Boss Ma, it doesn't matter even if we don't have this path. We can completely give up on going against Li Mu and Taobao. Although Taobao is very strong in all aspects, we can only survive in the cracks. We can stop thinking about going against Taobao, and instead think of ways to avoid Taobao. At least let our platform survive first."

Boss Ma waved his hand helplessly, "Living in a remote corner, we won't have the chance to unify the world in the future."

Cai Chongxin sighed and said to Boss Ma, "Boss Ma, take a step back and you'll see the world. During this period of time, everyone has been trying their best to compete with Taobao, or even surpass Taobao. However, unknowingly, we have been messed up by Taobao. Why don't we take a step back?"

Boss Ma was extremely frustrated, but another voice kept shouting at him, telling him not to lower his head, not to admit defeat, and not to be fooled by a young kid in his early twenties …

A different kind of awkward atmosphere lingered in the core team of Le Tao. Except for Boss Ma, everyone wanted to take a step back. Even living in a remote corner didn't mean that they had completely given up. They wanted to lower their head or even kneel down to settle down. Perhaps there would be a chance for them to stand up again. As for Boss Ma, he only wanted to not admit defeat and continue to resist, but he couldn't find any way to do so.

The conference room was silent.

Until 12 noon, everyone just looked at each other, or looked at Boss Ma, who was frowning. For a moment, they didn't know what to do.

At 12 noon sharp, the "Taobao Alliance" officially went online for 12 hours. Taobao finally released a letter to all sellers, to all Taobao sellers, as well as the whole internet and society, to popularize the "Taobao Alliance" of Taobao.

Cai Chongxin always had a Taobao seller YY, so it was convenient for him to receive the latest news about Taobao. At that moment, the computer in front of him suddenly received a system notification. He subconsciously opened it and read it silently.

Han Wei, who had bought more than 60 jackets, also received a system notification from the Taobao seller YY. Although he was very busy, when he saw that it was a system notification, he immediately opened it subconsciously. Dong Shaoping, who was beside him, immediately came over with bloodshot eyes.

"Dear Taobao seller, I am very pleased to announce that the" Taobao Alliance ", which we have cooperated with all the major websites in the country, has officially gone online at midnight today."

"Taobao Alliance is an e-commerce advertising alliance that specializes in serving Taobao sellers, so that everyone can create more benefits and value on Taobao …"

The opening paragraph of the system notification introduced the general situation of the "Taobao Alliance". Not only that, but it also used all kinds of data to tell the sellers that the Taobao Alliance had a strong traffic support behind it, which would bring huge traffic dividends to Taobao sellers.

Apart from the introduction, the most important point was the benefits and rules of the "Taobao Alliance".

The original text of the benefits and rules was:

"First, the promotion of the Taobao Alliance currently adopts a mechanism to waive all fees for sellers. However, sellers are not supported to take the initiative to apply. Instead, the Taobao Alliance's algorithm will automatically select the sellers.

"Second, Taobao will carry out a certain rule calculation based on the seller's credibility, activity, good reviews, sales volume, and other key data. It will also classify the Taobao sellers. The higher the weight, the higher the probability of being recommended. The specific weight algorithm formula is a trade secret and will not be disclosed to the public.

"Third, because the Taobao Alliance is an advertising and promotion system that Taobao has invested a lot of money to build, Taobao has absolute control and the right to explain the Taobao Alliance. The beneficiaries are only targeted at Taobao sellers, and it does not support sellers across multiple platforms.

"Taobao will collect information from the entire network and compare them according to its own algorithm rules. All sellers suspected of selling across multiple platforms will be permanently excluded from the Taobao Alliance's algorithm. All Taobao sellers, please treat this with caution!"

The third point was Li Mu's fatal blow to Le Tao!

...