Chapter 977

From Zhao Xianliang's point of view, if it could become a national business card, it could become the uncrowned king of the national business field.

Although it was said to be a national business card, it was not up to the country to decide, nor was it issued or formulated by the country. It was a kind of common recognition from the whole country or even the whole world. Only when it was recognized by the whole world could it become a recognized national business card.

In his previous life, Hua Xia had so many Fortune 500 companies, but in Li Mu's opinion, there was not a single entrepreneur who could be called a national business card. However, there were products that could be called a national business card, and high-speed rail was one of them.

Although Zhao Xianliang did not know the future development and pattern, he was very optimistic about Li Mu and Makino Technology becoming a national business card. However, he also knew the difficulties involved, so he and Li Mu summarized a few detailed goals together:

First, make YY a world-class software;

Second, launch more world-class products;

Third, increase the exposure of Li Mu and Makino Technology in the world media as much as possible;

Fourth, make Makino Technology a world-class Internet company;

Fifth, make everyone think of Li Mu and Makino Technology first when they think of Hua Xia's Internet company, and make everyone think of Li Mu and Makino Technology first when they think of Hua Xia's Internet company.

When these five steps were achieved, Li Mu and Makino Technology would naturally become a national business card recognized by the world. This honor would be the lifelong dream of countless entrepreneurs, the Mount Everest of their dreams. But now, Li Mu was the closest to this Mount Everest.

Zhao Xianliang gave Li Mu a lot of inspiration, and it also made Li Mu feel that Zhao Xianliang was a rare good teacher. Zhao Xianliang's life experience was much richer than his, and he could see problems like an aerial photograph. He could show Li Mu a perspective that he did not have, and it was a perspective that could make people suddenly see the light.

After talking about this, Zhao Xianliang suddenly thought of something and said to Li Mu, "Oh right, I heard that you helped the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau solve a big case a few days ago?"

Li Mu said in surprise, "You even know this?"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "Minister Chen is also very concerned about you. When this case was reported to the department, he already knew, and not only him, even the senior leaders know."

Li Mu said with some astonishment, "It spread so fast?"

Zhao Xianliang faintly smiled and indifferently said, "No one has secrets in front of the country."

Li Mu's heart trembled. He knew that what Zhao Xianliang said was right. In theory, no one had secrets in front of the country, but he buried the world's most incredible secret in his heart, so Zhao Xianliang's words made him even more vigilant.

Zhao Xianliang did not notice Li Mu's strangeness, but asked him with great interest, "I heard from Minister Chen that you are going to build a Skynet system for the city's security?"

Li Mu nodded, and his tone no longer had the slightest surprise as he said, "You even know about this …"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "Actually, how did you help the Municipal Public Security Bureau solve the case? These details can only make people sigh in admiration, but it can only really make the senior leaders pay attention to the matter of the Skynet system."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang asked Li Mu, "This idea, when do you plan to put it into practice?"

Li Mu said, "Soon. For the software, I have already asked the technical experts of Makino Technology to lead a team to start working on it. For the hardware, I have asked one of my vice presidents to find some suitable hardware manufacturers in the country, and then choose. If there is a suitable one, I will directly accept it."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Let me recommend you a company that will definitely meet your needs."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Uncle Zhao, please go ahead."

Zhao Xianliang asked him, "Have you heard of Hikvision?"

Li Mu frowned. "I think I have heard of it, but I don't think I have, but it sounds a little familiar …"

Li Mu was sure that he had heard of this name before, but he couldn't remember where he had heard it, let alone the company that was related to this name.

Zhao Xianliang smiled indifferently. "It's normal that you haven't heard of it. This company was just established last year, and the scale of the company is not big. There are only twenty to thirty people, and the company is located in Hangzhou. One of my high school classmates is the vice president of this company."

Li Mu asked him in surprise, "This company is a manufacturer of surveillance equipment?"

"More than that."

Zhao Xianliang explained, "Do you know that there used to be a unit called the Ministry of Machinery and Electronics in Hua Xia?"

Li Mu nodded. "I think I heard my dad mention it before. In the past, there were too many ministries and departments in the country. Later, they were either removed or dismantled, and even the Ministry of Coal Industry was dismantled."

"Yes."

Zhao Xianliang said, "The Ministry of Machinery and Electronics was later split into the Ministry of Machinery and the Ministry of Electronics. There are many research institutes under the Ministry of Electronics. Among them, the 52nd Research Institute is in Hangzhou, and it moved there in 1984. My high school classmate came back from abroad in 1988 and entered the 52nd Research Institute. Later, because the research institute was too out of touch with the market, the research institutes all over the country were restructured to allow researchers to enter the market, develop technology projects, and generate their own income. Mr. Liu from Lenovo was also from the same background, and the 52nd Research Institute established Hikvision Digital Technology Company."

Li Mu asked, "Hikvision's market position is surveillance equipment?"

"Yes."

Zhao Xianliang said, "My high school classmate talked to me before. The reason why Hikvision located surveillance equipment was because they had some experience in the field of video surveillance when they were in the 52nd Research Institute. But it seems to be a little difficult now. The market space is not big, the research and development funds are insufficient, and the marketing costs are basically zero, so it's not easy for them to develop quickly."

Li Mu asked him in shock, "Hikvision was born out of the national research institute?

Then the people in there should be high-end researchers, right? "

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "I'm not sure about the other research institutes, but the 52nd Research Institute is really not ordinary. It's originally in the field of computer science, and they have a group of very good computer science talents. This time, for Hikvision, almost thirty researchers left their careers and followed them."

Li Mu was a little puzzled. A technology company born out of a state-owned research institute, and it had produced dozens of researchers in one go, as well as the technical reserves of the original state-owned research institute. This company's technical strength must be very good. Logically speaking, he should have had an impression of such a company in his previous life. Even if he had not come into contact with the surveillance equipment industry, he would have more or less heard of the more powerful companies in the industry. Could it be that Hikvision was not managed well in his previous life and had closed down early?

That shouldn't be the case!

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more he felt that it shouldn't be!

If a group of people with a strong bureaucratic style came out to start a business, they might not be able to succeed. However, if a group of people with real skills and knowledge came out to start a business, and it was in the field of research and development, it was reasonable to say that it would not be so easy to fail. This group of people had the technical skills and ingenuity. Even if they did not succeed, they would still be able to achieve some small success.

Therefore, Li Mu tentatively asked Zhao Xianliang, "Uncle Zhao, do you know the logo or English name of this company?

I want to see if I've seen it somewhere before. The more I listen to you, the more I feel like I've heard it somewhere before. "

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "I'll ask for you."

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang picked up his phone and sent a text message.

After a few seconds, Zhao Xianliang's phone rang with a notification. Then, he passed the phone to Li Mu and said, "It's this, take a look."

Li Mu took the phone and looked at it. There was a line of words on the text message: "HIKVISION."

Li Mu's eyes lit up. He suddenly remembered where he had heard of this brand!

In the past, when he was working in Beijing, a female friend bought a bull terrier. In order to be able to see what the dog was doing at work in real time, she asked Li Mu, who worked in IT, to help her choose a set of smart home surveillance equipment. Although Li Mu was in IT, he did not know much about smart homes and surveillance equipment. He asked a friend, and his friend recommended a smart surveillance camera that could be connected to a mobile phone. At that time, he said that it was a smart home device under Hikvision. He said that Hikvision was the world's largest provider of video surveillance solutions and that it was very awesome.

Li Mu felt that since it was the world's largest, it must be awesome, so he asked his friend for a device link. At that time, he directly forwarded the link to the female friend. However, after the female friend bought it, she realized that she did not know how to install and debug it. She even asked Li Mu to help her install it. At that time, Li Mu remembered the HIKVISION logo. He did not expect that it was the company that Zhao Xianliang mentioned!

In other words, this company called Hikvision would become the world's largest video surveillance company in the next few years. This was too awesome. Not to mention the foreign market, just Hua Xia's 1.3 billion population and 9.6 million square kilometers of land area alone would have an astonishing demand in the field of surveillance. The fact that Hikvision could become the number one security surveillance company in the entire country proved that they must be the most awesome team in the industry.

Li Mu, who believed in putting people first, was almost unable to contain his excitement at that moment. This was really the biggest reward of his visit to Zhao Xianliang's house today!

A technology company made up entirely of researchers from the National Scientific Research Institute was simply like an all-star lineup in the NBA!

Thinking of this, Li Mu could not wait to immediately package this team and the entire company as his own.

Suppressing the excitement in his heart, Li Mu tentatively asked Zhao Xianliang, "Uncle Zhao, this Hikvision is a company separated from the state-owned research institute. If I want to buy it, will they sell it?"

Zhao Xianliang laughed and said, "Of course they will!

Why do they want to start a business?

It's because the country has insufficient funds and projects. They can no longer survive on the planned economy, so they have no choice but to start a business. What is the purpose of starting a business?

Isn't it to make money?

As long as the price is right, I think that whether it is the researchers who are separated from the authorized personnel or the research institute itself, they will be happy to sell the company. "