Chapter 1152

Hearing that Spielberg had a rough topic, Li Mu suddenly became interested and asked, "Steven, which part of the history of Hua Xia's War of Resistance did you choose?"

Spielberg said, "I think the story of General Chennault leading the American pilots to form the Flying Tigers in Hua Xia is very touching, and not only the story of the American Flying Tigers fighting against the Japanese fascists in Hua Xia, but also the story of Hua Xia's Flying Tigers fighting against the Japanese fascists. So my initial idea is that the movie revolves around General Chennault, as well as the real historical events of Hua Xia and the American Flying Tigers fighting against the Japanese fascists, as well as the film and television treatment of some of the historical events, to create a movie of about 140 minutes."

As a child of Hua Xia, Li Mu was naturally very clear about the story of the Flying Tigers, and he was very clear about the history of the Flying Tigers. Not only did General Chennault lead the American pilots to volunteer to support Hua Xia's War of Resistance, but there were also many touching stories about the local Flying Tigers in Hua Xia, including many unknown national heroes. But he did not expect that Spielberg, an American, would also know the story of the local Flying Tigers in Hua Xia, which really surprised him. It seemed that the director's ability to collect and discover clues was really different from ordinary people.

Li Mu was amazed and said, "Steven, I personally like your material selection and main setting very much. I wonder if you can introduce it in more detail?"

Spielberg nodded and said, "First of all, the story has to start from Chen Nault. In order to make it easier for you, you can imagine Tom Hanks as Chen Nault. If this movie is confirmed, it's not like we don't have a chance to let Tom Hanks star."

Li Mu smiled. "Tom Hanks' image is indeed very suitable for hardline soldiers, especially those from the Second World War."

Spielberg said with a smile, "Therefore, I will first tell you how Chen Naoxue came to Hua Xia. According to his personal experience, he first came to Hua Xia after retiring and was hired as an instructor at an aviation school in Hangzhou. During this period, he trained many ace pilots who later became famous among the local pilots in Hua Xia. According to my understanding, there was a very famous ace pilot named Liu Zhesheng."

Li Mu nodded. "There is indeed such a hero. He should have received training from Chennault in the year 36."

Spielberg smiled and said, "Then the information I found should be correct."

As he said this, he continued, "The story starts from Chen Naoxue coming to Hua Xia, to him becoming an instructor at Hua Xia aviation school and training a group of local talents in Hua Xia. In this part, we basically follow the history, except for the second male lead.

The second male lead appears in this part of history. The second male lead is a local Flying Tiger member of Hua Xia. He is Chen Naoxue's favorite student and also the strongest among the Flying Tigers in Hua Xia. "

"Then the Lugouqiao Incident broke out, and Hua Xia began the eight-year War of Resistance. At this time, Chen Naoxue saw the crimes committed by the Japanese invaders against the people of Hua Xia. He also witnessed the process of the students, including the second male lead, fighting the Japanese in the sky again and again, and the huge disadvantage of the size and performance of the aircraft when they faced the Japanese air force. This strengthened his determination to help Hua Xia, whose air force was extremely weak, to fight against the Japanese invaders. This is the first major part of the story."

Li Mu listened excitedly and couldn't help but ask, "What about the second major part?"

Spielberg smiled and said, "There needs to be a transition between the first major part and the second major part. This part of the transitional plot is the process of Chen Naoxue returning to the United States in 1940 and recruiting pilots for the Flying Tigers. In this process, the plot will temporarily leave Hua Xia, leave the battlefield, and jump to the mainland of the United States, which has not been affected by the war. At this time, our third male lead will appear."

Li Mu tentatively asked, "The first male lead is Chen Naoxue, the second male lead is a local Flying Tiger member of Hua Xia, then the third male lead should be a member of the American Flying Tigers, right?"

Spielberg smiled and said, "That's right!

The second male lead's character should be extremely upright and patriotic. His hatred for his country and family has forced him to focus all his attention on fighting against the Japanese invaders. In this case, the third male lead needs to have an opposite. Therefore, the third male lead in my mind should be a young, unruly American young man who only thinks about flying planes, hunting for novelty, and chasing after beautiful girls. This young man doesn't follow any rules at all, smoking every day and acting sloppily. But in a flying club, he's the most talented and the best pilot. "

Speaking up to this point, Spielberg added, "You can substitute the image of Leonardo in 'Titanic' for this pilot."

Li Mu laughed and nodded repeatedly. Spielberg was indeed a great director. His words made the picture in his mind much more concrete.

Spielberg then said, "The first male lead is interested in the strength of the third male lead, and hopes to invite him to join his Flying Tigers and go to Hua Xia to fight against the Japanese invaders. However, the third male lead is not interested at all. He sloppily said that the war has nothing to do with him, and there are only three things in his life: planes, cigarettes, and women. So, he will not accept the invitation of the first male lead."

"In order to achieve this goal, the first male lead asks to have a flying contest with the third male lead. If the first male lead loses, he is willing to give the third male lead a thousand dollars; if the third male lead loses, he will come to Hua Xia with the first male lead to join the Flying Tigers until the end of World War II."

"The third male lead is extremely conceited. For the sake of money and face, he competed with the first male lead, but he failed to win. In the end, he can only admit defeat and follow the first male lead to Hua Xia with nearly a hundred other pilots."

After saying this, Spielberg looked at Li Mu and said, "This is the transitional part I was talking about."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Very good. The American Flying Tigers are going to the battlefield. Listening to it makes my blood boil. After the first part and the transitional part, it's time to talk about the second part, right?"

Spielberg nodded and said, "The second part is that the third male lead follows the first male lead to Hua Xia and officially joins the Flying Tigers. He gets to know the second male lead, and they become comrades.

In this way, the second male lead and the third male lead can present a very strong contrast in character settings. For example: one has a Hua Xia face, and the other has an American face; one is extremely decent, and the other is unrestrained; one has no time to care about relationships, and the other is always thinking about pursuing beautiful girls; one flies a plane to protect his country, and the other flies a plane to hunt for novelty and make money. The contrast in character settings is almost everywhere. "

"It is precisely these two completely different people who, under Chen Nault's command, become comrades who fight side by side. At the beginning, the conflict between the characters is very strong, but as the war goes on, the third male lead finally realizes the crimes of the Japanese invaders, and realizes that he is not fighting for novelty and money, but for justice. During this period, the second male lead, who has always been looked down upon by the third male lead, saves the third male lead's life in an air battle. Then, these two completely different people achieve the same goal by different means, and become the closest comrades, fighting side by side."

Speaking up to this point, Spielberg said, "I also intend to add two relatively weak female characters in this story. An American nurse in the Flying Tigers falls in love with the unsmiling second male lead, and the third male lead falls in love with the peasant girl Hua Xia, who hides him and helps him escape the Japanese after a plane crash. Later, the third male lead begins to pursue this peasant girl fiercely, and the American nurse also begins to express her love for the second male lead."

"The shy Hua Xia girl tries her best to avoid the passionate third male lead, and the second male lead, who knows the American nurse's love for him, is clearly moved by her, but he takes it as his duty to resist the Japanese and does not dare to give any positive response. Until one time, when the air force is fighting against the Japanese invaders, the second male lead and the third male lead fight side by side. In the fierce battle, the second male lead's plane is damaged by the Japanese. The third male lead desperately tries to cover the second male lead's parachute, but at this time, the second male lead's chest has already been hit by the machine gun of the Japanese plane."

"On the verge of death, the second male lead gives up on parachuting and says goodbye to the third male lead through the radio. He asks the third male lead to help tell the American nurse that he also likes her very much, but it's a pity that the two of them met at such an inopportune time. If this were an era of peace, he would definitely marry her. After saying this, the second male lead pulls up the injured plane and rushes towards the formation of the Japanese planes. Before the plane is shot down by the Japanese, he finally shoots down a Japanese fighter."

"At the end of the story, the third male lead and his other comrades fight off the Japanese, but the second male lead's plane has already crashed. He returns with tears in his eyes. The nurse hears about the tragic battle at the front line and rushes to the runway, hoping to see the second male lead's plane land. However, the last plane to land is the third male lead's plane. After he lands, he tells the nurse that the second male lead has been sacrificed, and the nurse silently weeps."

"At the end of the story, Chennault's Flying Tigers disband, and the third male lead is about to return to the United States. Before he leaves, he once again goes to find the farm girl who once saved him but has been hiding from him. However, he finds that the entire village where her house is located has been razed to the ground by the Japanese. The third male lead thinks that she is already dead, and he cries bitterly in the ruins of her house. Unexpectedly, the girl suddenly appears in front of him alone."

"The third male lead is very excited. He actively hugs her and says in English, 'I love you'. The farm girl doesn't understand, but she doesn't push him away. Instead, she weeps in his arms and says in Chinese that her parents were killed by the Japanese, and she is the only one left in the family. The third male lead doesn't understand either. He just repeats in broken Chinese, 'Come with me, come with me.' The farm girl understands his words, and after a slight hesitation, she still nods."

"The third male lead hugs her tightly and is so excited that he wails loudly like a child. Then, the second part of the story ends."

When Li Mu heard this, his eyes were already a little sore. He didn't expect Spielberg to use just words to describe a fictional story based on real history in such a touching manner. What was even more unexpected was that the young Anne Hathaway's eyes had already turned red from listening to the story. Tears could even be seen welling up in her eyes.

Everyone was silent as they looked at Spielberg. He took a deep breath, adjusted his emotions, and continued, "The end of the story is divided into two scenes. The first scene: On the side of the ship returning to the United States, the camera panned over the faces of the first male lead and many of the American Flying Tigers. They lay on the side of the ship, silently looking at the coast that was originally farther and farther away. That was the land of Hua Xia that they had fought and fought to protect."

"Then, the camera panned over the American nurse for a moment. The nurse cried silently and carefully took out a photo from her pocket. The photo was the photo of the second male lead on the aviation academy's honor roll. After the second male lead was sacrificed, she kept the photo by her side."

"After that, the camera panned over her to the third male lead. The third male lead's eyes were red as he looked at the land of Hua Xia, as if he was remembering his comrade who had fought alongside him. Then, the camera panned over him. Beside him was the peasant girl who had lost her parents. The girl's eyes were red as she slowly leaned against his shoulder. Then, the camera panned up and went further and further away …"

"The second scene: In the summer of 1999, an old American man and an old American woman accompanied by an old Chinese woman and a few mixed-race children came to Hua Xia. They went through many twists and turns and arrived at a cemetery for martyrs in the suburbs of Spring City in the southwest."

"Standing in front of a tombstone, the old American man and the old Chinese woman interlocked their fingers and looked seriously at the photo on the tombstone. The photo on the tombstone was of the second male lead that year. Even the photo was exactly the same as the one taken away by the American nurse."