Chapter 160

Sun Tan knew that Li Mu and Wu Shuai had a conflict, but he didn't expect it to be so deep.

However, this was a good thing for him. After all, Li Mu had stated his conditions. As long as he stated his conditions, things could be slowly discussed.

If he wanted to enter the Student Union, there was no problem. He could let him in at any time. However, he wanted a department head position. This was a little tricky. Other than the President and Vice President, there were various branches. Some branches had great power, such as the Publicity Department, the Entertainment Department, and the Public Relations Department. The Publicity Department was highly valued by the school, and this position could cultivate good relationships with the school. The Entertainment Department was responsible for all cultural and entertainment matters, including organizing and coordinating various performances, assigning venues and funds to various interest clubs, and so on. The Public Relations Department was actually more about finding businesses and alumni for sponsorship. They dealt with money every day and had a lot of benefits.

Other than these branches with great power, there were a bunch of branches with almost no real power, such as Life, Sports, Health, and so on. Li Mu might not be willing to pick one of these positions.

As for Wu Shuai, Sun Tan didn't think much of it. After all, he was a dog that he raised. He had earned a lot of money with him over the years. He had already tasted a lot of sweetness. It was okay to let him go. After all, 3321 was more important.

However, Sun Tan was very dissatisfied with the arrangement of Li Mu's 30% shares. What was 30%?

Li Mu would get 70%, and he would still be a foil.

Then, Sun Tan said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, I can agree to all your conditions. I can even think of a way to make you a department head with real power. However, I can't accept you only giving me 30% of the shares."

Li Mu thought to himself, 'You bastard, you actually took it seriously?

30% shares?

You think you're worthy of that?

You can't accept it? Did you pour sh * t into your brain? '

However, he asked with a smile, "Then how much do you want?"

Sun Tan felt that since he was being frank, there was no need for him to hide it anymore. He said, "I want 51%, at least."

"Impossible."

Li Mu immediately said, "I can't give you the shares of 3321. Compared to what I've gained, I've lost too much. Even an idiot wouldn't accept it."

Sun Tan thought about it and said, "Since you want to merge 3321 into the student council, then it can't be just you and me holding shares. How about this, we both take a step back. You hold 45%, I hold 25%, and the student council will hold the remaining 30%. What do you think?"

Li Mu asked him back, "If it were you, would you do such a stupid thing?

I gave you 30% because you helped me with those two things. The Student Council didn't help me with anything, so why should I give you shares?

Not to mention 30%, even 1% is impossible. "

Sun Tan could not help but frown.

Li Mu was so firm in his defense that he only gave 30% of the shares in exchange. This made Sun Tan not know how to continue the conversation.

After hesitating for a long time, Sun Tan decided to agree to Li Mu's request. No matter what, he had to get that 30% first. As long as he got that 30% of the shares, he would have a certain degree of ownership of 3321. The rest could be slowly thought of. There was still a long time until March next year. As long as he could raise the 30% to 51% in this time, the honor of 3321, as well as its social and political significance, would all be his.

"How about this, you register the company first. The investment ratio will be 70% for you and 30% for me. After the registration is successful, I'll immediately arrange for you to enter the student council. Wu Shuai will also get lost then."

Li Mu smiled with a hint of mockery. He tapped his finger on the table a few times and said, "Sincerity. Senior Sun, show some sincerity. We're both adults, and I can make 3321 what it is now. Do you really think I would be tricked by you empty-handed?"

Sun Tan hurriedly said, "You misunderstand. I really have no intention of tricking you empty-handed. I just …"

Li Mu waved his hand and said with some disappointment, "That's enough, Senior Sun. This trick of yours is the same as when I tricked my classmates for lollipops when I was young. First, you promised a bunch of toys, cartoons, and then after the lollipop was eaten, you didn't deliver anything."

Sun Tan explained, "You really misunderstood me, Li Mu. How could I be that kind of person?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Senior, can you cut the bullsh * t and show more sincerity?"

Sun Tan asked in return, "Then what do you think is sincerity?"

Li Mu said, "That Wu Shuai, I get annoyed when I see him. We can delay the matter of entering the student council for now, but he must get out of the student council. This matter is non-negotiable."

Sun Tan asked Li Mu, "What if Wu Shuai leaves the student council and you go back on your word?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Senior Sun, I'm not an idiot. Even if you really promise me to kick Wu Shuai out of the student council, you will privately push all the blame on me in front of him and make him bear a grudge against me. You will definitely tell him that this is just a stalling tactic to temporarily stabilize him. If I go back on my word, you can still kick Wu Shuai back at any time. What benefits will I get then?"

Sun Tan didn't expect Li Mu to be so direct. It was as if someone had ripped off his mask in an instant. He was extremely embarrassed.

Li Mu had his own plans in mind. He saw that Sun Tan was starting to loosen up a little, so he continued, "This matter has to be done as soon as possible. I hope to hear the news of Wu Shuai being kicked out of the student council by tomorrow. This matter must be known by the whole school."

Sun Tan thought for a moment and nodded. "Okay, I'll go back and think about it. I'll get back to you as soon as possible."

Li Mu said, "There's no need to reply. If I receive the news of Wu Shuai being kicked out of the student council before class ends tomorrow afternoon, it will prove that you have agreed to the terms of cooperation. If I don't receive the news, then please don't look for me again in the future."

After saying that, Li Mu stood up. "I won't be eating. Senior, go back and think about it."

Before Sun Tan could react, Li Mu had already turned around and walked out of the door.

Originally, Sun Tan wanted to chase after him, but he gave up after thinking about it. He had ordered a lot of dishes, but only two cold dishes had been served, and his chopsticks hadn't been touched at all. He might as well call Wu Shuai and ask him to come over for a chat.

…

Wu Shuai rushed to the restaurant in surprise. When he opened the door, he found that there was only Sun Tan in the private room and a table of untouched dishes.

"Brother Tan, what's the meaning of this?

Li Mu didn't come? "

Sun Tan said, "He came and left."

Wu Shuai hurriedly asked, "How was the chat? Did that guy agree to sell?"

"No." Sun Tan shook his head and said, "That guy refused to sell no matter what."

Wu Shuai snorted coldly. "Brother Tan, what do you want to do now?"

Sun Tan hesitated for a moment and said to Wu Shuai, "That guy, Li Mu, gave me a condition for cooperation."

Wu Shuai asked, "What condition?"

Sun Tan sighed and said, "This guy hates you very much. What he means is that if you leave the student council, he will turn 3321 into a company, then give me 30% of the shares and come to the student council."

Wu Shuai immediately panicked. "Brother Tan, this guy is trying to sow discord. You must not believe what he says!"

Sun Tan comforted him. "Don't worry, I'm not stupid. How can I let him sow discord between us?"

Wu Shuai was slightly relieved. Sun Tan said again, "I called you over to discuss a countermeasure with you. 3321 is indeed very important to me, and I have to get it. So, what I mean is that you should suffer a little first and leave the student council in name. If that guy, Li Mu, dares to play me, I will immediately recall you back to the student council and fight to the death with him. However, if this guy really fulfills his promise, then I will think of all ways to get more shares from him in the next few months. As long as I have absolute control of 3321, he will definitely not be far from leaving."

"But …" Wu Shuai said a little anxiously, "If that happens, where will I put my face in school, Brother Tan?"

Sun Tan said, "You will have to suffer a little for a while, but don't worry. As long as I get 3321, not only will I make Li Mu leave, but I will also recall you back to the student council. At that time, I will give you a portion of 3321's shares. What do you think?"

Wu Shuai was able to achieve what he had today almost all because of Sun Tan's support. Even if Sun Tan did not give him this promise, he could not disobey Sun Tan's wishes. Otherwise, if Sun Tan vented his anger on him, everything that he had painstakingly accumulated would be lost. Moreover, Wu Shuai had followed Sun Tan for so long. Sun Tan had never gone back on his word when he promised him. Previously, when he transferred so much money with him, the division was agreed in advance, and it had never changed. So on this point, Wu Shuai trusted Sun Tan.

It was just that publicly announcing his departure from the student council would indeed be very aggrieved, and it would be a little embarrassing. But after carefully weighing the pros and cons, Wu Shuai still nodded and agreed.

Sun Tan saw that Wu Shuai was a little unhappy when he agreed, so he comforted him, "Wu Shuai, it's not that I don't consider your feelings. It's just that Li Mu is too sinister. He would rather sacrifice 30% of the shares just to make life difficult for you."

Wu Shuai nodded. "Brother Tan, when we get 3321, we will join forces and ruthlessly mess with him!"

Sun Tan's face was solemn. "Of course!

When the time comes, we will make him suffer a double loss! "

Wu Shuai felt a little better. He remembered that tomorrow was Thursday, so he asked Sun Tan, "Then what about the computer tomorrow?"

At this moment, Sun Tan already had the idea of kicking Wu Shuai away. Just the division of tomorrow's business was already more than 30,000 yuan. Looking at it now, it was really too easy for this kid.

If he took this opportunity to kick Wu Shuai away, then his money would fall into his own pocket. Then, he would focus on getting his 3321 from Li Mu. Although Wu Shuai would definitely hate him in his heart, with Li Mu around, he could naturally pull away most of the hatred for him. It was the best of both worlds.

…

After Li Mu left the restaurant, the first thing he did was to call Xue Jianfeng. He asked him, "Jianfeng, can you ask your classmates who ordered computers from the student aid group to confirm if the computer from the student aid group will be installed tomorrow?"

Previously, Xue Jianfeng had said that the installation would definitely be before Friday. There was no movement today, so it seemed like the only time was tomorrow.

After a while, Xue Jianfeng returned the call. "It's tomorrow. Wu Shuai has already informed them. When the time comes, the computer supplier's truck will directly drive to the dormitory area."

"Alright!

Thanks! "After Li Mu finished speaking, he hung up the phone and called Zhao Kang.

As soon as Zhao Kang picked up the phone, Li Mu said, "Kang Zi, tell the people on Douban to get ready. There's work to do!"