Chapter 667

Because there is no special cultural production company at this stage to design a set of talent show plans, and then go to the TV station to cooperate, Makino Image came up with the plan of "Super Girl" and found Xiangnan Satellite TV to cooperate. This model is basically the first time in the entire TV circle.

Since it is the first time, there is naturally no case that can be used for reference. There is no model to refer to for all cooperation. Xu Song can only look at this matter according to his usual understanding of the industry.

In his opinion, the first and second points proposed by Li Mu are acceptable, but the third point is not.

5: 5 investment and 5: 5 profit is normal. After all, Xiangnan Satellite TV has the influence of TV, and Makino Technology has the influence of online. Everyone cooperates together to complement each other's advantages, and no one takes advantage of each other. However, if the copyright belongs to Makino Image, it can't be accepted, because the program will eventually use Xiangnan Satellite TV as a carrier to operate. If Xiangnan Satellite TV doesn't have the copyright itself, it is very likely that it will try its best to do "Super Girl". As a result, the next year, Li Mu turned around to find someone else to cooperate.

So, Xu Song expressed his opinion and said, "Mr. Lee, if the copyright is 100% in the hands of Makino Image, it will be difficult for us to continue this cooperation. After all, we are a satellite TV station. If there is a program that we have done and continues to be produced on other TV stations, it will have a bad impact on us."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Director Xu, in fact, this is very simple. If this plan is a book, then Xiangnan Satellite TV is the publishing house. We will discuss to publish this book together. All the physical books printed in this cooperation belong to us, but the real copyright is still in our hands. After all, we are the authors."

Xu Song shook his head with a smile and said, "Mr. Lee, although what you said makes sense, we don't have any sense of security in this cooperation model. In case you use the copyright to take drastic measures against us in the future, and then cooperate with other TV stations, our loss will be too great."

Li Mu smiled and asked politely, "What do you think, Director Xu?"

Xu Song said, "I think it's better to split the copyright 5: 5."

Li Mu said, "A 5: 5 copyright is actually an impossible theory. Even if the profits from the copyright can be shared, the control rights must be primary and secondary. This is the same logic as a company having absolute control."

Xu Song said, "How about this? Let's sign a ten-year cooperation agreement. 100% of the copyright will belong to you, but within ten years, the right to use the copyright will belong to us."

Li Mu thought to himself, "How about this, we sign a ten-year cooperation agreement. The copyright will belong to you 100%, but within ten years, the right to use the copyright will belong to us."

However, after careful analysis, Li Mu found that Xu Song's concerns were not unreasonable. In fact, the copyright cooperation was more troublesome. The copyright owner hoped to be able to completely control his own copyright, but the copyright user also hoped to be able to monopolize the copyright as much as possible. Only in this way could they maximize the benefits and not make a wedding dress for others. If they insisted that the copyright belonged to themselves, perhaps Xiangnan Satellite TV would not cooperate with them, nor would they dare to cooperate with them. However, the contradiction was that Li Mu wanted to hold the copyright in his own hands. In the future, he might have to do a lot of variety shows. If the first copyright could not be kept, there would be problems with the copyright in the future. The possibility of the copyright of "Super Girl" being licensed overseas was almost zero, but the model of "The Voice" with its amazing mentor + swivel chair + team selection PK could simply capture the market of developed countries in one fell swoop. At that time, if he licensed the copyright abroad, he would have to share a share with domestic TV stations. It would be difficult for Li Mu to accept it.

The copyright issue was in a stalemate, and Chen Wan on the side was a little anxious, so she suggested, "Can we set a conditional agreement? Although the copyright belongs to Makino Image, within the specified time, as long as Xiangnan Satellite TV complies with the terms of the agreement, Makino Technology will not be allowed to transfer the copyright to others."

Li Mu suddenly thought of the copyright dispute between the Dutch company Talpa, the owner of the copyright of "The Voice", and Zhejiang Satellite TV. Talpa originally licensed the copyright to Zhejiang Satellite TV for a certain period of time, but Talpa left an extra thought, that is, the contract had to be renewed once a year. Within the specified period, Zhejiang Satellite TV did not completely own the copyright, but only had the priority to renew the contract. The priority to renew the contract was a very nonsensical concept. In the negotiation between the two parties, if someone else offers a higher price and the original buyer is not ready to increase the price, the priority to renew the contract will lose its effect, so that the copyright of "The Voice" was eventually obtained by other companies, and Zhejiang Satellite TV could only urgently change its name, change its trademark, and change its routine.

Li Mu didn't want to cheat Xiangnan Satellite TV, he just wanted to take more initiative in the hands of Makino Image, so he proposed to Xu Song: "How about this, Director Xu, I'll give you another cooperation plan. The copyright will be taken out as a separate asset for separate calculation. Makino Image can give the copyright for three years to Xiangnan Satellite TV for use. The annual copyright fee is 500,000 yuan. After three years, Xiangnan Satellite TV has the priority to renew the contract. We can negotiate the specific renewal terms at that time."

When The Voice was sold to Zhejiang Satellite TV, it only bought two million yuan in the first year. Combined with the current market situation, the price of 500,000 yuan was neither too much nor too little. If other companies want to sell a plan that has not been put into practice and completely stays on paper to Xiangnan Satellite TV, 500,000 yuan a year is basically a fantasy. But Li Mu is different. After all, he represents the entire Makino Technology and has powerful resources.

Xu Song thought about it for a moment. Just now, he mentioned ten years, which was also to let Li Mu press down. He didn't think that a talent show could really have a long life. In his personal experience, all kinds of talent shows basically come to an end in two or three years. If this show is done well, it is estimated that it can last for about five years, but the value of the last two years will definitely drop. So in this case, three years is basically acceptable.

So, Xu Song said straightforwardly, "Okay, Li Zong, let's cooperate according to your model."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If you are sure to cooperate, then we have to start as soon as possible."

Xu Song couldn't help asking him, "When do you want to start?"

Li Mu said, "When I go back tomorrow, I will ask the legal department to draw up a contract and fax it over. If you have no objection, I will send a representative to sign the contract, and then we will immediately start the publicity campaign. Taking advantage of the summer vacation, we will try to use a month to build momentum, and then we will start the audition."

Xu Song flipped through the contract again and said, "I think in your plan, there are a total of six cities, Yanjing, Shanghai, Yangcheng, Xiangdu, Sichuan and Harbin, covering the six major divisions. Then it will take us three or four months for the audition and finals of each singing area, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Before the cooperation begins, we need to work out the specific cooperation process. The time is best planned according to five months, of which the first three months are for the six major divisions, and the last two months are for the finals. The finals are planned to be broadcast during the winter vacation."

Xu Song sighed and said, "Including the pre-warm-up, it will take almost half a year."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Only by lengthening the battle line can we make the influence of this talent show bigger and stronger."

Xu Song was noncommittal. Half a year was indeed a little scary. He was not very sure, but he was still very confident in Li Mu. After all, Li Mu also had to contribute money and effort in this cooperation. He should not do things that he was not sure of.

So, Xu Song acquiesced in this rhythm and asked Li Mu, "Will Makino Image solve the judges' problem, or will we solve it for Xiangnan Satellite TV?"

Li Mu said, "I will decide on the judges' lineup, and then I will invite them. After all, Makino Technology has a close relationship with singers on both sides of the Taiwan Strait. It should still be possible to invite some big stars to come over."

"That would be great."

Xu Song knows that Li Mu is now the object that the whole entertainment industry is rushing to make friends with. Some singers may not even be invited by Xiangnan Satellite TV, but Li Mu is 80% no problem.

As for Li Mu, although he has no specific candidate in mind, he has made it clear that at least he will not use any of the judges in the early days of Super Girl in his last life. In Li Mu's opinion, those people are really not up to the stage. This talent show is jointly created by Makino Image and Xiangnan Satellite TV. Its influence will definitely create a new height in the domestic talent show market. Therefore, the judges must be good. At least one A-list singer, A-list songwriter, and gold producer of top record company must join. The higher the judges' team, the more attractive it will be to those girls who dream of becoming stars.

Li Mu then suggested to Xu Song, "If we sign the contract, we will come up with a perfect plan and hold an advertising bidding meeting. We will open the bidding meeting to all advertising companies and enterprises, and take out the advertising of the whole program for auction. An exclusive title sponsor, six division title sponsors, a number of chief sponsors, a number of ordinary sponsors, and first get the advertising income."

Xu Song nodded and said, "We will organize this at that time. We will have advertising bidding every year. The resources are ready-made. Just let the public relations department send an invitation letter."

Li Mu said with a smile, "That's the best."

For Li Mu, he doesn't want to participate too much in the specific implementation. Doing a talent show is no different from doing an event. The planning company provides the creativity and plan, and the execution company is responsible for landing the implementation. Makino Image is the planning company, and Xiangnan Satellite TV is, of course, the execution company. At that time, the specific work will be done by them, and he only needs to send a few people to follow up.

Then, Xu Song looked at Chen Wan and knew that Li Mu would definitely ask her to be the host of "Super Girl", so he was ready to do a favor. He smiled and said to Chen Wan, "After this talent show is launched, Comrade Chen Wan will have to be responsible for the hosting work. You are the most promising young female host in our station. At this time, you have to help the station."

Chen Wan nodded slightly and said, "Chairman Xu, don't worry. I will do my best."