Chapter 480

At this time, Chen Guanghua was driving his Rolls-Royce and parked on the side of the road in front of Su Yuehua's house. He had just been rejected by Su Yuehua's house. No matter what he said, Su Yuehua didn't want to talk to him. She even almost called 110 in front of him. Chen Guanghua really had no choice but to go downstairs dejectedly. His heart was getting more and more anxious.

Today, he was alone in the car. He had brought his wife and children to apologize several times, but he was rejected every time. Later, Chen Guanghua carefully analyzed and felt that Su Yuehua and her husband must have some resentment towards his wife and children. So this time, he came alone and apologized with full sincerity, but Su Yuehua still didn't buy it.

Every parent had a time when they were protective of their children. Su Yuehua felt that every time she saw this family of three, she would get angry. So she didn't even bother to talk to them, let alone accept their apology.

Chen Guanghua was so worried that he grabbed his hair in the car. He smoked three cigarettes in a row and didn't know what to do next. Chen Ze's ability was really great. If Chen Ze didn't say anything, he couldn't find anyone to get the factory to resume work.

When he was thinking about whether he should go back and ask Li Mu for help, Chen Guanghua's phone suddenly rang. He looked down and saw that it was Li Tong.

Although he didn't know why Li Tong called him, for Chen Guanghua, seeing Li Tong's call was like grasping a life-saving straw.

Chen Guanghua hurriedly picked up the phone, and his voice was a little trembling. "Hello, Li … Boss Li."

Li Tong said, "There is a solution to the problem your wife and children caused last time. Do you want to hear it?"

When Chen Guanghua heard this, he was so excited that his tears almost came out. He still nodded to the phone. "Yes, yes!

Please say it! "

Li Tong said, "What Li Mu meant was that the girl named Wang Xinran is going to university soon. You also know that she's going to the Film Academy. The school is a little far from her home …"

When Chen Guanghua heard this, he blurted out, "I know, I know. I'll buy her a car!

Tell me, what does Mr Lee mean?

A Bentley, a Rolls-Royce or something else? "

Li Tong was speechless for a moment before he smiled. "It's not about buying a car. It's not suitable for a girl to drive such a good car to school. Li Mu wants you to look around the Film Academy and buy a house for the girl."

"Sure, sure, sure!"

Chen Guanghua said without hesitation, "Since it's Mr. Lee's idea, I'll buy it tomorrow. Oh, no, I'll go to the Film Academy and have a look!"

As he said this, Chen Guanghua started the car and asked, "Boss Li, please ask Mr Lee what are his requirements for buying a house?"

Li Tong said, "Li Mu said that he doesn't have any requirements. It depends on your sincerity."

"I know, I know!" Chen Guanghua immediately said, "Then I'll definitely do it to satisfy Mr Lee!"

After that, he said to Li Tong gratefully, "Boss Li, thank you so much. You saved my life!"

Li Tong said, "Don't get me wrong. I didn't play matchmaker for you. I just helped to pass the message. He didn't want to make things difficult for you, so he took the initiative to give you a solution. You should behave well and show your sincerity. In the future, take good care of your wife and child and don't come out to cause trouble."

Chen Guanghua promised repeatedly, "Please rest assured, and Mr Lee, I will behave well. In addition, I will send the child abroad next month. I won't let her stay in China and cause trouble for Mr Lee …"

Chen Guanghua's words sounded nice. In fact, the main reason why he sent Chen Yueyue away was that she had no school to go to at the moment. Li Mu had reported Xu and Dan to the public. In order to prove to the public that the school was clean, the Film Academy specially issued a statement to the public, exposing the list of all the students who had been admitted to Yan University through Xu and Dan, and made it clear to the public that they would never hire the students on the list. Later, the whole education system got the list. In order not to cause trouble for themselves, they basically refused to accept the students on the list. Chen Yueyue had no other school in China except for the trashy diploma mill. Instead of going to a diploma mill, Chen Guanghua would rather send her abroad.

At this time, Li Tong said to him, "After you see the house, you can buy it directly. But you have to register Li Mu's name first. You don't have to worry about the rest. As long as Li Mu is satisfied, your factory will naturally return to work next month."

Chen Guanghua's heart was relieved. He almost sighed away all the grievances he had accumulated over the past few days. He said excitedly, "Don't worry, I will definitely make Mr Lee satisfied."

After hanging up the phone, Chen Guanghua immediately drove straight to the Film Academy. First, he would do some research about the real estate near the Film Academy. He wanted to find out which were good and whether there were any good models in the real estate. He wanted to buy it as soon as possible. Not to mention buying a house, he would even be willing to spend tens of millions to buy a villa. Because if he delayed, his losses would not be of this magnitude at all.

…

The weather was getting hotter and hotter, and SugarClub's business was getting better and better.

However, Fatty Wang took care of these shareholders as always. No matter when, even if the business was so hot that he had to limit the flow of people at the door, they still didn't have to worry about not having enough seats.

This time, the three shareholders, Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Hui Ka Ming, came together, which made Fatty Wang very excited. After hearing that, he hurried to the box to meet them. After entering the door, he greeted them one by one. When he saw Li Tong, Fatty Wang said with a smile, "Lao Er, you are also here."

Li Tong smiled slightly. "I haven't seen you for a long time, Lao Wang. You have put on weight again."

Fatty Wang shrugged his shoulders, and the fat on his chest also shook. He said with a smile, "It is indeed easy to get fat here all day long. But you have opened a restaurant and lived such a luxurious life. How can you still be so thin?"

Li Tong said with a smile, "We are two extremes. You can get fat even by drinking cold water, but I can't get fat no matter what I eat."

Fatty Wang touched his nose and said, "If only I had your physique."

After that, Fatty Wang chatted with Li Mu again. "Li Mu, you are playing very big now. I am waiting to see your name on the Forbes list."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't make trouble. How can I be on the Forbes list with my small business? Can you help me?"

Fatty Wang said with a smile, "Look at you, always so modest. Sometimes you should be so low-key."

After that, Fatty Wang raised his eyebrows at them and said, "Brothers, there is a super hot pole dancing beauty in the club these days. Do you want to invite her up and dance for you alone in the box?

You can do it without clothes. "

Chen Ze scolded with a smile, "Come on. If we really want to do that, we won't come here at all. Today, we are here to drink the second round. Hurry up and serve us wine."

Fatty Wang nodded and said with a smile, "Okay, you are here today. Today, I will serve you in person."

Hui Ka Ming scolded with a smile, "Hurry up and change the big breasted girl."

Fatty Wang laughed and shook the fat on his chest. He said, "Sorry, I can't change it. You wait."

Fatty Wang asked them what they wanted to drink and then left the private room. The first thing he did after he came out was to call Cai Zhengmao.

Ever since Li Mu took the Benz G55 from Cai Zhengmao, Cai Zhengmao had been contacting Fatty Wang frequently. In fact, Cai Zhengmao was an arrogant boy who looked down on most people in the circle of Yan Jing, including Fatty Wang. But now, he had been taking the initiative to be friendly with Fatty Wang. There was only one purpose, which was to make friends with Li Mu through Fatty Wang. He was very interested in Li Mu, and he was even more interested in the car project that Li Mu and Chen Ze were working on.

When Cai Zhengmao received Fatty Wang's call, he was having fun with his friends in a private club. When he heard that Li Mu, Chen Ze, Hui Ka Ming and Li Tong had gone to SugarClub together, he couldn't sit still anymore.

He had been wanting to make friends with Li Mu for a long time, and after Li Mu had made such a big move recently, this idea became even stronger.

So Cai Zhengmao said to his friends, "Brothers, I have something to do, I will leave first today."

"Bullshit, Zheng Mao."

A friend of his age blurted out, "Those Russian girls are coming soon. Aren't you going to enjoy yourself if you leave now?"

Cai Zhengmao said, "I really have something to do. Besides, I have ridden a lot of foreign girls in Europe, North and South America. Except for Africa, where else have I not ridden?"

His friends nodded. Cai Zhengmao was right. This guy often went abroad, and he was young and rich. Basically, he could get women wherever he went. That was why the number of women he had with him could almost form a map of Europe and America.

Cai Zhengmao said goodbye to his friends and immediately drove straight to SugarClub. A few days ago, Fatty Wang had helped him find out about the project that Li Mu and Chen Ze were working on. Cai Zhengmao was very interested when he heard about it. It wasn't that he thought that this project could make a lot of money, but if he could set up the CSC club, he would be able to gather the rich second generations in Beijing in one place. If this project was started by Chen Ze, he might not be interested, but since it was related to Li Mu, he had to pay attention to it. From the looks of it, Li Mu's success rate was extremely high, and his business mind was unimaginably strong. If he was involved in this project, it would definitely be a success.

Li Mu and the others didn't really drink to their heart's content at SugarClub. Instead, they drank some whiskey with ice and ginger water. Most of the time, they chatted and chatted. The atmosphere was much more comfortable than drinking in a restaurant.

As they were drinking, Fatty Wang pushed the door open and said to Li Mu, "Cai Zhengmao is here. He heard that you were here and wanted to come over. He wanted to ask you how you felt driving that car. Do you think you should let him come over?"

Li Mu looked at the other three. He wasn't familiar with Cai Zhengmao. If these friends didn't want him to come over, it wouldn't be good for him to ask Fatty Wang to call Cai Zhengmao over. If it didn't look good, he could go over and greet Cai Zhengmao.