Chapter 617

Li Mu lacked understanding of the investment banking circle. How could he get in touch with the top elites in this industry in a short period of time?

34??

It would be difficult to get online. However, when Li Mu released the false news that Makino Technology had a financing plan, he didn't have to worry about how to get in touch with the elites in the investment banking circle, because the elites in the investment banking circle were now racking their brains to establish contact with him.

For well-known domestic and foreign venture capital firms, Makino Technology was the target they had been trying to pursue. It was also the company they wanted to invest in in the Hua Xia Internet field the most. Unfortunately, Li Mu didn't accept any investment from professional venture capital firms. Makino Technology received investment from Baidu in Series A, and Hui Ka Ming in Series B. Sequoia, Goldman Sachs, Warburg Pincus, Carlyle, and other venture capital firms all wanted to invest in Makino Technology and hitch a ride on Li Mu's money-making express, but Li Mu didn't give them the chance at all.

Now, news of Makino Technology's financing suddenly came out, and this news was personally released by Hui Ka Ming, who led the Series B financing. In the eyes of the investment banking circle, this news was very credible. Therefore, the venture capital firms who received the news were all trying to establish contact with Li Mu, striving to meet him privately and talk about the possibility of Makino Technology's Series C financing.

As soon as the news spread, Lin Ching-ah began to receive meeting requests from various venture capital firms almost immediately. She was so scared that she quickly called Li Mu and reported to Li Mu, "Li Zong, many people from venture capital firms have been calling to make appointments with you today. Even some people from venture capital firms have come to your door. Are we really going to finance Series C financing?"

Lin Ching-ah didn't know about Li Mu's dirty trick, but the news of Makino Technology's financing suddenly spread in the market, and so many executives from venture capital firms suddenly came, which made her a little confused.

Li Mu smiled and said over the phone, "The company's next step is to set up a financial investment department. I want to find some talents in the investment industry, so I came up with an idea. I'm just borrowing an arrow from a straw boat. Help me organize all the information of the venture capital companies and their contacts into a table. Make sure it's detailed."

Lin Qingya immediately understood Li Mu's intentions. She couldn't help but chuckle, "That move of yours is really too despicable. From the information they left behind, it seems like their positions are all extremely high. At the very least, they are all VP-level executives. There are even some MD-level executives.

Li Mu asked her curiously, "What is MD-level?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "A managing director is also a small partner in the investment bank, two levels higher than a VP."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Help me sort out the information of the positions. I'll go back and slowly filter them."

"Okay."

After Li Mu hung up the phone with Lin Ching-ah, Xu Jianjun looked at the time, stood up, and said, "Li Zong, I have something to do, so I'll go first. I'll call you in advance tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "Ask them to come directly to Makino Technology to find me tomorrow."

Xu Jianjun nodded and said, "About the bodyguards, you should also pay more attention. You've helped Du Wei so much, the Du family definitely won't refuse such a small favor. With your current status, you really have to solve the problem of security as soon as possible."

Li Mu said, "Thank you for reminding me. I'll get it done as soon as possible."

Xu Jianjun said goodbye and left. Li Mu pondered for a while in the private room of the teahouse. It was definitely not appropriate to call Du Wei directly. She was still young and relatively simple. If he directly asked her for help and then passed the message to her family through Du Wei, it would be more or less inconsiderate. It would be better to talk to Dufy directly. Therefore, Li Mu wanted to call Dufy to have dinner together and then mention his needs. However, thinking that she was the object of Chen Ze's infatuation, it was more or less inappropriate for him to have dinner with her in private. Therefore, he called Chen Ze first and asked if he would like to eat together.

Li Mu felt that if he directly asked Dufy out in private, if Chen Ze knew about it, he didn't know what he would think. He also didn't know if he would complain about him in his heart. Therefore, it was still better to take a clear stand to avoid Chen Ze's misunderstanding.

If the relationship between men was strong, many things could not be distinguished between you and me. For example, my money was your money, your parents were my parents, and your sister was my sister. However, there was only one thing that should be particularly clear, and that was women.

In fact, Li Mu did not have much life experience in the past 30 years, but there was a principle that he had always abided by: no matter when, he should keep a certain distance from his friends' women. Because feelings could make people sensitive and emotional, and it could make people feel inferior and jealous easily, which would lead to the loss of judgment. A little carelessness could easily lead to ill feelings and estrangement, so it was best to always be sensitive in this aspect.

Therefore, Li Mu first called Chen Ze and said directly, "Old Chen, I heard that Dufy's family has some connections in the army. I want to ask her for help to find a few reliable retired soldiers to be my bodyguards. Do you think it's reliable?"

Chen Ze said directly without thinking, "Of course it's reliable. Her grandfather has a very high rank in the army. The most important thing is that her uncle is in charge of a special force. Every year, the soldiers who retire from the special force are the targets of the rich people in Yan Jing. The resources are limited, and it's difficult to find them from the outside. If you ask her for help, you can directly choose them from the army."

Li Mu said, "That's fine. I'll ask her out to have a meal and talk. You can come with us."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "You can contact her. I won't go."

"Let's go together."

Li Mu didn't care whether what he said was 100% sincere or not. He said directly, "Don't arrange anything else tonight. I'll call Dufy and ask when she is free. I'll contact you after confirming with her."

Hearing Li Mu's words, Chen Ze didn't refuse anymore and said, "Okay, I'll wait for your call."

Li Mu didn't say anything to Dufy on the phone. He just said that he wanted to ask her to have a meal with Chen Ze and ask her to help him with something. Dufy didn't ask much. She directly told Li Mu that she was free after work, so Li Mu made an appointment that night.

In fact, since Du Wei's scandal in Hong Kong had been resolved, Dufy had always wanted to invite Li Mu to have a meal at home to express her gratitude to him in person. She also wanted to give her family a chance to express their gratitude. After all, Li Mu had always taken good care of and protected Du Wei. Not only did it make her feel at ease, but it also made her parents and family feel at ease. But recently, the project of the racing track and the club had started, and Dufy was a little busy. If it wasn't for Li Mu saying that he wanted to have dinner, she usually had to work overtime until after nine o 'clock in the evening.

For Dufy, it was particularly rare for Li Mu to have this kind of affection for Du Wei. The Du family consisted of the two sisters, and she, the elder sister, had stayed abroad all year round. She had always been more concerned about her younger sister, Du Wei, but not enough care. The appearance of Li Mu was like giving Du Wei a brother that she had longed for since she was a child. It was also an excellent thing for Du Wei.

In the evening, Chen Ze arrived first, and Dufy was the last.

Li Mu and Chen Ze chatted for a long time before Dufy hurried over. She apologized as soon as she entered the door, saying, "Sorry, the traffic was a little bad. How long have you been here?"

Li Mu smiled and pointed to the pot of chrysanthemum tea on the table. He said, "We just sat down and haven't had a few sips of tea."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu with a teasing look. He knew in his heart that the tea had already been kept three times by the waiter.

However, Chen Ze naturally wouldn't point it out. He smiled and said to Dufy, "I was also in a traffic jam. We arrived just after each other."

Dufy nodded and said with a smile, "Next time you two order a meal, make it a little closer to me."

Li Mu said, "My negligence."

Dufy smiled and asked him, "Oh right, why are you looking for me?

If there's anything you need help with, just say it. I owe you a lot of favors. Hurry up and give me a chance to return them. "

Li Mu said, "Don't say that. We're all good friends."

Dufy said with a smile, "Then hurry up and say it. Don't dawdle."

Li Mu cleared his throat and said, "It's like this. Didn't I earn a little money? You know, after I have a little money in my pocket, I always feel uneasy. So, I want to hire a few bodyguards so that I can sleep well at night."

Dufy looked at Li Mu with contempt. "You call this earning a little money?

Even my dad said that you're the fastest person he's ever seen who started from scratch. How old are you? You're already a billionaire. "

Chen Ze said with a smile, "Didn't Li Mu want to be humble and save us some face? Don't ruin his reputation. Let's get down to business. Let your uncle solve the problem of bodyguards for you."

Dufy laughed for a moment and stopped teasing Li Mu. She said seriously, "If you want to find a good bodyguard, there are suitable candidates at any time. But if you want to find a top soldier who retired from the Divine Sword Brigade, you have to wait until the end of November. The Divine Sword Brigade has rigid rules. The requirements for the number of people and the age are very strict. So, every year, we will add new recruits from below and then eliminate the same number of veterans. The elimination list is usually set at the end of July or the beginning of August. The veterans who are on the elimination list have two choices. One is to stay in the army, but they will be transferred back to an ordinary company. The other is to wait until the end of November to be your bodyguard. Those who can come out to be your bodyguards are the ones who decided to leave the army at the end of the year."

Li Mu said in surprise, "Not bad. You have been abroad all year round, but you know so much about the domestic army."

Dufy rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "Do you think you are the only one who wants to find a bodyguard from me?

You can ask Chen Ze how many people in the circle of Yan Jing have asked me for help. "

Chen Ze took over the conversation and said with a smile, "You don't say, the rich second generations in the circle of Yan Jing all want to find a bodyguard from the Divine Sword Brigade."

After that, Chen Ze looked at Du Wei and said, "Isn't the end of November a little late? It's still four months away. If something happens to our Li Zong during this time, who can bear the responsibility?"

Dufy nodded seriously and said, "You are right. Li Zong's safety is a big problem. We can't be careless at all. If something happens to him, it will be the loss of the whole Hua Xia!

How about this, when I go back tonight, I will help Li Zong to coordinate this matter and see if I can transfer a few people from the army for Li Zong! "