Chapter 442

After nearly forty-eight hours, Du Fey finally got in touch with the English girl who did the design.

She was in Nepal at the time. She was going to hike to Mount Everest in Nepal, but she had to go back because of the high fever. After resting in the hospital for a few days, she finally recovered.

The girl's original idea was to hike in Nepal's Mount Everest area for seven to ten days, and then enter Hua Xia by land from Nepal to start her journey in Hua Xia. However, because of the high fever, she decided to fly to Hua Xia from Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal. However, there were very few domestic flights from Kathmandu. She was worried about the high fever, so she didn't dare to fly directly to Lhasa. She was planning to transfer to Dhaka or Bangkok.

Before deciding on the route, the British girl went online to tell her family that she was safe. As a result, she received a message from Dufy on MSN.

Dufy told her that a friend in China wanted to design an MP3 player and asked her to help find a talented industrial designer. So she thought of her.

The British girl couldn't enter Hua Xia by land, and she had to transfer to another country, so the cost had increased a lot. She was worried that she was short of money. When she heard that Dufy had introduced her to a part-time job, she agreed without hesitation.

After Dufy confirmed the details with her, she called Li Mu and told him about it.

Li Mu asked, "When will this British girl come to China?

Is her first stop in Yanjing? "

Dufy said, "Don't call her British girl. She has a name."

Li Mu snorted, "I know she has a name, but you didn't tell me."

Dufy said, "Her name is Arya. Arya is going to fly to Bangkok tomorrow, and then fly from Bangkok to Yanjing. She should arrive in Yanjing in the afternoon the day after tomorrow."

"Okay." Li Mu said, "Tell me the flight number. I'll pick her up at the airport."

Dufy said, "She said that it's not a problem to design an MP3 player, but the design fee is 20,000 US dollars."

Li Mu smiled and said, "What I lack now is talent. I don't lack money."

Dufy laughed and said, "Keep bragging."

Li Mu said, "It's true. I'm thirsty for talent. I'm just short of going to a tattoo parlor and getting six words tattooed on my forehead: stupid, rich, come quickly."

This was the first time Du Fei had heard of the phrase "rich and foolish". She laughed so hard that she rocked back and forth on the phone. After a while, she said, "I'll go back to you guys after a while. I hope you guys are really as rich and foolish as you say!"

"Of course."

…

Two days later, in the afternoon, Li Mu held up a large sign in front of the exit of Terminal T2 of the capital airport. After the flight from Bangkok to Yanjing landed, a large group of people gradually poured out of the exit. Li Mu held the sign and waited for 20 minutes. A young white woman about 1.73 meters tall, slightly thin, stood in front of Li Mu and said in very rusty Chinese, "Ni Hao …"

Li Mu turned his head to have a look. The girl was tall and thin, with blond hair and blue eyes. She looked very much like the American actress Blake Lively, also known as S in the gossip girls, the female star who had a scandal with Li later. Li Mu turned his head to have a look.

The girl was carrying a huge backpack that was a little scary. She also had a sleeping bag and a pair of hiking shoes. It was obvious that she was a typical backpacker.

Just as Li Mu was about to ask her if it was her, she pointed at the name on the sign and then at herself. When Li Mu heard this, he immediately nodded and said, "Yes, I am. Thank you." After that, Li Mu reached out and gently shook hands with Alea.

Alea finally breathed a sigh of relief and said in English, "I heard about your situation from Dufy. This time, I'll stay in Hua Xia for a while and help you with the MP3 design."

Li Mu nodded and offered to help her with the backpack. Then, they went to the parking lot.

Alea said embarrassedly, "This backpack is too heavy. I'll do it myself."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In Hua Xia, if a man walks empty-handed with a woman carrying such a big backpack, he will be looked down upon by everyone. People will say that he's not a gentleman."

Alea stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "Alright then. No matter what, I can't let a gentleman be misunderstood." After that, she took off the huge backpack and handed it to Li Mu.

When Li Mu took the backpack, he was secretly shocked when he felt the weight in his hands. This backpack was at least 30 to 40 pounds. It was really admirable for a girl to carry such a heavy backpack around the world.

After getting into the car, Li Mu said to Alea while driving, "I've booked a hotel room for you. I'll drive you there later. Put your backpack down and rest. We'll go for dinner together."

Alea hurriedly waved her hand and said, "Mr. Li, you don't have to be so polite. I'm used to staying in a youth hostel. It's such a waste to stay in a hotel …"

Li Mu said firmly, "When you're a backpacker, it's your choice. But since you're in Yanjing, you're my guest. I can't let my guest stay in a youth hostel. Moreover, if you want to work, you need a quiet and comfortable environment."

Alea still wanted to refuse, but she remembered what Dufy had told her about Hua Xia's hospitality and the characteristics of Hua Xia's male chauvinism in the National People's Congress, so she didn't refute.

Then the two chatted for a while, and Li Mu learned from Alea that she was 24 years old this year. She had been traveling around the world since graduation, and it had been more than a year since then. Over the past year, she had been to more than 60 different countries, all the way from North America to South America, from Argentina to the South Pole with a research ship that docked at a port for supplies, and from the South Pole to Africa, then north along Africa to Europe, Western Europe to Eastern Europe, from Moscow to Turkey via the Black Sea, and then to Asia. Along the way, she had experienced countless customs and customs. Whenever she ran out of money, she would stop to find a part-time job or a design job.

She would save enough money to continue her journey. While Li Mu admired her courage and perseverance, he also secretly rejoiced. Fortunately, he had practiced English well in his previous life, so there was no difficulty in communicating.

Li Mu asked her why she didn't choose to work after graduation, but instead chose to travel around the world in such a tiring way.

She replied, "I don't think it's tiring. On the contrary, I think it's very fulfilling. When I've traveled all the places I want to go, I'll go back to my hometown in England and write a book about my travels in peace."

Li Mu said, "Then you must give me a copy when the time comes."

Alea stuck out her tongue and said, "I don't even know if it can be published after I write it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If it can't be published, you can send me a digital version."

Alea giggled and agreed. "Alright then, I'll definitely send you a copy when the time comes …"

The hotel Li Mu had booked for Alea was a five-star hotel on Chang 'an Avenue. Li Mu had booked a business suite in advance and paid a sufficient deposit in advance to ensure Alea's accommodation and daily expenses.

Ever since Li Mu started his business, he had always treated talents with a high premium. It wasn't that he had nowhere to spend his money, but it was mainly for the future. The scale of his business would get bigger and bigger, and he would earn more and more money. The prerequisite was that he had a strong team to support him. As long as it was a talent, Li Mu was willing to pay more than others and treat them with more courtesy. A true talent would always let you earn more than you spent. The more you spent, the more you earned.

Alea had been out in the world for so long, and this was the first time she had met someone as considerate and thoughtful as Li Mu. Although he had a job for her to complete, what he had done was more than what she was paid for. This made her feel flattered and uneasy, but more than that, she was touched.

Li Mu walked her to the door of the room, but he had no intention of entering. Instead, he took out a large brown envelope from his pocket. There was ten thousand yuan in cash, a brand new Nokia mobile phone, and a savings card with fifty thousand yuan in it.

Li Mu said, "This cash will save you the trouble of exchanging yuan. If you need anything, you can choose to pay in cash or by card. The password is 123456. You can also withdraw cash from the ATM. The ATM has an English operation mode. It's very simple. There's already a Hua Xia SIM card in the phone, and it has international phone service. You can use it to contact your family and friends at any time. I've saved my number in it. If you need to contact me, just call me."

Alea quickly waved her hand and said, "Mr Li, thank you for your kindness, but I can't accept this money …"

Li Mu said, "You can temporarily treat it as your payment. If you haven't spent it all by the time you leave, I'll convert it into US dollars and give you the rest. Is that okay?"

After hearing what Li Mu said, Alea thought for a moment. She had spent some money when she was sick, and she had also spent a lot of money when she transferred to Yanjing. Now, all her money should be less than a thousand dollars. It seemed that she really shouldn't force herself at this time, so she took the envelope from Li Mu with both hands and placed it on her chest. She said with a face full of gratitude, "Thank you, Mr Li. You're really too kind!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Go in and put your things down first. You can also take a shower and have a rest. It's five o 'clock in the afternoon in Yanjing. We're going to have dinner at seven o' clock. I'll wait for you in the hotel lobby at seven o 'clock. I've ordered the most famous Yanjing roast duck in Yanjing. Let's go and try it tonight."

Alea almost burst into tears when she heard this. Although she had always been a very independent and very strong woman, this was the first time that she had been so carefully taken care of by someone other than her parents. She suddenly realized that the feeling of being taken care of was so special. It was a very special kind of beauty.