Chapter 1725

The reason why Li Mu insisted on the copyright issue was that copyright was the core of the culture and entertainment industry.

Take the movie industry for example. Why did the commercial movie industry in China start so slowly and develop so slowly?

The reason was not only the people's consumption level was not high enough, but the lack of copyright protection was also a big problem.

It was not easy for a director to raise millions of dollars, but a movie was not shown in the cinema for two days, and a five-yuan pirated CD was everywhere. One could even rent one from a pirated video store for 50 cents a day. Under such circumstances, the director's efforts were all for the pirated industry chain, causing the movie's box office to be sluggish. Whoever made the movie would lose money, and the commercial movie industry could not develop well.

It was the same for the music industry. In the early years, when pirated tapes and CDs were rampant, the original versions were suppressed. Later, when pirated tapes and CDs were eliminated, online pirated versions appeared. It was not easy to eliminate the online pirated versions, and the people were used to listening to songs without paying. At this time, the original versions could only go the free route. Later, no stars were willing to release albums.

Take Zhou Jielun as an example. In the early years, he would release an album a year. He would painstakingly write a dozen or so songs and put them on an album. Then, the original album would sell millions, and the pirated version would sell tens of millions or even more. Later, music became free online, and singers were forced to rely on traffic to make money. Writing a dozen or so songs at once to release an album became something only a fool would do.

Instead of working hard to collect a dozen songs for a few years, it was better to release a single in a few months, one after another. This way, they could ensure consistent exposure, and it was much better than releasing an album. In any case, physical albums could not sell much.

Therefore, after 2015, there were no longer any music stores on the streets and alleys. They had long become obsolete products of the times. Most singers were busy shooting movies, rushing schedules, and filming reality shows. Who would have the time to write songs?

Recording songs?

When they felt that the popularity had gone down, and the announcement fees were about to be reduced, they quickly released a single, bought some trending searches, and refreshed the charts to stir up the popularity again. In the next few months, they could use the high announcement fees to make money everywhere.

This kind of bad environment caused those musicians who focused on making music to suffer more and more. Thus, it formed the phenomenon of bad money driving out good money. No one focused on making music, so the level of the whole pop music dropped, and songs of praise ran rampant.

Why can Japanese comics be so good? It is inseparable from the good domestic market environment. In Hua Xia, there are more than a billion people. If a single book sells more than 100,000 copies, it will be considered a hot seller. Many book publishers only dare to print 6,000 or 8,000 copies. Why?

That was because if they printed too many of them, they would not be able to sell them, and they would end up in storage. In the end, they could only be sold as waste paper.

But Japan only has a population of slightly more than 100 million. A national manga can sell more than 100 million copies in China. What kind of concept is this?

The concept of everyone having a copy.

One Piece's total domestic sales exceeded 300 million copies, which was the concept of two copies per person.

It is precisely because of such a good legal market that cartoonists can make money, so that they can support so many cartoonists. On the other hand, in China, except for some well-known best-selling writers, how many writers can rely on physical books to support themselves?

Liu Cixin didn't make much money writing so many books before "The Three-Body Problem" won the award, and even sold the film and television copyright of "The Three-Body Problem" for more than 100,000 yuan. If he could earn millions of millions by publishing, the film and television copyright of "The Three-Body Problem" would naturally not be sold so cheaply and in such a hurry.

Therefore, in the final analysis, the legal version is the best way to cultivate the market.

Director Wang of Xiangnan Satellite TV didn't expect Li Mu to have such a strong demand for copyright, but he didn't dare to refuse Li Mu, or play dumb with Li Mu on this issue, so he readily agreed.

After negotiating the premise of copyright, Li Mu nodded with satisfaction and said, "Now that we have reached an agreement on copyright, let's talk about the specific program plan."

With that, Li Mu said, "I have no objection to you asking for six groups of guests and twelve people. There are too many people and it's messy. If there are too few people, it's not lively. I think twelve people is not bad, but I personally suggest that you add another group, that is, set the number of people at fourteen. In this way, starting from the first episode, the seventh contestant group will enter the waiting list."

"The contestants who enter the waiting list will be punished in the next episode, such as a time penalty. In this way, they will be at a natural disadvantage in the second episode, which will force them to go all out in the second episode, because if they are still in the last place after two episodes, they will be eliminated. If the total score of the second episode can catch up, they can avoid being eliminated. In this way, each episode will add an elimination crisis that will make the audience nervous and exciting."

Director Wang thought for a moment, nodded and said, "Li Zong's suggestion is very good. We will definitely study it carefully."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In the selection of these seven groups of guests, I also hope that you can follow a few basic principles."

Director Wang hurriedly said, "Li Zong, please go ahead."

Li Mu said, "The first basic principle is that we try to choose public figures, whether they are stars, famous writers, or famous athletes. They must have enough popularity. Don't choose passers-by, because passers-by do not have the fan effect and are not attractive enough."

Director Wang smacked his lips and said with some embarrassment, "Li Zong, if we choose all famous public figures, the cost of a team of fourteen people may be higher."

"Higher?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "The reputation of Makino Technology is right there. Even if we don't pay, the stars will rush to come. After all, the exposure behind it is still very high."

With that, Li Mu added, "Of course, it's impossible for us not to pay, but we can't pay too much. At that time, we will talk about it according to the friendship price. There should be a lot of room for negotiation."

Director Wang is worried about the high cost, but he has his own considerations.

As far as the experience of Xiangnan Satellite TV is concerned, the cost of inviting stars for a single variety show is indeed low. For example, "Happy Camp". After it was done, most of the stars were basically at the friendship price or even free. Some of them were not famous enough, and even begged to be on it.

If these stars come to participate in a program, as long as they come for half a day, it will not have much impact on the time and energy of the stars themselves, so it is very cost-effective for the stars.

However, for a variety show with long-term fixed guests, it is difficult to reduce the cost of inviting stars, because stars must coordinate a schedule, such as 20 days or 30 days. During this period, they have to push away other work, or give up the opportunity to take other work, and only do this one work, the cost is bound to be high.

In fact, for this model, it is very direct to use running men as an example. Deng Biao, Chen He, and Baby. The pay for a season is very high, and it will get higher and higher. In the end, it will even be so high that the TV station will not be able to bear it.

However, the guests who come to every episode, even if they are not lower than them at all, the price is very low, and even some basically do not need money.

Carefully observing the guests of running men in every episode, the biggest guest is almost always here to promote, and to promote the movie they starred in the most. For them, anyway, it's just taking half a day to record a program and make an advertisement. I don't want your money, and you are also charged my money. Everyone is equivalent to a resource exchange.

However, if the program team wants to exchange resources with Deng Biao, the other party will probably curse.

However, Li Mu does not care about this. In his opinion, Makino Technology's resources are stronger than any internet company in the future, and they are also stronger than any TV station in the future. This kind of giant level of a father has never appeared in the future. So, with the golden brand of Makino Technology placed here, there must be a lot of stars who are willing to reduce their pay to participate.

This is not because Li Mu is stingy and wants to save money, but because Li Mu does not want to cultivate the bad habit of paying celebrities high from the start.

If an actor comes to record a season of a reality show, runs around and has fun for less than a month, and wants to earn tens of millions, he is probably crazy.

Then, Li Mu said, "The second basic principle is that our guests must have enough positive energy, and their values must be correct. There must be no negative news. Once there is negative news, it must be removed in time, and there must be no tolerance."

In the future, there were a lot of stars who were like clowns. There were also stars who had bad conduct, defamed the country, and distorted history. Once such a star appeared, Li Mu would never allow him to have any form of cooperation with Muye Technology. Even if they invested in a movie worth hundreds of millions of yuan, he would resolutely replace him and ban him. That was his principle.

Naturally, Director Wang has no opinion on this. He nodded and said, "Li Zong, I completely agree with this point."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The last basic principle is to do a good match. For example, we can't put 14 actors on the show, and we can't put 14 singers on the show. If the roles are similar, the audience will feel tired. So, we must give each group of guests a unique label, and the seven labels cannot be repeated."

Speaking of this, Li Mu paused and said, "For example, the first group can choose young idol actors, the second group can choose girl group singers, the third group can choose veteran actors and newcomers, the fourth group can find a pair of professional athletes, such as athletes who have won Olympic Games in table tennis, badminton, or other sports. The fifth group can find two best-selling authors, the sixth group can find a father and son in the entertainment circle, and the seventh group can find a pair of newlyweds. In this way, everyone will be different and have their own characteristics, and the audience will find it more interesting."

At this time, Ning Hao interrupted and said, "Li Zong, I have a question."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Go ahead."

Ning Hao said, "If we put professional athletes on the show, will it be unfair to the other groups?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "This is a problem, but it mainly depends on how we set up the tasks. When the time comes, the tasks of the competition must not only be physical competition, but also all kinds of brain competition, hands-on competition, and performance competition. In this way, we can balance everyone's advantages and shortcomings."

"For example, in the first episode, there will be mazes, extreme sports challenges, quiz, and even performances. In that case, no group of contestants can guarantee an overwhelming advantage. In this way, the competition will be more interesting."

Director Wang nodded and said in agreement, "In fact, we have also studied this program and think that the most important thing is the planning of the program. The planning must be done very well to achieve good results."

:.

: