Chapter 223

Xu Jiaming naturally recognized Tang Quan. He also knew that this guy had always been his cousin Xu Jiahua's follower. When he saw Tang Quan, he had already seen his cousin Xu Jiahua. The reason why he was immediately alerted was because he wanted to send a signal to Xu Jiahua. Using your dog to disgust me is too much.

Tang Quan was twenty-five years old this year. He opened a film and television company in Yanjing. The company had signed a bunch of small stars and models, and he often participated in the production and distribution of films and cultural activities. He liked to mingle in the entertainment circle and the second generation circle. He relied on the female artists he signed to enter the second generation circle to make a name for himself. In recent years, he was appreciated by Xu Jiahua, so he became his follower.

The conflict between Xu Jiahua and Hui Ka Ming had been going on for a long time. Their fathers had been at odds for decades. Xu Jiahua's grandmother was the first wife of the old man, and after she passed away, the old man married Hui Ka Ming's grandmother. Their half-fathers had been hostile to each other since they were young, and the conflict was even worse when it came to the third generation.

Tang Quan naturally knew his boss's likes and dislikes. As soon as he saw Hui Ka Ming, he didn't wait for Xu Jiahua to speak and started cursing.

Xu Jiaming's counterattack provoked Tang Quan's arrogance even more. He waved his hand and called out to his two companions. Gritting his teeth, he walked over with a face full of arrogance.

Xu Jiaming naturally didn't back down. He walked over to the three of them, and Xu Jiahui immediately stood up and followed his big brother. Seeing this, Chen Ze couldn't help but feel a headache coming on, and he also walked over.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "They're not going to fight, are they?"

Li Mu said indifferently, "Let's fight then."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Don't be impulsive!"

Li Mu stood up with a smile and said, "No matter what, we came here together. In this situation, whether or not there's a fight, we have to take a stance. You sit there and don't move. I'll go take a look."

Su Yingxue wanted to stop Li Mu, but seeing his expression, she knew it was useless, so she hurriedly said, "Don't be impulsive."

Li Mu gave her a comforting look. "Don't worry. I know what I'm doing."

Li Mu strode forward. Hui Ka Ming and Tang Quan were already facing each other and were about to start a fight.

Hui Ka Ming was unwilling to let his cousin release the dog. He wanted to beat the dog up first.

After all, we share the same surname. If I hit your dog, it wouldn't be a big deal in the eyes of the family. You wouldn't dare to make a move on me.

Tang Quan also had a plan in mind.

He took the initiative to provoke Xu Jiahua in order to please him. He wanted Xu Jiahua to see that he didn't need to do anything to deal with annoying people. He could help him settle the matter.

Therefore, he held back his anger. So what if he really hit Xu Jiaming?

He had Xu Jiahua's support anyway.

Chen Ze wanted to mediate between the two, but the two were at daggers drawn. They didn't seem to want to listen to him.

Tang Quan glanced at Chen Ze, who was standing between the two, and said politely and forcefully, "Brother Ze, this is between me and Hui Ka Ming. If you still see me as a friend, don't interfere."

Chen Ze said expressionlessly, "I don't know you well. Also, you were the one who started it, right?"

Tang Quan's face turned red.

Chen Ze didn't forget to slap his own face when he helped Hui Ka Ming.

Was he going to interfere?

Tang Quan thought that Chen Ze would at least give him some face. He didn't expect that he wouldn't.

Tang Quan's face didn't look too good, and his tone became more aggressive. He gritted his teeth and said, "This is between me and Xu Jiaming. Brother Ze, you better not interfere. Otherwise, it won't look good for everyone."

Chen Ze sneered, "Tang Quan, there are two things. Firstly, you're not qualified to talk to me. Secondly, you're causing trouble for my friend right in front of me.

You're causing trouble for me. I'll remember this. "

As soon as Chen Ze said this, a trace of panic flashed across Tang Quan's face.

Chen Ze was much more powerful than him in Beijing, even though he had Xu Jiahua to back him up.

Although he had Xu Jiahua's support, Xu Jiahua wouldn't offend Chen Ze for him. Now, Chen Ze was implying that they were on bad terms. Tang Quan didn't stand to gain.

At the same time, an ordinary-looking man stood up from the opposite crowd and walked forward with a ferocious aura.

He smiled and sized Chen Ze up, "Old Chen, Tang Quan is my man. This has nothing to do with you. It's not appropriate for you to interfere."

Chen Ze smiled and asked, "Jiahua, your man came up to scold your two brothers. Shouldn't you give him two slaps?"

Xu Jiahua looked at Xu Jiaming and Xu Jiahui, pointing at them and shrugging: "Did Tang Quan scold them?

Why didn't I hear that?

It seemed like he was only saying that the two of them deserved to be disemboweled!

Was I wrong?

As an elder brother, I really want to be partial to them, but they are really dead. Tang Quan is right, so I can't do anything about it! "

"Xu Jiahua, don't go overboard!" Hui Ka Ming's face was ashen as he gritted his teeth.

Xu Jiahua smiled and said, "Jiaming, I don't need to tell you whether you're a flop or not. You know that your standards are far from good, so don't run around all day. You should work hard and do some serious work. You have to know that you're not only losing your face by fooling around outside, but also my face, and the entire Xu family's face. You've f * cking lost all of it!"

Xu Jiahua pointed at Tang Quan's face and said, "If you're doing well, why would he dare to insult you in front of so many people?"

Tang Quan was relieved. He was intimidated by Chen Ze just now, but now that Xu Jiahua was backing him up, what was there to be afraid of?

Hence, he shouted at Hui Ka Ming even more arrogantly, "Did you hear that?

If you deserve it, you deserve it. You think you're so great?

Who do you think you are? F * ck! "

Xu Jiaming and Xu Jiahui were so angry that they were trembling. Xu Jiaming looked at Tang Quan's face and couldn't hold it in any longer. He suddenly reached out and slapped Tang Quan across the face. Slap! A crisp sound rang out.

Tang Quan was stunned, Xu Jiahua was stunned, and so were the rest.

No one expected Xu Jiaming to make the first move. This time, Tang Quan was completely enraged. He covered his face and called out to his two brothers, pointing at Xu Jiaming: "Damn it, go and beat him up!"

Just as Tang Quan's two brothers were about to make a move, Chen Ze suddenly yelled angrily, "Calm the f * ck down!"

After shouting, Tang Quan and his brothers stopped. This was the time for the bosses to talk, and if they acted rashly, they might cause trouble for the boss. If they couldn't come up with a good reason, it wouldn't be too late for them to beat Tang Quan when the boss gave the order.

Chen Ze's expression was cold, and his voice was low. He looked around, and his gaze stopped on Xu Jiahua, "Jiahua, give me, Chen Ze, some face, and let this matter end here. After today, the conflict between Hui Ka Ming and Tang Quan, let them settle it themselves. None of us shall interfere."

Xu Jiahua shook his head, "Chen Ze, don't say that I'm not giving you face. Today's matter is between the two of them, but Hui Ka Ming hit my men. If I don't give him an explanation, how am I going to show my face in front of so many friends?"

Chen Ze furrowed his brows, "Then why don't you give me a solution first, and we'll see if we can get through to this."

Xu Jiahua shrugged his shoulders and laughed, "I'm not the one who got hit, and I have no right to speak up for him. Tang Quan, you tell me yourself, how do you want to settle this matter today?"

Tang Quan laughed sinisterly, "Brother Hua, I want him to bow down and apologize to me, and say three times in front of everyone that he's blind and stupid!"

Thinking about the blood relationship between Hui Ka Ming and Xu Jiahua, Tang Quan couldn't bring himself to make any more vicious demands.

Hui Ka Ming was enraged, and charged forward to beat Tang Quan up, but was stopped by Tang Quan's brothers.

Xu Jiahua loved to see Xu Jiaming make a fool of himself. Seeing Xu Jiaming's infuriated yet helpless appearance, Xu Jiahua felt indescribably good in his heart and even laughed out loud. After letting out a few unbridled laughs, Xu Jiahua patted Tang Quan's shoulder and said: "Little brother, this request of yours is a bit too much. Jiaming is my little brother, how can I watch him lose face like this?

Why don't you change to someone else? "

Tang Quan knew that Xu Jiahua was putting on a show with him, and looking at his expression, he knew that Xu Jiahua felt that his request was not enough to humiliate Hui Ka Ming. Therefore, he shot a glance at Su Yingxue's seat, and blurted out without thinking, "Change to someone else, Brother Jiahua, I think that the girl they brought is not bad, as long as she can accompany me for a night, I'll forget about that slap just now!"

The crowd behind Tang Quan burst into unbridled laughter. Tang Quan didn't know whose girlfriend that beautiful girl was, but he was sure that she wasn't Chen Ze's girlfriend. This was because everyone in the circle knew that Chen Ze had been in love with a girl overseas for many years, and his infatuation had never changed. As long as she wasn't Chen Ze's girlfriend, he had no qualms about it, and he knew that it was best for a girl to humiliate a man.

Just as he stared at Hui Ka Ming, wanting to see how he would react, a flash of light suddenly flashed before his eyes. Following that, he felt a strong slap on the left side of his face, causing him to stagger uncontrollably, his head spinning for a long time before he could react.

This time, even Chen Ze was shocked. He stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. He didn't expect this kid to be so hot-tempered. Both sides were already at daggers drawn, but he actually hit him just like that!

Tang Quan's brothers couldn't take it anymore. If it wasn't for Chen Ze stopping them, they would have beaten up Hui Ka Ming when he hit Hui Ka Ming. Now, an unknown kid actually dared to hit Hui Ka Ming, and hit him so hard. This was really intolerable.

The two of them exchanged glances, and were about to charge at Li Mu together. Li Mu didn't even try to dodge. He stood on the spot and sneered, looking at Xu Jiahua and asked, "Don't these people under you know the rules?"

Xu Jiahua looked at Li Mu coldly, asking him, "Tell me, what are the rules?"