Chapter 430

Exhausted, the two of them hugged each other to sleep. For either of them, this was an exceptionally peaceful sleep.

Li Mu had wasted more than 30 years in his previous life. Although he had dated a few girls, most of the time, he was alone. It was rare for him to be able to sleep with a woman he loved so peacefully, not to mention that he had never been so intimate with a woman since he was reborn. Therefore, when he held Zhao Ziqiu tightly in his arms from behind, let her rest on his arm, and stroked her softness with one hand, his heart involuntarily wanted to protect and care for her. That kind of feeling was as wonderful as a dream.

After abandoning desire, if there was still affection, it must be from the heart. In the past, Li Mu did not think that he was a playboy, but today, he could not withstand Zhao Ziqiu's deep love. Although he had not figured out how to deal with his relationship with her until the moment he fell asleep, at least there was one thing that Li Mu could be firm about, and that was: never let her down.

Zhao Ziqiu was relatively simpler. Her body and mind were all on Li Mu. Being hugged and stroked by Li Mu gave her a great satisfaction. Sleeping in Li Mu's arms, feeling his breathing and heartbeat, Zhao Ziqiu was even willing to stop time. As long as she could get back Li Mu's heart, she was willing to do anything.

Wang Yanan slept soundly for a whole day. Hu Zhengdao, who rushed to the Yang City Airport in Gui Province, called her, but found that no one answered, so he called Li Mu, but no one answered. Then he called Zhao Ziqiu, but no one answered. Hu Zhengdao guessed that the three of them should be resting. After such a long period of accompanying Zhao Ziqiu, Hu Zhengdao felt that the most tiring staying up late was accompanying Zhao Ziqiu in the hospital. It was much more tiring and exhausting than working a 24-hour night shift at McDonald's.

Hu Zhengdao's flight was at 6 pm, and it would be around 9 pm when he arrived in Yan Jing. Because his phone was turned off on the plane, he was worried that Wang Yanan would not be able to contact him after waking up, so he sent her a message before the plane took off, telling her that he had already boarded the plane and that they would meet in a few hours. He told her not to be afraid and not to worry, and that he would handle everything with her.

After sending the message, the stewardess walked to the front politely and said to Hu Zhengdao, "Sir, the plane has been pushed out and is about to take off. Please turn off your phone …"

Hu Zhengdao hurriedly nodded apologetically. As he turned off his phone, he said, "I'm sorry."

The stewardess responded with a polite smile, and then went to the back to check the other passengers in the cabin. Hu Zhengdao looked at the dim sky outside the window, and a wave of tiredness hit him. He lay on the seat and closed his eyes to rest.

Thinking back on his experience during this period of time, Hu Zhengdao sometimes admired himself. Not only did he have a girlfriend from the northwest mountainous area, but he also relied on tutoring to support himself and his family. At that time, he was really satisfied. He always felt that his life seemed to have begun to have a huge change. However, he did not expect that such good days would only last for a few days before something happened to his girlfriend's family.

In the beginning, Hu Zhengdao did not even know what kind of disease uremia was, but it was because of his deep love for Wang Yanan that he carried this huge burden without any hesitation. Moreover, he carried it for so long, which was really admirable. Of course, he also understood that if it were not for Li Mu's generosity and the high-income job of the legendary overlord of sales for him, not only would he not be able to carry it, but Wang Yanan's mother would also have been unable to carry it.

As for Li Mu, Hu Zhengdao felt that even if he could pay off the money he owed him one day, he might not be able to repay the favor he owed him in this lifetime.

…

When Wang Yanan was woken up by the text message on her phone, it was already the last notification of the text message from Hu Zhengdao. When she opened her eyes, not only did she feel a splitting headache, but her whole body was also exhausted. However, the moment she opened her eyes, her mind was filled with her mother who was still lying in the ICU. She hurriedly struggled to get up, wanting to go to the hospital to see her.

After struggling to get up and get dressed, Wang Yanan remembered the notification on her phone. She picked up her phone and looked at it. There were missed calls and text messages from Hu Zhengdao. She first called him back and found that his phone was turned off. Only then did she open the text message and found out that he had already boarded the plane and was on his way back.

Wang Yanan did not know that Hu Zhengdao had gone out to look for an illegal organ intermediary. She only knew that Hu Zhengdao had gotten a well-paid job from Li Mu, but the only downside was that he often had to go out. Wang Yanan had once asked Hu Zhengdao what kind of work he was doing, but Hu Zhengdao had never explained it clearly. He only said that he was doing something related to the Internet, but he did not tell Wang Yanan about the plug-in.

When she saw Hu Zhengdao's message, Wang Yanan felt a lot more relieved. In the past, there were always people whispering in her ears that Hu Zhengdao's family was poor and unworthy of her, and they vaguely advised her to stop and break up with him as soon as possible. But now, all those people who said these things had completely shut up. Now, all the girls in Yan Du University knew that she had found an extremely reliable and responsible boyfriend, and there were many people who envied her.

Wang Yanan came out of the room, washed her face, and prepared to go out. When she was at the door, she found that Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu's shoes were still at the door. From the moment she got up until now, she thought that the two of them had already left. It seemed that the two of them were still there.

Instinctively, Wang Yanan looked at the door of the guest bedroom and thought to herself, "Could Ziqiu and Li Mu be in the guest bedroom?"

As she thought about it, she could not help but walk to the door and gently push it open. The situation on the bed shocked her!

She saw Li Mu hugging Zhao Ziqiu, and one of his hands was even under her clothes. From the strange bulge in Zhao Ziqiu's underwear, she could see where Li Mu's hand was. Zhao Ziqiu was curled up like a kitten, and Li Mu wrapped her in the same C-shape from behind. Although she was asleep, she still had a happy smile on her face.

Suddenly, Wang Yanan could not help but laugh. Then, she hurriedly covered her mouth and left the room, gently closing the door.

As a roommate and good friend, Wang Yanan was all too clear about Zhao Ziqiu's feelings for Li Mu. Although she also knew that Li Mu had a girlfriend, at this moment, seeing the two of them sleeping together like this, Wang Yanan was very happy for Zhao Ziqiu. No matter what, she most hoped that Zhao Ziqiu's efforts would be reciprocated. The scene she saw just now was simply the scene that made her the happiest in a long time.

After leaving the guest bedroom, Wang Yanan was in a much better mood. Her body also felt lighter. After changing into her shoes, she left the house alone and walked to the hospital.

The doctor in the ICU was already unwilling to let her in to visit. He only told her that her mother had just finished dialysis three hours ago and was now resting. Her vital signs had stabilized a lot, and she was considered to be out of danger.

The doctor also said that all the equipment in the ICU was very complete. There was a special hemodialysis equipment, so her mother could receive almost all the treatment she needed except for surgery in the ICU bed.

After hearing this, Wang Yanan's worried heart also relaxed. Seeing that she still did not want to go back, the doctor opened a gap in the ICU blinds so that she could get closer to see her mother sleeping soundly on the bed. Wang Yanan stood in front of the glass window. She did not want to go anywhere. She just wanted to stay here with her mother and wait for Hu Zhengdao to come back.

…

When Li Mu woke up, the sky outside was completely dark. Zhao Ziqiu, who was in his arms, was still sleeping soundly. Her right arm was already numb from being used as a pillow by Zhao Ziqiu. His left hand was still caressing one of her soft parts. With a thought, he gently pinched that protrusion between his fingers, and the lower part of her body that was tightly pressed against Zhao Ziqiu also reacted immediately.

Zhao Ziqiu was awakened by the movement of Li Mu's hand and the changes in her body. She gently pressed down on Li Mu's naughty hand and turned around to touch the tip of Li Mu's nose. She smiled shyly and said, "I slept so well …"

Li Mu gently kissed her lips and asked her, "Are you hungry?

Do you want to go eat something? "

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and suddenly thought of Wang Yanan. She hurriedly said, "Oh, I'll go see if Yanan has woken up. You should also get dressed quickly. If she sees us like this … it's not good …"

Li Mu nodded. They got up and got dressed. Zhao Ziqiu ran to the master bedroom to have a look. When she came back, she said in surprise, "Yanan is not at home."

"Not at home?" Li Mu frowned and asked, "Did she go out?"

"Maybe. I'll call her and ask!" Zhao Ziqiu said and took out her mobile phone to call Wang Yanan.

Wang Yanan was in the hospital. When she received a call from Zhao Ziqiu, she couldn't help but ask, "Are you awake?"

"Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu instinctively responded. Then she realized the problem. She didn't know if she came in to see when she and Li Mu fell asleep. She asked her guiltily, "When did you leave?

Did you go to the hospital?

Why didn't you tell me? "

Wang Yanan smiled and said, "I was in the hospital. When I left, I saw you and Li Mu sleeping so soundly. I didn't have the heart to disturb you …"

Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face instantly turned red. She hesitated and said, "Yanan, don't do that …"

Wang Yanan hurriedly said, "Don't worry. I won't tell anyone. I won't tell Zhengdao. I will keep your secret!"

Zhao Ziqiu was relieved. She whispered, "You're the best. Li Mu and I want to go out to eat something. Do you want to join us?"

Wang Yanan said, "I won't go. I don't have much appetite. I'll stay in the hospital to take care of my mother. When Zhengdao comes back, we'll go out to eat together."

"Zhengdao is back?"

"Yes. They're on the plane. It won't take long for them to arrive."

Zhao Ziqiu was relieved and said, "Well, I'll go to the hospital to see Auntie after eating."