Chapter 80

Guo Lin was brewing up the usual conspiracies used in old state-owned enterprises, while Li Mu slept until the sun was high up in the sky. Zhao Kang called him from seven o 'clock until nine o' clock. Su Yingxue also called him a few times in between, but he did not hear any of them.

Perhaps he was too tired from yesterday's tossing and turning, so he slept like a log.

After waking up, Li Mu looked at the time. It was already past ten o 'clock. Looking at the missed calls, he called his dad first. They had already arrived at the headquarters, and everything was fine.

Looking at the missed calls from Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue, Li Mu thought that both of them should be at the driving school, so he called Su Yingxue back.

Ladies first, after all.

Su Yingxue was worried sick. When Li Mu called, she picked up and asked him what happened.

Li Mu said that he slept like a log at home. Su Yingxue was speechless. After worrying for more than an hour, it turned out that this guy slept like a log at home.

After asking around, he heard that the driving school was practicing starting and parking. Li Mu gave up on the idea of getting up and rushing over, so he stayed at home to catch up on his sleep.

In the afternoon, Li Mu logged into QQ to ask Kong Lingyu about the development progress of Easy Listener. Kong Lingyu's reply was, "The progress is progressing according to plan. It should be online in about three days."

Li Mu asked him for the homepage that the art designer made. After looking at it briefly, he was not very satisfied.

The current web design had no beauty to speak of. Even if it was designed by professionals, it would not look as awesome as QQspace a few years later. To put it bluntly, the current development of the web was still limited to practicality. Every area on the homepage was clearly divided. The corners of the pictures were clear, and there was no beauty at all. Even the use of fonts was a little messy.

Li Mu spent more than an hour to make a rather detailed comment and sent it to Kong Lingyu, asking him to arrange for the art designer to come up with an improved version within 24 hours.

All music websites provided online listening and download services. In this case, it was all about the user's experience. What Li Mu wanted was a simple but not simple style of page in the future. Every area, every button, and even every hyperlink option should have an incomparably exquisite visual effect.

Under Li Mu's request, Kong Lingyu promised to release the closed beta version in 24 hours. Li Mu knew that a product from version 1.0 to 1.9 would still be constantly changing its functions and fixing bugs. So, to make the plan of going online in three days reliable, he had to force Kong Lingyu to bring forward the time. No matter what, he had to get it online first. He had to leave two days to check for flaws.

After watching Simple Plan's performance yesterday, Li Mu realized the current influence of Simple Plan. He believed that once the video of the semi-finals was broadcasted on the television station, coupled with the hype from the fake reviewers, Simple Plan's reputation would rise to another level. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Yi Ting had to go online and release the two recorded versions of Simple Plan's songs. That way, fans and netizens could find the audio of their songs online. Furthermore, it was a perfect recorded version, not a noisy live version that lacked professionalism.

Li Mu gave Kong Lingyu a death order. After communicating with Kong Lingyu about Easy Listener, he went to search for news about Shengda.

Shengda was still an unknown small company at this time. Li Mu searched for a long time before he found a piece of news: Shengda signed a contract with South Korea's Actoz to import the company's online work, "Legend."

Li Mu was a little speechless. He thought Shengda should already be in closed beta. He didn't expect the contract to be signed in July. It seemed that the open beta would be at the end of September or early October?

It seemed that if he wanted to get rich, he had to wait until the end of the year.

Unknowingly, it was five o 'clock in the afternoon. Li Mu's phone, which had been silent for the whole afternoon, suddenly rang happily. It was Zhang Kexuan.

"Mu Ge!" As soon as the call was connected, Zhang Kexuan asked impatiently, "Where is your home?

We are so f * cking confused! "

"You guys?" Li Mu asked in surprise, "Where are you guys?"

"The four of us came to Haizhou to visit you!" Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "We won the competition. We are here to thank you!"

"Come on!" Li Mu laughed and scolded, "If you have something to say, just say it. Don't talk nonsense."

"We are really in Haizhou. Xiaowan told us that your home is in the Xiling Coal Mine District. We couldn't find you for a long time."

"Our house is not easy to find. The gate of the community is not on the main road. Where are you? I will pick you up."

Zhang Kexuan said, "We are parked on the side of the road. There is a Blue Apple Internet Cafe on the left."

"Got it."

The Blue Apple Internet Cafe was about one or two kilometers away from his home. Li Mu immediately directed them to approach his location along the main road. Then he went out and went straight to the main road to welcome them.

On the side of the road, Zhang Kexuan drove the Land Cruiser and slowly stopped beside Li Mu. Ye Tianming pushed the door from the passenger seat and bowed to Li Mu and said, "Mu Ge, please."

Li Mu shook his head helplessly and boarded the Land Cruiser's passenger seat. Ye Tianming then sat in the back row. The other two members of the band, Xia Xia and Gu Wei, were also in the back row.

"Hello, Mu Ge."

The four deliberately dragged the word "hello", just like students standing up to say hello to the teacher before class.

Li Mu didn't bother to correct them. He just asked, "You just finished the competition yesterday. Why didn't you be a star in Jinling? Why did you come to Haizhou to find me?"

"Mu Ge."

Zhang Kexuan smiled and pointed to the back, "There is a gift in the trunk for you. Let's have dinner together tonight. Tianming has arranged everything, Haizhou Ecological Park."

Li Mu turned to look at Ye Tianming and said with a smile, "Why do you want to go to the ecological park for dinner?"

Ye Tianming laughed and scratched his head, "I didn't decide it. It was Brother Liang who decided it."

Li Mu nodded. He didn't expect them to inform Song Liang. Li Mu glanced at Ye Tianming and suddenly felt that the four of them didn't just come to thank him. Yesterday at the backstage of the stadium, he told Ye Tianming that he would ask Song Liang for help. The four of them all came today. Did they come to help him return the favor?

Thinking about it, Li Mu was moved. The four rich second generations were really loyal. He had nothing to say.

Ye Tianming said that the time arranged by Song Liang was seven o 'clock in the evening. There were still two hours left. Li Mu invited them to his house for a while.

Zhang Kexuan directly parked the Land Cruiser in front of Li Mu's small courtyard. They got out of the car and Zhang Kexuan took out a huge black box from the trunk.

Li Mu could see that it was a guitar.

"Martin, I asked my friend to buy it from Tongli Guqin Shop in Hong Kong. I know you like folk songs, so I gave it to you as a gift."

Sitting on the sofa in the living room of Li Mu's house, Zhang Kexuan introduced the acoustic guitar, which amazed Li Mu.

"It is said to be a limited edition, but I don't know the specifics. I play the electric piano, so I don't know much about acoustic guitars."

Li Mu nodded. He held the guitar in front of his chest but didn't play it. Instead, he looked at Zhang Kexuan and said with a smile, "You came to me with a guitar. You can't wait to listen to the third song I prepared for you, right?"

The four people with a simple plan looked at each other. Zhang Kexuan gave a thumbs up to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, your eyes are too f * cking sharp!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. His heart was as clear as a mirror. He had a simple plan. They had just won the championship yesterday, so Zhang Kexuan and the others must be more concerned about the next competition. Therefore, before they knew what song they would use in the next competition, they would certainly be restless.

Therefore, Li Mu didn't deliberately keep them in suspense. He said straightforwardly, "The third song was originally intended for me, but I owe Tianming a favor, so I decided to give it to you. Forget it, I'll sing it for you first."

The four people suddenly became excited. They hurriedly sat up straight and stared at Li Mu, waiting for him to sing.

Li Mu picked up the Martin guitar, which was worth at least tens of thousands of yuan. After a few simple strumming, he began to sing in a slightly sentimental voice.

"That is the person I miss day and night and love deeply.

How can I express it?

Will she accept me?

Maybe I'll never say that to her.

I'm destined to wander the world.

How can I have worries?

…

Dreams are always out of reach.

Should I give up?

Flowers bloom and wilt. It's the rainy season.

Spring, where are you?

…

Youth is like a rushing river.

I can't come back to say goodbye.

I'm left numb. I don't have the hot blood of the past.

…

Did my original wish come true?

Can I only hold a memorial service now?