Chapter 1210

In Li Mu's eyes, Mark Zuckerberg was equivalent to Zhang Xiaolong in the eyes of Tencent's CEO Ma.

Li Mu would give him all the space, freedom, respect, and returns, but all of this was based on the premise that he would not break away from his own system.

Li Mu firmly believed that there were no real friends and partners in the business world. Everyone served themselves. In this case, even if he was Mark Zuckerberg's talent scout, he could not guarantee that he would always serve in his own system.

Therefore, the more potential Mark Zuckerberg showed, the more Li Mu wanted to keep him in his core team for a long time.

Out of this plan, Li Mu came up with a new cooperation plan. He was going to personally invest US $5 million in Mark Zuckerberg, accounting for 49% of the shares. The company was valued at US $10.2 million. At the same time, he wanted to use Makino Technology to lead, Taobao Technology, and Alipay to invest. He wanted to use these three companies to jointly set up an investment fund, and then use this fund to invest US $1.02 million in Mark Zuckerberg, accounting for 10% of the project.

In this way, Li Mu would own 49%, his own fund would own 10%, and Mark Zuckerberg would own 41% without spending a penny.

It seemed that Mark Zuckerberg was at an advantage, but for entrepreneurs with a little ambition, they were not willing to sacrifice a lot of shares in the angel round. Most entrepreneurs would not sell more than 30% of the shares to angel investors, not to mention losing the controlling stake in the first place.

Mark Zuckerberg was so smart, and he saw problems deeply and had a long-term vision. As long as such a person had thought about his project and was confident in it, he would not be willing to sell most of his shares to investors at the beginning, even if the angel investors took a little less money to do it slowly.

Li Mu now valued Mark Zuckerberg's idea at US $10.2 million, but as long as Mark Zuckerberg was confident in his own project, he was at least confident that the project would be valued at US $100 million. In this case, the more shares he sacrificed now, the more he would lose in the future.

Li Mu believed that if he proposed this plan directly to Mark Zuckerberg, even if Mark Zuckerberg admired him, he would never agree.

Therefore, to achieve this goal, he had to use tactics to slowly mediate.

At this time, an idea suddenly flashed in Li Mu's mind.

With the appearance of this inspiration, many of Li Mu's thoughts became clearer. A new script that revolved around Mark Zuckerberg was quickly born in his mind.

Therefore, Li Mu looked at Mark Zuckerberg with an enigmatic smile, but he didn't say a word.

Mark Zuckerberg was a little confused by Li Mu's strange look. He didn't understand why Li Mu was looking at him like that. Was there a huge bug in what he said just now?

Just as he was feeling puzzled, Li Mu suddenly stopped smiling and said with a sigh, "Ma Ke, Hua Xia has an old saying, 'Great minds think alike'. To put it in layman's terms, awesome people always think the same way. You really didn't disappoint me!"

The sudden sentence made Mark Zuckerberg even more confused. Was Li Mu praising him?

Awesome people always thought of the same thing. Could it be that he felt that he was also an awesome person?

Could it be that he thought of the same thing as him?

Could it be that he also had the idea of making this kind of social product?

Mark Zuckerberg was confused, but he was also in awe and trepidation.

He couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, what do you mean?"

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Since your project was inspired by Face Books, what kind of name are you going to give this product in your mind?"

Mark Zuckerberg blurted out, "I want to call it Facebook. It's simple and easy to understand, because what I want to do is a social product based on photos, and the most important thing in photos is Face."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Mark, although you are very smart, you are still a little inexperienced in doing things."

Mark Zuckerberg asked in surprise, "Li Zong, what do you mean?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let me ask you, if I want to buy a house in Manhattan, what should I confirm first?"

Mark Zuckerberg blurted out, "The first thing to confirm should be your own needs, such as what kind of house you want."

"No, no, no!"

Li Mu stretched out his right index finger and shook it gently. Then, he said, "The first thing to confirm is whether there are any houses for sale in Manhattan."

"Oh, right!

Boss Ma, you are right … "Mark Zuckerberg nodded in realization, then scratched his head and asked," But I still don't understand. What did I neglect on this Facebook project? "

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. He said a word, "Domain name!"

"Domain name?!"

Mark Zuckerberg instantly understood and blurted out, "Oh my god, I actually forgot to confirm the situation of the domain name. Oh my god, this is really my negligence!"

At this point, Mark Zuckerberg said with a glimmer of hope, "The word 'Facebook' shouldn't be very commonly used, so it shouldn't have been registered in advance. Also, if the Facebook domain name has already been registered, I think the purchase price shouldn't be more than ten thousand dollars. This price range should be acceptable."

Li Mu snorted and said, "That depends on who has the domain name. If it is in the hands of an ordinary person, it is indeed very attractive to sell it for ten thousand US dollars for a domain name registered for ten thousand US dollars. It is also difficult to refuse. However, what if it is in the hands of someone who is not short of money?"

Seeing Mark Zuckerberg's stunned face, Li Mu said again, "For example, if the Facebook domain name is in my hands, and I am not willing to sell it to you, what will you do?"

Mark Zuckerberg felt that Li Mu was deliberately making things difficult for him, but he did not dare to get angry. He had no choice but to say helplessly, "Then I will settle for the next best thing and register the domain name The Facebook."

Li Mu's expression was aggressive. He asked him again, "What if The Facebook is also in my hands?"

At this time, Mark Zuckerberg felt that Li Mu was really deliberately making things difficult for him, but he still replied patiently, "Then I will register that Facebook!"

Li Mu asked again, "What if I also have that Facebook?"

Mark Zuckerberg felt as if he was being played, and the unwillingness in his heart was aroused. He retorted, "I can use countless combinations of words to match Facebook. You can't register all the domain names that include Facebook."

Li Mu nodded. "Even so, if you lose the domain name, you will lose the most important network entrance. If you even lose such a domain name, then you will be in a more passive position. Unless you change your product plan and change it to Facewall or something else, your Facebook project will always be flawed. This is a natural and irreversible disability."

As he said this, Li Mu's expression and voice became serious. He continued, "What I am talking about is only the situation where the domain name is registered. What is more serious is if the person who registered the domain name has the same product plan as you. What will you do then?

The same product plan, but the other person has the best domain name. Won't you be in a more passive position then? "

Mark Zuckerberg nodded repeatedly. "I understand, Li Zong. You are right. When I go back, I will immediately look at the situation of the domain name and try to register the domain name. If the domain name is registered, I will register a replacement domain name while contacting the owner of the domain name to see if he is willing to transfer it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "This kind of thing is not too late. Wait a moment, I will ask my assistant to bring the computer over."

As he said this, Li Mu called Li Ziwei and asked her to bring his laptop over.

A minute later, Li Ziwei carried Li Mu's laptop bag to the reception room where Li Mu and Mark Zuckerberg were.

In this era where WiFi was not really born, world-class schools like Harvard had network ports all over the school. In the reception room where Li Mu and Mark Zuckerberg were chatting, there were many network ports.

After Li Mu's laptop was directly connected to the network, he handed the computer to Mark Zuckerberg and said with a smile, "You can confirm it now."

Mark Zuckerberg nodded. Although it was a Chinese Windows system, he still opened IE according to the icon and entered the URL bar to test whether a domain name was registered. The best way was to check directly on the website where the domain name was registered, but it was relatively troublesome. Mark Zuckerberg was very anxious after hearing what Li Mu said, so he used the most direct method. He first opened the domain name he wanted to register in IE. If the domain name could be opened to a certain page, even if it was just a sale notice, it proved that the domain name had been registered.

If the domain name could not be opened, and the status of the server could not be found, it might not be registered for the time being. In this case, he would further confirm its true owner.

However, the result of opening the domain name soon made Mark Zuckerberg very depressed.

On the page, there was a line of words: Domain name cooperation, please contact MSN …

"Oh my god, the domain name has been registered!"

After that, Mark Zuckerberg said, "I tried the page, and it also showed: Domain name cooperation, please contact MSN …

Mark Zuckerberg almost broke down. He tried that facebook, this facebook, and every page showed the same content and the same MSN email address.

"Oh my god!

This person has hoarded so many Facebook-related domain names, what is he trying to do! "

Looking at Mark Zuckerberg who was in pain, Li Mu smiled slightly, "You can add this MSN and ask."

Mark Zuckerberg immediately said, "Okay, I'll leave a message for him!"

After that, he immediately opened MSN from the desktop, logged into his account, and said to himself, "Oh, I haven't been on MSN for a long time, I can't even remember the password …"

After trying three times, Mark Zuckerberg finally logged into his MSN account, which he had not used for a long time. The first thing he did after logging in was to add the MSN he left on the page as a friend, and at the same time, leave a message: "Hello, I'm interested in your domain name. If you consider selling it, please give me an offer as soon as possible."

After that, Mark Zuckerberg sighed, "I hope he won't ask for too much …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I don't think he will ask for too much, because he has no intention of selling this domain name."

Mark Zuckerberg was confused, "Li Zong, why are you so sure?"

Li Mu smiled and did not say anything. Then, he logged into MSN, which he had not logged in for a long time. Sure enough, a message popped up in MSN. Li Mu opened the dialog box, and what he received was the message that Mark Zuckerberg had just sent him.

When Mark Zuckerberg saw this, he felt as if he had been struck by lightning. He was so shocked that he could not say a word. Never in his wildest dreams would he have thought that Li Mu had already dug such a big hole for himself, a hole that he could never climb out of!