Chapter 230

The broadcast of the interview had turned 3321 into a major public welfare project. Dong Ai, who was in charge of developing the Shanghai market, cleverly chose to contact the Shanghai local government. When the local government heard that 3321 was about to enter the Shanghai market, they immediately promised Dong Ai that once 3321 started operating in the Shanghai market, they would coordinate with the TV and newspaper media to release a large amount of press releases to promote 3321. At that time, all Dong Ai had to do was open registration for the students and their parents in Shanghai, and arrange for a team to verify the information. Even the promotion process would be skipped.

After the broadcast of the interview, Li Mu had a few days of frustration. Those days happened to be the days when the audience had the deepest impression of him. After that, he felt much more relaxed, and it seemed like everything was back on track.

These few days, Hui Ka Ming had asked Li Mu out for dinner twice, but Li Mu once again used the excuse that he had something on. He could tell that Hui Ka Ming was contacting him because of the Makino Technology. Since he wanted something from him, he had to be patient.

After that, Chen Ze also asked Li Mu out for dinner once, but Li Mu did not go. However, Li Mu was much more polite to Chen Ze. He told him that he had a lot of things to do these few days, and that he would treat him to dinner after he was done.

Fatty Wang's plan to open a nightclub was rumored to have some progress. This weekend, he would meet with a few shareholders who were interested in investing. For this, Fatty Wang arranged to have dinner on Saturday night to discuss.

On Friday, Zhao Kang met with Li Mu to tell Li Mu a piece of good news.

The legendary overlord had sold about 110,000 monthly activation codes in the first week. As the sales of the legendary overlord were too high, he forcefully requested the distributors to settle the accounts on a weekly basis. In order to maintain this business, the distributors did not reject.

In other words, the two of them had earned a million in a week. Li Mu had earned 700,000, and Zhao Kang had earned 300,000.

A million a week sounded a little scary, but Li Mu calculated.

Because he was selling the monthly activation code, most of the Legendary players should have been covered in the previous week. In the remaining 20 days of the month, the sales would definitely decline rapidly.

Until the beginning of the next month, it ushered in another peak.

But even so, Li Mu could basically guarantee that his monthly income was more than 1.2 million, and Zhao Kang's monthly income was more than 500,000. How to launder this money became a tricky problem.

The first week's income had yet to be transferred to their own accounts.

Seven hundred thousand yuan was not a small sum of money. Li Mu did not know how to legitimately put it under his name.

He only had a total of a million yuan in his bank, but that million yuan was traceable. This 700,000 yuan was equivalent to an unknown source of income. He wasn't sure if the bank would be curious about this money, but once it was transferred to his bank account, it would leave a record. The bank's records were the same as the records of the public security system. Under normal circumstances, it would never be erased.

It was better to be cautious.

Li Mu also mentioned this problem to Zhao Kang. Right now, he also had hundreds of thousands of yuan in his bank account. When Mu Ye bought Douban, Zhao Kang also received 400,000 yuan in after-tax income.

Zhao Kang asked Li Mu, "This money can't be directly deposited into your own account, but it can be directly withdrawn, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's not a big problem to use cash, but you won't be able to convert this sum of money into cash every month, right?"

As he spoke, Li Mu thought of his previous plan and said to Zhao Kang, "I have an idea. Let's invest in a large Internet cafe.

We can use part of the income from the plug-in to invest in the Internet cafe, and then use the Internet cafe to launder the rest of the income from the plug-in. "

Zhao Kang asked, "Is it reliable?"

Li Mu said, "Of course it's reliable. The Internet cafe's income fluctuates greatly, and there is a daily cash inflow.

All the money is transferred from the Internet cafe to our personal accounts, so it's impossible to find out anything. "

Zhao Kang exclaimed in surprise and laughed, "Is this the legendary money laundering?"

Li Mu laughed. "Millions of gray income a month is not as professional as money laundering. Opening an Internet cafe itself is a profitable business, and Internet cafe licenses will definitely be tightened in the future.

It's impossible to allow Internet cafes to open one by one, so I estimate that if we invest in an Internet cafe, we can probably sell a license for hundreds of thousands in the future, especially in a big city like Yanjing. "

Zhao Kang said with a surprised expression, "Is it that ridiculous?

I heard that we can do anything in our family. "

Li Mu smiled. In the next few years, in a small place like Haizhou City, the transfer fee for an Internet cafe license would start at two to three hundred thousand, and many times there would be bundling clauses. For example, the transfer of Internet cafe would come with a bunch of old computers, and the price of each computer would be much higher than the market price. Even so, there was no need to worry about sales.

Not only that, in Haizhou, even a taxi license could be sold at a high price of four hundred thousand in the future. The reason was very simple. The speculators in Zhejiang Province and Xiangbei Province would invest in taxis in third and fifth tier cities all over the country. Every time they went to a city, they would saturate the city with taxis. The local government had no choice but to issue policies to control the taxi license.

Li Mu remembered that his father once lamented to him in his previous life. A laid-off worker in the Xiling Coal Mine spent thirty thousand yuan to buy a second-hand Xiali taxi with a license. Not only did he make money every month, but just two or three years later, the license would be sold for a hundred thousand yuan. At that time, one could buy a small house in Haizhou.

Even so, the taxi license was still very popular. The reason was very simple. Buying a taxi license was a profitable investment. Even if you didn't drive it yourself and let other drivers drive it, you could still make at least two thousand yuan a month. The rent of a house of the same price was less than five or six hundred yuan a month. Most importantly, there was a lot of room for appreciation.

"Then I'll listen to you and do Internet cafes!"

Zhao Kang basically believed in Li Mu's words. When Li Mu said that opening an Internet cafe could clear the gray income and make money, he naturally had no objection.

Li Mu said, "The initial investment will be an Internet cafe with about one hundred to one hundred and fifty computers. I'll have to rely on you for the specific matters. I'll invest seventy percent and you thirty percent."

Zhao Kang nodded. "I'll take care of this. Don't worry about it."

The two tentatively decided to open an Internet cafe at the beginning of next year. Zhao Kang said, "Just in time. I originally wanted to discuss with you. Next week, 3321 will go to Haizhou to study. I'll go back with you."

Li Mu asked him, "Something happened at home?"

"Yes."

Zhao Kang said, "My parents have been laid off. They're the batch at the end of the year. My dad discussed with my mom and wanted to go to Shanghai to work together. I don't want them to go. I'll go back and discuss with them to see if they can do something at home."

Li Mu asked, "Why do your parents want to work?"

Zhao Kang said, "They can't stay idle. They always feel that it's too embarrassing to earn that little salary at home. I just gave them a hundred thousand yuan a while ago. I wanted them to not worry about money and take advantage of being laid off to go out and have some fun, but they didn't agree."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You have to learn from me. Our parents are only in their early forties. If you let them retire at home so early, they won't be able to stay at all. So, if you really want to be filial, it's not enough to just give them money. It's better to give your parents a career and let them show their value."

Zhao Kang listened with a face full of yearning, but then he sighed deeply and said, "I don't have your brain, I really can't think of any business for them to do, a lot of business is very tiring, it's torturous."

Li Mu recalled the memory of the taxi license in his mind. If he opened a taxi company now and got twenty to thirty taxis, he should be able to make a lot of money. He could earn at least five to six hundred thousand yuan a year. After three to five years, when the price of the taxi license skyrocketed, he could probably sell twenty to thirty cars together with the license for four to five million yuan. If he kept it a secret for eight to ten years, he could sell twenty cars for eight million yuan. For him, this income line was too long and too slow, but for his father's generation, it was definitely a stable profit.

So, Li Mu slapped his thigh and said, "Let's just open a taxi company together. Our family will only be a shareholder, and your father will manage the rest. We'll give your father additional technology shares and salary."

"Taxi company?" Zhao Kang was stunned. He thought to himself that Li Mu's scope of doing things was too big.

He was doing the internet, letting his parents do clothing, and he heard that he was going to invest in a nightclub with someone else. Now, he was going to open an internet cafe with him and open a taxi company with both families. These businesses were completely unrelated.

However, Li Mu had his own ideas. Whether it was a nightclub, an internet cafe, or a taxi company, he would not interfere in the operation. He would only invest in it, and it would not take up much of his energy. Especially for the taxi company, he was not going to pay for it himself. Instead, he was going to let his parents invest in it. In this way, when the taxi company was successful in the future, it could also bring an extra sense of achievement to his parents.

Besides, it was easy to open a taxi company and apply for a taxi license in Haizhou now. There was basically no threshold. A taxi company could be easily established as long as there were twenty taxis. Currently, most of the taxis in Haizhou were Xiali and Alto, and the price was about fifty thousand yuan. Twenty cars would only cost a little more than one million yuan. As for the car's insurance, maintenance, fuel, and other expenses, they were all borne by the taxi drivers. The whole car was subcontracted to two drivers for double shifts. The two drivers would pay the company at least eighty yuan a day for the taxi. In other words, one car could earn at least two thousand yuan a month.

Zhao Kang did some calculations. If he really invested in twenty cars, it would be more than one million yuan. Including other miscellaneous expenses, it was estimated that it would be 1.2 to 1.3 million yuan. Li Mu still had to open an internet cafe. If he invested in both, he would not be able to keep up with his pace.

Li Mu saw his worry and said, "It doesn't matter if you don't have enough money. I'll help you pay for it first. The plug-in has been making money, and you can pay me back slowly. The taxi company is a worry-free business. As long as you buy the insurance and other things, you basically don't have to worry about anything. All you have to do is take care of some trivial matters and collect money every month. Although the profit is not very fast, it can last for a long time."