Chapter 1351

Song Liang had once suggested to Li Mu that he could pledge a small part of his shares to the capital before the island investment was hot enough. Then, he could get hundreds of millions of US dollars in cash to buy some private islands with beautiful environments in Australia, Europe, and the United States. After he retired, he could use them to settle down his whole family.

Li Mu was not very interested in this. He had told Song Liang two very important life creeds: don't plan to emigrate and don't try to transfer the wealth you earned in China overseas. Among the really rich people in Hua Xia, a considerable part of them would choose to emigrate without hesitation and then transfer their assets overseas. Even entrepreneurs who did not emigrate would mostly transfer their assets. In Li Mu's eyes, this was not what a responsible entrepreneur should do.

Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, Yan Jing would definitely be his home base for the rest of his life. He would devote at least half of his time and energy to this hot land and to the Internet industry in Hua Xia. Therefore, he hoped that after his parents completely retired, they could also settle down in Yan Jing with him.

Although Ziyun Villa was a good place with good Feng Shui, it did not seem to be really suitable for his parents' life. His father liked to live a carefree life with mountains, rivers, fields, and land. For him, Ziyun Villa was too luxurious and too little fun.

Maybe in his father's heart, living in the countryside was not as interesting as living in Ziyun Villa.

In the future, Li Mu's time would become more and more precious. He was afraid that he would have too little time to go back to Haizhou every year. Under such circumstances, he could only take a roundabout way to save the country. He could buy a good place in Yan Jing and build a completely customized villa or even a villa according to the needs of his parents' generation. As long as they liked it, it would be the best. Because only in this way could his parents live in Yan Jing for a long time in the future and not feel bored.

Papa Lee was quickly attracted by Li Mu's proposal. He also realized that in the future, his son's time to go home would be less and less. In the future, it would be him and his wife who came to Yan Jing to accompany him, instead of letting them go home to accompany him. Under such a big premise, it was time to prepare for long-term settlement in Yan Jing in advance.

After thinking about it, Papa Lee asked Li Mu, "Is the land in the northern suburbs of Beijing expensive?"

Li Mu shook his head, "It's not expensive. The cheapest place in Yanjing should be the north. The north is the starting point of the Yan Mountain Range. There are mountains and rivers, and the environment is good, but the potential for economic development is lacking."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "I heard that many of Beijing's famous attractions are in the north."

Li Mu said, "When I have time, I'll take you and Mom around and see where you like it."

In the future, many holiday attractions would be developed in the northern suburbs of Beijing, as well as many holiday hotels and high-end villas. Some places had really good environments, with mountains and rivers on one side, quiet and comfortable. In his previous life, he would occasionally drive to the foot of the mountain or find a farmhouse by the lake to stay for two days on weekends. It was especially suitable for relaxing the mind and resting the body.

Papa Lee also became interested and said, "When SARS is over, we can really go and take a look. In a few years, your mother and I will hand over our family's business to our relatives to manage, and we will come to Yan Jing to live with you. If your grandparents like it here, we can also bring them here."

…

Li Ma and Li Ziwei cooked a table of delicious home-cooked dishes. Li Mu deliberately opened a bottle of red wine and poured a little for everyone.

At the dining table, Li Ziwei was a little reserved at first, but under the influence of the warm atmosphere of Li Mu's family of three, she soon integrated into the atmosphere.

Nanny Li wasn't in a hurry to tell Li Ziwei what she was thinking. She just treated Li Ziwei with special affection. She kept putting food in her bowl and chatting with her. She talked about the interesting things that had happened to the three of them over the past 20 years.

In the middle of the meal, Papa Lee said to Li Ma, "I was chatting with my son outside just now, and he said he wants to find a piece of land in the northern suburbs of Beijing to build a villa for us."

"Build a villa?" Li Ma asked in surprise, "Isn't Ziyun Villa good?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Ziyun Villa is small, and the suburbs are bigger."

"Oh my god."

Li Ma said hurriedly, "I still think it's too big. There are so many empty rooms, and only three of us live in it. It seems empty. I really don't know why you live in such a big house alone.

If I live here alone, I won't be able to sleep at night. "

Li Mu said, "Building a villa in the suburbs doesn't necessarily need a big house. The main thing is to build some facilities that you like. Dad said he missed the days when he was a farmer, so I want to build a villa in the suburbs. In addition to building a villa, I want to give my dad two mu of land, so that he can grow some fruits and vegetables that are pollution-free …"

Li Ma said with a smile, "I think your dad is too idle. If I really give him two mu of land, can he grow it?"

"If I can't, I still have you."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "I'll build you a sunroom and let you grow flowers and grass. Don't you like to play with flowers and grass?

At that time, I'll grow vegetables, you grow flowers and grass, and raise a few chickens and a few dogs. That life will be comfortable. "

Li Ma said, "Raise two pigs, and we can slaughter them for meat before the Spring Festival."

"It's not impossible."

Papa Lee said with a serious face, "At that time, we can also bring our parents here. Don't old people like to raise things and grow things?

At that time, the four old people will live with us. My son can come over on weekends and stay for two days. If other relatives come to celebrate the Spring Festival together, it will be more lively. "

Only then did Li Ma understand the meaning of building a villa in Papa Lee's words. If there was such a place, she could live with her son in Yan Jing in the future. Her son had grown up, so she couldn't be with him every day, but she also couldn't see him once in a few months like before. It would be best if she could come back every week to accompany her parents. If she really had a home in Yan Jing, this wish could be realized in the future.

At this time, Li Ziwei also said, "Auntie, the environment in the northern suburbs of Yan Jing is very good, and the traffic is also very convenient. If it is smooth, you can drive there for more than an hour. It will be more convenient for Li Zong to see you then."

Li Ma nodded and said with a smile, "I will also reserve a room for you. If you have nothing to do on the weekend, you can come and stay with me for two days."

Li Ziwei said without thinking, "Okay, I will often accompany you at that time."

Li Ma said with a smile, "It's said to be a villa, but I don't know how many years have passed since it was built."

As she said this, Li Ma looked at Li Ziwei and said, "Ziwei, how about I clean up a room for you here? You can move here in the future. Anyway, you have to run around with Li Mu every day. Isn't it more convenient to live at home?"

Li Ziwei was stunned. She looked at Li Mu awkwardly and then said, "Auntie, my job is to help Li Zong deal with all kinds of trivial things. How can I trouble you …"

Li Ma said with a smile, "This is not trouble. I hope you can spend more time with me when you have time."

Li Mu said helplessly, "Mom, Ziwei has to live her own life. If you let her live at home, she will be around us every day. How can she have her own living space?"

Halfway through the meal, Li Ma still hadn't said her core request. Li Mu guessed that she didn't know how to say it, so she had been looking for opportunities. However, it was really not suitable to let Li Ziwei live at home. It was okay when his parents were in Yan Jing. What should he do after his parents left?

If people knew that he lived with his assistant, he didn't know what the relationship between him and her would be.

At this time, Li Ma nodded and said, "What you said makes sense."

After that, she looked at Li Ziwei and said apologetically, "Ziwei, I'm not considerate enough. But you can come to our home more often. When you have time in the evening, you can come back with Li Mu for dinner. After dinner, the driver will take you home."

Li Ziwei nodded hurriedly and said, "Okay, auntie. I will come to see you and uncle often in the future."

At this time, Li Ma cast a pleading look at Papa Lee. She really didn't know how to talk to Li Ziwei. Li Ma was not a strong person and always considered for others. So she was afraid that if she said it directly, it would make Li Ziwei feel stiff or uncomfortable. However, she wanted to lead the topic to this point bit by bit, but she couldn't get the point.

At this time, Papa Lee also didn't know what to say. The couple frequently exchanged glances, and no one came up with a solution.

As soon as Li Mu saw this situation, he simply said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, in fact, my mother asked me to take you home for dinner today, mainly to ask you if you would like to be her goddaughter. She has wanted you to be her goddaughter for a long time."

The couple didn't know how to lead the topic to this point. They didn't expect that Li Mu would tell the truth to Li Ziwei at once. However, this also made Li Ma and Papa Lee feel relieved. In fact, this kind of thing should be said openly. When they were supposed to enter from the front door, Li Ma kept thinking about how to poke through the window paper, so naturally, she went deeper and deeper.

Li Ziwei was shocked by Li Mu's words and didn't respond at this moment. Li Ma was relieved, and the inexplicable psychological burden disappeared. She smiled and said to Li Ziwei, "Your uncle and I see you as our own daughter, so we always have this idea. We just don't know if you are willing or not."

"I …" Although Li Ziwei was extremely shocked, she was also very moved. She had always thought that Papa Lee and Li Ma treated her well because of their personalities. She didn't expect that they actually treated her like a daughter.

However, it was really beyond her imagination that they wanted her to be their goddaughter, so she didn't know how to answer for a while.

At this time, Li Ma said seriously, "Ziwei, don't be too embarrassed. If you think it's inappropriate, just say it. I won't be angry, let alone embarrass you."

Li Ziwei was flustered and couldn't help but look at Li Mu. He was her boss, and she was his employee. Now his parents wanted to accept her as their goddaughter. Although she was willing, she still had to listen to the boss.

Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "This is outside of work, so you don't have to worry about work when you think about it. Anyway, our relationship at work is still the same."

Li Ziwei nodded gently and said to Li Ma and Papa Lee with a little moved and a little guilty, "Aunt Li, Uncle Li, thank you very much for your love for me. From the bottom of my heart, I am very willing and honored to be your goddaughter. However, I don't think I can make the decision alone. I have to discuss it with my parents …"