Chapter 864

After Cai Chongxin's reminder, everyone immediately understood the relationship between Li Mu and the Economic and Trade Commission, as well as the "Internet Access to Households" policy.

Putting Li Mu aside, although the Economic and Trade Commission often had all kinds of macro-control in business, this was the first time they had done such a direct control. This was no longer just control behind the scenes, it was a direct push.

A few days ago, the Economic and Trade Commission specially went to Taobao to inspect the work. Not long after, they came up with such a strong push. It would be strange if Li Mu was not involved.

Cai Chongxin pointed out this point, and everyone immediately knew that Li Mu was not only the driving force behind the scenes, but also the biggest beneficiary of this policy.

Boss Ma thought for a long time in front of the computer, and then immediately said in the group, "Meeting now, immediately."

A large group of people quickly gathered in the conference room.

After more than a dozen people gathered in the conference room, the door was closed. Boss Ma slammed the notebook in his hand on the table, and the sound made everyone's heart tighten. Then, he said with a cold face, "What do you think? Tell me."

A department head didn't know why Boss Ma's face was gloomy, and he subconsciously said, "Boss Ma, I think this is a good thing!

If this policy is promoted nationwide, the Internet industry in Hua Xia as a whole will benefit. This is good news for the whole industry. "

Boss Ma narrowed his eyes and looked at him, as if he was looking at a retard.

The department head felt Boss Ma's sharp eyes, and he was shocked. He didn't know what he said wrong.

At this time, his direct superior, Lu Zhaoxi, took over and said, "Sun Bo is generally right. This policy is indeed a favorable policy for all industries. It's like the ocean currents suddenly bringing in a large number of foreign fish, and the fishermen on the entire coastline will benefit. But in the end, whoever has a bigger net shop will benefit the most; if the net shop is small, the benefit will naturally be small. This favorable policy is indeed beneficial to the entire industry, but there is no doubt that Li Mu is the biggest beneficiary of the whole policy. So what this means is obvious. For us, it may not be a good thing, but it may be a bad thing."

After a pause, Lu Zhaoxi saw that many people were surprised, and he couldn't help but sigh. He said, "To explain it loosely, if this policy can double the market value of all the companies in the industry, the gap between our market value and Taobao's will also double. Others are 100 times 2, and we are 10 times 2. The original gap is 90, and now it's 180."

When this was said, many people who didn't understand understood the reason for Boss Ma's gloomy face.

Boss Ma was very ambitious. He didn't want to gain a foothold in the C2C industry, but he wanted to have a chance to overtake Taobao and crush Li Mu. But now that the industry was generally good, Li Mu was already prepared to welcome the large number of fish brought in by the ocean currents, but Boss Ma hadn't launched his net yet. How could he not be angry?

Cai Chongxin said with a gloomy face, "Even if this policy was delayed by a month or two, when our Le Tao is online and has a foothold, it would have been fine!

Pushing it out now is completely benefiting Li Mu himself! "

Boss Ma said with a cold expression, "We still don't know what kind of repercussions this will cause in society. I'm afraid that Li Mu and Taobao will become famous again this time!"

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma was a little angry. He gritted his teeth and said, "Why do we always run into Li Mu's gun every time we prepare to launch Le Tao!

Every time!

Not a single time is an exception!

Li Mu can always become a hot topic in the news, become the focus of society, and even Taobao will become the focus of attention. Under such circumstances, Le Tao's influence will be greatly affected when it goes online! "

The others looked at each other.

That's right, why?

Were they born to be enemies with Li Mu?

Otherwise, every time Le Tao was ready to go online, why did it always happen when Li Mu and Taobao were at their peak?

At the same time, everyone looked at Boss Ma with eyes full of doubt.

Everyone wanted to ask Boss Ma if he was going to change Le Tao's online time at the last minute again.

But seeing Boss Ma's extremely cold expression, no one dared to speak.

After a moment, Boss Ma said coldly, "This time, we can't change the online time anymore!

Le Tao must go online in September!

This is my promise to Softbank's Boss Sun! "

Lu Zhaoxi hesitated for a moment and said tentatively, "Boss Ma, can you communicate with Boss Sun again?

Explain the situation and let him wait for a while more. "

Before Boss Ma could speak, Cai Chongxin waved his hand and sighed from the bottom of his heart. "Zhaoxi, we only have four threes in our hands. If we don't use this thunder, we'll suffocate to death in our hands!"

Those who played Landlord before knew that four threes were the smallest bomb. If there were more bombs outside, four threes could very likely suffocate to death in their hands in the end. The opponent had a strong hand and would not give four threes a chance to speak. When that time came, forget about turning the tables, it would be difficult for them to even hear the sound of the card being played!

This was not an exaggeration at all. If Le Tao didn't go online for a long time, it would disappoint the investors. Once the investors stopped investing, not only Le Tao, but the entire Alibaba bar would suffer a disaster.

Boss Ma said firmly, "Chong Xin is right. This time, no matter what happens, we have to go online in September. Even if it takes until 11: 59 PM on September 30th, we have to go online in September!"

"I'm worried about the media's direction now. The favorable policy this time will definitely have a great impact on the public. If the media directs the credit to Li Mu, Li Mu will definitely be regarded as an industry hero by the public. That will be troublesome. Once the public has that kind of mentality towards Li Mu, they will definitely have a strong sense of solidarity towards Taobao. At that time, if we still want to compete with Taobao, it will basically be a pipe dream."

Lu Zhaoxi frowned. "I don't think so.

This is a policy personally promoted by the Economic and Trade Committee. How can such a great social credit be given to Li Mu for nothing? "

Boss Ma also nodded in agreement. He said firmly, "Don't worry. For this kind of thing, the Economic and Trade Committee will definitely want to keep all the credit to themselves. They will definitely not give it to Li Mu."

At that moment, in the press conference room of the Economic and Trade Committee, Minister Zhen personally led the main leaders of the Economic and Trade Committee to hold a press conference.

Initially, Minister Zhen did not plan to hold a press conference. This was because he knew very well that the strategy proposed by Li Mu and the strategy of bringing home appliances to the countryside was actually more like a mouthpiece. He was the one who relayed Li Mu's ideas to the senior leaders, and the senior leaders made the decision to strongly support it and quickly implement it. That was why the "Internet into the home" pilot project was started.

Under such circumstances, Minister Zhen did not want to hold a press conference himself. He was also worried that the senior leaders, who knew the truth of the matter, would think that he was fishing for praise in front of the media.

However, after the "Internet into the home" pilot project was broadcasted by CCTV in the afternoon, it had already started to cause a great response in society. The response was almost all praise and praise from all walks of life. At the same time, more people and media who were not in the pilot provinces and cities were closely following the policy of other provinces and cities. Therefore, Minister Zhen felt that it was necessary to hold a press conference to give a detailed explanation of the whole matter to all walks of life.

There were not many media present. Basically, they were all first-tier media outlets of CCTV or the same level as CCTV. There were also some news reporters from some TV stations stationed in Beijing.

The press conference was a little rushed, and the layout of the venue was relatively simple. In front of the major media outlets, Minister Zhen first introduced the implementation rules of the "Internet into the home" program in detail, such as how to participate, how to protect the interests, how to supervise the government, how to cooperate, how to supervise the public, and how to file complaints. After that, he informed the media of the launch date. The preliminary plan was to launch it nationwide on October 1st, National Day, so that consumers could temporarily wait for a month.

After the detailed introduction of the policy, it was time for the media to ask questions. The reporter from CCTV asked a question that all the reporters present wanted to ask, "Minister Zhen, after the domestic economy was transformed into a market economy, neither the Economic and Trade Commission nor the government as a whole have interfered with the development of the business. This" Internet into the home "policy can be said to be unprecedented. Once this policy was announced, it caused a huge response on the Internet and in real life. The public was almost unanimously praising this policy. So, I would like to ask, what prompted the Economic and Trade Commission to plan and launch such a huge promotion policy for the Internet industry?"

Minister Zhen smiled and said, "Not long ago, because Taobao's Brand Day created a very eye-catching result, I made a special trip to Taobao for an inspection and had an in-depth discussion with the founder of Taobao, Li Mu, for a few hours. During that discussion, Li Mu described to me the development space and future of the Internet industry. At the same time, he also raised a request that made me extremely moved."

Speaking up to this point, Minister Zhen paused for a moment. Seeing that everyone's curiosity had been aroused, he continued, "Li Mu said that as a person in the Internet industry, what he wanted to see the most was the rapid development of Hua Xia's Internet industry. Not only did he hope that Hua Xia's Internet could achieve self-development, but he also hoped that Hua Xia's Internet would have the opportunity to be at the forefront of the world."

This sentence shocked all the reporters present. Li Mu?

Li Mu again?

Could it be that this "Internet into the home" policy had something to do with Li Mu as well?

Oh my god, what was this young man capable of?

Immediately, all the reporters immediately perked up and listened attentively.

At this moment, Minister Zhen only had one plan, and that was to strengthen Li Mu and weaken the Economic and Trade Committee in terms of "contributions." This way, he could avoid giving the impression that he was fishing for fame to the higher-ups.

Therefore, Minister Zhen smiled and said, "At that time, I once asked Li Mu what he thought was needed for the rapid development of Hua Xia's Internet industry. Li Mu's answer was that the first thing to do was to popularize the Internet. The precondition for popularizing the Internet was to lower the price of home computers, lower the Internet charges, and increase the Internet speed.

"He hoped that our government could play an important role in popularizing the Internet. We also felt that, through Li Mu, not only did we see the future of the Internet industry, but we also saw his determination to revitalize the development of Hua Xia's Internet industry. Since this was the case, we needed to provide some assistance to the Internet industry to help popularize the Internet in Hua Xia and promote the overall development of Hua Xia's Internet industry!"

Minister Zhen's words instantly created an extremely noble image for Li Mu in front of the media and the entire nation.