Chapter 159

Sun Tan had always thought that compared to Li Mu and the 3321, he was always a wolf hiding in the dark. Li Mu might have heard of him, but he would never know that he was already hostile towards him. Therefore, Sun Tan felt that he could talk to Li Mu face to face and see if he was willing to sell the 3321. Money was not a problem. Hundreds of thousands or even millions were not a problem.

Sun Tan had some political sense. He knew that the 3321 was very important. He also knew that if he explained it clearly to his family, they would definitely give him enough support. If hundreds of thousands were not enough, then a million. In short, he had to get the 3321. Once this thing was really in his pocket, with the help of himself and his family, the 3321 would definitely be of great help to him in the future.

With a change of thought, Sun Tan suddenly saw the light. If he couldn't stop the 3321 from taking off, then he would buy it. It was many times better than his own financial aid.

Wu Shuai was quite unhappy with Li Mu. Seeing that Sun Tan had the intention to buy the 3321, he reminded him, "Brother Tan, if Li Mu is willing to sell, you can't let him go after you get the 3321. As long as this kid is in the National People's Congress, the 3321 will be marked by him."

Sun Tan nodded. "That's for sure. If we buy the 3321, then he will have nothing to rely on."

"What if he is not willing to sell?"

Wu Shuai's question made Sun Tan frown.

If Li Mu didn't want to do it, it would be too disgusting. He couldn't stop him, couldn't do anything about it, and couldn't buy it. If it really came to that, in order not to affect the selection of the Top Ten College Students next year, he could only ask his family to do it. In any case, he had to drive Li Mu away from the National People's Congress first.

Seeing that Sun Tan did not speak for a long time, Wu Shuai asked again, "Brother Tan, when are you going to talk to him?"

"Tomorrow."

…

Li Mu did not expect Sun Tan to take the initiative to contact him and invite him to dinner. When he received Sun Tan's call at noon, he was resting in his dormitory. Sun Tan introduced himself over the phone and then sincerely said that he would like to invite Li Mu to dinner on behalf of the Student Union.

Not only was Sun Tan's tone sincere, but his attitude was also very friendly. Li Mu could roughly guess his real purpose for doing this. He must have felt that he couldn't stop 3321, so he wanted to change his approach and get a share of the spoils.

However, Yu Xingjie had already found out from Zhang Qing about Sun Tan's plot against him. Sun Tan thought that he was still in the dark, but he did not know that Li Mu was already very wary of him.

After thinking for a while, Li Mu did not reject Sun Tan's invitation. Sun Tan thought that he did not know anything, so he might as well pretend that he did not know anything and meet him to see what he was planning. In addition, Li Mu also thought of a way to break through Sun Tan's friendly attitude. Wasn't Sun Tan coveting his 3321?

Okay, then let's talk about Wu Shuai.

So, at six o'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu went to a restaurant outside the school alone. In the restaurant's private room, he saw Sun Tan, who had been waiting for a long time.

Sun Tan did not call Wu Shuai because Wu Shuai had previously made things difficult for Li Mu's roommate several times. This was equivalent to pushing himself into the light and directly standing on the opposite side of Li Mu. Sun Tan now wanted to get Li Mu's 3321, so naturally, he could not let Wu Shuai affect his negotiation with Li Mu.

When the two met, Sun Tan warmly shook hands with Li Mu and said to Li Mu, "Junior Brother Li Mu, your name has been like thunder piercing my ears recently. I've been wanting to meet you and get to know you for the past two days, but I haven't been able to find the time."

Li Mu smiled slightly, "You are too polite. I am not famous in the school. If we are talking about fame, senior, your fame is much greater than mine."

Sun Tan waved his hand and said with a smile, "What fame? It is just that I have been in the school for a little longer."

Li Mu did not want to have such boring small talk with Sun Tan, so he asked, "Senior, why are you looking for me today?"

Sun Tan said with a smile, "Li Mu, let's not talk about things first. Let's eat first. How can we chat without eating and drinking, right?"

Li Mu said, "I am a straightforward person. If senior is looking for me, just say it. Otherwise, if I keep thinking about it, I won't be able to eat this meal."

Sun Tan hesitated for a moment and said, "Alright, since you have asked, then I will say it."

After a pause, Sun Tan took a sip of tea and said, "I have been paying attention to the 3321 you have been working on recently. To be honest, I really admire the idea of 3321."

Li Mu said with a smile, "3321 is actually just a small thing I did for fun. I did not expect senior to also pay attention to it."

Sun Tan nodded and said, "The Student Council has to focus on the interests of the students. We pay even more attention to a good project like 3321 that benefits all the students in Yanjing."

Li Mu said with a humble face, "It is rare for the leaders of the Student Council to pay attention to such a small thing I am doing. In the future, I will have to trouble senior to take care of 3321."

Sun Tan did not feel right in his heart. Li Mu always kept his words in check. Although he was very polite, he also had a sense of distance. He, the Vice President of the Student Council, treated him to a meal, but he did not seem to be surprised at all. His face was full of calmness.

After thinking for a moment, Sun Tan decided not to beat around the bush with Li Mu and went straight to the point, "Li Mu, to be honest, the main reason I am treating you to a meal today is because I have something to discuss with you."

Li Mu nodded, "Go ahead."

Sun Tan said with a serious face, "Our Student Council is also operating a project called Student Aid. This project's concept is the same as 3321. We also hope to help more students with difficulties. However, the power of the Student Aid is limited. 3321 only does the business of home tutoring, so it is difficult to do it alone. Therefore, I want to personally invest and buy 3321 from you. Then, I will package it with the Student Aid and let the Student Council operate it together."

Li Mu frowned and thought to himself, "You really dare to open your mouth. I thought you would at most want to get a share of the profits. I did not expect you to directly want to buy it?

Aren't you a little too greedy? "

Sun Tan saw that Li Mu did not speak, so he asked tentatively, "Why?

Do you not want to sell it, or do you have some concerns? "

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and did not answer Sun Tan's question. Instead, he asked him, "Senior, you said you want to buy 3321. How much are you prepared to pay?"

Sun Tan thought for a moment and said a number, "Two hundred thousand. What do you think?"

Li Mu laughed and shook his head helplessly, but he did not say a word.

Sun Tan was a little unhappy. "Li Mu, if you think the price is too low, you can make an offer. Money is not a problem."

Li Mu nodded and put away his smile. He asked Sun Tan very seriously, "Senior, have you come into contact with website development?"

Sun Tan frowned. "No, but isn't it just that?

Register a domain name, rent a space or something, and then build a website. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "You are talking about the most trashy and low-level pages. For example, there can only be a few pictures, a few external links, and at most one or two articles. For this kind of website, you can just buy the ready-made code from others. But do you know how much effort it takes to develop 3321?"

Sun Tan asked, "How much effort?

Is the development of this website going to cost more than a hundred thousand yuan? "

Li Mu snorted and said, "The layout of the website needs a graphic designer to draw up the layout of the front page, all the second and third pages, and then cut it bit by bit. This is just a design problem. Other than that, because there is no similar website, the website's front page needs to be written by a technical team. The website's technical management and data statistics also need to be written from scratch. In addition, there is a backend for student users and a backend for parent users. After the front and backend are developed, there is still the matching logic, auction function, settlement system, and many other things that need to be done. After doing it, it needs to be tested, and after testing, it needs to be tested again, and so on … So all of these added up, just the development cost alone will exceed your price.

Sun Tan did not understand the internet, but Li Mu did not bullshit with him. Everything about 3321 was from scratch. There were no usable templates or code. The initial framework was made by him, and all the requirements and logic for the subsequent development were written by him. Then, he handed it over to Kong Lingyu and his team to develop. Because there were many functional requirements, backend requirements, and logic, if it was not for Li Mu planning everything in advance, even if Kong Lingyu led the team to develop it, it would have taken at least a few months. During this period, they would have to constantly write code, test, modify, test again, and modify again. If they were unlucky, they might not even be able to complete it in half a year.

So, people who really understood the internet only needed to take a look at the website of 3321 and test the two backends, logic, and data matching to know how valuable this website was.

Sun Tan listened in a daze. He did not understand a lot of what Li Mu said, and he did not know if Li Mu was fooling him. However, it seemed to make some sense.

So, Sun Tan asked Li Mu again, "Then just tell me the price."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said with a little embarrassment, "Senior, I do not intend to sell 3321."

Sun Tan was anxious and angry. If you do not intend to sell 3321, why are you nagging me so much?

Are you trying to show off that you know more than me?

But his mouth was ruthless, and he said, "How about this, 500,000!"

Li Mu still shook his head, "To be honest, I will not sell it even for 5 million."

5 million?

Sun Tan suddenly became angry, and he threatened, "Li Mu, you better know when to stop. You dare to ask me for 5 million for a stupid website?

Aren't you too arrogant? "

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Senior, am I asking you for a price?

Even if you put 5 million in front of me now, I will tell you clearly that I will not sell 3321. "

Sun Tan's expression quickly turned cold. Was he going to shed all pretense of cordiality and fight?

Unexpectedly, Li Mu changed the topic at this time, and said, "But I can consider merging 3321 into the student union, but I have a few conditions."

Sun Tan's heart quickly reignited with hope, and he asked Li Mu, "What conditions? Tell me."