Chapter 1126

In this day and age, Li Mu was definitely a master of operations in the entire internet industry. He had a strong grasp of the situation, especially in a game. He could see through his opponent's weakness at a glance and formulate a highly effective strategy to hit his opponent's weak spot.

The investment for The Hero was over a hundred million. The financial resources of the producers and investors were not to be underestimated. This could be seen from the fact that the other party bought a few million yuan in the box office in one day. If it was just a competition of money, Li Mu would not be afraid of the other party. However, that kind of game was not enough for Li Mu.

Li Mu's current plan was to use a few million yuan to organize a lucky draw event that was closely tied to The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years. The purpose was to increase the popularity of The Hero and further reduce the popularity of The Hero.

The event that Li Mu wanted to organize had a very rich set of prizes. From the highest prize to the consolation prize, there were a total of four tiers. Moreover, the event would benefit hundreds of thousands of users. With so many tiers and opportunities, it was to maximize the user's enthusiasm.

The threshold for the user to participate in the event was also set very precisely. As long as one was a YY user, as long as they had a ticket stub for The Hero, they could participate. In other words, if the user wanted to participate, they would first have to go to the cinema and watch The Hero once. If the user had watched The Hero before, they would not be able to participate without a ticket stub. If they wanted to participate in the event, they would have to go to the cinema again.

The consolation prize for ten thousand people every day was a YY half-year membership worth sixty yuan. The highest price for a movie ticket was only thirty yuan. Therefore, the cost of participation was not high. It should be able to increase the user's enthusiasm.

If they could use this event to increase the user's attention, then The Hero would not have any chance to counterattack. In terms of information dissemination, even if the investor behind The Hero took out another two hundred million yuan, they would not be able to compete with Makino Technology. Makino Technology's information dissemination ability was second only to CCTV in the country. Moreover, they could use their own resources however they wanted. The cost was so low that it was negligible.

…

The next day, just as the technical team of Makino Technology was working overtime to ensure the launch of the event, the method that The Hero used to buy box office tickets the day before, as well as the media's follow-up publicity, had some effect. Sure enough, a group of onlookers who didn't know the truth chose to go to the cinema to buy tickets to watch the movie after seeing the news.

The investors of The Hero decided to continue their efforts and continue to buy box office, and they bought even more than yesterday!

According to the consensus of the producers and investors, today's plan was to buy a box office of 15 million yuan, and then use the media to promote it. This would strengthen the notion that the box office of "Hero" would rise against the trend, and bring "Hero" back to the public's attention. At noon, when the team of "Hero" realized that Li Mu didn't give any feedback, they suddenly felt a little restless.

One of the representatives of the producers suggested that since Li Mu, Muye Technology, and Muye Image did not respond, they might as well go all out and raise the box office today to 20 million yuan, surpassing the previous single-day box office record of 18 million yuan set by "Those Years". In this way, there would be a qualitative increase in the topic during the publicity.

After the entire team discussed it, they unanimously approved this seemingly risky but extremely tempting plan.

The cost of buying box office wasn't high. After all, the box office itself was shared between the film company and the cinema chain, so they could still earn back a large portion of the money. Although the remaining cost was fed to the cinema chain, the benefits were still very obvious.

Among them, the most important benefit was that buying box office would inevitably increase the number of screenings. Originally, The Hero didn't have enough screenings, but after buying box office with a guaranteed 60% occupancy rate, the cinema chain would have a 60% guarantee. Naturally, they would be willing to arrange more screenings that couldn't earn such a high percentage for it. This way, the number of screenings would increase rapidly. Moreover, because of the grey relationship between the producers and the cinema chain, it was equivalent to further shortening the distance between the producers and the cinema chain. In this case, it would be easier to display its materials in the major cinema chains and attract more users.

Among the audience of the cinema chain, there was a considerable group of people who only decided what movie to watch after they arrived at the cinema. At that time, the one with the largest number of screenings and the one with the most offline materials would have the opportunity to win the box office of this group of people. Therefore, when the audience went to the cinema to watch a movie, they would find that there were not only large posters of a certain movie, but also a large number of dolls, sculptures, and scene displays. This not only represented the strength of the movie producer, but also the relationship between the producer and the cinema chain.

According to the usual practice, if the producer of a movie continuously bought box office for three to five days, they would get the majority of the screenings in the cinema chain.

The number of screening halls in the cinema chain was fixed, and the number of screenings per day was also fixed. If there was a movie that grabbed a large number of screenings, it would naturally put a lot of pressure on other movies at the same time. As a result, when the audience of the other movies arrived at the cinema, they would find that there were too few screenings. In the end, they could only choose the movie with the highest screenings. This was equivalent to using a forceful method to rob the box office of the other movies.

For the producer and the investors, this was a very worthwhile transaction. As long as the initial investment could reverse the declining box office, the money would definitely be earned back. While Li Mu had not given any response, they quickly set the pace. Once the pace was set, it would be very difficult for Li Mu to reverse the situation.

However, the producer and the investment team of The Hero had obviously underestimated Li Mu. Under such circumstances, how could Li Mu just sit and wait?

No matter what, he was the one who set the pace.

At 7 PM that night, just as The Hero was spending a lot of money on the box office sales across the country with all kinds of Specter Grounds, and just as all of the cooperating media outlets were preparing to report on it after 7: 30 PM, YY Takes You To Relive Those Years was officially launched!

Li Mu's non-contact siege against The Hero had officially begun!

The tens of millions of online YY netizens received this heavy push notification immediately. When they clicked on the event page to see what was going on, they found that Makino Technology had made another huge money-giving event!

Every day, 30 lucky audience members would be selected to travel to Egret Island for free. Every day, 70 people would get autographed souvenirs and 1,000 YY coins. Every day, 10,000 people would get a six-month YY membership. The most terrifying thing was that they had to give away three suites, and they could choose any one of them within 120 square meters!

It was so extravagant!

The actual cost of three suites, plus other awards, was only a few million. Most of the companies that could advertise on CCTV during prime time probably invested more than ten million on CCTV alone. However, these companies wouldn't give the users the feeling of being a "super nouveau riche" or a "money-giving boy." It was hard for them to leave a deep impression on the users. However, if they used the money to give back to the users, they would be particularly shocked and admired by them. This was Li Mu's operation strategy.

Just as expected!

As soon as the event was launched, it immediately became a super hot topic among netizens and other people. The netizens were shocked by Makino Technology's extravagant behavior, and the most direct response was to immediately find a way to participate in the event.

The way to participate was also very simple. It was nothing more than going to a movie for 30 yuan. Moreover, "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" had a very good reputation on the internet, and people were looking forward to it. The reason why they didn't go to the cinema was either because they didn't want to arrange extra time, or they didn't want to spend extra money. However, with the promotion of Makino Technology's event, everyone had the mentality of going to the movie no matter what, and then participating in the event.

At this moment, Zhao Kang's Internet Water Army appeared in an overwhelming manner!

If the water army hired by the Hero team was said to be mercenaries of varying strength and less than a thousand people, then Zhao Kang's water army was simply a regular army of millions.

Li Mu and Zhao Kang had invested so much time, energy, and money into the water army team, and their combat power was simply too strong. As soon as the event began, these water army fanned the flames in all corners of the internet. Through various means, they got the users to participate in "YY Takes You to Relive Those Years" without hesitation.

The instigation ability of this group of fake reviewers was too strong. Very soon, the enthusiasm of most netizens was aroused. 30 yuan to watch a movie. With so many opportunities, even if they won the lowest award, they would still make a profit. Why not?

It was precisely because of this concept that within half an hour after the event was launched, the cinema chains all over the country were in an uproar!

A large number of netizens rushed into the cinema for this event. At present, most of the cinema chains in the country had not yet completed the connection to the Mu Ying ticketing system, so when a large number of audiences gathered in the cinema, all the remaining tickets for "Those Years" were sold out!

Frenzied users snapped up all the tickets for "Those Years" tonight, but there was still a large number of users who could not buy one, so they settled for the next day and bought out all the tickets for the next day.

The users who could not buy the tickets could only appeal further, asking the cinema to sell the tickets for the third day in advance.

Asking the cinema to sell the tickets for the third day in advance was a concept instilled by Zhao Kang's water army online. They had already subconsciously hinted to the users online in advance: If the cinema ran out of tickets, ask them to sell the tickets for the next day in advance. That way, with one ticket in hand, they would be able to submit the ticket stub to participate in the event tomorrow!

They also hinted that if the tickets for the second day were also sold out, it didn't matter, because there was still the third day!

If the tickets for the third day were also sold out, it didn't matter, because the cinema chains could still temporarily increase the number of tickets!