Chapter 359

Geng Yang hadn't been in Yanjing for long, so he didn't know much about Yanjing. He had only heard of Happy Farm, let alone 3321. He didn't like to play on the computer or surf the Internet. He preferred to be drunk every day, immersed in the world of luxury cars, beauties, and alcohol.

He didn't care what Li Mu did. He only knew that Li Mu had embarrassed him in front of Chen Wan. He had always kept this grudge in his heart, until now.

Tang Quan also asked Geng Yang why he had a conflict with Li Mu. Geng Yang explained, "My family wants to do well in the Yanjing market, so some time ago, I went to Yanjing TV with a manager from the factory to discuss advertising cooperation. It just so happened that I saw a pretty girl at Yanjing TV."

"Pretty girl?"

Tang Quan frowned and thought about it, then said, "Yanjing TV doesn't have any pretty hosts. I think they're all very ordinary."

Geng Yang said, "Not a host, but a staff member. But she's really pretty, much prettier than the female hosts we often see on TV."

"Oh …" Tang Quan nodded and asked, "You and Li Mu had a conflict because of that pretty girl?"

Geng Yang made a sound of agreement and told him the general situation at the time.

After Tang Quan heard it, he smiled and said, "You hit Li Mu's friend. With my understanding of him, he definitely won't let you go. That kid's methods are quite vicious. You can talk to Brother Hua about this later. He doesn't get along with that kid Li Mu. Maybe he can give you some advice."

Geng Yang nodded, but he didn't take Tang Quan's words to heart. He didn't know Li Mu's background, but he always felt that the kid wasn't a big deal. At such a young age, driving a GL8, how arrogant could he be?

When he had time, he had to settle the score with him.

Li Mu stayed with Zhao Kang and his girlfriend in the hospital until five o 'clock in the afternoon. The doctor came to see him again. After confirming that there was nothing serious, he told Zhao Kang that he could go home, but he reminded him to remember to come to the hospital every day to change the dressing and protect the wound from infection.

Li Mu drove the car back from the hot spring hotel and drove Zhao Kang and Wang Jia back to the city with their heads wrapped in bandages.

Zhao Kang was in a sorry state. He sat in the car and looked at the rearview mirror for a long time. He smacked his lips and said, "I'm going home in a few days, but I ended up with a body full of injuries. I don't know how to explain myself when I get back."

Li Mu said, "Just say that I got into a conflict with some hooligans while eating outside and that the other party has been arrested by the police. That way, Uncle and Auntie won't be too worried."

Zhao Kang nodded and said, "We can't hide it, so this is the only way."

Seeing that Wang Jia had been sitting next to Zhao Kang without saying a word, Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "Jia Jia, where are you from?"

Wang Jia said shyly, "I'm from Huibei."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Huibei should be very close to Shenzhen, right?"

Wang Jia said, "Less than a hundred kilometers, and it will only take an hour by train."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's not far from our Haizhou."

At this time, Zhao Kang suddenly thought of something and said, "Little Mu, why don't we drive back instead of taking the train."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Why do you want to drive back?

We can drive back, but it's a bit far, and it will take more than ten hours. "

Looking at Wang Jia, Zhao Kang said with a doting expression, "Jia Jia and her brother only bought standing tickets, and it will take more than ten hours to drive from Yan Jing to their home. It's too tiring. Why don't they drive back with us? We have to get to Shenzhen first anyway, so we can send them home if we walk a little longer."

Wang Jia said hurriedly, "You don't have to go through so much trouble. Haven't you already bought berth tickets? My brother and I can take care of each other on the train, so it won't take long."

Zhao Kang said, "I originally wanted to go to the train station to see if there were any scalpers selling berth tickets, but it turned out to be like this. I really don't want to go out and embarrass myself. Actually, we can drive back. Little Mu and I can take turns driving, and it won't be too tiring. We will leave in the morning and arrive home in the evening."

Li Mu nodded and said, "We can drive back. It's inconvenient to stay at home for a long time without a car. It's better to drive back. I'll ask Yingxue if she wants to come with us."

"Okay, you can ask her."

When the car was about to reach the city, the sky was completely dark. Li Mu didn't have lunch, and neither did Zhao Kang and Wang Jia. They were a little hungry now. Li Mu said, "Let's find a place to eat first. I'll call Ning Hao to come with us."

Zhao Kang said hesitantly, "Why don't I go back to the dormitory? It's really not suitable for me to go to a public place like this."

Li Mu said, "Then let's go to Yucheng Garden. I'll ask the restaurant downstairs to send some food upstairs. We'll eat at home."

Zhao Kang didn't refuse again.

Li Mu called Ning Hao and asked him to meet him at Yucheng Garden. After the car arrived at Yucheng Garden, Li Mu gave the key to Zhao Kang and asked him and Wang Jia to go up first. He went to the restaurant at the entrance to order some food. It just so happened that Ning Hao was there, so he went upstairs with him.

The restaurant downstairs quickly sent up a table of food. At the dining table, Li Mu told Ning Hao in detail about what happened today, as well as his plan to reshoot the scene and ruin God Ji's image. Ning Hao was stunned after hearing it. He looked at Li Mu and sighed. "Big Brother, is it really okay for you to play with people so ruthlessly?"

Li Mu asked him, "What's wrong with it?"

Ning Hao smiled awkwardly. "It's nothing. I just feel that this move is too bad. Not to mention ordinary people, even a second or third person wouldn't be able to think of such a move …"

Li Mu said, "My goal is very simple. I want to ruin this brand, so you must help me find the right people. Remember what I told you on the phone today, the more disgusting the image, the better."

Ning Hao nodded. "I understand. I'll go look for them tomorrow. I've also talked to the people in our crew. Everyone is free now, so we can start work anytime."

Li Mu asked him, "How long do you think it will take to finish shooting?"

Ning Hao thought for a moment and said, "It's just a set of restaurant scenes. Find the right actors, find a good restaurant, and book it for a day. It should be done in a day. But you have to confirm the time with Zhang Kexuan."

Li Mu smiled and said, "He's coming to Beijing tomorrow to participate in the rehearsal for the Spring Festival Gala. He told me before."

Ning Hao said, "Then there's no problem. When the time comes, we can directly add this scene to the male lead being humiliated by the male antagonist and making up his mind to write a new song. It can also increase the foreshadowing of the male lead's desires. The effect should be quite good."

Li Mu said, "That's good. Hurry up and get ready. Come, come, let's eat first."

After eating, Li Mu gave Ning Hao 100,000 yuan in cash and let him leave first. Zhao Kang had some things he wanted to talk to Li Mu alone, so he asked Wang Jia to take a taxi back to school first.

After Wang Jia left, Zhao Kang sat on the sofa angrily and cursed, "Motherf * cker, I've been planning to break my virginity for so long, but it's all ruined by that son of a b * tch!"

Li Mu laughed after hearing that. "You're good. No wonder you purposely went to Xiaotangshan Hot Spring Hotel. So you secretly fell in love. You didn't even tell me. You're not good enough as a brother."

Zhao Kang sighed, "Don't mention it. I originally wanted to show off to you after I succeeded in breaking my virginity, but I didn't expect … Sigh, let's not talk about it. It's only a few days of vacation. When I come back, I'll also rent a house. There will be plenty of opportunities when the time comes."

Li Mu said, "Why don't we buy a house after the New Year? I also want to buy a house. It doesn't feel good to rent a house."

Zhao Kang said, "I can buy a house, but I don't have that much money on hand. I gave some money to my family some time ago, and I still have hundreds of thousands of yuan on my own. If I buy a house now, it'll cost at least a million yuan, right?"

Li Mu asked him, "Doesn't Legendary Overlord have a few million yuan in its account?"

"Yes, but like you said, the money is not clean. It won't be a problem to use it to buy a house, right?"

Li Mu thought for a while and asked, "How's the internet cafe going?"

Zhao Kang said, "It can open after the New Year."

Li Mu nodded and said, "How about this? After the New Year, Makino Technology will buy ten houses as a reward for the employees who contribute the most next year. I'll ask someone in the company to buy one for you. The company will pay for the money first, and you can pay the company when there's dividends or when there's financing."

Zhao Kang was delighted and asked him hurriedly, "Is that okay?"

Li Mu said, "Why not? You're also a shareholder of the company. It's not a problem to give you this privilege, and it won't affect the company's operations."

Zhao Kang suddenly clapped his hands and said, "Okay!

I'll buy one! "

…

The party organized by Xu Jiahua started in the afternoon. Several men were surrounded by a large group of women, and they had a lot of fun.

Xu Jiahua and his buddies were having a lot of fun, but Tang Quan, who provided so many beautiful women, seemed to be very restrained. Geng Yang was not familiar with Xu Jiahua, and he was not even a follower in front of him. Tang Quan was so restrained, so he did not dare to be too presumptuous.

After drinking several bottles of wine, the atmosphere in the villa became even more lively. The floor heating was turned on, and the air conditioning was also turned on. With so many people, the temperature in the villa rose to a full 30 degrees. Xu Jiahua hugged two hot beauties who only had two pieces of cloth left. Although there was no shortage of good women around him, he still liked this kind of woman.

After a few rounds of wine, Tang Quan personally filled up Xu Jiahua's glass and said, "Brother Hua, you're in a good state today. Do you want to try to fight one against three tonight?"

Xu Jiahua fiercely touched the chest of a girl next to him, took a sip of wine, and laughed presumptuously. "One against three is nothing. I'm going to fight one against four tonight. Listen to me, all of you. If you serve me well tonight, I'll give each of you 100,000 yuan tomorrow morning."

The surrounding girls were suddenly excited, and they all came forward to flatter Xu Jiahua with extremely provocative body language and extremely provocative body language.

The girls under Tang Quan's control were basically the peripheral girls that were often mentioned in later generations. Under Tang Quan's arrangement, they often had the opportunity to make money in the circle of the rich and powerful. It was common for them to make ten or twenty thousand yuan a night, but there was never a sky-high price of 100,000 yuan a night. 100,000 yuan was a huge sum of money. With so much money, they could sleep with a second-tier female star. For them, to get such a price, they could basically do it regardless of how many people came or whether they were human or not.

Seeing Xu Jiahua in such a good mood today, Tang Quan smiled and said to him, "Brother Hua, let me tell you something very coincidental."

Xu Jiahua squinted at him and said, "What is it?"

Tang Quan pointed to Geng Yang next to him and said with a smile, "Geng Yang and that Li Mu actually have a grudge. Today, he beat up Li Mu's friend."

Xu Jiahua frowned and glanced at Geng Yang.

He was not interested in the second generation of this kind of nouveau riche family. If the second generation of Yan Jing were to be ranked, the first would definitely be the second and third generation of the top official families, followed by the third generation of big families like him, who had decades of foundation, and then the second generation of the second generation whose net worth was more than 10 billion yuan. As for Geng Yang, he was nothing in his eyes. Although Tang Quan tried his best to get him to know him, in Xu Jiahua's view, he only had a little potential to be a follower.

However, why did this guy have a grudge with Li Mu?

Xu Jiahua looked at Geng Yang with great interest and asked about the general situation.

After listening, Xu Jiahua felt a little disdainful in his heart. It turned out to be a woman's trivial matter. He did not expect that Geng Yang held a grudge and mistakenly beat up Li Mu's friend. This Geng Yang was the same as Tang Quan, too low in status.

Thinking that Li Mu had repeatedly made things difficult for him and used such a short time to make Makino Technology so popular, Xu Jiahua felt a burst of anger in his heart. He looked at Geng Yang and said lightly, "Li Mu is still very capable. If you can beat him, you will be a member of this circle in the future."

When Geng Yang heard this, he immediately said excitedly, "Brother Hua, don't worry, I will definitely kill that surnamed Li."

Xu Jiahua waved his hand and said, "Use your brain when you do things. If you only think about fighting, you can't beat him. If you don't believe me, you can ask Tang Quan."

Geng Yang looked at Tang Quan in surprise and asked, "Brother Quan, have you fought with Li Mu before?"

Tang Quan smiled a little awkwardly and said, "I have fought with him before. I didn't take advantage of him and was even tricked by him. As a result, this guy had the protection of the police and I was detained for 15 days."

Geng Yang was shocked. He had never known that Tang Quan and Li Mu had a grudge, and he did not expect that Tang Quan had also suffered under Li Mu's hands. However, Xu Jiahua's words also gave him a general understanding in his heart. If he really wanted to fight with Li Mu, he was afraid that he would really repeat Tang Quan's mistakes. However, if he didn't fight, what else could he do?

He was not good at using his brain.

Tang Quan saw that he was thinking hard and used his elbow to poke him twice and said in a low voice, "Let's discuss this matter later. Come, let's drink a toast to Brother Hua first."