Chapter 1657

Before Neil became the CEO of Mars, he had more than ten years of management experience in large companies. However, his experience was all in the offline real economy, and it could be said that he knew nothing about the Internet.

After the rise of Li Mu and his Makino Technology, people in the global real economy paid significantly more attention to the Internet. Senior managers like Neil had only started paying attention to the Internet in the last one or two years. However, at this stage, what they could pay attention to was the business model and superficial operating rules presented by the Internet. As for the real technical and algorithmic aspects, he still didn't know a thing.

He didn't understand why his company's name and all the names of its products had been blocked, but the article full of all kinds of scandals hadn't been blocked at all. However, the technical staff had seen the multiple designs of the algorithm.

If a computer was asked to execute a single instruction, it would absolutely be more thorough than any other machine in the world. If you asked it to block Mars, it would definitely block Mars as soon as it saw it. As for why the scandals weren't blocked, there had to be an algorithm inside. Furthermore, once this logic was triggered, it would have a higher priority than ordinary algorithms.

It was like two different habits of a person. For example, Zhang San would be jealous when eating dumplings under normal circumstances, but he would never be jealous when there was wine.

It seemed that the habit of being jealous when eating dumplings was more applicable, but his priority wasn't as high as wine.

To put it another way, Han Meimei's spare tire was Wang Ming. Before Li Leilei confessed to her, she was willing to be Wang Ming's girlfriend for the time being, but once Li Leilei confessed to her, she would choose Li Leilei without hesitation.

The logic of blocking keywords from Mars was like Wang Ming being Han Meimei's spare tire for the time being. Now, the Mars keywords in the scandals weren't blocked, and this logic was Li Leilei's confession.

What the technical manager at Mars wanted to know now was what kind of trigger conditions were needed for Li Leilei's confession logic.

If there was a bug in the trigger conditions, then Mars might be able to seize the bug to break through Makino Technology's algorithmic defense.

Thus, he changed one of the letters in the entire article and posted it using a newly registered Titter account.

As soon as the content was posted, he asked another colleague to check it with a newly registered account. The response from the other party was, "There's nothing in your new Titter account."

The technical manager panicked. He hurriedly copied the original text again. This time, he did not change any of the original content. Instead, he added a subtitle at the end. Then, he posted it again for another colleague to check. The result was: "I still can't see anything. From what I can see, your account hasn't posted anything yet."

The technical manager suddenly sighed and shook his head dejectedly. He muttered, "This move of theirs is really too ruthless."

Neil asked in confusion, "What are you talking about?

What's going on? "

The technical manager looked at Neil and said seriously, "Makino Technology has indeed blocked all our keywords. There is only one way to avoid this logic."

Neil hurriedly asked, "What is it?"

The technical manager said, "Just publish his article word for word!"

"What?!"

Neil was stunned. After a while, he blurted out, "You mean, if we want our keywords to not be blocked, we have to publish this article full of negative news about us?

Then can I add a 'this is all bullsh * t' at the end of this part of the content? "

"You can't."

The technical manager shook his head and said, "Even if you change or add a single letter or character, this article will be blocked. The only way to avoid this logic is to copy this article word for word."

As he said that, the technical manager said, "Let me put it another way. The keywords of Mars and all of our products that are blocked will only be seen by Titter users in this article. All other related content will be blocked."

Neil touched his forehead and said in despair, "That means that the netizens of Titter will only see this article when they see us in the future?"

The technical manager nodded. "That's right."

Neil suddenly felt dizzy. After a while, he said angrily, "Damn, how can they do this?

Does Li Mu really think he's the God of Titter? "

The technical manager said helplessly, "Mr. Neil, Titter is Li Mu's product. All the principles, logic, and algorithms are controlled by him. Therefore, he is indeed the God of Titter, just like the GM in games. If you want a good set of equipment, you might have to play day and night for a year. But if he wants a set of top-notch equipment that no one can surpass, all he needs to do is type a line of code. In the virtual world he created, he is the God, and we are just parasites in his virtual world."

Only then did Neil understand.

He and Li Mu were not even in the same dimension.

Moreover, Mars and Muye Technology weren't even in the same dimension.

Although Mars was also a giant with a market value of more than ten billion US dollars, almost all of its assets and strength were concentrated offline. The market value of Makino Technology might be a few times or even a dozen times that of Mars, but in terms of online assets and strength, it was infinitely stronger than Mars.

In modern society, whether it was a war of words or a war of propaganda, it was all about the ability to deliver information. Unfortunately, Mars had no ability in this aspect.

It was like two armies from completely different eras were fighting each other. Mars was like Napoleon at his peak, invincible in his field and continent. Makino Technology was a modern, powerful, three-in-one army. When it attacked Napoleon, it did not need to mobilize any ground forces at all. It could rely on air strikes and long-range attacks to kill Napoleon. Even before Napoleon died, he and his army would not be able to truly face this modern army.

Therefore, in this case, it was impossible for Mars to succeed no matter what.

Only then did Neil realize that Mars was not even qualified to fight with Li Mu. In the face of Li Mu's powerful firepower, Mars' "army" did not even have the chance to be hung up and beaten. It was directly massacred.

Mars did not even have the slightest right to speak on the Internet. How could it fight with Makino Technology with just its own food business?

Did it have to print a few sentences scolding Makino Technology on every bag of dog food, every chocolate bar, and every bag of chocolate beans?

Accusing them of bullying others?

Forget it. Makino Technology did not even publicly say a word against Mars from the beginning to the end. They only privately warned the media not to talk nonsense, and then blocked Mars on their own platform. For ordinary users, they did not even hear a word from Makino Technology against Mars.

In such a situation, Mars could only suffer in silence.

Just when Neil finally realized how passive his situation was, Mars' reputation on the Internet was falling rapidly.

That big collection of scandals seemed to have received a strong secret help. It spread like wildfire in the world of Titter. Even some media and websites that were watching the commotion used it as news to hype it up. Consumers saw a lot of scandals about Mars, and they were different scandals that happened in different product lines. The shock was very strong, and the direct result was that it gave consumers a strong psychological hint about Mars. They always felt that this company was particularly unreliable.

No company could withstand such a strong and dense wave of negative news. Even a giant like Volkswagen couldn't withstand so many scandals at the same time. Just think about it, just the emissions gate alone was enough to make them anxious. If a large number of scandals like engine oil burning, gearboxes flashing, axles broken, mismatched, nesting dolls, falsified test results, airbags with safety hazards, and so on were exposed at the same time, Volkswagen wouldn't be able to withstand it either.

A company could at most deal with one big scandal at the same time, or a few ordinary scandals. However, no company could deal with a lot of scandals at the same time. Any company that dealt with a lot of scandals at a certain stage at the same time almost all died without exception.

Even Boss Ma, who was called Daddy by many in the future, had to be publicly questioned every time he accepted an interview with the overseas media. It could be seen that Boss Ma was also troubled by this repeated cliché. Later, whenever someone asked him about the fake products on his platform, he would tell them, "We now have the world's largest and most professional anti-counterfeiting team. We use big data to monitor the entire platform. Once we find someone selling fake products, we will immediately pass their information and address to the public security authorities …"

It was like a leader of a theft gang suddenly transforming into a civil anti-pickpocketing captain. He worked so hard just to deal with one scandal, but even so, it was obviously not enough. It could be seen that if a company had to face multiple scandals at the same time, the situation would be very tragic.

Li Mu intended to dig out all the scandals that happened to Mars in the past few years and present them to the world. Some of these people had only heard of one or two Mars scandals in the past few years, and some might not even have heard of any. Now, he wanted to expose all the scandals at once, and then let the consumers carefully weigh whether they still wanted to buy the products produced by this stupid company.

By the time Zhao Kang's fake reviewers had spread this article all over the world, Mars was already being scolded on Titter. Searching for Mars's various keywords, there were users posting new criticisms everywhere, scolding Mars into a mess.

The phone of Mars' public relations department was about to explode with calls from all the major media outlets. Now, the media all over the world wanted to interview Mars and grab a chance to grab the headlines. Neil, under great pressure, grabbed the technical manager and asked, "Didn't you say that only one article would not be blocked by Makino Technology?

Why are so many users' comments not blocked now?! "

The technical manager said with a sad face, "They must have changed the algorithm again …"

Neil asked angrily, "Then what is the algorithm now?!"

The technical manager said helplessly, "I don't know what the specific algorithm is. Maybe they now feel that the previous foreshadowing is enough, and there is no need to do any more blocking. It's time to let the angry netizens insult us …"

At this time, the public relations manager said in a panic, "Mr. Neil, the previous tweets on our official Titter have been restored … The number of fans has also been restored …"

Neil was delighted. "Really?

Finally, there's something good! "

The public relations manager said awkwardly, "This is not a good thing, Mr. Neil. The netizens have rushed to our official Titter to leave messages and comments. In just a few minutes, there were tens of thousands of comments insulting us …"