Chapter 1157

At the behest of the deputy mayor and the hospital director, Chief Zou told them all about Anne Hathaway's condition.

Her main symptoms were a sudden high fever and abnormal white blood cells. There were signs of a virus infection, but they were not sure what kind of virus it was. So, the hospital had done a blood culture for her for a more precise analysis of the source of the infection. However, the results of the blood culture would not be out for a while, so they had to wait patiently.

At present, the hospital had decided to give Anne Hathaway the ultra-broad-spectrum antibiotic Tylenol before confirming the source of the infection. Hopefully, it would be effective.

Chief Zou made two hypotheses for Li Mu. According to him, first, assuming that Anne Hathaway did not contract the infectious disease, then there was a high chance that Tylenol could resist the virus she contracted. As long as the virus was within the range of Tylenol's resistance, her symptoms would quickly improve. If it was not within the range of Tylenol's resistance, there was no need to be too nervous. The hospital would try other antibiotics. If it still did not work, they could wait for the results of the blood culture to come out.

Another hypothesis was that if Anne Hathaway contracted the infectious disease, then the use of Tylenol and other antibiotics would probably not be effective. At that time, the hospital would adopt the current treatment method for the infectious disease and try their best to treat her.

Chief Zou also asked Li Mu if Anne Hathaway had been to a particularly crowded place or if she had come into contact with a patient with a fever.

Li Mu and Spielberg thought about it for a long time, but they could not think of anything special.

Anne Hathaway had been to the beach and the restaurant with them, but because Li Mu's identity was more sensitive, they had always avoided the public and tried not to come into contact with too many people. So, it could be inferred that Anne Hathaway did not have many chances to come into close contact with SARS patients.

Chief Zou quickly arranged for a nurse to test the temperature of Li Mu, Spielberg, and the others outside. When he learned that everyone's temperature was normal, Chief Zou was a little relieved. He said to Li Mu, "In that case, you don't have to worry too much. You are all the people who have come into contact with Miss Anne the most, but your bodies have no abnormal reactions. I think Miss Anne should not be infected."

Li Mu nodded. If he used the method of elimination and logic to judge, Director Zou's inference was not unreasonable. In that case, the possibility of Anne Hathaway contracting SARS was indeed not high. It was very likely that she was unlucky enough to be infected with some kind of pathogen at this time, causing her to have a high fever.

But even so, everyone did not dare to take it lightly. They could only let Anne Hathaway receive isolation treatment in the hospital. Li Mu communicated with Spielberg in private and said to him, "Steven, if you are in a hurry to return to the United States, then after dawn, you should go back according to your original plan. I will arrange for someone to take care of Anne in Hua Xia. But I have to ask you for a favor. At present, the exact situation is still unknown, so I hope you will not disclose it to the media."

Spielberg immediately said, "Li, I will stay and wait for Anne to recover before we go back together. I brought her here. I can't leave her alone."

As he said this, he added, "But don't worry, I will tell the other shareholders not to talk nonsense when they go back."

Li Mu nodded. If Spielberg did not want to leave, then let him stay here with him. He could also find an opportunity to have an in-depth talk with him about Flying Tigers.

The hospital was not a place to stay for long, and he could not see Anne Hathaway. Therefore, Li Mu left the hospital with everyone. Deputy Mayor Xu was worried that something might happen to Li Mu, so he insisted that the director arrange for a professional nurse to track Li Mu's health, take Li Mu's temperature every day, and be responsible for disinfecting and protecting Li Mu's residence.

Li Mu insisted, but Deputy Mayor Xu would not agree no matter what. He took Li Mu's hand and forced him to agree before letting him go.

Li Mu was really helpless. Finally, on second thought, if there was a nurse to contact him, then he could have a better way to understand the situation of the hospital and the epidemic, so he nodded and agreed.

Unexpectedly, Deputy Mayor Xu turned to the director and said, which almost made Li Mu vomit blood, "Director, arrange for a careful and experienced nurse to be responsible for Mr. Li's health. But be careful, after confirming the candidate, first put her in isolation for two to three days to make sure that she has no symptoms of fever, then let her contact Mr. Li. Once she starts to contact Mr. Li, don't come to the hospital again. Minimize the risk, understand?"

The director immediately nodded and promised, "Don't worry, Mayor Xu. I understand!"

Li Mu thought that in this way, even if a nurse was assigned to contact him, that nurse might not have first-hand information. But this was also safe. Otherwise, if a nurse shuttled back and forth between the hospital and his home every day, it would really be a little risky. His life was not for show, so he had to be more or less cautious and not be too pretentious.

Moreover, after all, a nurse in the hospital, even if she did not come to work for a period of time, she could still inquire about the specific situation of the hospital through her colleagues, which was much more convenient than getting information from outside.

…

Dragging his tired body back home, Li Mu was already awake. He did not expect that Anne Hathaway, who came all the way to Hua Xia, would give him the opportunity that he had been waiting for. With today's experience, it would be a perfect explanation for everything that followed.

Therefore, Li Mu did not delay any more. He called Liu Shixiong, who was still asleep, to come to his home, and also called his assistant, Li Ziwei. He was going to inform them first and make strategic preparations first.

Liu Shixiong, who was sleepy, hurried over. He did not know why Li Mu had called him so early. Li Ziwei, on the other hand, looked calm and came directly with her notebook.

The three of them sat down on the sofa in the living room. Li Mu first told them about Anne Hathaway's situation, including the recent serious epidemic of infectious diseases.

When Liu Shixiong heard that there was an epidemic of infectious diseases, he did not take it too seriously. He said, "To be honest, our country is so vast, and there are so many people. It doesn't seem to be a big deal to occasionally have influenza or bird flu. There is no need to be too nervous, right?"

Li Mu nodded, "You are right, but sometimes you have to admit that the judgment of the people is not rational enough. If there is news of bird flu in a certain place, it may be that the consumption of chicken and eggs of the people in the country will be greatly reduced, and the chicken farms will also suffer heavy losses. It may be that the bird flu does not threaten the lives of many people, but the excessive reaction of the people will make tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of farmers pay hundreds of millions of yuan or more in losses."

"That's true," Liu Shixiong nodded in agreement, and then asked Li Mu, "Do you have any ideas?"

Li Mu said seriously, "When I was in the hospital yesterday, I felt that the situation this time may be different from the previous influenza epidemics. This time, from the hospital to Deputy Mayor Xu, they are very cautious. I think the epidemic this time may be more difficult to deal with than before. Now it has only caused some rumors and panic around Shenzhen. If it spreads to the whole country, the impact will be great. At that time, if it causes panic among the people of the country, it will definitely cause a lot of social problems. So we have to use our advantages to prepare in advance."

Liu Shixiong was a little confused. In fact, he had not experienced something like SARS, so he did not know what "we" and "advantages" Li Mu was talking about.

Li Ziwei was also very surprised. She asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, this should be a matter between the government and the country, and only the country has the ability to deal with it. What can we solve?"

Li Mu said seriously, "I'm not sure how the country will prepare and deal with it, but I'm worried that if the local government hides the information, so that the senior leaders can't get the relevant information in time, what should we do?

If the overall policy control of the country is affected because of the local government's concealment, then the response at the national level will be delayed, and then the whole society will be affected. "

Speaking of this, Li Mu paused for a moment, and then said, "We are businessmen, and we don't participate in politics, but we can't be without social responsibility, so we have to do our duty and prepare for the social impact that may be brought next."

Liu Shixiong nodded slightly and said, "I'll listen to you. Just tell me what to do!"

Li Mu said, "I just mentioned our advantage. Where is this advantage? Actually, it's in Taobao."

Li Ziwei was surprised. She thought that the advantage Li Mu was talking about was YY. After all, YY's information delivery ability was very strong, and it should be very effective at critical times. But she did not expect that the advantage Li Mu was talking about was actually the e-commerce platform Taobao.

Liu Shixiong understood some of the key points, and asked Li Mu in surprise, "Don't tell me you're thinking of stockpiling supplies in advance?!"

Li Mu smiled and snapped his fingers. "That's right, I'm going to stockpile supplies in advance!

In the face of a major social panic, supplies are the best stabilizer!

Our Taobao network is covering more and more users, and our Taobao logistics is getting stronger and stronger. We also have our own storage bases. In this case, if we stockpile the corresponding supplies from all over the world in advance, then once the society needs it, we can immediately send the necessary supplies through the Taobao network and Taobao logistics to the whole society.

"When the time comes, the supplies we stockpile will play a role. We will send the supplies to where there is a real need for supplies; we will send the supplies to where there is a corresponding shortage of supplies and distribute them reasonably; we will use a large number of supplies to ensure the prevention of the epidemic, speed up the resolution of the epidemic, and ease the fear of the people; moreover, as long as we have a large number of supplies on hand, we can also be flexible to prevent profiteers from raising prices nationwide, and prevent others from maliciously stockpiling related supplies!

If anyone dares to speculate in epidemic prevention supplies, we will immediately transfer a large number of supplies to the area where they operate and sell them at a reduced price. Not only will we make their wish to raise prices fail, but we will also make them lose everything! "

Liu Shixiong was energized, and he suppressed the excitement in his heart. He asked, "How much money do we have to stockpile supplies?"