Chapter 582

After Chen Ping said this, Liu Yidong almost wanted to get up and leave.

Because he had already realized that there was no need to continue the conversation.

Chen Ping's mentality was problematic in today's meeting. This was definitely not the mentality of a normal person who had the intention to cooperate. He was gradually increasing the pressure that he brought to Liu Yidong. He must have a plan.

In addition, Liu Yidong was also very shocked. He had learned about the express delivery companies in the market. At present, the express delivery industry was still in its infancy in the country. Most people's mail and logistics needs were solved through the postal service. The postal service's ordinary mail and registered mail already accounted for more than 80% of the country's total parcels and letters. In addition, the postal service also had the express delivery service of EMS, so overall, the private express delivery industry market was not big.

In fact, although Hua Xia's logistics industry in the future would be an obese abnormal product, without the rise of e-commerce, the 1.3 billion people in Hua Xia's demand for logistics and transportation would not be enough to give birth to so many logistics express delivery companies. At present, there was no e-commerce to help, no matter how powerful the private express delivery companies were, they would only eat the leftovers of the postal service.

Now there were only four good private express delivery companies in the country. In terms of reputation, scale, and coverage, Home Express was worthy of being the number one, followed by Shentong, Yuantong, and SF Express. SF Express was more famous in the south, but it had not truly operated nationwide. It was still in the stage of accumulation. Now that the remaining three companies had become one, this news made Liu Yidong very nervous.

Combined with Chen Ping's faint malicious intent, Liu Yidong suddenly felt that Taobao might have been schemed against, but he could not understand why it would be Home Express that schemed against Taobao.

Liu Yidong tentatively said to Chen Ping, "Mr. Chen, now that you have integrated Shentong and Yuantong, the entire logistics system's carrying capacity will definitely be greatly improved. In this case, cooperating with Taobao is the most suitable. We will soon usher in a peak of online sales. If we cooperate, we will definitely achieve a win-win situation."

Liu Yidong had already changed his approach. He did not mention acquisition or merger. He only mentioned cooperation to test Chen Ping's attitude.

Chen Ping mysteriously smiled at this time and said, "Mr. Liu, in the future, we may focus on the integration of the three companies' resources. We may not be able to cooperate with your company in this area."

Although Liu Yidong was stunned, he didn't feel surprised. He had subconsciously thought that Chen Ping would reject him.

Liu Yidong changed his approach again and asked him, "Since Mr. Chen is interested in mergers and acquisitions, why don't you tell me your thoughts?"

Chen Ping looked at Liu Xiaodong with that strange look again, smiled mysteriously, and then said, "Boss Liu, if we really want to talk about the details of the merger, then it won't be me talking to you, it will be the boss of my parent company talking to you."

"Parent company?" Liu Yidong felt that his brain was not enough to process the information. Wasn't Out-of-Home Express a private company founded by Chen Ping?

It didn't seem like it had been acquired by anyone. Why was there a parent company involved?

Moreover, this Chen Ping was really a jerk. He was always secretive and didn't finish his words in a straightforward manner.

Chen Ping felt that he had laid the groundwork and was finally willing to speak frankly. He smiled and said to Liu Xiaodong, "Out-of-Home Express has already accepted a merger agreement with Hangzhou Alibaba. It is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba. It is the same for Shentong and Yuantong. If Mr. Liu wants to talk about further cooperation, I can help you make an appointment with Alibaba's Mr. Ma to come over for a chat."

Ali!

So that was it!

Liu Xiaodong's heart skipped a beat. All his doubts and puzzles were suddenly cleared up at this moment.

It turned out that Alibaba was playing tricks behind the scenes. Alibaba's Boss Ma had always wanted to meet with Li Mu. It seemed that he was very interested in Taobao, but Li Mu had delayed meeting with them. He did not expect them to have already acquired these express delivery companies.

At present, Alibaba was definitely much larger than Taobao in terms of company and business scale. It was valued at at least hundreds of millions of US dollars, but compared to Makino Technology, it was still a tier lower. However, Liu Xiaodong had studied the capital behind Alibaba. Most of it came from overseas VC investment banks, such as Goldman Sachs, SoftBank, Huiya Capital, and so on. The heads of these big investment banks were very optimistic about Boss Ma and naturally supported Boss Ma. Therefore, as long as Boss Ma was willing to finance, he would definitely not be short of cash. At present, the express delivery companies were not worth much. Boss Ma first acquired the express delivery companies and laid out the end industry of e-commerce. It was definitely a very smart move.

Since everything was planned behind the scenes by Boss Ma, Liu Xiaodong also understood that there was no need and no point in continuing to chat with Chen Ping. This matter was no longer something that Chen Ping could decide, nor was it something that he could decide. Boss Ma did not come with good intentions. He wanted to directly wrestle with Li Mu.

Liu Xiaodong and Chen Ping exchanged a few polite words, then found an excuse to leave. When he left, Chen Ping did not forget to remind him, "If you have any needs in terms of mergers and acquisitions, Boss Liu can communicate directly with Boss Ma. If you don't have Boss Ma's contact information, you can ask me for it."

Chen Ping's arrogant manner made Liu Xiaodong feel quite dissatisfied, but his professionalism still made him nod very politely. He said, "If there is a need for mergers and acquisitions, Boss Liu can directly communicate with Boss Ma. If you don't have Boss Ma's contact information, you can ask me for it."

After saying that, he walked away.

Liu Xiaodong immediately called Li Mu as soon as he walked out of the door of the express delivery company and reported the situation to Li Mu in detail.

Things were not good, and it was very bad. Liu Xiaodong was just pretending to be calm, but he was already panicking. Boss Ma had seized the few express delivery resources. If he used them to threaten Taobao, then Taobao's future development would immediately hit a bottleneck. Moreover, what he was most worried about was not being choked by Boss Ma. If the other party only surrounded and blocked them and did not take the initiative to attack, then Taobao would definitely be able to find a way to break out of the encirclement and solve the problem. He was afraid that Boss Ma would not only surround and block them, but also launch a frontal attack. If he used the end resources to turn around and do a C2C e-commerce platform like Taobao, then Taobao would be in trouble! Boss Ma had a natural advantage in doing C2C.

Boss Ma had a natural advantage in doing C2C. His Alibaba website had been in operation for many years, and there were a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises on it. After doing B2B for so many years, Boss Ma's enterprise resources were very rich. It could be said that he had a large number of e-commerce upstream resources, and express delivery logistics belonged to e-commerce downstream resources. Now that he had it in his hands, if he failed to blackmail Taobao, it was very likely that he would use the upstream and downstream resources to do his own e-commerce. He had both upstream and downstream resources, so he was naturally like a fish in water in the middle of the industry. Taobao currently had both upstream and downstream resources, but if the downstream was blocked, there would be catastrophic consequences.

When Taobao heard the news on the phone, he was also stunned. He never expected that Boss Ma would make a move so decisively. He wanted to suppress him for a while before meeting him, but he didn't expect that even though he suppressed the meeting time, he couldn't suppress Boss Ma's restless heart. In such a short period of time, Boss Ma had already grasped the downstream resources that could threaten him.

He had always felt that it was too early to build his own logistics system, and it would burn too much money. However, he had experienced the golden ten years of development in the express delivery industry. To be honest, if he was asked to buy a company like Home Express, he might not be interested in it. He really wanted to build his own SF Express, or even his own FedEx. Therefore, he temporarily delayed the pace of building his own logistics system, thinking that he would start next year. He didn't expect that with such hesitation, Boss Ma would immediately grasp his weakness.

Li Mu was annoyed. He had the same worries as Liu Xiaodong. He knew Boss Ma's obsession with retail e-commerce. He was worried that Boss Ma would grab him by the neck and threaten him to make a huge concession. He was also worried that Boss Ma would simply slap his thigh and do it himself. E-commerce was different from portal websites. Traffic was not the most important part. Therefore, even if he completely blocked Boss Ma's e-commerce platform, Boss Ma could still find other ways to break out. Moreover, Boss Ma had both upstream and downstream resources. If he really did it, his starting speed would not be much slower than Li Mu.

Express delivery was the end of e-commerce. It seemed to be relatively low-end, but it was very important. If Taobao website couldn't find a way to break out and could only use the postal service to digest it, it would inevitably bring great harm to the user experience. If the same purchase occurred on Taobao website, it would take a week for the logistics cycle to occur on Boss Ma's platform. It would only take three days for Boss Ma's platform to occur. It wouldn't take long for almost all the users on Taobao website to leave. Even if Li Mu still had YY in his hands, it would be useless. Otherwise, why couldn't Teng Xun start e-commerce in his previous life?

QQ wasn't omnipotent, and it was the same with YY.

Li Mu asked Liu Xiaodong to come back and talk about it. After hanging up the phone, he immediately began to speed up the current situation. Express Delivery, Shentong, and Yuantong were almost the only capable private express delivery companies at the moment. Other than these three companies, there was still SF Express. Li Mu searched for related news about SF Express on the internet and found out that it didn't have much of a reputation. However, it already had a considerable reputation and market share in the Pearl River Delta and Hong Kong and Macao regions. Currently, SF Express was best at short-distance express delivery.

Medium and long-distance express delivery had yet to be developed. However, Li Mu basically didn't think about SF Express. On one hand, SF Express hadn't started to spread out across the country. Wang Wei should still be actively involved in the struggle for power. Cooperation with SF Express wouldn't be able to quench the thirst at hand. On the other hand, Wang Wei was also a very powerful person in the business world. Even if Li Mu took over SF Express, he might not agree. Wrangling with a powerful person would definitely be a protracted battle. With the current development speed of Taobao, the logistics side might not be able to catch its breath in half a year.

From the perspective of e-commerce in the long run, logistics companies were destined to bloom like a hundred flowers. Boss Ma's blockade wouldn't last for too long. However, whether it was Li Mu or private capital, they all needed time to establish logistics. He was afraid that Taobao couldn't wait for the hundred flowers in the logistics industry to bloom. He was even more afraid that Boss Ma would start his own e-commerce website and hang the fruits of the e-commerce industry on his own branch.

Fortunately, there was still the big brother of the state assets that he could rely on. No matter how powerful Boss Ma was, it was impossible for him to take over the postal service. Right now, he could only try to develop the postal service's resources as much as possible, and then immediately start to find a solution.

In fact, Li Mu already had the answer in his heart. In this case, there was only one real solution: to do his own logistics, and if he wanted to do it, he had to do it with the best logistics in the country!