Chapter 1358

When Chen Wan flew to Yanjing, Li Mu happened to have time, so he personally went to the airport to pick her up.

Yanjing Airport, which used to have a large flow of people, was now exceptionally deserted. Although most airlines did not cancel their flights to and from Yanjing, the flight occupancy rate had fallen to a low point. The reason for this was the public's fear of the epidemic.

Since Chen Wan and He Wei took a business jet, they could avoid going through the terminal. The commercial car specially prepared by the airport for VIP users directly picked them up from the hangar, minimizing the chance of contact with strangers as much as possible.

He Wei was secretly shocked along the way. In this day and age, chartering a flight was indeed a very extravagant thing. It was originally only about a two-hour flight. A normal economy class ticket cost a few hundred yuan, and a first-class ticket cost two to three thousand yuan. Switching to a business jet would cost at least a few hundred thousand yuan. The cost was simply increased by dozens or even hundreds of times. Even a celebrity would not be willing to invest such a high cost on a two-hour flight.

But for Chen Wan, Li Mu actually directly booked a round-trip trip from a charter company. This degree of generosity made He Wei wonder if Li Mu was spending so much effort and disregarding the cost because he wanted to pursue Chen Wan.

Many entrepreneurs who chased after female stars in the entertainment industry basically relied on extravagance to open up the situation. He Wei had been in the industry for so long and had seen many similar things. These entrepreneurs also thought of every way possible to show their ability and financial resources, as well as their thoughtfulness, in front of the female star.

Thinking of this, He Wei also felt relieved, but the gossipy heart in his heart still wanted to find out the relationship between Li Mu and Chen Wan.

There was a golden opportunity for Chen Wan to tell him that Li Mu actually wanted to invite him and her to his house for a meal!

It was said that Li Mu's parents would also be there!

When He Wei heard Chen Wan talk about this, he was shocked for a long time.

Li Mu was full of resources. Any insignificant thing he took out would be an excellent resource for the people in the entertainment industry. And Li Mu's family banquet was probably one of all the resources that the people in the entertainment industry would never dare to imagine.

He had never heard of anyone in the entertainment circle attending Li Mu's family banquet. Even among the entrepreneurs, he had never heard of anyone receiving such an invitation.

Li Mu's influence in the country and even in the world could be said to be at the top of the list of entrepreneurs. Whether it was assets or resources, they were very strong. Usually, the people in the entertainment industry would want to get in touch with such a successful entrepreneur. But for Li Mu, most people in the entertainment industry held a mentality that was out of reach. Not to mention the opportunity to cultivate a personal relationship with Li Mu, even the opportunity to meet and chat with him was very difficult to achieve.

Moreover, Li Mu was different from Boss Ma.

From Boss Ma's way of doing things, it could be seen that Boss Ma liked the entertainment industry, and he also liked the vanity fair formed by the people in the entertainment industry. In his previous life, he was the person that everyone in the entertainment industry wanted to get in touch with, and Boss Ma himself was happy to let them get in touch with him. Li Mu didn't know what Boss Ma's motive was. Maybe he liked the entertainment industry, or maybe he enjoyed the transcendental difference in status, or maybe he liked to be praised by a group of celebrities who were usually praised by the people, like the stars around the moon.

But for Li Mu, his attitude towards the entertainment industry was not as simple as the difference in status, but an insurmountable gap. Only his own friends, or a few very outstanding artists, could make Li Mu ignore the difference in status. For example, Du Wei, Chen Wan, Zhang Guorong, and Tom Hanks.

…

Chen Wan hadn't seen Li Mu for a long time, and she missed him very much. When she was on the plane, her mind was filled with Li Mu. This time, she could come to Beijing to support her mother. Other people were worried about the SARS epidemic in Beijing, but Chen Wan didn't care at all. On the contrary, she was looking forward to it, because she would definitely have the opportunity to see Li Mu when she came to Beijing.

Li Mu didn't disappoint Chen Wan. After she got off the plane and came out in the airline's car, she soon saw Li Mu, who had been waiting for a long time.

Li Mu arranged for two commercial vehicles. The one he took would take Chen Wan and He Wei to Ziyun Villa, and the other one would take their entourage to the hotel.

As soon as the airline's car arrived, Li Mu, who was wearing a mask, got out of the commercial vehicle. Chen Wan and He Wei, who were also wearing masks, also got out of the car one after the other. When she saw Li Mu, Chen Wan put her hand on her chest and waved at him like a little girl. She said with a smile, "Long time no see, classmate Li Mu."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Long time no see. Welcome to Beijing."

Chen Wan nodded and gestured to the man standing beside her. She said, "Let me introduce you. This is my partner, He Wei, Teacher He."

Then, Chen Wan said with a little exaggeration, "Teacher He, this is the Li Mu you've always wanted to know, the famous Internet genius, Li Zong, Boss Li."

He Wei hurriedly took off her mask and walked up to Li Mu. She extended her hand and said, "Hello, Li Zong. Nice to meet you. My name is He Wei, the host of Xiangnan Satellite TV."

This was the first time Li Mu had met He Wei in real life.

Although he had been to Xiangdu and met with the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV several times, he had never met He Wei.

He Wei was a host that Li Mu had always admired. His hosting skills were good, and he was also more approachable. The most important thing was that he had been in his career for many years and didn't seem to have any black marks. It was really not easy to find someone who could do this in the entertainment industry. So, in general, although he had never met this person, he could judge that this person should be good overall.

Therefore, Li Mu was also very polite to He Wei. He took off his mask, shook hands with him, and said with a smile, "Hello, Teacher He. I've heard a lot about you. I've known you since I was a teenager. At that time, I waited in front of the TV every day to watch 'The Big Windmill'. I personally like Teacher He's hosting style very much."

He Wei asked in surprise, "Really?

I thought that the audience of 'The Big Windmill' should be children after 85. People born before 85 don't seem to have seen it … "

Li Mu laughed and said, "Then today you know that there's an older fan like me."

He Wei said with a smile, "It's really an honor. In fact, I'm your fan. You have such outstanding achievements at such a young age. Looking at the whole world, you can't find a second one. It's really impressive, so I've always wanted to get to know you, but I haven't had the chance."

Li Mu joked, "Teacher He, I think we can put an end to this wave of commercial mutual praise for the time being. Why don't we get in the car first, and we can talk in the car."

"Mutual commercial flattery …" After Chen Wan heard these four words, she laughed like a flower. She said, "Li Mu, where did you come up with these adjectives? They're really too …"

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "Really how?"

"It's really accurate!"

Chen Wan said, "The two of you keep praising each other. Using this word to describe it is really appropriate."

As Li Mu invited the two of them to get in the car, he said, "Commercial mutual praise is not a derogatory term. In my eyes, this is actually a good thing. In our Internet industry, this is equivalent to a 'volume exchange business' that both parties can benefit from."

After getting in the car, He Wei asked Li Mu curiously, "Li Zong, what is a volume exchange business?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "In our Internet industry, volume exchange business is to exchange users with each other. For example, a news website and an education website both have one million users. Everyone helps each other promote. Under the premise of not losing their own users, they can also use their own users to exchange for the other party's users. Then, they can achieve mutual growth. In the Internet industry, it is volume exchange business. In the entertainment industry, it is commercial mutual praise."

As he said this, Li Mu said, "For example, a male and a female celebrity, each has one million fans. Among them, there are two hundred thousand overlapping fans. In other words, there are a total of 1.8 million natural fans. So, the two decide to cooperate and have a wave of commercial mutual praise, and then let their own fans also pay attention to the other party. In this way, although there are still 1.8 million natural fans, in theory, each person can have 1.8 million fans at most. Using your volume to exchange for my volume, this is volume exchange business."

He Wei exclaimed, "Li Zong, your summary is so true and incisive. If a celebrity can do a round of 'commercial mutual praise' business with multiple celebrities of the same level, I'm afraid the number of fans will increase exponentially, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Now many celebrities have begun to do this with other celebrities in their own Tieba. If Mr. He also runs his own Tieba, you can try to promote each other with Sister Wan and let your own fans also like each other. This way, not only can it increase the number of fans of each person, but more importantly, it can also increase the stickiness of the fans."

He Wei said, "To be honest, I still don't have time to run a Tieba. I only occasionally go up to say hello to my fans. But after listening to what Li Zong said, I really have to pay attention to the Tieba."

As he said this, He Wei said to Chen Wan, "Little Wan, I think we can post the daily routine of us coming to Yanjing on the Tieba and sell it together. This should be the commercial mutual praise that Li Zong mentioned."

Chen Wan said, "Then I'm afraid I will have to take advantage of you, Mr. He. There are too many young girls in your fans, which is my weakest link."

He Wei said with a smile, "Me too. The young guys in my fans are also relatively weak. The two of us can just complement each other."

The two said jokingly, but in their hearts, they were not just looking at each other as a joke.

The operation that Li Mu mentioned was very interesting. Both of them were in the entertainment industry, so it was easy for them to figure out the mystery behind it.