Chapter 52

Li Mu's parents still didn't go to work today. Li Ma called her relatives in the morning to tell them about Li Mu's college entrance examination score and the dinner party in the evening.

Li Ma repeated Li Mu's college entrance examination score many times in the morning, but she didn't get enough. She felt that 636 had almost become her pet phrase. Even when she went out to buy vegetables, she kept repeating it, "636, 636 …"

This score was indeed enough for her and her husband to be proud for a long time.

Li Mu's grandparents were very happy when they heard about Li Mu's score. Three years ago, their granddaughter, who was the only daughter of Li Mu's uncle, Xiao Yuanyuan, scored 570 points in the college entrance examination and entered a provincial university. At that time, the two old people were happy for a whole summer. When they heard that their eldest grandson had such a high score, they couldn't stop smiling since the morning.

Li Mu's aunt and aunt were also very happy and gladly accepted the invitation on the phone. Only his uncle and aunt were a little jealous. Although they didn't like it, they naturally couldn't refuse this kind of thing, so they also agreed.

Li Mu's uncle and aunt both worked in the tax bureau. In a year, they could earn forty or fifty thousand including salary and benefits. They were a really well-off family and also the best in the Xiao family.

Next was Li Mu's aunt. She couldn't enter the tax bureau in her early years, so she entered the city textile factory. However, the textile factory went bankrupt a few years ago. After she was laid off, she opened a small children's clothing store in an alley. The investment was not big, but the profits were big. It was said that in a year, she could make a net profit of thirty thousand yuan. Among the five people in his mother's generation, his uncle and aunt's family had the best economic conditions, so they were also the most arrogant.

At about five o 'clock in the evening, his uncle, Xiao Yunjian, and his wife, Cai Yanhong, went out together. Xiao Yunjian rode his beloved Dayang motorcycle. After Cai Yanhong sat sideways, Xiao Yunjian asked, "Where is Yuanyuan?

She came back for the summer, but I don't see her all day. "

Cai Yanhong said casually, "I called her. She said she's at her classmate's house. She'll go directly to Haizhou Hotel."

Xiao Yunjian nodded. "Look at this Li Daoping. His son got a high score in the college entrance examination. Look at how smug he is. He even arranged for a guest to be at the Haizhou Hotel. Is that a place he can afford?"

Cai Yanhong patted him on the shoulder. "He's just trying to look impressive. We don't have to worry about him. It's not like we have to pay the bill."

After saying that, Cai Yanhong remembered something and hurriedly said, "Don't be in a hurry to give Li Mu money today. Wait until he gets his acceptance letter and is sure to leave this year before you give it to him. Two years ago, when our Yuanyuan went to university, your little sister gave you 500. Remember this number and give Li Mu 500 when the time comes. Don't give too much."

Xiao Yunjian started the motorcycle and said, "I know. Don't worry." Then, he twisted the accelerator and sped away.

Li Mu's parents deliberately got off work half an hour earlier today. They went home and changed into more formal clothes. Li Mu refused his father's request to wear a shirt and continued to wear the casual style of a loose white T-shirt and black shorts.

The Li family of three arrived at the hotel twenty minutes earlier. Li Mu took advantage of the fact that the others had not arrived to order the dishes first. Basically, he was going the route of a nouveau riche. He ordered the best dishes and the best wine.

Just the seafood and Maotai wine alone cost three thousand yuan. The waiter in charge of ordering was a little surprised, but Li Mu still had a casual expression on his face.

Before coming, Li Mu reminded his parents that he could only talk about his score at the dinner table today and not mention a word about the money he had earned. In addition, no matter what he said at the dinner table, they could not contradict him. They had to follow his words.

Although the request was a little overbearing, Li Mu had his own reasons. He thought it was very simple. Having lived for more than thirty years, he had seen a lot of relatives who seemed to be united on the surface but were actually at odds with each other. There were very few big families that were truly harmonious. He had a lot of dissatisfaction with his uncle and aunt, but he didn't want to embarrass them today. He just wanted to help his father regain the face that he had lost in the Xiao family over the past twenty years, so that they would not look down on his father in the future.

At six o 'clock, eight cold dishes were served on the table. Two bottles of Maotai wine had been opened and placed on the huge round table.

Papa Lee looked at the scene. Although he didn't order the dishes, he knew that his son would spend a lot of money today. Two bottles of Maotai wine alone cost more than a thousand yuan!

Soon, Li Mu's uncle, Xiao Yunshi, arrived with his wife and children, as well as Li Mu's maternal grandparents. Xiao Yunshi's life was ordinary. He worked in the water plant, and his wife, Sun Qinqin, didn't have a formal job and had been doing all kinds of part-time jobs outside. Xiao Yunshi's maternal grandparents were taken care of by them. His maternal grandfather used his retirement salary to subsidize the family's expenses every month. Although it wasn't a lot of money, the five of them lived a very harmonious life. Xiao Yunshi's aunt took good care of them.

After his maternal grandparents arrived, they all praised Li Mu's college entrance exam results, especially his grandmother. She didn't let go of Li Mu's hand the moment she entered the door.

Because of his parents' work, Li Mu grew up with his grandmother, and she doted on him a lot.

"Mu, where are you going to go to college with such a high score?" Grandma held Li Mu's hand and looked proud.

Li Mu answered with a smile, "Grandma, I'm going to Yanjing to study."

"Yanjing is good, it's a big city!" Grandma squinted her eyes and smiled. "Mu is the most promising in our family."

Xiao Yunshi's uncle pointed at his twelve-year-old son, Xiao Hao, who had just graduated from elementary school and said, "Haohao, do you see that? Your cousin is your role model!"

"Last year, you said my sister was my role model."

Xiao Hao curled his lips and snatched Li Mu from his grandmother's hand. He pulled him to the side and asked with a smile, "Brother, when are you free? Take me to the internet cafe to play CS. My dad doesn't give me money. I'm bored to death at home during the summer."

"If your dad doesn't give you money, you'll just stay at home."

Li Mu looked at his cousin with a smile. A few years later, this kid would become a great person. It wasn't because he was doing well, but because he got his girlfriend pregnant when he was in the second year of high school. During the summer, he lied to his father that the school would charge tuition fees, and then secretly took his girlfriend to have an abortion. In the end, his aunt, who was Li Mu's aunt, went to the hospital to deliver food to her father-in-law. She saw him bringing a crying girl into the hospital, so she curiously followed them.

In the end, Xiao Hao was beaten by his father at home, and it was his grandfather who saved him. In the end, this kid's college entrance examination was even worse. As soon as he graduated from high school, his father spent money to send him to the army. In the end, he stayed in the army, and it was said that he was doing well in the army.

At this time, when Xiao Hao saw that Li Mu didn't agree to his request, he curled his lips and said, "You're my only brother. You're really not good enough!"

Li Mu asked, "What do you mean by 'good enough'?"

"Give me ten yuan." Xiao Hao almost blurted out, "You give me ten yuan, and I'll pay you double when I earn money in the future!"

Li Mu looked helpless. This kid had been a smart person since he was a child. When he was in junior high school a few years ago, this kid would come and stick to him when it was a holiday, causing him a headache. Xiao Hao then proposed a solution for himself: he could not stick to him, but he had to give him fifty cents a day, paid every two days.

However, this guy, Xiao Hao, was still very affectionate to Li Mu. As he said, in the Xiao family, he had two older sisters, one from his uncle's family, one from his aunt's family, and a younger brother from his aunt's family. Although they were about the same age as him, the two of them could not pee in the same pot since they were young. As for his mother, he was the oldest among the boys, so he really only had one brother, Li Mu, and he had always respected him when he grew up.

Li Mu thought about it and said to Xiao Hao, "Kid, if you can study hard, work hard for a few years to get into a good university. In the future, your brother will pay for your college tuition; but if you really think that you are not a piece of material for studying, don't rush to make any decisions after high school. Come to me first. If you encounter any difficulties that you can't solve in the middle, remember to find me."

Xiao Hao listened in a daze, but when he heard that his brother actually promised to support him to go to college, he also gave a thumbs up and praised, "Brother, you are really good, but there are still many years to go to college. You should give me ten yuan first!"

Li Mu was stunned. Xiao Hao saw that he did not continue, and hurriedly said, "Brother, I will tell you the truth. I am going to invite our class beauty, Liu Mengmeng, to drink pearl milk tea. Have you tried it before? It's the thing with soybeans in it. It's like QQ candy when you chew it."

Li Mu smacked his lips. That's really good!

He was only in the sixth grade, and he already had this idea. He probably could not escape his father's beating in the future.

However, Li Mu was not stingy. He took a look and saw that no one was paying attention to the two of them. He took out a bill from his pocket and handed it to Xiao Hao.

"You have to be willing to spend money to chase a girl. What's the point of drinking garbage milk tea?

Go treat her to a meal of KFC. "

Xiao Hao was dumbfounded. His cousin was holding a hundred yuan in his hand!

A hundred yuan!

He had never personally controlled even ten yuan in his life. Although he could earn a few hundred yuan in New Year's money every year, it could not enter his pocket at all. In this day and age, a primary school student carrying five yuan was a tycoon, and carrying ten yuan was a nouveau riche!

Xiao Hao was so excited that he trembled a little, and his lips trembled, "Brother, is it really for me?"

Li Mu nodded and stuffed the money into his hand, "Hide it. If your father confiscates it, don't come to me again."

Xiao Hao felt as if he was bathed in the spring breeze in the cold winter. The image of Li Mu in his eyes became incomparably tall, and there were even tears rolling in his eyes.

A moment later, Xiao Hao cupped his fist to Li Mu, "Brother, words cannot express my gratitude. If you need my help in the future, just say the word, even if it's a mountain of knives or a sea of fire, I will not refuse!"

Li Mu sighed in his heart. This kid, at such a young age, has such a strong aura. He is probably destined to have no fate with learning in this life.

— —

PS: Thank you to "Luye", "Illusion God", "Youth Must Be Early", "Funeral of the King" for your tips. Thank you for your support.