Chapter 69

Throughout the afternoon, Zhao Kang had been persuading Li Mu to leave first, but Li Mu insisted on staying at the driving school.

The driving school's rule was that classes would end at six o 'clock on time. At that time, all the instructors' cars had to be driven to the designated parking lot for registration. Therefore, at five o 'clock, Zhao Kang, who was a little nervous, ran out for a long time. When he came back, he was panting and said to Li Mu, "There are a group of people at the gate of the driving school and across the road. There are more than a dozen of them. They look like gangsters. You'd better climb over the wall and leave first."

Hearing this, Su Yingxue immediately said to Li Mu, "I'll call the police. I don't believe they dare to do anything to you when the police come."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Even if the police scare them away today, there will be tomorrow. They didn't break the law before they do anything, so the police can't do anything to them."

"Damn, we can't wait for them to do anything!" Zhao Kang was anxious.

Li Mu smiled, took out his mobile phone, and said to the two of them, "I'll make a call first."

After that, Li Mu walked aside with his mobile phone and dialed Song Liang's number.

At this moment, Li Mu had completely deviated from the values of his previous life. In his eyes, asking Song Liang for help was the best way, and he could kill many birds with one stone. Not only could he solve Guo Yuhang's trouble once and for all, but he could also get closer to Song Liang. He wanted to deepen his friendship with Song Liang before he left, leaving a hidden and strong guarantee for his parents in Haizhou in the future.

Since Song Liang brought Li Mu back to Haizhou last time, he had been waiting for him to contact him. Last time they talked, he was very interested in the young and mature Li Mu, and he had been waiting for the opportunity to have a deeper relationship with him. Coincidentally, he also hoped that Li Mu would ask him for help.

After receiving the call from Li Mu, Song Liang's voice was a little happy. "Brother Li, you finally remembered to call me."

Li Mu said apologetically, "Brother Liang, I'm really sorry. I've been busy lately."

Song Liang smiled and said, "I heard about it. Tianming said that you started a music website. I don't know much about it, but I think it's very trendy."

Li Mu didn't expect that Song Liang would ask Ye Tianming about him. He smiled and said, "The website is one thing. In addition, I have opened a shop in Haizhou. It is now being renovated."

"Oh?

What shop?

Is there anything I can do for you? "Song Liang suddenly became interested. Opening a shop?

This was not simple. An 18-year-old young man could not only find projects on the Internet, but also had the courage to set up a physical store. This made Song Liang think more highly of Li Mu.

Li Mu smiled, "I joined a clothing brand's exclusive store, Metersbonwe. I wonder if Brother Liang has heard of it?"

"I've heard of it. Where was it opened?

How big is it? "

"Ximen Kou, around 170."

Song Liang was shocked.

He knew Metersbonwe very well. Not only Metersbonwe, but he also had a deep understanding of many clothing brands. Although he was currently in the civil real estate business in Hai Zhou, he had been in the commercial real estate business with Ye Youdao in Jinling for many years. He could easily figure out how much it would cost to open a brand store of about 170 square meters at the west gate.

Li Mu's parents were both employees of the Xiling Coal Mine. Song Liang almost instantly concluded that the money for this exclusive store must be earned by Li Mu himself. Although he didn't know how he earned it, Song Liang still had the eyesight and judgment.

"I have more than 100 bus station advertisements in my hand. There are also a few billboards in the city center. If you need it, I can give you free publicity."

In addition to hoarding land, those who were in the real estate business also hoarded advertising resources. Song Liang was also happy to take it out at this time to give Li Mu the icing on the cake.

Li Mu thanked him and said, "Actually, I called you today because I need your help with a little trouble."

"Just ask."

"It's like this. I have an appointment to fight with someone today …"

Li Mu roughly said that he had a little conflict with a rich playboy at the driving school. He beat up the other party, and now the other party wanted to fight with him at the driving school entrance at six o 'clock.

Song Liang immediately said, "I'll go over now. Before I arrive, if anyone wants to fight, just mention my name."

"Okay, thank you, Brother Liang."

After hanging up, Song Liang stared at his phone and muttered to himself, "The son of the Xiling Coal Mine's mine manager. Interesting."

When Li Mu arrived at class, the other students were lining up to familiarize themselves with the gears and accelerator. As soon as Li Mu walked over, Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue hurriedly asked him what he planned to do.

Li Mu looked at the time. "I called a friend. Wait for his call."

Zhao Kang's face was full of worry. "What kind of friend?

How many people can he bring? "

Li Mu shrugged. "I don't know how many people he can bring."

"How can we do that? There are at least a dozen people on the other side …"

Li Mu looked calm. "Let's wait and see first. There's no use thinking so much now."

…

Guo Yuhang sat in Zou Hua's sixth generation Accord and kept staring at the time on his watch.

It was fifteen minutes to six, but Guo Yuhang was starting to get impatient. He asked Zou Hua who was beside him, "Brother Hua, what are you going to do when that kid comes out later?"

Zou Hua said calmly, "My people will control him and give you a chance to take revenge first. After you're done, my people will cripple his arm."

Guo Yuhang nodded. His expression was full of ruthlessness. "Damn it. He's the first person who dares to hit me in my entire life. Moreover, he did it in front of so many people. The more I think about it, the more I can't take it!"

Zou Hua patted his shoulder. "Surround him later. You can hit him to your heart's content."

"I still have to make him kneel down and apologize to me in front of everyone!" Guo Yuhang clenched his teeth. At the same time, he was also waiting for a chance to wipe away his shame.

Zou Hua's mind was filled with the 5,000 tons of coal tickets. He rolled down the window and lit a cigarette. He said to Guo Yuhang, "If he doesn't kneel down, I'll break his legs!"

Guo Yuhang was so excited that his whole body trembled when he heard this.

Zou Hua reached out a hand outside the car and flicked the ash off the cigarette. His eyebrows were full of pride.

At this time, a brand new Audi A6 passed by the Accord and suddenly stopped next to Zou Hua's Accord. The rear window of the Audi was rolled down. A middle-aged man in his thirties glanced at Zou Hua. He had a faint smile on his face. "Yo, it's you, Hua Zi. What are you doing here?"

Zou Hua turned his head and saw the man in the back seat of the Audi. He immediately sat up in shock and greeted respectfully, "Brother Jun."

Then he immediately threw away the cigarette in his hand and got out of the car. He stood outside the Audi's window and said with a flattering face, "Brother Jun, what are you doing here?"

"I'm just passing by. What about you?"

Zou Hua hurriedly said, "One of my brothers had some conflicts with someone. I'm here to help him settle it."

"Oh, not bad."

The man called Brother Jun nodded with a fake smile. Then he pointed at Hua Zi's Accord and asked, "Hua Zi, did you buy this car recently?"

Zou Hua rubbed his hands and said with a smile, "Yes, Brother Jun. I just bought it."

"Alright, go on with your business."

After Brother Jun finished speaking, he rolled up the window and let the driver drive away. Zou Hua didn't forget to wave at the back of the car and shouted, "Brother Jun, take care."

Sitting back in his Accord, Guo Yuhang asked in a low voice with a face full of surprise, "Brother Hua, is that Zhang Wanjun?"

"That's right." Zou Hua nodded with a face full of yearning.

Guo Yuhang was shocked. Zhang Wanjun was recognized as the number one figure in Haizhou. He was extremely famous in Haizhou. Although Guo Yuhang had never seen him, he had always heard of him.

"Brother Hua, you even know Zhang Wanjun?"

Zou Hua's expression was a little smug, "I know him. I often go to Brother Jun's place to play. I'm very familiar with him."

Guo Yuhang knew that the place Zou Hua was talking about was an illegal casino. Hearing that Zou Hua was very familiar with Zhang Wanjun, he looked at Zou Hua with a bit more admiration.

"Brother Hua, when will you have the chance to take me to Brother Jun's place to see the world?"

"When this is done, bring me the coal receipt. I'll put on a show and treat Brother Jun to a meal. I'll bring you along."

Zou Hua spoke without thinking, but Guo Yuhang firmly believed him. He nodded repeatedly, full of expectation.

— —