Chapter 561

There were too many fights between internet companies. There were even cases of hackers secretly attacking each other's websites and servers. But for the entire industry, this was the first time they saw something like Makino Technology.

First of all, Muye Technology was very gentlemanly this time. They didn't attack Sina in any way. They just wanted to erase Sina from their products. Not to mention that the laws and regulations of the Internet were not perfect yet. Even if they were, there would be no way to punish Muye Technology. They could do whatever they wanted with their own product line. So this time, Sina was destined to suffer a huge loss.

Secondly, Muye Technology was indeed too cunning. Their shielding logic had been studied by a group of Internet users for an entire morning before they figured it out. When they finally understood Muye Technology's genius-level shielding logic, their admiration for Muye Technology was like a raging river. At the same time, they also mourned for Sina in their hearts. Sina had been completely defeated by Muye Technology this time.

Sina immediately held an emergency meeting to discuss how to deal with Makino Technology's sudden attack. Chen Tong was in a bad mood. He had told them not to do UC and not to compete with Makino Technology. But no one in the room cared about him. Instead, they mocked and ridiculed him. Now, Makino Technology did not make a move, but the moment it made a move, it went straight for his hard work. Chen Tong was naturally furious.

At the start of the meeting, Sina's technical director announced a set of server's latest monitoring data. Since Makino Technology started to target Sina, Sina's traffic had decreased by 26% compared to the average for the same period of the month!

One sentence, and everyone was shocked!

Those senior executives who used to be full of confidence were stunned. No one expected that a quarter of their website's traffic would be blocked by Makino Technology, and this was just the beginning.

Sina was a listed company on Nasdaq. The US stock market was now using daylight saving time. Nasdaq opened at 9: 30 pm in Beijing. What happened today would soon spread to the capital market. At that time, Sina's share price would probably …

F * ck, this was unimaginable!

The CEO immediately went berserk. "The most important thing now is to solve this problem!

If we can't solve it today, the stock price will definitely crash when NASDAQ opens! "

For a portal website, a quarter of its traffic was cut in one day. This was simply bullsh * t!

Not to mention that everyone here was shocked, once the investors in the United States found out about this news, they would probably fly into a rage, right?

A listed company was most afraid of investors losing confidence. Once investors lost confidence, no one could pull back the downward trend.

Chen Tong's heart was bleeding. This was an undeserved calamity!

It was definitely an undeserved calamity!

Sina was his child, and because these greedy people wanted to snatch the shares from Makino Technology, Makino Technology had targeted Sina directly. Now, everyone was panicking. What were they doing earlier?

The person-in-charge of the UC project, Xu Jinzhong, had argued with Chen Tong during a meeting when they were discussing whether to snatch the QQ team from Makino Technology. At that time, he was determined to start the UC project and wanted to make a big deal out of it. He even mocked Chen Tong for opposing the UC project because he was afraid of being implicated. But now, he was very nervous. He was afraid that Chen Tong would settle the score with him. So, he immediately said righteously. "I suggest that we let the legal department draft an official letter to Makino Technology to reprimand them for their actions. Ask them to stop harming Sina!

Warn them that if they continue to harm Sina, we will use the law to defend ourselves! "

A group of people looked at him like they were looking at an idiot, especially the person-in-charge of the legal department. He asked Xu Jinzhong with an expression as if he had been fed sh * t, "CEO Xu, can you tell us which law Makino Technology violated?

They didn't even say a word to attack us. They only blocked us in their own product system. If they can sue them for harming our interests, then we can also sue CCTV. Why didn't they add Sina in their advertisement? "

Xu Jinzhong was speechless.

He only wanted to change the topic and let everyone be angry at Makino Technology, so that Chen Tong wouldn't have a chance to bring up the past. He didn't expect that his words were so untechnical. He was despised by so many people for no reason.

At this time, Chen Tong said with a sullen face, "Makino Technology made such a big move. It must be because we poached the QQ team at a high price and insisted on developing UC. YY is the core of all of Makino Technology's products and business model. If we threaten their core interests, they will attack our core business. I still have the same words as before. Giving up on developing UC is the only way to solve the problem!"

Xu Jinzhong heard this and immediately became anxious. He asked Chen Tong, "You mean to disband the UC team and destroy the product that we invested so much manpower, energy, financial resources, and material resources to develop?"

Chen Tong nodded without hesitation. "Only this way can we have a chance to solve the current predicament."

Xu Jinzhong said angrily, "Chen Tong, don't try to scare us here. Makino Technology is not a kind person. I think it's fake that they want to take revenge on us. They want to imitate us to make a web portal!

Do you think that if we stop developing UC and raise our hands in surrender, they will stop?

Stop dreaming! "

Xu Jinzhong was only trying his best to defend his territory and try his best to absolve himself from responsibility. He did not expect that he would accidentally hit the nail on the head of Li Mu's real intention.

Li Mu was never afraid of UC. This product could not beat QQ in his previous life. It was simply a pipe dream to want to compete with his YY in this life. Li Mu only wanted to use UC as a warning to others. He did not want to be the only one in the field of instant messaging. Therefore, he had to make a move against Sina and let the whole industry remember his style of doing things. In addition, he really needed a web portal to support the future development of Makino Technology in the PC field. Therefore, even if Sina gave up on their own martial arts, got rid of UC and raised their hands in surrender, Li Mu would never give up on making a web portal.

Now Li Mu's intention was very clear. Sina must stop developing UC and then watch him go online on the YY web portal. Do you feel stifled?

That's right.

After a meeting, they did not manage to find any substantial solution.

Li Mu always had this kind of ability to force his opponents into an unsolvable situation. Li Mu blocked Sina from Makino Technology's product line. Sina did not even have a theoretical basis to protest, let alone retaliate.

However, time was very tight for Sina. If this problem could not be solved before Nasdaq opened, then the consequences would be severe.

Sina's CEO really wanted to have a chat with Li Mu. He had not guessed that Li Mu also wanted to make a web portal. He only thought that Li Mu was purely taking revenge. In order to defend his absolute position in YY, he launched a fatal attack on UC which was not even online yet. Now, he had to admit that in his heart, he had already compromised. He really wanted to express his position to Li Mu: As long as Li Mu stopped blocking Sina from his own product system, he was willing to immediately disband the UC team and kick out Liu Xuebin and his team, whom Li Mu wanted but was poached by him at a high price, out of Sina.

Therefore, he came up with two strategies in the meeting, either appease Sina or fight to the death.

If he chose appease, then he would immediately surrender, cede territory and pay reparations, and sacrifice UC to protect the portal. But the premise was that Li Mu was willing to accept it.

If he chose to fight to the death, there was actually no need to fight for his life. You quietly messed with me and made me suffer such a big loss. If you really don't give me a way out, then I will give up the 26% of traffic and think of all kinds of ways and ways to cause trouble for Makino Technology in all kinds of fields. Therefore, based on these two strategies, he came up with two sets of execution plans.

First, he was going to immediately contact Makino Technology and personally go to meet Li Mu. He would take the initiative to cede territory and pay reparations, and give up UC as a condition in exchange for Li Mu's leniency towards Sina. However, he also wanted Chen Tong to lead the editorial department of the portal to immediately start preparing a special article. He was going to use the platform of Sina to launch a public opinion war against Makino Technology. The content of the article not only had to magnify the fact that Makino Technology deliberately targeted Sina, but it also had to summarize the various despicable means that Makino Technology used in the Internet industry over the past year. If he took a step back and Li Mu still did not relent, then he would use the portal's influence to turn Makino Technology into a public target.

Chen Tong was not interested in the second plan because he knew that although YY did not have its own portal, it already had the ability to deliver information based on all product lines. This was different from Sina portal. Sina portal's content was passively delivered. It could only deliver the content that it wanted to convey to Sina and wait for users to receive it. However, Makino Technology was the opposite. Its information delivery was active, and it directly delivered the information to all YY users.

Therefore, in comparison, Chen Tong felt that YY's information delivery ability and delivery rate was much higher than Sina. If Sina started a public opinion war with Makino Technology, the one who would win was more likely to be Makino Technology.

Based on this level of consideration, Chen Tong expressed his opinion again. He first stated his opinion, then concluded, "I think we should not prepare for a full-scale war with Makino Technology for the time being. If we start a full-scale war, the chances of us winning are very small. Moreover, if we take the initiative to declare war on Makino Technology through public opinion, in the eyes of the public, we are not defending ourselves, but initiating a dispute. After all, Makino Technology did not publish any content about Sina from the beginning to the end, nor did they make any offensive remarks against Sina. They only blocked Sina from their product lines. If we take the initiative to launch a public opinion war against Makino Technology, how can we win the public's sympathy?"