Chapter 154

Zhang Qing stared at Li Mu, who was getting closer and closer. He couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. Li Mu was alone. He didn't go with his roommates.

A moment of hesitation flashed through Zhang Qing's mind. He originally wanted to give up temporarily and wait for the next time when Li Mu was with his roommates. After all, the nature of a group fight was much worse. However, he thought about it again. Sun Tan had been telling him that once Li Mu built 3321, no one could touch him. Although Zhang Qing wasn't very smart, he could also guess the meaning. Even Sun Tan was worried that Li Mu would become stronger, which proved that 3321 was really amazing. Once Li Mu built 3321, he would have the best shield. It would be extremely difficult to find trouble with him in the future.

After thinking about this, Zhang Qing didn't dare to delay anymore. Otherwise, if Li Mu built a golden body with 3321, he would regret it for the rest of his life.

So Zhang Qing gritted his teeth and walked toward Li Mu. When he was about twenty to thirty meters away from Li Mu, a man suddenly appeared on the side of the road. He stood between him and Li Mu and quickly walked toward Li Mu.

Li Mu only cared about walking, so he didn't see Zhang Qing who was walking toward him. However, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him, which made him involuntarily stop. At this time, the figure in front of him laughed and said, "Brother, you didn't expect it, did you?"

Li Mu was stunned and realized that the person in front of him was actually Song Liang.

"Brother Liang, how did you …"

Li Mu was also dumbfounded. Although he had called Song Liang before and the two of them made an appointment to sign the contract in Yanjing, he didn't expect that Song Liang would come directly to his school without telling him, and it was just below his dormitory.

Song Liang laughed and went forward to pat Li Mu's shoulder. He said with a smile, "I didn't want to come today, but Tianming's father happened to be coming to Yanjing to attend the Real Estate Top 50 Summit tomorrow. He insisted that I go with him, so I did as he said."

Li Mu said, "Then why don't you give me a call?"

Song Liang waved his hand and said, "Your brother just had nothing to do, so I came to take a walk and give you a surprise. Are you free? Let's go out and find a place to drink?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Okay, it's my treat. You can't rush to pay."

Song Liang also smiled. "I'm the Boy of Wealth who gives you money. You'll definitely pay for a midnight snack."

While the two of them were talking, Zhang Qing had already quietly approached them. He did not know Song Liang, but he could see that the two of them definitely knew each other and had a good relationship. This was good as well. If he could force the two of them to fight, it would be done. He could take a beating, take revenge, and get closer to Sun Tan. It was worth it.

Zhang Qing walked past Li Mu quickly. When he passed by Li Mu, he suddenly hit Li Mu's side with his elbow, which almost made Li Mu stagger. His left arm was in pain and he almost fell.

Li Mu thought to himself, "Which bastard is so blind? How can he hit me on such a wide road?" He looked up and saw that it was Zhang Qing.

Li Mu didn't think much about it. He just felt that it was a coincidence.

Zhang Qing hit Li Mu and looked Li Mu in the eyes. He suddenly shouted, "Are you looking for death?

How dare you block my way?! "

Li Mu instinctively frowned.

"Did this kid take the wrong medicine or get high?

"Didn't he behave himself after being beaten last time?

"What's wrong with him today?"

Before Li Mu reacted, Zhang Qing scolded again, "F * ck you. I'm asking you a question. Are you mute?"

Li Mu was angry. "This bastard hit me and scolded me. I can't bear it." He almost couldn't control himself and wanted to slap him. But before Li Mu could do it, Song Liang suddenly slapped Zhang Qing's face and frowned, "Did your mother just give birth to you?

Uneducated thing. "

Zhang Qing was slapped by Song Liang. His face hurt, but he was a little excited. "Good!

I was afraid that he wouldn't do it. If he did, everything would be fine!

"You're the only one left, Li Mu!"

So, Zhang Qing ignored Song Liang who had just slapped him and continued to scold, "Li Mu, you coward …"

"Pa!"

Song Liang slapped him again and then pushed Li Mu aside. He stood in front of Zhang Qing and opened his handbag. He took out a stack of hundred-yuan bills and waved them in front of Zhang Qing. He said with a cold face, "This is about four or five thousand yuan. I'll give you two choices. One is to take the money and leave. The other is that I'll use this money to find two people outside to tear your mouth apart."

Zhang Qing was stunned.

He originally wanted to provoke Li Mu and make Li Mu do something to him. He didn't expect that this person, who seemed to be Li Mu's friend, would slap him twice in succession and then suddenly take out such a stack of money and say such words. Zhang Qing looked at Song Liang carefully. This person was very well-dressed and had a good temperament. At first glance, he could tell that he was a successful person. Moreover, there were thousands of yuan in cash in his bag, which made him feel that Song Liang was not an ordinary person.

Song Liang's words were plain, but his expression was very gloomy. Zhang Qing didn't think that the man in front of him was joking with him at all. He just didn't know how to respond to Song Liang's words now. He didn't dare to take the money because he wasn't sure what kind of person Song Liang was. He didn't know whether he would be fooled by Song Liang if he took the thousands of yuan. However, the second half of Song Liang's words made him even more frightened. There were a lot of things that could be done with thousands of yuan at the moment. It might not necessarily be able to hire a killer, but there were still a lot of people who would fight to cripple someone.

Zhang Qing was suddenly in a dilemma. He didn't expect that he would meet such a guy who made people feel scared just by looking at him.

At this time, Song Liang took out a Benz car key from his bag and shook it in front of Zhang Qing. He said with contempt and coldness, "If you don't get out of here in three seconds, you must look around when you cross the road after leaving the school gate."

After hearing this, Zhang Qing turned around and ran away.

He wasn't Zhang Qing. He came to dig a hole for Li Mu with premeditation, but Li Mu didn't come to show off in front of him with premeditation. In this case, he couldn't afford to offend a man who carried thousands of yuan in cash and a Benz car key. If he didn't run away and was hit by a Benz one day, he wouldn't be able to cry even if he cried.

Seeing Zhang Qing run away, Song Liang smiled and said to Li Mu, "You see, sometimes learning some social tricks may come in handy."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "That guy's face turned green because of you."

Song Liang smiled and asked, "Do you have a problem with that guy?"

"I beat him."

Song Liang nodded and said, "I stood here for more than 20 minutes, and he was always there. I don't know how long he has been here, but he must have arrived earlier than me. As soon as he saw you, he walked towards you. I guess he wants to make trouble for you."

Li Mu frowned and said, "He may have taken the wrong medicine. He is not looking for trouble, he is looking for a beating."

In Li Mu's view, Zhang Qing shouldn't have this kind of courage, so he was even more surprised by what he did today.

On the way out of the school gate, Li Mu told Song Liang about the past conflicts between him and Zhang Qing. After hearing it, Song Liang's eyebrows were twisted into a ball. "He waited for so long today. He shouldn't have just bumped into you. As soon as he bumped into you, he spoke arrogantly. He must have wanted to provoke you. He knew that you might be beaten if he angered you, but he still did it. This is not the logic of a normal person. There must be something wrong when something is abnormal. You should be careful."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I also feel that something is wrong. I will find a way to figure it out later."

Song Liang said with a smile, "You have to be vigilant. Don't be careless, or you may fall into someone else's trap. Today, this person was so abnormal. Maybe he set a trap for you. It's just that his acting is not good enough. He used too much force and was a little impatient."

After a pause, Song Liang said, "In fact, it is very simple to deal with this kind of person. Directly spend some money to take down the people around him. In that way, what he is thinking about will be clear. Sometimes, to deal with children of this age, you have to be simple and rough. You can't play any strategy with him. It's a waste of brain cells. Things that you can't figure out in a few days may be solved with a little money. You have to learn to use means."

Li Mu nodded. Song Liang was right. Sometimes, it was easy for him to complicate things. In terms of social experience, he naturally couldn't compare to Song Liang, who had been in the real estate industry for so many years.

Li Mu chose a Yuzhou hot pot restaurant outside the school gate. The two of them ordered some beer. After a bottle of beer, Song Liang asked Li Mu, "Did you offend anyone in school?"

Li Mu said with a bitter smile, "What do you think is offending?

For example, someone likes Su Yingxue. After being repeatedly rejected, he began to hate me. What do you think I can do when I meet someone like that? "

Song Liang nodded slightly in understanding and asked, "Makino Technology is valued at 50 million. Is it because of this that people are jealous?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I didn't tell anyone about Mu Ye. Only my childhood friend knows about it."

Li Mu immediately thought of Project 3321. He didn't hide anything about this project. From the beginning, he had led a group of people to work on it. Could it be that he had offended someone?

However, even if he had offended someone, he couldn't have offended someone like Zhang Qing, right?

Seeing Li Mu frown, Song Liang couldn't help but ask, "What are you thinking about?"

Li Mu told Song Liang about his work on Project 3321.

Song Liang listened for a long time without saying anything. His eyes stared straight at Li Mu. His stare made Li Mu's hair stand on end.

"Brother Liang, why do you keep staring at me like that?"

Song Liang calmed down and solemnly asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, do you want to enter politics in the future?"

"Why do you ask?"

Song Liang said, "The National People's Congress has always been the cradle of politicians. There are many students from this university who want to enter politics. Moreover, this Project 3321 you are working on is simply a rocket that you built in advance for your future in politics."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "I don't have any intentions of entering politics or making money with this project. I mainly hope to do something that will be of practical help to the current generation of university students."