Chapter 1615

Foreign media swarmed to report and comment on Taobao Logistics. This news was so popular that it even exceeded the news of William's visit.

People marveled at the advanced and foresight of a private enterprise in Hua Xia. At the same time, it greatly improved the people's view of Hua Xia.

Many western countries, even Japan and South Korea, did not understand the speed of economic development of Hua Xia. Many people thought of Hua Xia in this era, and their impression was still of the backward scene in the 60s and 70s. They knew very little about Hua Xia, but they had a very backward prejudice against Hua Xia.

Now, Taobao Logistics could be regarded as opening the tip of the iceberg of Hua Xia's economic development.

A local logistics company based in Hua Xia could achieve such a high level of automation and information technology. This news surprised people all over the world, but it also made people realize that Hua Xia was no longer the backward image in their impression. They were already on the road to rapid rise.

The domestic media, especially Yang Ma, was particularly interested in the hot news of Taobao Logistics overseas. Out of pride, pride, and the purpose of cultivating private enterprises and national confidence, they also began to intensively report on the various praises won by Taobao Logistics overseas on their own channels.

This feeling, in Li Mu's view, was very similar to the scene when Hua Xia's high-speed railway went out of the country and was praised by the world. It was praised overseas, and it was also praised domestically. The national pride was greatly enhanced because of the high-speed railway's "going out". On the Internet, there were often posts from foreign social media sites that moved comments on Hua Xia's high-speed railway from foreign netizens. This was because the people were also eager to know the views of foreigners on Hua Xia's high-speed railway, and they hoped to see Hua Xia's high-speed railway conquer them.

At this stage, Taobao Logistics had basically achieved the same effect.

The crazy pursuit of foreign media also made many leaders particularly interested in Taobao Logistics. For a time, there were countless inspection intentions.

Li Mu was very satisfied with this result. Taobao Logistics becoming a star enterprise indicated that Taobao Logistics could get more favorable policies at the national or local level in the future. The country would give more support and encouragement, and the local would also give more preferential treatment and support.

Li Mu hoped to get support from the national and local governments. It was not that he wanted to take advantage of the government, but he knew that if he wanted Taobao Logistics to develop rapidly, he must have the full support of the national and local governments. The more land, resources, and policies, the faster Taobao Logistics could grow.

Next, Taobao Logistics still needed a lot of support from the country, such as the establishment of an airline company, the establishment of an on-site sorting center in the hub airport, the application for future cargo routes, and even the establishment of its own cargo airport in the central hub city of China in a few years or a decade later. If these could get support from the country, the efficiency would be greatly improved.

Just when Taobao Logistics made the world look at it, Liu Shixiong visited the railway department with Li Mu's order and made a request to the railway department for Taobao Logistics' future express luggage and parcel trains.

Originally, he thought that it would not be easy to get the assistance of the railway department, but what Liu Shixiong did not expect was that the railway department gave full recognition and support to the request made by Taobao Logistics.

The leader in charge of the whole speed increase said on the spot that Taobao Logistics was the pride of private enterprises and the new business card of private enterprises in Hua Xia. The railway department was willing to do its part to help Taobao Logistics to a higher level.

Therefore, in the meeting room, the map designer of the speed increase was called. He took the railway map and asked Liu Shixiong, "Tell me, how many express luggage and parcel trains do you want, and where are they going? We have a limited number of DF11Gs in the first batch. In addition to the direct express trains that have already been booked, we can provide you with a maximum of ten sets of locomotives and car chassis in the first batch."

Speaking up to this point, the designer explained, "Mr. Liu, don't think it's too little. In the second half of the year, Qishuyan Locomotive Factory will increase production, and there will be more and more DF11Gs. Also, the transfer of Bombardier's technology will be settled soon. At that time, all three locomotive factories in the country will produce 25T car chassis at the same time. We will adjust the product structure and increase the proportion of luggage cars …"

Senior Brother Liu was dumbfounded. He thought that he would be lucky if he could take the two routes from Yan Jing to Shanghai and from Shanghai to Yang Cheng. If he could not do it, he could make two separate trips first. Because the speed of the express luggage train could ensure that the journey from Yan Jing to Shanghai would be controlled within 12 hours and from Yang Cheng to Shanghai would be controlled within 20 hours.

He never dreamed that the railway department would give him ten sets of luggage and parcel trains. This made Liu Shixiong very excited.

If there were only four groups, he would not hesitate to choose the two groups from Yan Jing to Shanghai and from Shanghai to Yangcheng. But now that there were ten groups, he still wanted to discuss with Li Mu about the distribution of the remaining six groups and hear his opinion.

The designer smiled and said, "It's okay, Mr. Liu. You don't have to worry. The speed increase is expected to start early next year. You still have time to think about it. Just tell me your conclusion before December."

Liu Shixiong immediately breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly said, "Thank you so much. I'll go back and talk to my colleagues in the company about how to distribute the remaining six sets of train chassis."

The designer nodded and said, "I'll leave you with my contact number. After you come to a conclusion, we'll arrange a time to meet and talk about it."

…

While Liu Shixiong was talking to the railway department, Li Mu and William visited his alma mater, Renmin University.

William had two purposes for visiting Renmin University. The first was naturally to conduct an academic visit and exchange, and the second was to inspect 3321, because 3321's operation center had always been in the National People's Congress.

Since the National People's Congress was Li Mu's alma mater, and Li Mu was still a student of the National People's Congress, William attached great importance to this visit.

The National People's Congress was also very concerned about William's visit. The school had specially made a lot of preparations, hoping to use this opportunity to show its face both at home and abroad.

In fact, the National People's Congress was considered one of the top universities in Hua Xia, and it was also next to Tsinghua University and Yan University. However, its reputation overseas was worlds apart from those two neighbors. Those two's reputation was only so-so, so the National People's Congress was even more unknown.

Moreover, the National People's Congress's hardware was not very good. Compared to Tsinghua University and Yan University, it seemed shabby and did not have any grandeur.

After Li Mu accompanied William to the National People's Congress, he accompanied William to visit the entire campus of the National People's Congress and visited 3321's operation center. Then, they arrived at the National People's Congress's auditorium. William was going to give a short speech to the students of the National People's Congress.

As the person who had invited William to China, Li Mu made a simple opening for William in front of all the teachers and students.

He said, "First of all, I am very honored to be able to return to my alma mater with Prince William today and introduce to him my alma mater, People's University. People's University is an institution of higher learning with a long history. Perhaps before this, people overseas did not know much about the National People's Congress. I hope that through Prince William's visit this time, People's University's international reputation will be enhanced.

"Secondly, Prince William is a young leader of the new generation who pays great attention to the development of education. He is now determined to introduce 3321's model to the UK and provide an opportunity for the vast number of students in the UK to realize their knowledge. I personally agree with him on this point. We both hope to contribute to the education of our country and the world's young people. Therefore, I also hope that Prince William can maintain a long-term relationship and cooperation with Hua Xia University and Hua Xia University students. Although we are all here as individuals, I still hope that through Prince William's visit, we can closely connect Hua Xia University and British higher education.

"Finally, let us welcome Prince William with a round of applause."

William was a little nervous facing the students of the National People's Congress and the cameras of the Hua Xia media.

Before Li Mu customized a development path for him, he had never attracted so much attention from the media.

After calming himself down, William said nervously, "Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you to the students and staff of People's University. Thank you to Mr. Lee Li Mu. This is my first time coming to Hua Xia University and also my first time coming to Hua Xia University. Today, I came here with a learning attitude. I hope to learn new knowledge and concepts from all of you. I also hope to learn from the development of the National People's Congress and 3321 that will be of practical help to education.

"England and Hua Xia are both countries with a long history. They are also countries that place great importance on education. Hua Xia has a brilliant civilization and representative oriental knowledge. I'm personally very obsessed with Hua Xia's culture. At the same time, I'm also actively learning Mandarin. I hope to go further on the path of learning Hua Xia's culture in the future."

A few opening remarks helped William win the recognition of the students present. It was indeed very rare for a young member of the royal family to have such a subjective sense of modesty and a mature mentality that was neither arrogant nor rash.

William then said, "When I came to Hua Xia and the National People's Congress, I saw that the young people of Hua Xia were the same as the young people of Europe. They were all greedily absorbing knowledge and investing in creating value. I'm personally very touched. I also very much hope that the young people of our two countries can have more exchanges in this field. Therefore, I've been communicating with the universities in England, hoping to facilitate such cooperation and exchanges."