Chapter 148

"Student Aid" was a campus project that Sun Tan and Wu Shuai started. Its main purpose was to help the National People's Congress students work while studying. They would provide some job opportunities on and off campus to the needy students. Under the guise of student aid, they actually relied on this project to create a noble image in front of the school leaders. At the same time, they would secretly make money for themselves through the students.

Sun Tan was also a senior this year. His family was quite influential in Yanjing. His family's original plan was for him to take the civil service examination after graduation. Sun Tan was a student of the School of Economics, so his family arranged for him to take the civil service examination of the Ministry of Commerce. However, even if Sun Tan's family was wealthy, the possibility of him directly entering the Ministry of Commerce was still very low. Therefore, Sun Tan needed to fight for some special competitive capital before graduation.

The so-called special competitive capital was other than academic performance, honor and achievements. Sun Tan's goal was to be selected as one of the top ten students in Yanjing in March next year. If he won this honor in Yanjing where there were many universities, he would be confident of entering the Ministry of Commerce.

The assessment criteria for the top ten students in the past years were mainly based on morality, and the requirements were very strict. To exaggerate a little, even three primary school students who jumped into the river to save might not be selected, unless the rescuer himself died.

Since his second year in university, Sun Tan had been thinking about how to become one of the top ten students, but he had not found a suitable entry point. It was not until last year's selection that a student from Yanjing who ran a cold drink bar in the university was selected, that Sun Tan was inspired.

The student from Yanjing bought a few simple cold drink machines through his part-time job and placed them in the major sports fields of the university. He hired a few needy students to take turns selling cold drinks, and the profits were used to support other students. Once this model was launched, it was sought after and supported by many university students. Therefore, in just a year, it developed to six universities and 20 cold drink machines, and supported more than 80 needy students at the same time.

With the support of this story, the student from Yanjing got one of the top ten students last year. Sun Tan felt that he could also do this kind of thing, and he could do it better.

Therefore, Renmin University's "Student Aid Gang" was born in May of this year. Sun Tan wanted to use the "Student Aid Gang" to accumulate some reputation for himself, and from the looks of it, the "Student Aid Gang" was developing very smoothly. With the authority of the Student Union, the "Student Aid Gang" had helped hundreds of poor students find part-time jobs on and off campus.

Moreover, Sun Tan also discovered a profit model. By exporting the campus labor force, he brought Wu Shuai and a few other confidants to make a lot of money from it. Although he was not short of money, this profit helped him to support a group of confidants.

This series of methods made him think of himself as a business genius. Originally, he had already communicated with his relatives in the management of the National People's Congress to continue operating the "Student Aid Gang". In January of next year, he would help the "Student Aid Gang" to report the outstanding deeds of the "Student Aid Gang" and participate in the Top Ten University Awards next year.

Originally, Sun Tan thought that by next January, the total number of students that the Student Aid Association had 'helped' would exceed a thousand. This was definitely a very impressive number, and he believed that it would definitely shock the Top Ten University Student Evaluation Committee. However, he never dreamed that something like this would appear out of nowhere.

Today, someone on campus suddenly promoted a website called 3321. Sun Tan saw the promotional slogan of the other party and curiously went to do some research. Once he understood it, he was shocked and broke into a cold sweat. 3321's model was really too awesome. Its business model was much better than his "Student Aid", and it could help students create more value. Sun Tan hurriedly went back to the dormitory, turned on the computer, and logged into 3321's website. When he saw that 3321's website actually had a complete set of functions, he was even more shocked and broke into a cold sweat.

He could foresee that if 3321 was really promoted, it would have a great impact on the circle of university students. As long as it was promoted, it would definitely grow into a giant. His "Student Aid" was simply like an ant in front of it.

If 3321 was in front of him, it would be impossible for him to participate in the Top Ten University Students Through Student Aid. This threat was really too big!

Wu Shuai also relied on the "Student Aid" to a certain extent. He was the second-in-command of the "Student Aid". Once Sun Tan graduated next year, he would completely take over the "Student Aid". At that time, not only would the "Student Aid"'s income be controlled by him, but the remaining honor would also be his.

Wu Shuai was also in his third year of university this year. Although there were still two years before graduation, his credits were far from the level of a super genius like Dong Ai. A super genius's credits were all above 3.4. The school's minimum for a postgraduate recommendation was 2.8. With his academic results, he could at most get a little more than 2 points. There was no hope for a postgraduate recommendation at all. Therefore, he began to plan his own little scheme. He wanted to rely on the "Student Aid" to get a high moral guarantee.

There were many precedents for this in the National People's Congress. Although the credits were not high, the students who were of high moral character and had a certain amount of influence in the school had a certain chance of succeeding in the postgraduate recommendation.

Because of this, while Sun Tan was nervous, Wu Shuai was also very nervous.

He hurriedly climbed out of bed, opened his laptop, and logged into the website of 3321.

Half an hour later, Wu Shuai roughly figured out the operating model of 3321. His current mood was the same as Sun Tan's, angry and desperate.

…

The one-day promotion came to an end on Saturday. Originally, the working hours that Li Mu had set for everyone was from 9 am to 12 pm, and from 1 pm to 6 pm, a total of eight hours. However, there were too many interested students. The four universities were busy until 8 pm before closing up.

Li Mu set up two tables in a high-end restaurant in Beijing to reward all the participants for today.

Most of the people received the information that Li Mu had a rich cousin as an investor. Therefore, no one was polite with him and rushed to the gathering place from various universities.

Su Yingxue came, and so did Zhao Ziqiu. This was the first time these two perfect women met. It was a feast for the eyes of the men present. Li Mu did not feel anything special, but Zhao Ziqiu felt an unusual sense of crisis in her heart.

In terms of appearance, there was almost no difference between the two. In terms of figure, Zhao Ziqiu was naturally much better. In terms of temperament, Su Yingxue was more elegant like an orchid. On this point, Zhao Ziqiu felt a little ashamed. Because of her figure, she always felt that her temperament in the eyes of the opposite sex was replaced by those dirty thoughts.

When Su Yingxue saw Zhao Ziqiu, she was also very surprised. However, she was calmer than Zhao Ziqiu. She was just curious how Li Mu knew such a beautiful girl. Most importantly, her figure was amazing. This made her feel that there was a gap between her and Zhao Ziqiu.

Many women were born with self-confidence and inferiority complex. Even these two beauties were no exception.

Li Mu, on the other hand, was only thinking about 3321. Before the two tables of banquet started, he raised his glass and said excitedly to the crowd, "First toast, I want to thank everyone for your hard work today. Our 3321 technical support has given me the latest data. As of 10 minutes ago, a total of 4500 college students have registered with 3321. Among them, there are 1380 who have completed all their information!"

A few thousand people registered. This number was nothing in the eyes of the internet, but in Li Mu's eyes, these few thousand people were the same as the millions of traffic and registered users of Easy Hearing and Tieba. It was very meaningful.

Today, all the participants were also very excited. To them, 3321 was not as simple as a part-time job. It was very meaningful. It made everyone present feel a sense of mission.

Everyone raised their glasses. The guys drank beer while the girls drank soft drinks. They clinked their glasses and downed their drinks in one gulp. Li Mu then said, "Based on how attractive and influential our 3321 is to university students, I think we can change our advertising strategy tomorrow."

Han Xiaoxiao smiled and asked, "Li Zong, what's the routine tomorrow?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "We've settled the top four universities in Beijing today. Tomorrow, we'll still have four waves of people. We'll go to eight universities in the morning and afternoon. Beijing Aerospace University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Hua Xia Agricultural University, Peking Union Medical College, University of Science and Technology, Jiaotong University, and so on. Four hours of promotional time for each school should be enough."

Liu Nian asked, "Mu Ge, the students are very concerned. There are still a bunch of people surrounding us at 8 PM. How can four hours be enough?"

Li Mu smiled. When he saw the smile on Zhao Kang's face, as if he had seen through everything, he said, "Zhao Kang, tell Liu Nian."

Zhao Kang laughed and said, "The reason is simple. It's word of mouth. Although we haven't officially started using our model, it's very popular among the students. Naturally, there's an initial word of mouth. In this case, we don't need to personally spread it to every student in the school. After spreading it to a portion of the students, the word of mouth will form an effect, and it will snowball."

Everyone was enlightened.

Li Mu gave a thumbs up to Zhao Kang. After managing Douban for so long, Zhao Kang had seen through the internet more and more. It had great potential.

Li Mu's intention was to use this kind of word-of-mouth spread among the students to compress their promotional cycle and save their promotional costs. From the beginning, this model was made with the university students in mind. Therefore, there were many aspects that were tilted towards them. It was certain that it would be popular among the students, but the biggest key was still the students' parents.

Compared to the younger generation, they were not very receptive to new things. They had a natural fear and worry about subverting the traditional model. They were weak in online operations, and they did not have enough trust in the younger generation. These were the Land Rover's obstacles in the development of 3321. The real target was this group. Moreover, the core of the entire business model was also on them. After all, the money had to come out of their pockets.