Chapter 1482

Li Mu's theory of nuclear blackmail shocked Larry Page greatly. Li Mu's metaphor of kidnappers, US $10 million ransom, US $200 pistol, and US $1 bullet also terrified Larry Page.

Muye & was the bullet that Li Mu aimed at Larry Page's temple. It did not have much practical value, but it was extremely important to Google.

Now, Li Mu priced Muye & at one-third of Google's market value. Although this would cost Google a lot of money, it would not kill Google.

Larry Page did not want to think about how much impact Li Mu would have on Muye &. No matter how he thought about it, there was only one result. Under Li Mu's all-out attack, Google would be seriously injured, if not dead. Originally, it had the chance to become a world champion like Usain Bolt, but if it were to withstand this wave of attacks, it would be good if it could barely walk in the future.

Therefore, Google's next choice was to acquire Muye &, which was almost a shell company, at an extremely high price. This was the only way to ensure that Google would become the world champion, sacrificing only part of its profits.

Deep down in Larry Page's heart, he defined Li Mu's shameless behavior as, "Gangster and bandit forced buying and selling."

It was just like India's Yin Wenli's female relatives who held a gun to the groom's head and threw a woman in front of you, threatening you: marry her, or she'll kill you.

What could you do?

In fact, this kind of commercial blackmail was not the first of Li Mu's. It was common in the Internet industry.

Every time a big company invested in a small company or a new industry, there would be blackmail and gambling behind it. The companies that were invested in and acquired by Teng Xun and Larry might not really want to be acquired by them. Even if they wanted to, they might not be willing to do it at the final price. However, all the companies that accepted the big group's offer were actually experiencing a hidden threat and inner struggle.

There were many kinds of hidden threats. For example, if you don't let me invest, or if you don't accept my investment offer, then I will do it myself, or I will invest in someone else and support someone else to do it. In short, we will either become allies or enemies.

Like Larry Page, those people were struggling in their hearts. Should they die standing or live on their knees?

In the end, those who chose to rely on the big platforms almost all chose the latter.

How many malicious mergers have occurred in the capital market?

In all cases of annexation, malicious annexation probably accounted for the majority.

In his previous life, the Hua Xia Internet industry had two giants, A and T, keeping each other in check. This also gave entrepreneurs a little room to maneuver. It was just like when someone created a "Are you hungry?" If T was the biggest player in the industry, T would very forcefully tell the entrepreneur to let them invest in the company. Otherwise, they would make their own company and kill the entrepreneur.

With Family A's checks and balances, the fate of "Are You Hungry" improved a little. He could say to Family T, "Don't push me too far, or I'll go to Family A." He could also say the same thing to Family A. In the end, he could choose the best plan between the two.

Therefore, many people who did not understand the Internet felt that these two companies were really too powerful. They had their own arrangements for every business, and the number of companies they had invested in were as many as the hairs on a cow. However, very few people could see how much butchering and killing they had done in the capital market.

For Larry Page, if there was an Internet company in front of him that could compete with Makino Technology, he would have a chance to breathe a sigh of relief. Unfortunately, in the current Internet industry, no one could compete with Makino Technology.

After thinking about it, Larry Page could only say to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I understand what you mean. I will contact our shareholders later and think about it carefully."

Li Mu nodded and smiled indifferently. "It's okay. You can choose not to buy it. No one is forcing you."

Larry Page could only nod in a muffled voice. He cried in his heart. Guns, bullets, and nuclear weapons have already been mentioned, and you still say that no one is forcing us? What else do you want?

Do you really think that a gun to your head is the only way to force us?

Li Mu looked at Larry Page's sad face. He smiled and said calmly, "I have said what I need to say. I still have a show to record. Go back. Come to me after you have accepted the offer. Oh yes, if you come, bring the contract with you."

After Li Mu finished speaking, he turned around and walked back. Larry Page didn't say anything. He just followed behind him. Looking at his back, he had mixed feelings.

If Larry Page had to name a person he hated the most, the answer would definitely be Li Mu.

But if he had to name a person he admired the most, the answer would definitely be Li Mu.

A young man in his early twenties, playing the Internet like it was his own inland sea. He also played with capital to the fullest.

In Larry Page's opinion, Li Mu played with capital with an extraordinary sense of violence. His strategy was: "Call me daddy, or I will beat you until you scream or die."

It was simple, rough, and even a little brutal.

Larry Page also wanted to show his middle finger and scold him, "F * ck-you!"

But after all, he was not strong enough, so he didn't have the confidence.

Li Mu walked quickly and returned to the village in a few minutes. Larry Page walked very slowly. He paced alone in the fields of Hua Xia Village. He looked at the yellow soil, the crops, his toes, the mountains, and the water. Finally, when the sun was setting, he looked at the sky full of orange clouds and the setting sun that looked like the egg yolk of a hot spring. He sighed softly.

Admit it.

Admit it.

Kneel. After standing for a long time, you will find that kneeling is actually quite comfortable.

Google had always been at the forefront of the Internet and search engine since its inception. But Larry Page had to admit that although it was a sense of accomplishment to cut through thorns and thorns alone, it was indeed very tiring. If he knelt down to Makino Technology, it was equivalent to having an armored car, and the thorns in front of him would no longer be a problem.

Therefore, Larry Page simply sat on a ridge, took out his phone, and called his sleeping assistant far away in the United States.

"Good morning, Mr. Page …" Larry Page could imagine the assistant's sleepy face through the phone.

He said, "Julia, it's evening in Hua Xia, and I'm looking at the sunset. If you open the window, the sun should just be peeking out. Can you imagine that?

We are nearly ten thousand kilometers apart, and we see the same sun. But here, the day is about to end, and for you, the day has just begun … "

The girl on the other end of the phone was stunned for about ten seconds. She asked awkwardly, "Mr. Page, when did you become so …"

Speaking up to this point, the girl suddenly stopped. She did not know what adjective to describe Larry Page now. Boring?

Crazy?

Or ignorant?

After thinking for a long time, the word that the girl finally blurted out was the word "poetic" …

Making a phone call from the other side of the world to wake up and look at the sun, excluding the crazy factor, could indeed be related to poetry.

At this time, Larry Page suddenly put away his melancholy tone and ordered, "Julia, immediately inform all the shareholders and the company's senior management to come to the company in half an hour for a conference call with me. The situation is urgent, and there can be no delay!"

…

When Li Mu arrived at the Mushroom Hut, Huang Lei had already started to stew fish. He used two stoves to start the fire at the same time. One was stewing crucian carp soup, and the other was stewing grass carp. The fragrance of fish filled the courtyard, and it made people feel inexplicably happy.

When He Deng saw Li Mu, he took advantage of the fact that the camera crew was not following him to whisper to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I heard that Google's CEO came to look for you?"

Li Mu nodded. "He's here."

He Deng asked, "Do you want to invite him to come over for dinner?

After all, he is your guest from afar. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "He is not my guest. Even if he is, he is an uninvited guest. You don't have to care about him. Let him play by himself."

He Deng was surprised in his heart, but he did not say anything.

At this time, Huang Lei called out, "Everyone, it's almost time for dinner. Yu Yan, clear the table."

Huang Lei's fish was indeed very good. This dinner reminded Li Mu of his childhood. In fact, he did not like to eat fish for a long time. The reason was that he was really tired of eating it. In the early years, fish were easy to catch. Every time Papa Lee went out, he would catch a few catties of fish. The family of three would not be able to finish it. However, Papa Lee was particularly obsessed with fishing. As a result, every meal at home was related to fish.

However, in his previous life, ever since he went to university, Li Mu rarely got to eat the fish stew made by his parents. Especially after eating too much at the cafeteria, he missed the time when his parents stewed fish every day. After he was reborn in this life, Papa Lee was already at the age where he was obsessed with fishing. In addition, he was going to study in Beijing soon, so he did not get to relive this kind of life.

For this meal, the ingredients were almost all locally sourced. The cooking skills were also sublimated to a certain extent on the basis of home-cooked dishes. Therefore, it immediately reminded Li Mu of the precious memories of his previous life.

While eating, Li Mu suddenly had an idea. He said to the three of them, "After dinner, let's go out and catch some cicadas to fry and eat?"

"Cicadas?" The three of them were all puzzled.

Li Mu said, "It's the golden cicada, the one that climbs up the tree and becomes a cicada."

"Cicada?" Peng Yuyan said with a horrified face, "Can that thing be eaten?"

Li Mu said, "It's more than edible. It's simply a delicacy. It tastes like crispy chicken, and it's ten times more nutritious than beef."

"Really …" Peng Yuyan thought of the dark cicadas and was still frightened.

Huang Lei said with a smile, "You don't say. I really ate it once before. That thing looked strange, but it was really delicious."

He Wei asked curiously, "Teacher Huang, can that thing really be eaten?"

"Yes." Huang Lei said with a serious face, "It's very fragrant after deep-frying, and it's also very chewy."

He Wei hesitated for a moment and said, "Then I can try it later."

Peng Yuyan waved his hand. "I think I'd better not try, but I can help you catch it."

Li Mu said, "Don't talk so early. I'm afraid you'll eat more than anyone else later."

…

Twenty minutes later, the four of them went out of the door with flashlights, net bags, bamboo poles, and other equipment. Accompanied by the film crew, they plunged into the woods behind the village to look for cicadas that broke out of the ground.

When Larry Page came back from a conference call that lasted more than an hour, the first thing he did was to go straight to the Mushroom Hut to find Li Mu. As a result, he was stopped at the door of the Mushroom Hut by the staff. He said in broken Chinese, "I'm looking for Mr. Lee Li Mu. There's something important!"

The staff said, "Mr. Lee and the others went to the woods to catch cicadas."

“What？”

"Cicadas, do you understand?"

"No, I don't understand …"