Chapter 780

The reason why Su Yingxue asked this question was because she wanted to create a romantic atmosphere for the two of them to miss each other. She was not proficient in this, and it could even be said that she had no experience at all. However, she was willing to try, and this was also a change in her heart.

She realized that if she wanted to hold on to Li Mu, she could no longer be as hesitant about the progress of their relationship as before. Li Mu had taken the initiative before, but because of her hesitation, Li Mu no longer took the initiative. In this case, if she still hesitated, then there would definitely be no chance for this relationship to improve.

Li Mu's thoughts suddenly went back to his previous life.

When he was working alone in Beijing, dragging his exhausted body back to the rented apartment every day and lying on the single bed, his mind would always involuntarily think about things. He would either think about the follow-up of the work at hand, how to implement a certain function, how to solve a certain bug, or some completely wishful thinking.

For example, he imagined that he had a luxury car and could travel all over the beautiful rivers and mountains of Hua Xia; he imagined that his annual salary was more than a million yuan, and he could buy a house and a car in Beijing, and even bring his parents over to enjoy a comfortable life; he imagined that he could be together with Su Yingxue. In that case, he would no longer have such lonely nights, and every night, he could hug her and fall asleep with great satisfaction.

Many times, Li Mu would be particularly immersed in his thoughts, imagining that Su Yingxue would be together with him, imagining that his life would be perfectly integrated with hers, and imagining that he would manage his life better with her, making everyone envious. He thought too much, and even when it was three or four o 'clock in the morning, he still couldn't fall asleep. He was in that kind of half-asleep state, and all his imagination was still controlled by his own brain. However, it was precisely because of this half-asleep state that he felt that it was different from reality.

The price of this was usually dragging his extremely exhausted body and mind through a whole day of high-intensity work the next day, but Li Mu always enjoyed it. For him at that time, every night when he was half asleep and half awake was the most exciting part of his boring life.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt emotional. He closed his eyes and said softly, "I want to lie on the bed quietly and hug you. I don't want to sleep."

Su Yingxue's voice was a little shy. "Why don't you sleep?

What bad ideas are you hatching? "

Li Mu chuckled foolishly. "I don't have any bad intentions. I just want to hold you until three or four o 'clock. I want to hold you until I'm in a daze. I want to hold you until the quietest place. I want to experience the feeling of dream and reality merging."

"The fusion of dreams and reality?

What does that mean? "Su Yingxue didn't understand.

She thought that Li Mu would say something provocative and explicit. She even mustered up the courage to try her best to cater to him over the phone. However, she didn't expect his answer to make her feel a little confused.

Li Mu, who was already abnormally tired, closed his eyes. His mental state became a little more sluggish. Physically and mentally exhausted, he lazily rolled on the bed. In the depths of his heart, he actually grasped the state of tossing and turning in the middle of the night.

At this time, in Li Mu's heart, he no longer saw himself as a so-called billionaire. It was as if he had returned to his previous life, back to the situation where he was half awake and everything was up to his imagination.

Thinking of Su Yingxue, Li Mu actually felt a little sad.

Without answering Su Yingxue's question, Li Mu said in a daze, "I want to sing a song for you …"

Su Yingxue felt a sweetness in her heart. She couldn't help but say excitedly, "Sing, I'm listening!"

Without any warm-up, Li Mu opened his mouth and lightly hummed Zhang Zhenyue's song "What to Do".

"You are my only dream,

That's my only worry.

What to do …

Whenever the night sky is full of stars,

There's always a little void in my heart,

What to do …

You always walk by in a hurry,

You never stop,

And I'm waiting,

Your answer.

A kind of indescribable loneliness,

A feeling of having no one to rely on,

What to do …

Alone at the end of the autumn night,

Should I walk away slowly,

What should I do … "

Li Mu sang softly. Because he was in a daze and half-awake, there were some parts where he could not even pronounce clearly. However, he sang with great sincerity. This song represented all the feelings he had for Su Yingxue in his previous life. So many years of infatuation, stubbornness, self-deception, and unwillingness were all in this song.

In Li Mu's opinion, this song was simply the perfect expression and interpretation of a crush. It used a first-person perspective throughout, and it seemed like a confession to the girl he had a crush on. However, Li Mu could very well understand the deep love and helplessness contained in this song. This was not a confession. This was clearly the inner monologue of a coward who dared to love but did not dare to say it, dared to think but did not dare to do it. He could only let his imagination run wild in the middle of the night and talk to himself.

Wasn't this the true portrayal of his love for Su Yingxue in his previous life?

In his previous life, Li Mu did not really just wait for Su Yingxue. He was also constantly in contact with other girls. However, it was difficult for him to give up the obsession in his heart for Su Yingxue, so it was difficult for him to devote himself to other emotions.

Being unable to devote himself was the main reason why Li Mu was still single in his thirties. No matter how mediocre he was, at least he was still a white-collar worker, and he was not bad looking. There were girls who were willing to fall in love with him, and there were also girls who were willing to roll under the sheets with him. However, because he was unable to devote himself wholeheartedly, Li Mu did not meet a single girl who was willing to live with him for a long time or marry him in his previous life.

If there was a girl who was similar to him in his previous life who was willing to stay with him forever, even if Li Mu still had Su Yingxue in his heart, he would not foolishly wait for Su Yingxue to be in her thirties. To him, Su Yingxue was like the lyrics of this song:

"You are my only dream, and also my only worry. What should I do?"

Everyone had a dream, and even if the dream could not come true, most people could accept the reality with a clear conscience. However, once the dream became a worry, then they really did not know what to do.

In his previous life, Li Mu could not calmly accept the gap between the dream and the reality, so he had been deeply immersed in it and could not extricate himself.

Moreover, the most important thing was that Li Mu was a rather passive animal in the emotional world. He was used to having a crush on someone, was used to suppressing his feelings at the bottom of his heart, and was even more used to suppressing his own needs. Meanwhile, Su Yingxue was also a passive product in the emotional aspect. Two passive people were like two sets of transmission systems, with obvious functions in conflict. Without the drive of the engine, how could the two sets of transmission systems make the four wheels run?

It was also because of this reason that Zhao Ziqiu appeared to be so in tune with Li Mu's emotional world and so natural. She was enthusiastic and proactive. After realizing that Li Mu was passive in the emotional aspect, she immediately turned herself into a constantly burning engine, sending surging power to Li Mu. Once she made Li Mu move, the car could run.

Li Mu had always subconsciously felt that there was a problem between him and Su Yingxue, but he had never figured out where this problem came from.

In the past, he used to think that Su Yingxue being by his side was proof of his rebirth. He seemed to have obtained great satisfaction, but he neglected to manage the relationship between the two of them.

He held on to the deep-rooted imprint of his previous life, formalizing and symbolizing Su Yingxue in his mind, but he did not work hard to remove this imprint and turn her from a symbol into a real existence. Because of this, Su Yingxue had never really walked into his life, which eventually led to their relationship becoming more and more passive.

At this moment, Li Mu finally realized the problem between him and Su Yingxue. This problem was not with her, after all, she had not experienced rebirth. She was such a slow and passive person, but if he did not work hard, the two of them would inevitably stagnate. But now that Su Yingxue had already accepted him, if he took the initiative, the situation might not be as passive as it was now.

With this in mind, Li Mu also sang the chorus of the song. At this time, Li Mu sang even more affectionately and sincerely:

"Standing in front of the door of your heart,

I don't know in your heart,

Is there me …

I really want to stop the world's time,

So that I can put my heart,

So that you can see clearly … "

At this time, Su Yingxue quietly listened to Li Mu's soft singing, and her heart was completely attracted by Li Mu's sincere singing. She did not know why Li Mu sang this song for her, because in her opinion, this song did not seem to match Li Mu's feelings for her. In reality, Su Yingxue could not believe that Li Mu had such deep feelings for her.

However, every word of Li Mu seemed to contain a kind of magic, a magic that directly hit the heart. While Su Yingxue dared not believe it, her heart contradicted that this should be Li Mu's feelings for her.

The extreme contradiction also made Su Yingxue feel a strong sense of unreality, as if she was in a dream, unable to distinguish between reality and illusion.

After singing the song, Li Mu felt as if a huge stone had been lifted from his heart. He finally understood that his mistake in his previous life was that he did not cut the Gordian knot with a knife. In this life, his mistake was that he did not distinguish between different realities, and he did not get rid of the negative impact of his previous life's sloppiness in time.

In this life, Su Yingxue was already his girlfriend. Why did he still have the feeling of being real and illusory like in his previous life?

At this moment, all the regrets and regrets were thrown away by him, and the imprint from his previous life began to become more and more vague. Li Mu made up his mind that he would no longer be shackled and troubled by his previous life, and change to a new way, a normal and active way to manage his relationship with Su Yingxue.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said with deep affection, "I miss you very much now, as if every cell in my body is thinking of you …"

…