Chapter 488

Ricky Hotel.

As one of the best five-star hotels in Shenzhen, Ricky Hotel basically took care of most of the high-end business accommodations and banquets in Shenzhen.

Under normal circumstances, the per capita consumption level of food here was more than 500 yuan. 500 yuan in 2002 was still very strong. The cost of food for an ordinary family of three was about 500 yuan a month.

Chen Hui treating at Ricky Hotel was indeed a little too extravagant for his subordinates. However, since Chen Hui said that the company was paying, they were happy to take this opportunity to experience the service of Ricky Hotel.

In the Manhattan Hall of Ricky Hotel, Chen Hui's subordinates arrived one after another. However, when they found that there was a beautiful woman in the luxurious private room, they were somewhat confused.

It was reasonable to say that Chen Hui came to Shenzhen on a business trip and even used the company's public funds to invite them here for corruption. This kind of thing must be relatively sensitive, and to some extent, it must be against the rules. However, not only did Chen Hui do it, but he also specially called a beautiful colleague over. What kind of trick was this?

Everyone was here, and the food and drinks were all ordered. Chen Hui first greeted everyone and asked about their recent situation.

They saw that Chen Hui's life was so comfortable after going to Yanjing. He could even treat people to a meal at Ricky Hotel when he went on a business trip. They were also very envious. When talking about their current situation, they also shook their heads and sighed.

After talking about their current situation, one of Chen Hui's subordinates couldn't help but ask him, "Boss, last time you said that you went to a software development company to make medical system software, right?

This kind of company's treatment is generally not good. Why is your company so rich? "

Chen Hui smiled mysteriously and said, "Now I have to tell everyone the truth. Actually, the company I joined in Yanjing is Makino Technology …"

"Makino Technology?!"

The six people at the table were instantly stunned.

Makino Technology, the Makino Technology that personally killed QQ, broke the peaceful life of hundreds of people, and made more than a hundred people become stray dogs. Chen Hui actually worked there. This made the six people surprised, but they also felt a little strange.

In fact, everyone in the technology industry was not the kind of people who were foolishly loyal to the company. However, when they thought that Makino Technology was the culprit of everything, and the old leader left Shenzhen for Yanjing at the most critical moment of QQ and joined the company of their sworn enemy, everyone inevitably felt a little awkward.

At this moment, a subordinate suddenly thought of something and blurted out, "I understand!

Boss, are you going to Makino Technology because my sister-in-law is going to Makino Technology? "

As soon as he said that, everyone instantly remembered.

Why did Chen Hui suddenly decide to resign that day and take the train to Yanjing that night? The reason was that he heard about his ex-girlfriend in the YY group. The other six people who were sitting there at that time were watching. They knew that Chen Hui's ex-girlfriend had already received an offer from Makino Technology. Now that Chen Hui himself had joined Makino Technology, the most likely explanation was for his ex-girlfriend.

Thinking of this, their complicated and awkward mood was relieved a lot. At least, there was a hidden reason why their boss left the company at the critical moment and joined their sworn enemy's company. This made them feel much better.

At this time, Chen Hui said the real purpose of coming to Shenzhen, "Actually, I came here this time because the company's leader asked me to meet with you and have a chat. I want to ask if you are interested in going to Yanjing and joining Makino Technology."

As soon as these words came out, they were suddenly dumbfounded. After a long time, one of them asked in disbelief, "Boss, Makino Technology really wants to poach us?"

Chen Hui nodded, "Absolutely."

Someone asked doubtfully, "Will Makino Technology look up to us?

After all, our products are far worse than theirs. Their team must be much better than ours. "

Chen Hui said, "You don't have to feel inferior about this. The boss of Makino Technology is still very appreciative of everyone. It was him who personally issued a business trip request for me to come back and poach some of our old colleagues as much as possible."

The few of them hurriedly asked, "What kind of treatment can Makino Technology give us?"

Chen Ze said, "At present, we promise to give everyone a salary that is not lower than what you had in Tencent Training."

The salary and treatment would not be lower than that of Teng Training. Just this sentence alone had already moved everyone present.

The predicament they were facing was that they could not even find a job that could reach 70% of the salary in Tencent Training. If the probation period was included, it would be even more miserable. Therefore, everyone was very satisfied that Makino Technology could give them such a treatment.

At this time, Zhang Xiaodi said, "If everyone is willing to develop in Yanjing, Makino Technology will fully guarantee everyone's income level. Not only will the salary not be lower than Tencent Training, but even the probation period will be waived. You will directly sign the official employment contract. If everyone signs the contract, our company will reimburse you for your flight tickets and also provide you with a settlement allowance of no less than five thousand yuan."

Li Mu did not explain in detail to Zhang Xiaodi, nor did he mention the concept of a settlement allowance. However, in Zhang Xiaodi's opinion, Li Mu would even rather increase their salary by 50%. The settlement allowance she promised them was no less than five thousand yuan. After all, if the salary was set too high, it would be continuous, and the flight tickets and settlement allowance were all one-sided transactions.

In the future, when the BTA structure was formed and the three major internet companies were rich, they would indeed be willing to spend money when recruiting talents. For example, if Ali poached people from other places to work in the headquarters in Hangzhou, it would definitely reimburse the air tickets. Moreover, according to the other party's level, after the other party arrived in Hangzhou, the company would first pay for the other party to book a hotel room for more than ten consecutive days, giving the other party enough time to rent a house and settle down. Then, in the first three months, an additional amount of settlement allowance would be given every month to subsidize the rent. The purpose was actually very simple. It was to let the other party not have any worries when they decided to change cities to develop.

Zhang Xiaodi's idea was undoubtedly ahead of the times. However, for the current domestic internet industry, there was indeed no case of a company poaching a team of a hundred people from another city. Therefore, she felt that some things should be treated differently.

The few of them were even immediately tempted. Instead of suffering here, it was better to go to Yanjing. After all, the scale of Yanjing was much larger than Shenzhen. More importantly, they could go to Yanjing with sufficient security.

Now that they looked at Makino Technology again, the feelings of the few of them were not as complicated as before. Everyone could also put aside their prejudices and look at Makino Technology, the most popular company in the internet industry, seriously and objectively.

It was undeniable that Makino Technology was really strong. Otherwise, it would not have been so easy to destroy QQ. Moreover, the product concept of Makino Technology was extremely advanced. It was the object of worship of all the technical staff. It was also a very fortunate thing for them to be able to work in this company. At least they did not have to worry that YY would be destroyed by their opponents one day like QQ.

Therefore, the six of them expressed that they were willing to join Makino Technology.

Chen Hui breathed a sigh of relief and said to the six of them, "Believe me, you will definitely not regret going to Yanjing."

One of his subordinates asked him, "Boss, how many people does Makino Technology plan to poach from Shenzhen?"

Chen Hui said, "Makino Technology wants all the technical and operational people. The more the better."

Everyone looked at each other a few times. Someone said, "Then hurry up and tell everyone in the group!

Especially communicate with Boss Liu. If possible, let Boss Liu go and talk to the boss of Makino Technology. Maybe he can fight for better treatment for everyone. "

Chen Hui said, "I still hope that everyone can talk face to face. How about this, I will organize a gathering of old colleagues tomorrow. Let's inform everyone in the group and say that I want to treat everyone to a meal tomorrow. The location will be set at Ricky Hotel. When we get together tomorrow, I will tell everyone and let's have a good discussion."

"Okay!"

That night, the first thing the six of them did when they returned home after eating and drinking at Ricky Hotel was to help Chen Hui promote the meal in the group. They emphasized on Ricky Hotel and did not forget to remind everyone that this time, it was Chen Hui who was using public funds to treat everyone to a meal.

At this time, there were more than 100 people in the YY group. Most of them received the message directly in the group. Just when everyone was wondering why Chen Hui dared to use public funds to treat everyone to such extravagance, Chen Hui appeared out of nowhere and gave everyone a reassurance.

"Everyone, don't worry. This is not a prank, nor is it against the rules. I just want to have a gathering with everyone. Everyone must be on time tomorrow."

Liu Xuebin felt that something was amiss. He asked Chen Hui, "Ah Hui, don't tell me you specially came back for a certain company to poach everyone?"

A hundred people eating at Ricky Hotel, and there were more than a dozen banquets. The cheapest would start at sixty to seventy thousand yuan. It was impossible for Chen Hui to be so rich, and it was even more impossible for him to have the guts to embezzle public funds. Taking a step back, even if he had the guts to embezzle public funds, it was impossible for him to take out so much money to treat everyone to a meal, unless he was crazy.

Liu Xuebin's question gained the approval of many people in the group. Everyone felt that Chen Hui must be keeping them in suspense. Perhaps Liu Xuebin was right. This time, he might have come to Shenzhen for this group of people who were in the same boat.

Facing everyone's inquiry, Chen Hui deliberately kept them in suspense. "As for the specific situation, everyone will know when you come over tomorrow. Let's eat and drink, and talk while eating."

Chen Hui felt that it was not appropriate to say that Makino Technology was throwing an olive branch to everyone in the YY group. At least, it would not be as impactful as talking face to face. Their current mode of thinking was similar to that of his subordinates. They always felt that they had been defeated by Makino Technology. There were so many Internet companies in the country, and the company that they were least likely to enter might be Makino Technology.

Therefore, once he personally told them this news, it would definitely cause a huge shock among them.