Chapter 425

Zhan Yun heard Ma Weiwei let out a blood-curdling scream. Before he could even get up from the bed, Zhang Juan and Zhang Lei rushed in with a few men. Zhan Yun felt as if he was struck by lightning. His vision went black and his mind went blank.

However, Zhang Juan, who had already accumulated enough anger, quickly woke him up with practical actions. She slapped Zhan Yun's face like crazy. Zhan Yun tried to block it with his hands, but Zhang Lei and several men directly held his hands and feet, making it impossible for him to move. He could only take the beating.

Zhang Juan was obviously not satisfied with this simple revenge. She angrily rode on Zhan Yun's body and scratched his face and body. She hysterically cursed, "Who told you to fool around with a vixen?!"

Zhan Yun's face was covered with blood. He angrily scolded her, "Get out of my face! What does it have to do with you?

I want to divorce you!

I'll divorce you tomorrow! "

Before Zhang Juan could speak, Zhang Lei became anxious. He punched Zhan Yun's face several times and broke his nose. He said angrily, "You want a divorce, right?

Divorce, right?

Fine!

I'll break your face! "

Zhan Yun wailed and shouted, "Call the police! Call the police! Call 110!"

Zhang Lei laughed instead of being angry. He punched Zhan Yun again and said, "Who the hell do you want to call 110?

Is your father or your mother here? "

Zhang Juan turned her head and looked at the living room. She saw Ma Weiwei still lying on the living room floor and being stared at by two men. She said angrily, "Brother, drag this b * stard out and fight with that vixen!"

Zhang Lei grabbed Zhan Yun's neck and dragged him from the living room to the living room. Then he kicked Zhan Yun to the ground and made him lie in front of Ma Weiwei.

Ma Weiwei was so scared that her face turned pale. Never in her wildest dreams would she have thought that there would be a day when Zhan Yun's wife would come knocking on their door. Looking at Zhang Juan's attitude, she wouldn't even let her husband off, so how could she let her off?

Sure enough, Zhang Juan glanced at Ma Weiwei and accidentally caught a glimpse of the revealing clothes hidden under her messy pajamas. She was instantly enraged. She grabbed Ma Weiwei's hair and pulled her back forcefully, causing Ma Weiwei's head to involuntarily fall back. Zhang Juan then slapped Ma Weiwei's face and cursed, "How dare you seduce my man!

I'm going to tear your face apart! "

Ma Weiwei was seeing stars from the beating. There were a few times when she almost shouted for help. However, she remembered that she was a public figure. If she attracted the attention of the neighbors or the police, her career would be completely ruined. Thus, she could only give up. She whimpered and begged for mercy, "Sister Zhang, please stop hitting me. I didn't seduce your husband. It's your husband …"

Zhang Juan was in no mood to care who had seduced whom. She only cared about whipping Ma Weiwei with all her might. At the same time, she roared as if she had lost her mind, "Tell me!

Say it, you stinking brat!

When did the two of you hook up? "

Ma Weiwei didn't dare to say anything. If she really wanted to talk about their affair, she would have to go back four or five years. If Zhang Juan found out, she would definitely kill her …

Seeing that Ma Weiwei didn't answer, Zhang Juan sneered, "Fine, you don't want to talk?

Fine!

I want to see how stubborn you can be! "

After saying that, she turned around and snatched an iron rod from her brother's hand. She swung it and whipped Ma Weiwei's arm. Ma Weiwei felt as if her bones were about to break.

"Are you going to talk or not?

Are you going to talk or not?

Are you going to talk or not? "

Zhang Juan went completely crazy. She swung the iron rod in her hand continuously and severely injured Ma Weiwei's arm. Zhang Lei saw that she was about to kill Ma Weiwei, so he hurriedly snatched the iron rod from her hand and reminded her, "Juan 'er, calm down. You can hit her, but don't kill her."

Zhang Juan roared, "I'm going to kill this stinking brat today!

At worst, I'll kill both of them. I'll pay for it with my life! "

After saying that, Zhang Juan stared at Ma Weiwei and scolded, "Who asked you to be so wild?

Who asked you to be so wild?

How dare you say that you didn't seduce my man when you're dressed like this?! "

Everyone was dumbfounded as they watched Zhang Juan rush up and tear Ma Weiwei's clothes. She tore off her pajamas and her maid costume. Ma Weiwei was lying on the ground, crying and begging for mercy. The men were all indifferent because they realized that not only was Ma Weiwei's maid costume revealing, she wasn't even wearing a f * cking bra. Such a good opportunity probably wouldn't come again even if they waited for decades.

Xu Jianjun looked at the situation through the surveillance camera and realized that it had almost reached the requirements that Li Mu had set for him. Therefore, he gave Li Mu a call and said, "I think the situation inside is almost done. Should I call the police now?"

Li Mu grunted, "Go ahead."

Xu Jianjun hung up and used another phone to call 110. He said to the person at the police desk, "My neighbor's house seems to have been broken into by a group of criminals!

She's Ma Weiwei, a host from Beijing TV. I'm afraid that someone wants to kidnap her! "

The operator hurriedly asked him, "May I know your address?"

Xu Jianjun said, "Her address is Swan Bay Building 5, Unit 1, Unit 1505 …"

The police knew better than anyone else how bad the news of a famous female host from Beijing TV being broken into was. If anything happened to her, the police couldn't shirk their responsibility. Moreover, if something happened to a famous person, it would make Beijing's public security seem inadequate, which would have a very negative impact.

Therefore, the operator immediately contacted the nearest branch and police station. The captain of one of the branch's criminal police officers personally led a team of more than thirty people to Swan Bay.

Xu Jianjun watched as seven or eight police cars drove into Swan Bay. He knew that Li Mu's request had been completed, so he said to one of his subordinates, "After the police take everyone away, go up and take out the cameras and bugs."

Although the police wouldn't be able to link the devices to him even if they found them, the devices were still bought with money, so he would try his best to recycle them.

…

The next day, there were a lot of rumors in Beijing.

The owners of Swan Bay said that Ma Weiwei had an affair with a married man last night and was beaten up by the man's wife. Even the police came, alarming the entire Swan Bay.

The employees and family members of Beijing TV were also discussing it. They heard that Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei had an affair, and Zhang Juan went to catch them in the act. It was such a big deal that Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei didn't come to work today. It was said that Zhang Juan, her brother, and a few other people were detained.

There were also well-informed people who said that Zhang Juan had hired a private detective to investigate and follow Zhan Yun, which was how they found evidence of his affair.

The public quickly received this news. In just one morning, although this matter was not reported by any media, it still became a hot topic in the whole of Yan Jing.

Soon, someone revealed that Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei had been admitted to Peking Union Hospital last night. Both of their injuries weren't light, and it was estimated that they wouldn't be able to get out of the hospital within a month.

The leaders of Beijing TV quickly verified the ins and outs of this matter with the public security system. Although they were furious, they didn't forget to clarify their relationship. Beijing TV announced to the public that Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei had been suspended for violating the station's rules. Zhan Yun's job would be taken over by another deputy director with the surname Xu, and the host of "Special Interview" would be temporarily replaced by the host of "Law Space", Xue Lulu.

Li Mu and Xu Jianjun arranged to meet at a teahouse again. Li Mu settled the bill for him. In addition to the 100,000 he had given him before, Li Mu paid him an additional 150,000 for the series of plans yesterday.

Xu Jianjun accepted the money and said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, do you have the phone I gave you?"

Li Mu nodded and took out the Nokia phone and handed it to him.

Xu Jianjun said, "I'll take the phone back and get rid of it. It's better to be careful. I don't think the police will investigate this matter. Even if they do, they won't be able to trace it back to us. Don't worry."

Li Mu smiled faintly. Xu Jianjun was right. The possibility of anyone looking for him because of this matter was very small. The police wouldn't investigate this matter too deeply. Even if they did, it would be useless. Xu Jianjun had already cleaned up all the relevant clues. In addition, Li Mu wasn't worried that someone would blame Zhang Yun's incident on him or Chen Wan. The reason was very simple. Zhang Juan had caused too much of a commotion last night. Furthermore, she had killed her way into Ma Weiwei's house to catch them in the act. The public would instinctively think that Zhang Juan had investigated and done everything herself. Even if Zhang Juan tried to explain that it wasn't her, it would be useless. After yesterday's incident, the accusation would be firmly pinned on her head.

Xu Jianjun had been in this line of work for many years. He wasn't just a private detective, he was also a secret helper of the rich. As long as the money was paid, he would do anything, whether it was legal or illegal. Moreover, he was very professional. He knew that keeping secrets was the only way for him to make money safely. Therefore, his mouth and confidentiality measures were more important than anyone else's. Li Mu wasn't worried that Xu Jianjun would leak the information. This was because Li Mu's intuition told him that the dirty things Xu Jianjun had done for others were much dirtier than what he had done.

For Xu Jianjun, this business was indeed not a loss. Not only did he earn a lot of money, but he also learned a new set of tricks. The series of traps that Li Mu had set for Zhang Juan had really opened his eyes.

Before leaving, he said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, if you have any business in the future, just call me."

With a smile, Li Mu asked, "What's the matter? Will I be considered as your old client in the future?"

Xu Jianjun nodded his head and smiled, "Initially, I didn't intend to develop any more old clients, but it's interesting to work with you. So you should be the last person on my list for the next one or two years."

Through this cooperation, Li Mu was also very impressed with Xu Jianjun's ability and professionalism. For him, he also hoped to maintain a cooperative relationship with Xu Jianjun. Thus, he shook hands with Xu Jianjun and smiled, "Since that's the case, then I hope that we can have more opportunities to cooperate in the future."

"Alright!"

Xu Jianjun replied with a smile, "Then, I'll take my leave first. Mr Li, let's contact each other again if there's anything."

For the sake of Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei, Li Mu spent a car's worth of money. But he didn't feel any pain in his heart. On the contrary, he felt that he had vented his hatred. To him, Chen Wan was like a relative. So what was $250,000 to vent for her?

However, Li Mu's only regret was that he couldn't add fuel to the fire through the Internet to make these two people notorious throughout the country. Although there were people discussing this matter on the Internet, without the operation of a large number of Internet Water Army systems, the news on the Internet would not be able to spread at all, let alone become popular.

Although Li Mu felt that it was a pity, he knew in his heart that the internet was currently in a flourishing period. He should try his best not to let the internet be tainted with too much negativity. He couldn't let the power of the internet show too early.

Chen Wan, who was resting at home, also heard the news. In the beginning, she was shocked, but she soon felt relieved. It was no wonder why Ma Weiwei was so powerful in the television station. It was no wonder why she had been suppressed all this time. It was no wonder why she had to suffer when she resigned. It turned out that Ma Weiwei still had Zhan Yun.

Thinking about it, Chen Wan, who had always been kind, couldn't help feeling relieved in her heart. She had seen too many bad people abuse their power, and it was a joyous occasion to see them suffer retribution.

Chen Wan was like a child as she gave a call to Li Mu. "Bad boy, I have a piece of shocking news for you."

As the culprit of last night's incident, Li Mu naturally knew what Chen Wan wanted to say. But he still pretended to be curious and asked, "Big Sister, what shocking news? Quickly tell me!"

Chen Wan chuckled. "Did you know that Ma Weiwei had an affair with a leader in the television station and was caught in bed by the leader's wife?

The two of them have been suspended by the television station! "

"Is that so?" Li Mu pretended to be surprised and said, "This is so satisfying!"

Chen Wan said, "It's really satisfying to hear this news."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I guess the reason why Yanjing TV didn't let you go through the resignation procedures is because of the two of them. Now that they have been suspended, do you want to ask the personnel of Yanjing TV again? It would be better if they could hurry up and get the resignation procedures done."

Only then did Chen Wan react. She smiled and said, "I didn't think of that. I'll call and ask later."

To Li Mu's surprise, Chen Wan got the resignation certificate that afternoon.

Zhao Hezheng, who was in charge of human resources, was afraid of Zhan Yun's abuse of power, so he didn't dare to complete the procedures for Chen Wan. But he also knew that once Chen Wan went to Xiangnan Satellite TV, she would definitely soar to the sky. So he also told Chen Wan in private that it was not him who suppressed her resignation procedures, but the leader of the television station.

Now that Zhan Yun had fallen, he naturally would not embarrass Chen Wan anymore. Chen Wan made a phone call, and he quickly completed the resignation procedures, issued the resignation certificate and signed it.

Chen Wan was completely free. She got the resignation certificate from Yanjing TV, and she also had the contract that Xiangnan Satellite TV gave her without a specified time limit. She could now sign a new date and her name in the contract at any time to make the contract fully effective.