Chapter 1304

When Makino Technology was preparing to send out invitations to the entire industry for the charity night, Li Mu found Liu Xinying and talked to her about his long-term plan.

The degree of recognition of "Undying Veterans" by society had greatly exceeded expectations, and the speed at which the charity money was gathered had also greatly exceeded Li Mu's previous best expectations. As a result, the operation method was bound to change.

In addition to the overflowing capital pool, if those companies who were willing to provide various resources were brought in, the resources in exchange could offset a considerable part of the funds. At that time, the entire fund pool of the entire foundation would be even larger.

And the core purpose of Li Mu's long-term plan could be summed up in six words: Increase the number of people covered!

Liu Xinying asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, are you going to increase the number of people covered by the charity activities for the foundation?"

"That's right."

Li Mu said, "The amount of funds has already exceeded the needs of our entire previous plan, so I want to expand the previous plan horizontally to a larger scale. The established scope of 'all surviving World War II veterans on the mainland' will be expanded to 'all surviving World War II veterans on the mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan'."

Liu Xinying was overjoyed and said, "There should be about 20,000 surviving World War II veterans in Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan. Judging from the current speed and scale of our foundation's fundraising, we can definitely support it."

"Money is definitely not a problem."

Li Mu said, "I'm planning a charity party for the Internet industry and mobilize the entire Internet industry to participate. You should quickly sort out the traditional enterprises that are interested in cooperating with us and confirm the resources with them. Then, we'll come up with a detailed list of resources. This list must have the corresponding market value of the resources so that we can coordinate."

"Okay!"

Liu Xinying nodded and said, "I will hurry up and sort out these cooperative companies in the next few days."

Li Mu said, "We have to take advantage of the current popularity of our foundation in the country to hurry up and expand the full-time team and volunteer team, so that in the future, every city will have our stable and reliable volunteer team with high willingness to cooperate."

Liu Xinying said, "We have already opened a hotline for volunteer registration and an online registration entrance. Half an hour ago, we received feedback that more than 10,000 people have submitted volunteer application materials. We are currently reviewing these materials and dividing them by region. The recruitment information for the full-time team has also been published on our website. Beijing has already begun to arrange for interviews."

Li Mu said, "I'll ask Zwei to look for you later. You can connect with her and pass the information related to the recruitment of volunteers and full-time staff to Zwei. Ask her to coordinate with Makino Technology to make a push on YY. I believe the effect should be good."

"That's great!"

Liu Xinying smiled and said, "It's not difficult to recruit full-time staff in Yanjing, but it's a difficult task to develop enough volunteers all over the country. YY has users all over the country. If you can help us promote online, we'll definitely be able to get a large number of enthusiastic volunteers to join us."

Li Mu said, "In principle, the more volunteers, the better. In the future, we will need volunteers to help us in many areas."

Liu Xinying asked Li Mu, "If we continue to develop, will our Undying Veterans continue to expand the scope of coverage?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "At this stage, we should focus on serving the World War II veterans on the mainland and the three sides of the Taiwan Strait. If this stage can be completed well, we will gradually include all the veterans who have participated in actual combat since the founding of the People's Republic of China. In the next stage, we might be able to include the surviving veterans who participated in the war to resist the US and aid Korea. After that, there will be a few self-defense counterattacks against India and Vietnam."

Liu Xinying was shocked when she heard that. She did not expect Li Mu to increase the scope of the Undying Veterans charity to so many people. She could not help but remind him, "Li Zong, the more recent the era of the war, the more the number of surviving veterans. There are only about 20,000 surviving World War II veterans on the mainland, but the number of surviving veterans who participated in the war to resist the US and aid Korea will probably double. If we include the self-defense counterattacks against Vietnam, there will definitely be more than 100,000. I heard my dad mention that in the self-defense counterattacks in 1979, the total number of troops on the eastern and western fronts was more than 300,000, and the frontline troops were about 200,000 …"

Speaking up to this point, Liu Xinying paused and said with some uncertainty, "If we want to cover a hundred to two hundred thousand veterans, the amount of funds we need will be too large …"

Li Mu smiled in relief and said, "We need to provide different kinds of help to different groups. The veterans who participated in World War II are too old, and a considerable number of them have been living very hard for so many years because of their composition. For these veterans, we must provide the most comprehensive help. Clothing, food, housing, transportation, recuperation and medical treatment are all responsibilities that our foundation cannot shirk.

"As for the surviving veterans from other wars, they are all soldiers after the founding of the People's Republic of China. The veterans who participated in the war to resist the US and aid Korea are mostly able to enjoy the special benefits of the country. For these veterans who already have enough benefits, we do not need to provide comprehensive help like the veterans from World War II. We only need to provide them with a certain amount of subsidies on the basis of the country's benefits.

"Most of the veterans who participated in the war against India and Vietnam are the same. In fact, most of the veterans who participated in the war against Vietnam are still in their prime. Although their group is large, the group that really needs our help is relatively small."

Liu Xinying breathed a sigh of relief. She was really shocked by Li Mu's words just now. If they used the same standards to help hundreds of thousands of veterans in the long term, the foundation would definitely go bankrupt in no time. However, according to Li Mu's words, if they treated it according to the actual situation, the future pressure of the foundation would not be that great.

Li Mu's expectations for the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation were far more than this. He had a bigger plan, which Li Mu did not tell Liu Xinying for the time being. It was his "Anti-Japanese Alliance" plan. In the future, he would provide humanitarian assistance to the veterans who participated in World War II and resisted Japan in other countries. He would awaken the citizens of all countries that were invaded by Japan during World War II, so that they could also pay attention to the veterans in their own countries and at the same time, remember the history of that year.

…

The attention and donations from the whole society were still continuing.

News related to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation had already begun to spread through the overseas media.

The first overseas media to report on this foundation and the press conference were the American media.

After all, "Flying Tigers" belonged to the common history of Hua Xia and the United States. Li Mu used such a high standard to receive the old Flying Tigers of the United States and personally paid tribute to them, which moved the American media.

Everyone was happy to see their people being treated with courtesy overseas. This was just like the vast majority of Hua Xia people had never been to Pakistan, but when they heard about the various courtesy and respect that Pakistan gave to the people of Hua Xia, they would have a good impression of Pakistan. The same was true for the American society.

Therefore, when the American media reported this news on a large scale, the American people gave it a very high evaluation.

They praised the history of the Flying Tigers and praised the courtesy that Li Mu gave to the American veterans. This mood also made them begin to pay attention to the veterans in their own country. The New York Times even directly issued an appeal. The original text said, "The United States participated in World War II in the three continents of Asia, Europe, and Africa. While making great contributions to world peace, it also made great sacrifices for world peace. Today's American society also has a large number of surviving veterans of World War II, but why doesn't the United States have a person like Li Mu to stand up and do the same thing as him?"

"There are so many billionaires in the United States, and there are countless rich people on Wall Street alone. Why can't there be an entrepreneur who is responsible enough to stand up and do what Li Mu did? Set up a charity foundation similar to 'Undying Veterans' in the United States, and provide help to the veterans of World War II in the United States as much as possible?

If this thing can come true, I believe that the American people will definitely respond positively and contribute money and effort to the foundation. "

The American people also expressed their opinions on the Internet. Many people thought that what Li Mu did in Hua Xia had played a role in enlightening the American people. The American people should also pay attention to the veterans and care for them. They should not let them gradually wither away.

As the voices became louder and louder, many American rich people felt that this was a very good opportunity to take out a sum of money and set up a charitable foundation similar to "Veterans Never Die" in the United States. They could then be like Li Mu and be respected and followed by the whole society. This deal was really too worthwhile.

Therefore, it was hard to imagine that many rich people in the United States suddenly stood up and publicly said that they were ready to take out a sum of money to set up a charitable foundation to care for veterans.

It would have been fine if it was one or two, but this time there were more than ten or twenty people. With so many people actively participating, it made the American people feel conflicted.

Suddenly, so many rich people wanted to do charity. Their motives and goals seemed particularly impure. Many people said on the Internet that these people did not really want to do charity. They just wanted to ride on the popularity and wanted to gain a wave of attention and worship. Therefore, everyone had a very cold attitude towards them. They just wanted to see what they would do and did not want to hear what they had to say.

Many rich people sadly found that they thought that they would receive applause and support when they stood up. They did not expect to get a cold reception. As a result, many people were watching coldly, waiting for their next move. This was a huge blow to their enthusiasm. All of a sudden, many rich people quietly decided to give up.

They did not want to really invest a huge amount of energy to run such a charity project, especially when the public did not approve of it.

However, many rich people also figured out one thing.