Chapter 264

According to the agreement, Li Mu gave Ning Hao a thousand yuan in cash. Ning Hao did not expect Li Mu to give the money so quickly. He did not do anything, did not even sign an agreement, and did not even look at his ID card, but gave the money first.

However, Li Mu's straightforwardness also touched him a little. A thousand yuan was not a huge amount of money, but it could completely solve the urgent need, and it meant a lot to him.

The two talked about the script and the shooting plan at the dinner table. Ning Hao's understanding of movies was relatively unique and ingenious, so the emotional story that Li Mu pushed to the end of the main line did not have any special feeling for him, and it was even a little tacky. However, because he had a good impression of Li Mu, Ning Hao still listened to it carefully, and combined with his own experience to give some pertinent suggestions.

Li Mu asked Ning Hao to help him prepare for the establishment of a group, and he would take some time on the weekend to go together. Ning Hao did not have a mobile phone now, and when he left, he gave Li Mu a call number.

Li Mu was quite interested in Ning Hao. This young director with ideas really had to wait until 2006 to really stand out. If it was not for Liu Dehua's investment in the Asian New Star Director Program, he was afraid that it would take a long time for him to become famous.

Even the Asian New Star Director only gave him a budget of more than three million yuan, and the box office that year reached more than twenty million yuan. Not only did he make the film and the director popular, but also a large number of grassroots actors popular.

Now, his budget for a micro film reached two million yuan, and it was estimated that Ning Hao's heart was broken. According to the inflation rate of RMB, now with two million yuan, he could shoot "Crazy Stone".

Through this cooperation, Li Mu wanted to trick Ning Hao, who was still studying, into his own Makino Image. His ability was beyond doubt. In addition, he also had the resources accumulated in Yanjing Film Academy. If he joined Makino Image, he could provide the funds, so that he could get the investment early and make the film he wanted to make.

Ning Hao's work efficiency was indeed extraordinary. Li Mu gave the information of the relevant personnel who had contacted him to Ning Hao.

He asked him to make arrangements by himself, and then find time to meet with him. Ning Hao roughly planned the prototype of the crew before Friday, and several extras were also prepared.

The meticulous Ning Hao specially made a detailed shooting budget for Li Mu. Since the biggest star simply planned to act for free, Ning Hao's final calculation of the overall cost was actually only about one million yuan, and this price also included the salaries of the supporting roles of several students from the Film Academy.

Li Mu asked him, "Among the students in the Film Academy, are there any good candidates?

It's best if they have some fame. "

Ning Hao laughed and said in a high-pitched voice, "There are not many famous students in school now.

But there are a few famous people in the 96 level wave. Needless to say, Zhao Wei, Huang Xiaoming and Chen Kun are also quite famous. We can consider the two of them as the male villains in our film. "

Li Mu did not have any feelings for Leader Huang, but he had a good impression of Chen Kun, so he asked him, "How much is Chen Kun's salary now?"

Ning Hao said, "He's very awesome. He was paid three thousand yuan per episode for the 'Fog, Rain, and Wind' drama, and he earned ninety thousand yuan for thirty episodes.

He also accumulated some fame through this drama, so his salary will definitely increase a little. Filming a movie will cost at least thirty to fifty thousand yuan, right? "

As Ning Hao spoke, he suddenly said, "No, no, we're filming a micro film, and we're not letting him be the main character. His working time will be short, so we can probably negotiate the price again."

Li Mu thought that this price was really affordable. When he became popular in the next two years, his salary would definitely skyrocket.

It was very worth it to take thirty to fifty thousand yuan, so he said to Ning Hao, "You can contact Chen Kun about the matter. I've seen the drama he acted in, and it's quite good.

Thirty to fifty thousand yuan is okay, you're responsible for negotiating with him. "

"Okay, our budget is very loose, anyway."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "Actually, if you ask me, there are a lot of people in our film academy who can play the female lead. Why do you have to find an inexperienced musician to play the role?"

Ning Hao had never seen Du Wei before, so he didn't know how well her appearance and temperament matched the character in the drama.

Li Mu didn't explain much, and only said, "You'll know when you meet the actress. Your film academy definitely won't find a girl with such temperament."

Ning Hao laughed awkwardly and said, "Okay, then I'll arrange the people first. If you have time this weekend, let's meet up and finalize the details. If the crew is decided, I'll hurry up and contact the filming location. The talent show needs to rent a filming location, so the cost might be slightly higher."

Li Mu said, "Although we don't have to spend all of the two million yuan budget, we can't skimp on the places where we need to spend money. The talent show's filming location must be high-end, grand, and classy. It doesn't matter if we spend more money, but the key is to have the effect."

"Understood, don't worry!"

…

On Friday, a new product was born in the field of e-commerce.

Li Mu's own Alipay was finally officially launched.

When Alipay was launched, it was deeply integrated with 3321. The preferential policy of waiving the first month's commission made the registration rate of Alipay reach 90% among parents, and 95% among students. In the future, they could withdraw cash from 3321 freely through Alipay, which was safe and convenient. Moreover, 3321 had specially opened a SMS platform to cooperate with the promotion of Alipay. Alipay users would be accompanied by instant SMS alerts when they paid, received, and withdrew cash.

When the auction started, Li Mu personally went to Makino Technology to monitor the user data. There were more than 30,000 registered students and registered users in 3321, and they formed the first batch of users of Alipay. After a round of bidding and payment, there were no bugs or loopholes in Alipay, and the user experience was very good.

However, the birth of Alipay did not attract attention in the Internet industry. Everyone still did not realize the key role that payment platforms would play in the future e-commerce industry. The Internet people who knew about Alipay only thought that it was a payment channel specially developed for 3321. 3321 itself was a very closed network, and it did not aim to make profits. Therefore, for Internet people, this kind of marginalized and unprofitable product was difficult to attract their attention.

This also made Li Mu heave a sigh of relief. Alipay itself did not have the opportunity to rise rapidly, but it was difficult for 3321 users to support this payment platform. However, the next step for Li Mu was to connect Makino Technology to Alipay's payment channel. When that time came, Makino Technology's Happy Farm would use a wave of ultra-low prices to attract users to pay. In the field of Internet payment, the most difficult thing was to break through from 0 to 0.01 yuan. As long as a user paid a penny on this payment platform, half of their wallet was already open to you.

As for the huge e-commerce carrier, Taobao, Li Mu did not have the ability to build it yet. Mu Ye's team was currently overloaded, and Kong Lingyu's ability had not improved significantly. With his technical strength and vision, it was already very good that he could support Tieba. In the future, there was still the social planning of communication software. He did not know if he could grow in time, let alone an Internet giant like e-commerce.

However, Li Mu was not worried. Talent needed to be discovered slowly. The concept of Taobao only needed to be built before 2003. Even if Hangzhou's Boss Ma launched another Taobao network in advance because of his butterfly effect, Li Mu was not worried. This was because he saved a long exploration period compared to Boss Ma, and he had Alipay to support it. Once he started Taobao, Alipay would follow closely behind and launch a perfect compensation service. Boss Ma would definitely not be able to catch up with this kind of planned and premeditated business rhythm.

Li Mu also experienced the private beta user space and Happy Farm in Makino Technology.

The function layout of the personal space was similar to the basic Tencent QQ Space. It had functions such as messages, diary, mood, and photo albums. Professional art designers had also designed many beautiful templates for users to choose from. The overall layout was not bad, and it had basic display and interaction effects. The most important thing was Happy Farm. This was the key core of Makino Technology's transformation into a social network. Not only did Li Mu want to use it to attract users to Tencent's QQ Space, but he also hoped to rely on it to build a larger network on Tieba, so that Tieba's network would become their main network. Once YY was launched, users' network would be able to transition to YY at a very low cost.

Happy Farm version 1.0 was basically in line with Li Mu's expectations for the initial stage of Happy Farm. The cartoon interface was very cute and beautiful, and the hierarchical structure of the crops was also more comprehensive. The most basic crops were from radishes and carrots to cabbages, rice, and wheat. The more advanced crops were vegetables, fruits, and flowers.

The user experience upgrade and land reclamation also had a complete structure. Users could obtain the corresponding experience when they farmed, harvested, stole vegetables, helped their friends weed, repelled insects, bought seeds, and props, and so on. The experience and gold coins would generate a leaderboard. Friends could see the person with the highest level and the person with the most money among their friends at any time.

The only thing that was lacking now was the props link. However, looking at the overall situation, it could definitely be solved within a week.