Chapter 1753

Those big shots on Wall Street thought that as long as they let the media report on Li Mu's warning, they will be able to overcome this crisis.

However, it never occurred to him that Li Mu would personally come to fight with him.

Even if Wall Street's bigwigs have many connections, it's hard for them to create a wave by themselves. Even Soros, that ruthless international speculator, cannot create a financial crisis or attack Thailand's currency.

It was Southeast Asia that planted the seeds of the financial crisis, and Soros had led the international speculators to attack Thai Baht. This was only after the financial crisis broke out, and Soros had led a pack of wolves to rob Thai Baht.

If there was no opportunity for Google to go public, if there was no rapid development of Muye Technology in recent years, if there was no Li Mu personally endorsing Google, and if these wolves of Wall Street were to promote the Internet spring, they would not be able to achieve it.

That's why they felt this opportunity is very precious.

It's just like Bitcoin, which had been brewing for many years and suddenly exploded after more than a decade. This gave Blockchain the opportunity to become a hot topic, and those hoodwinks found the inspiration to create virtual currencies.

If not, those people will never be able to make Blockchain and virtual currencies popular.

Now, Wall Street has a chance to make money from the internet, and Li Mu suddenly jumped out to attack them. This will instantly destroy their future source of income.

The big shots on Wall Street are like ants on a hot pan. Many Wall Street tycoons even started to discuss solutions through video conference.

Now, there are three options in front of them:

First, think of ways to get Li Mu to change his words. At most, they will share some profits with him or even let him take the bigger share. This is better than getting nothing.

The second option was to simply give up on this opportunity and pretend that nothing had happened.

Third, get the media to go against Li Mu. Didn't Li Mu say that the internet's spring is not here yet?

Then, I will say that it is already here.

But after some discussion, everyone felt that the first option is not easy to handle.

Li Mu had never taken the giants of Wall Street seriously. Instead, it was Wall Street that had been chasing after him for cooperation.

Although Li Mu had taken Sequoia's money, Sequoia had no right to speak in front of Li Mu. In the beginning, Sequoia had begged Li Mu to have the opportunity to invest in Makino Technology. Now that Sequoia dared to say a disobedient word to Li Mu, who knew how he would deal with it.

They had begged Li Mu to invest in Li Mu, but Li Mu had rejected them in all kinds of ways. Now, the possibility of begging Li Mu to cooperate with them to make money was next to nothing.

There was nothing much to say about the second one. The motto of the Wolf of Wall Street was: Never give up in front of benefits.

As for the third one, it didn't seem to be of any use.

Because in the Internet industry, they did not have Li Mu's authority at all.

Li Mu's authority in the Internet industry even exceeded Boeing's authority in civil airliners.

Boeing still had Airbus to compete with it, but in front of Li Mu, there was no one who could fight.

Larry Page?

He was almost a die-hard fan of Li Mu;

David Filo?

The current user volume of Yahoo portal was not even one-fifth of YY website;

Bill Gates?

This guy could only be considered as one-tenth of the Internet people, and the remaining nine-tenths were IT people.

Moreover, Microsoft's MSN was destroyed by Li Mu once, and it was destroyed again. Now, Bill Gates and Microsoft only had users and no fans.

It was painful to have users and no fans. It was like a rich mute, standing in Times Square and shouting desperately, but no one would listen to him.

Li Mu was different. He not only had users, but he also had fans. No one in the entire Internet industry could compete with him in the dissemination of information. Fighting a public opinion war with him was like a pack of wolves jumping into the sea to fight a shark.

It was not enough.

Also, Li Mu's tweet was very sarcastic. Not only did he say that the Internet was not in spring, but he also said that the US media deliberately did not report on his warning. He was standing on the moral high ground.

Now, Weibo and Twitter were all scolding the US media. They were scolding them for hiding Li Mu's warning and deliberately creating the illusion that the Internet was really in spring.

These media outlets and the experts who worked for them were all scolded until they were speechless. Each and every one of them had a melodramatic ending.

Many media could not withstand the pressure of the public and could only issue a public apology. However, they did not mention the capital behind the incident and only reflected on their one-sided and narrow reporting.

The netizens were not stupid.

They could tell what was going on just by looking at both sides.

Whitewashing and bragging about the future of the Internet, was it not to attract more capital?

If Li Mu did not post this tweet today, everyone would definitely rush into the stock market and buy internet shares in bulk because of the excellent performance of Google's listing and the media's support.

The capitalists on Wall Street had already prepared sufficient bait, waiting for these ignorant investors to take the bait.

Almost all the US media were scolded by their own netizens. So much so that some media could not withstand the pressure and began to broadcast the news of Li Mu's warning. They even released the video of the live interview.

At this time, the capitalists behind the media were also at their wit's end.

Now was not the time for the media to fight head-on. Otherwise, they would only lose the credibility of the media. Although the media's betrayal did not come from the bottom of their hearts, it was also to protect themselves.

At this moment, the media tycoon Modoc's heart was collapsing. He did not expect that his media empire could not be compared to a young Hua Xia in his early twenties.

At this moment, all of his media combined could not be compared to Li Mu's tweet.

This feeling was probably similar to how the Emperor of Showa felt when the atomic bomb exploded.

He had spent his entire life building planes, tanks, and cannons. He thought that he could be ranked first in the world. However, he did not expect that Hua Xia could have such a terrifying destructive power.

Modoc was the same. He had been in the media for a lifetime. TV stations, newspapers, magazines, and film companies. His brother really had everything. The TV station was the aircraft carrier, the newspaper was the army, the magazine was the marine corps, and the computer company was the air force. If there was no Li Mu, his brother's three-in-one network of firepower would not be afraid of anyone in any corner of the world.

In the end, there was no atomic bomb.

When the Wall Street tycoons were at their wit's end, someone thought of the Goldberg family in the distant United Kingdom.

As a Jewish family, although the main power of the Goldberg family was not in Wall Street, they were the closest to Li Mu.

The biggest feature of the Jewish businessmen was their unprecedented unity. Therefore, they thought it was better to let the Goldberg family mediate with Li Mu. First, they should apologize to Li Mu and give in. Then, both sides would take a step back and give each other a way out.

Therefore, they immediately contacted the current manager of the Goldberg family, Davison Goldberg Davison Goldberg.

Davidson himself was an investment banker. Many stock companies on Wall Street had shares in the Goldberg family. In addition, it was related to the interests of many of his compatriots, so he naturally accepted this task.

When Li Mu was lying in the bathtub, he received a call from Davidson.

Li Ziwei knocked on the door and said, "Li Zong, it's Mr. Davidson. I asked him to call back in a minute. Do you want to answer it?"

"Davidson?"

Li Mu frowned slightly. How could he not know why Davidson called, so he said, "If he calls, ask him to call back in twenty minutes."

"Okay."

Li Mu took a bath unhurriedly, wiped his body, put on shorts and a bathrobe, and then walked out of the bathroom.

At this time, Li Ziwei was waiting in the living room of the presidential suite.

Li Mu asked her, "Did he call again?"

"Yes."

Li Ziwei said, "He called twenty-five minutes ago. I asked him to call back in twenty minutes, and he called five minutes ago. I said that you were still taking a bath, so I asked him to try again in ten minutes."

Li Mu nodded and said, "These people are really united … When one side is in trouble, all sides will help … I don't know when the entrepreneurs of Hua Xia will be as united as them …"

Li Ziwei said, "It should get better and better."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I hope so."

Then, Li Mu said, "Ziwei, put the phone here. Can you pour me a glass of whiskey to relieve my fatigue?"

"Okay." Li Ziwei put down the phone and turned to go to the bar in the corner of the living room.

Li Mu sat on the luxurious and comfortable sofa, looking at the scenery of Manhattan outside the window, and his heart was filled with emotion.

Through the operations of these capitalists today, it could really be seen that the people of the United States were indeed living in abyss of suffering.

Although it seemed that the country was rich and the people were strong, the elites of the United States were really too willing to take action against the middle and lower classes of ordinary people.

Today there was this bubble, tomorrow there would be another crisis. The capitalists were constantly getting rich, and the debts of ordinary people were getting higher and higher.

For example, the capitalists in the stock market were thinking about how to sell shares worth two dollars that they bought for one dollar at the price of twenty dollars.

Who to sell to?

Of course to ordinary people.

Then what?

He made 19 times the profit of each share to fool others. Why would he care about the life and death of the buyer?

Leonardo's "The Wolf of Wall Street" showed this principle.

While he was deep in thought, Li Ziwei handed him a glass of whiskey with ice. He took it and took a sip. Then, his phone rang.

Li Mu put down the glass unhurriedly and picked up the phone. "Hello, Davidson."

"Hello, Mr. Lee!"

Although Davidson Gao Bai was three times older than Li Mu, his voice was very humble.

Li Mu asked lazily, "Why are you calling me?"

Davidson Gao Bai hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, I was asked by some friends to apologize on their behalf."