Chapter 776

Li Mu appeared on the news again, but this time, he didn't have as many scenes as before. The news mainly focused on Minister Zhen's visit to Taobao for inspection, so Li Mu only appeared a few times as a supporting character and said a few words.

When the news was being broadcasted, Li Mu invited Dufy's eldest uncle, Shi Xuesong, to dinner.

The purpose of the dinner was very simple. Li Mu hoped to rent a few people from the Divine Sword Brigade to secretly protect his parents for a long time.

Since Du Fei was there and Li Mu's current fame was like the sun at high noon, Shi Xuesong agreed without much consideration.

Anyway, Li Mu could pay a very high salary, and he could arrange a high-paying job for his subordinates in advance. In his opinion, protecting Li Mu's parents was much easier than protecting Li Mu.

At the same time, in the conference room of the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee, the news of Minister Zhen's interview with Taobao was playing on the TV hanging on the wall. The Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, Ding Sicheng, was organizing a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Municipal Party Committee. Su Weimin was the only one who wasn't part of the Standing Committee, and he was also the one with the lowest official position. In terms of official position, he was the only one who was not part of the Standing Committee. However, the main character of this meeting was him, the head of the Municipal Bureau.

The topic of today's meeting was also very simple. It was about how to ensure Li Mu's personal safety on Saturday.

Li Mu would return to Haizhou on Saturday to donate money to the elderly, and he would meet the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee directly.

As the most famous and richest person in Haizhou, Li Mu's return to Haizhou naturally made the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee very excited.

Publicly, Li Mu was a billionaire. If he was willing to return to his hometown to invest in construction, it would definitely have a very positive impact on the GDP of Haizhou.

Privately, Li Mu was the pride of the people of the country, the darling of the first-line media, and the problem-solver in the eyes of the higher-ups. If they could get close to him, there would be endless benefits.

At the moment, the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee were only worried about one thing, and that was Li Mu's safety in Haizhou.

At the meeting, Ding Sicheng, the secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, asked Su Weimin to be personally responsible for Li Mu's safety, and in his own words, "Not only do we have to ensure Li Mu's safety in Haizhou, but we also have to ensure Li Mu's safety from the moment he gets off the plane in Jinling to the moment he takes the plane back.

Weimin, you're the person in charge of the Public Security Department. You'll be in charge of this matter. On Saturday, make sure to have a team of elite soldiers take charge of Li Mu's security from the moment he gets off the plane. "

Su Weimin was not very happy. At the thought of being asked to protect Li Mu, he felt uncomfortable.

It was not that he had any prejudice against Li Mu. As early as the moment Li Mu's identity was exposed, the prejudice he had against Li Mu in his heart had already disappeared. However, even if the prejudice was gone, he was still Su Yingxue's father. If he did not meet Li Mu when he came back, it would be fine. However, if they met, according to the rules of Haizhou, if a daughter had a boyfriend and her parents knew about it and did not have any objections, the man should at least buy some gifts and visit respectfully. But this time, when Li Mu came, he had become a follower to protect his safety, which made Su Weimin feel somewhat uncomfortable.

Ding Sicheng, the Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, said, "This time, Li Mu is coming here privately. It will not be made public, so all of you must keep it strictly confidential."

All the people present were members of the Standing Committee, so they were very sensitive. Naturally, they knew very well that this information could not be leaked. Su Weimin could only nod repeatedly. At the same time, he was thinking about how to protect Li Mu when the time came.

At this time, Ding Sicheng directly made a request to him, saying, "Weimin, arrange two teams of people. One team of plainclothes will protect Li Mu 24 hours a day, and the other team of traffic police will be responsible for clearing the road and clearing the traffic. Not only will they protect Li Mu from the airport to Haizhou, but as long as he is in Haizhou, you must send your best men to protect him 24 hours a day. There must be no mistakes. Do you understand?"

Su Weimin hurriedly nodded and said loudly, "Please rest assured, Secretary Ding. I will do my best!"

"Okay."

Ding Sicheng nodded and said, "You will be fully responsible for Li Mu's security this time. Also, I heard that Li Mu's parents are doing business in Haizhou?"

"I've learned about it before. His parents have opened several specialty clothing stores in Haizhou. Some time ago, there was a rumor that they wanted to contract the department store in Haizhou," said Su Weimin.

Ding Sicheng nodded thoughtfully. After a while, he suddenly had an idea and said, "I think that Li Mu's return this time is likely to be related to his parents. His identity has just been exposed, so he must be very busy. The TV just reported that he welcomed the inspection of Minister Zhen of the Economic and Trade Commission. Even if he really wants to help the lonely elderly in Haizhou, he shouldn't have chosen this busiest time. So I think it's more likely that he wants to meet us and have a chat about his parents' business or the safety of his parents."

With that said, Ding Sicheng pointed at the air and said to Su Weimin, "If it's the former, we can just listen to his request and try our best to satisfy it. But if it's the latter, I hope you can prepare a mature solution in advance and directly take it out to show your sincerity."

Su Weimin thought about it and felt that what Ding Sicheng said was not unreasonable. A person like Li Mu, who could do such a big business in such a short time, must have a very precise grasp of priorities. He was busy with all kinds of things at the moment, so how could he come back to donate money at such a critical time?

Besides, Li Mu's return this time was not made public, so it was impossible for him to fish for fame. So what was his purpose of coming back?

It seemed that it was 90% for his parents as Ding Sicheng had guessed.

Thinking up to this point, Su Weimin said, "If Li Mu is doing this for the safety of his parents, then we can promise him that we will send a group of police officers to protect his parents 24/7."

Ding Sicheng nodded and said, "This is the most basic. Anything else?"

"Anything else?" Su Weimin hesitated for a moment. Wasn't 24/7 protection enough?

Apart from this, how else could he guarantee the safety of his parents?

As he was thinking, Ding Sicheng said, "No matter what Li Mu's purpose is this time, we have to be clear about one thing: as long as Li Mu's parents continue to live in Haizhou in the future, we must adjust the safety of his parents to the highest level of daily work. Not only must there be police officers secretly protecting them 24/7, but we must also ensure that a large number of police officers can immediately coordinate support in case of any emergency. In addition, the personal safety of his other relatives must also be paid attention to."

With that, Ding Sicheng took a sip of tea and continued, "In the history of Haizhou, there has never been such a famous person in the country. We must show 1000%, 10,000% of our enthusiasm and thoughtfulness to move this person. If he is willing to contribute to his hometown, Haizhou's economy will have greater room for development in the future."

Upon hearing this, Su Weimin hurriedly said, "Secretary Ding, I'll go back tonight and come up with a plan. I'll give it to you tomorrow."

Ding Sicheng nodded slightly and reminded him, "Special circumstances require special treatment. There is only one purpose in the plan: don't be reluctant to give resources. Give as much as you can!"

…

Dragging his tired body home, his wife, Fang Min, and daughter, Su Yingxue, were watching TV in the living room.

Fang Min knew that her husband was going to the Standing Committee of the Municipal Government today. As soon as he came back, she asked curiously, "Why did the Standing Committee call you, the director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, to a meeting of the Standing Committee?"

Su Weimin was a little surprised when he received the request to attend the meeting from the Municipal Government Office in the afternoon. The secretary of the Municipal Party Committee had told him clearly that it was a Standing Committee meeting, which was the highest meeting of the Municipal Government. Under normal circumstances, Su Weimin had no right to attend it. Even if there was something that required his cooperation, it would be conveyed by the secretary of the Political and Legal Committee, who was in charge of him, after the Standing Committee meeting. It was the first time that he was asked to attend it directly.

After receiving Su Weimin's text message, Fang Min had been curious about why her husband would attend the Standing Committee meeting this time. In any case, it was not a bad thing to be able to attend a meeting of a higher level. It would be great if her husband could make some adjustments at this meeting.

Faced with his wife's question, Su Weimin sighed helplessly, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Fang Min couldn't help asking, "What the hell is going on?

Hurry up and tell me, I've been anxious for a long time. "

Su Weimin said with some hesitation, "It's an important task from the higher-ups. They called me over because they attach great importance to this task. On the other hand, it's also because time is tight. It'll save me more time to attend the meeting directly."

Fang Min nodded and said with a smile, "It's good to have an important task. It proves that the higher-ups value you. You just have to try to complete the task beautifully."

Then, Fang Min asked curiously, "What's the task? Is it convenient for you to tell me?

Did you ask for it to be confidential? "

Su Weimin said awkwardly, "I asked for it to be confidential. It was Secretary Ding himself who asked for it."

Fang Min shrugged and said, "Well, since you asked for it to be confidential, I won't ask."

Su Weimin said, "You won't ask, but I still want to say it." He really had a lot of pent-up anger in his heart.

As he was thinking, he looked at his daughter and asked her, "Yingxue, has Li Mu contacted you in the past two days?"

"No."

Su Yingxue said, "He left me a message on YY before. He said that he's been too busy recently, so he won't be using his old phone for the time being. He also gave me a new number, but I didn't call him because I didn't want to disturb his work."

Su Weimin frowned and asked her, "Do you know where he goes on the weekend?"

Su Yingxue smiled helplessly and said, "Dad, I told you that I didn't want to disturb his work, so I didn't contact him. How would I know where he goes on the weekend …"

Su Weimin was a little dissatisfied and said subconsciously, "This Li Mu is a little too much. Didn't he tell you that he's coming back on Saturday?"