Chapter 980

Hikvision was looking forward to the upcoming meeting with Li Mu.

Li Mu's influence on Hua Xia's Internet industry was too great. Ever since he made a name for himself in the Internet industry, he had not been tainted by anyone. Moreover, Li Mu was the driving force behind the development of the Internet industry. While the Internet industry was flourishing, it was also valued by the whole society. Therefore, for those working in the Internet and high-tech fields, they naturally had a good impression of Li Mu.

Hikvision was looking forward to some degree of cooperation with Li Mu, because Li Mu represented a huge resource and influence in the Internet industry. If they cooperated with him, the development of the company would be greatly promoted. This could be seen from the Shenzhou computer. Their current speed of development had entered a stage of explosive growth.

Everyone wanted to hitch a ride on Li Mu's coattails, including Hikvision. They had witnessed the rise of the Shenzhou computer with their own eyes. As a company that also focused on hardware, they were looking forward to becoming the second Shenzhou computer under Li Mu's big ecosystem.

It was precisely because everyone in the company was full of expectations for Li Mu that they did not realize that the famous Li Mu had already extended his sharp fangs to their newly established unpopular company.

This time, the representative sent by Hikvision to meet with Li Mu was Zhao Xianliang's old classmate, Zhong Xinhua. The reason why he was sent to represent the entire Hikvision, and even the entire 52 colleges, was mainly because he was an old acquaintance of Zhao Xianliang. Moreover, the reason why Li Mu came to talk about cooperation was also because of Zhao Xianliang's matchmaking. With this layer of relationship, Zhong Xinhua was naturally the most suitable representative to talk to Li Mu face-to-face.

Zhong Xinhua had long booked a teahouse by West Lake that was famous for its tea and snacks from Jiangsu and Zhejiang. For their first meeting, Li Mu and him had agreed to meet in private first to talk about the general direction. If the general direction was okay, the two parties would bring their teams to sit down and discuss in depth.

At 5: 30 in the afternoon, Li Mu met Zhong Xinhua in the agreed teahouse.

Zhong Xinhua was about the same age as Zhao Xianliang. He was already in his forties.

However, he was different from Zhao Xianliang, who had been in the business world for more than 20 years. Ever since he graduated from university, he had been immersed in scientific research for more than 20 years. Therefore, he looked a bit older than Zhao Xianliang. Half of the hair on his temples had already turned white. Li Mu felt that he was inconspicuous.

Zhong Xinhua looked more like an ordinary middle school teacher than a researcher. His clothes, figure, appearance, and temperament were all inconspicuous.

However, Zhong Xinhua was very familiar with Li Mu because he had seen too many interviews and reports of Li Mu's deeds. He did not feel unfamiliar at all when he met him for the first time. Instead, he felt that Li Mu was indeed as the media had described him. He exuded the aura of a successful person. Although he was young, his aura completely overwhelmed him.

Zhong Xinhua, who was a little nervous, shook hands with Li Mu. The two sat opposite each other. For the first time, he observed this legendary young man up close. He felt that he was no different from the one on TV. He was very casual, and as soon as they met, he took the initiative to call him Uncle Zhong, which made him feel a little flattered.

Li Mu and Zhong Xinhua first exchanged pleasantries, then they did not immediately go straight to the point. Instead, they casually chatted about the only person they knew in common, which was Zhao Xianliang.

Zhong Xinhua was very curious about how Li Mu knew Zhao Xianliang, who was more than 20 years older than him. Moreover, the two of them were engaged in very different fields, so it was reasonable to say that it would be difficult for them to have any interaction.

Because Zhong Xinhua was Zhao Xianliang's high school classmate, Li Mu said to Zhong Xinhua, "Uncle Zhong, to tell you the truth, Uncle Zhao's daughter is my girlfriend."

"Oh?" Zhong Xinhua's eyes widened, and he exclaimed, "Ziqiu is your girlfriend?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right."

Zhong Xinhua quickly came back to his senses and said happily, "I didn't expect you to be Xianliang's future son-in-law …"

Zhong Xinhua was very happy. Since Li Mu and Zhao Xianliang had such a relationship, and he and Zhao Xianliang were high school classmates and old friends, then in the future, Hikvision and Li Mu could tactfully play the emotional card, which would definitely be more beneficial to Hikvision.

Zhong Xinhua, who treated Hikvision as his own flesh and blood, was full of thoughts on how to make Hikvision develop better. Currently, Hikvision's predicament was extremely troubling to him, so he naturally hoped that Li Mu could provide Hikvision with timely support. If it was just business dealings, the terms of cooperation would definitely be relatively strict, but if they could mediate in the emotional aspect, there should be some room for compromise.

Li Mu didn't expect Zhong Xinhua to be so excited about his answer, but it was understandable when he thought about it carefully. Hua Xia was a society that relied on favors, and everyone wanted to use favors in exchange for benefits. This was understandable, as they could get a discount by looking for someone they knew, not to mention something as big as an investment. If the conditions were just a little more lenient, it would probably bring huge additional benefits to the company.

Zhong Xinhua's originally nervous mood eased a lot, and he asked Li Mu eagerly, "Li Zong has always been working in the Internet field, why did you suddenly turn your attention to security surveillance?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Uncle Zhong, the reason why I want to get involved in security surveillance is mainly because I want to use it as an entry point to get involved in hardware manufacturing."

Before taking over Hikvision, the "Skynet Surveillance System" plan was Li Mu's top secret to them, which was absolutely not to be revealed. Otherwise, once Hikvision realized that the country would be vigorously developing urban surveillance systems in the future, it would immediately be injected with a shot of adrenaline, and it would be even more difficult to take it down by then.

Zhong Xinhua was very surprised by Li Mu's answer. He originally thought that Li Mu had a great ambition for security surveillance, which was why he chose this industry. He didn't expect that Li Mu only wanted to use security surveillance as an entry point.

Zhong Xinhua asked Li Mu curiously, "Li Zong, if you want to go into hardware, there are many fields that are better than security surveillance, right?

And the market is much bigger. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Hardware is a very long-term direction in my future planning, so I can't choose fields that are too popular. The more popular the field, the fiercer the competition, and the more difficult it will be to start from scratch in this field."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "If Makino Technology's first hardware project is to choose a popular field, and then plunge into it for two or three years without any results, it will be a huge blow to everyone's confidence and enthusiasm. I prefer to choose less popular fields for the team to practice, and strive to achieve results quickly. With a smooth start, it will be good for everyone to work hard in one go."

Zhong Xinhua carefully pondered the meaning behind Li Mu's words, and felt that not only was he right, but he was also very wise.

Compared to software, hardware required more powerful technical accumulation. It was too difficult to catch up in the popular hardware field, and it would take too long to achieve.

In contrast, Zhong Xinhua also admitted that security surveillance was currently not a popular industry both at home and abroad, especially in China, where the market demand was pitifully small, and there were only a few companies in the same industry. Even Hikvision had only been established for less than a year, and it was almost a virgin land.

Zhong Xinhua was afraid that Li Mu would have a "cold" first impression of security surveillance, and thus lower his attention and valuation of Hikvision, so he said to Li Mu, "In fact, I think the domestic security surveillance industry will usher in a blowout in the next few years. The domestic financial industry, such as banking, securities, precious metals, and so on, now has an increasing demand for surveillance products. So although this industry is not popular now, it will definitely have a bright future."

Li Mu nodded and thought, "I should know this better than you. Even if you developed the security monitoring system, you may not dare to imagine that in the future, every city in Huaxia will be covered by video surveillance. What's more, you may not dare to imagine that there will be as many as dozens of cameras with various functions at a crossroads. In the future, the public transportation system will also be covered by video surveillance. Even in the future, almost half of the private cars will have a driving recorder for continuous recording." Li Mu nodded.

By taking over Hikvision and integrating a complete security surveillance industry chain, Li Mu would be able to reach the peak of the security surveillance industry in advance, and at the same time, accumulate a lot of technology for the larger hardware market in the future.

Li Mu said to Zhong Xinhua, "Uncle Zhong, I do have a certain level of confidence in the security surveillance industry, so this is the main reason why I came to meet you. However, I would like to know, what is the current self-valuation of Hikvision in the capital market?"

If a company wanted to raise funds, it would first have to come up with a self-valuation, including the amount of shares it was willing to use to raise funds. The investors would then bargain according to the specific situation of the company, and finally come up with a price that both parties could agree on. Hikvision was no exception.

Before Zhong Xinhua came, Hikvision had already held an internal meeting, and after analyzing many practical situations, they came up with a proposal.

Seeing that Li Mu took the initiative to ask, Zhong Xinhua said, "Our current idea is to sell about 30% of the shares at a valuation of 40 million."

Zhong Xinhua did not have much confidence in a valuation of 40 million. In fact, the current Hikvision was not worth that much, and if it were to be placed in the capital market, it would probably be worth around 30 million.

After saying this price, Zhong Xinhua looked at Li Mu with a guilty conscience, worried that this price would make Li Mu feel that Hikvision was insincere, and also worried that if Li Mu were to bargain, it would be too much.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "Uncle Zhong, I respect the value of the core technology. Although I don't know much about Hikvision, I still agree with its valuation. 40 million yuan might be a little high in the eyes of other investors, but in my eyes, this price is very realistic, and even a little low."

Zhong Xinhua asked in surprise, "Does Li Zong agree with our price?"

Li Mu smiled noncommittally and said, "If we cooperate, I can give Hikvision a valuation of 50 million yuan."

Zhong Xinhua felt like he was dreaming. Why did Li Mu not lower the price, but take the initiative to raise the price for Hikvision?