Chapter 1713

In all of Yiwu, there were at least a hundred suspects like Wang Zhongyun who were arrested for infringement of panda bears.

The Public Security Bureau, the People's Procuratorate, the People's Court, the Industry and Commerce Bureau, and the Tax Bureau all received instructions from their superiors that panda bears, as the world's most popular cartoon character, were related to the international image of Hua Xia's tourism and cultural industries. They must ensure that the piracy problem was completely solved.

For a time, all of Yiwu, and even the entire domestic small commodity industry, was in a state of panic.

Originally, products related to the panda bear were the most popular. Now, all products related to the panda bear had become hot potatoes.

The Industry and Commerce Bureau invested a lot of energy in the small commodity market to investigate and inspect. As long as they found pirated panda bear products, they would immediately implement the "three-step" process.

The first step was to close down the shop and seal up the pirated goods.

The second step was to impose fines and penalties according to the regulations on industry and commerce administration.

The third step was to notify the Public Security Bureau and the Tax Bureau to conduct a joint investigation to see if there was any tax evasion, or if it was enough for the Public Security Bureau to file a case.

After receiving similar cases, the Public Security Bureau immediately divided into three groups. First, they controlled the vendors and wholesalers, and then investigated their upper and lower levels.

Next, they had to find the source of production, which was a manufacturer like Wang Zhongyun.

Next, they had to find the detailed flow of the goods, find the lower level wholesalers, and finally the retailers.

If they found that the wholesalers and retailers were not in Yiwu's jurisdiction, they had to immediately contact the local police.

As for Yiwu's Tax Bureau, they would conduct a detailed tax investigation on every enterprise and individual suspected of manufacturing and selling pirated goods. Every income must be sorted out and the tax evasion must be found out and submitted to the judicial department.

Now, any vendor in the small commodity industry in Yiwu would avoid panda bear products as soon as they saw them. In the past two days, around Yiwu's small commodity market, on the streets and alleys of the city, and even in the suburbs and the wild, abandoned pirated panda bear products could be seen everywhere.

The peddlers who had not been found had long discarded all the panda bear products. Some even burned them, for fear that they would be implicated if there were any clues.

Under such a strong crackdown, it only took a few days for Yiwu to not see any enterprises or workshops producing panda bear-related products, let alone vendors selling related products.

Such strong law enforcement was not only in Yiwu.

The police and industrial and commercial bureaus across the country also received instructions from their superiors. If the information from Yiwu pointed to the local area, then they must find the goods and the seller. All the goods would naturally be destroyed. As for the seller, they would be dealt with according to the amount of money involved.

If the amount involved was low, it would be subject to industrial and commercial penalties; if the amount involved was high, it would be subject to industrial and commercial and administrative penalties; if the amount involved was large, it would be subject to industrial and commercial and criminal prosecution.

In this way, even small traders who had sunk into various regions and counties could not escape the scope of the anti-piracy operation.

For example, vendors who set up stalls in front of the school gates selling panda bear-related products would first have all their infringing goods confiscated, and then they would have to accept a fine from the Industrial and Commercial Bureau. The Public Security Bureau would also take them away for investigation. As long as there was any act of selling fake goods, it would be registered. Even if they were released, they would be closely watched.

This was not the relevant departments making a mountain out of a molehill. At this stage, the popularity of the panda bear had risen to an unprecedented height. With the continuous increase of Makino Technology's licensing companies, the influence of the panda bear continued to rise.

Coca-Cola, McDonald's, major airlines, Nokia mobile phones, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Sony, Nike, Adidas, Zara, Uniqlo, BMW Mini, Lego, Hasbro, and many other companies. Even many game companies hoped to be able to insert the image of the panda bear into their own games, but the latter were all rejected by Li Mu.

Now, the image of the panda bear was spread across all walks of life, and almost all of the cooperative enterprises were the world's top. It had become the pride of the people. Therefore, the industrial and commercial bureaus, as well as the public security and judicial departments, attached great importance to panda bear infringement cases.

The legal department of Makino Technology found seven top ten law firms in Zhe Province and spent more than ten million yuan on the cooperation advance alone. They gathered all the lawyers from these seven law firms to do the anti-piracy work.

Li Mu's request was that as long as the public security organ arrested someone, even if it was only administrative detention for a few days, the legal personnel must follow up with the prosecution.

At the same time, Li Mu also set a standard for prosecution of cases. As long as the amount involved exceeded five thousand yuan, the legal team of Makino Technology, as well as the external cooperative law firms, must sue.

According to Li Mu's cost plan, as long as the amount involved in the case was more than five thousand yuan, Muye Technology was willing to pay up to twice the cost to win the lawsuit. They were determined to exterminate the pirate peddlers.

At the very least, they could not let any illegal peddlers use the image of the panda bear for profit, because this was the biggest attraction of tourism in Hua Xia overseas at this stage.

…

Recently, there were more and more overseas tourists traveling to Hua Xia through Taobao. However, Taobao only had packages departing from Los Angeles or San Francisco. This made tourists from Europe, Japan, and South Korea feel particularly depressed. They kept making requests to Taobao, hoping that Taobao would open up more travel routes, especially to Hua Xia.

At present, users chose the same route, the same itinerary, the same air tickets, hotels, and travel services. If they used the Taobao package, it would be at least 40% cheaper than completely free travel. It was also more worry-free and safer.

Therefore, most of the users who wanted to travel to Hua Xia in the near future were still looking forward to Taobao opening up more international routes.

Li Mu himself did not have many overseas connections. In the United States, apart from Hollywood and Schwarzenegger, he had no other political connections. However, he had a deep relationship with the United Kingdom. Not only did he have close contacts with the royal family, but he also received the Queen's title. It could be seen that the Queen had the idea of letting him take care of William. Therefore, the first new route he wanted to expand was the United Kingdom.

Although the United Kingdom was not the geographical center of Europe, London Heathrow Airport was the airport with the largest throughput in Europe. Therefore, opening up a route from London to Hua Xia not only opened up the opportunity for the British to enjoy cost-effective tourism products through Taobao, but also opened up a relatively cost-effective route for the whole of Europe.

Excluding Russia, which was rejected by Europe, Europe was not very large, and the transportation was very developed. There were four major transportation hubs in the whole of Europe, one was London, the other was Paris, Germany, Frankfurt, and the Netherlands.

From the last three transportation hubs to London by plane, it basically took about an hour, and the farthest Frankfurt only took about an hour and a half.

In this way, it was much more feasible to use London as an exit for the whole of Western Europe to travel to Hua Xia.

Moreover, if he chose the Eurostar to go to London from France or Belgium, the entire journey would only take a little more than two hours. For a transnational and intercontinental tour, an extra one or two hours of travel was basically insignificant, but it could save a lot of money. This was the most important point.

In fact, choosing Germany as the exit for the whole of Europe would be more reasonable and scientific overall, but the key was that Li Mu did not know many people in Germany, and he did not have any local connections, so it was relatively troublesome to operate.

What's more, choosing London for this matter was also a favor to William.

There were a large number of tourists from all over Europe who wanted to travel to China, and there were many tourists in the United Kingdom itself. They were eager to have an exit for Europe. If William came forward and invited Makino Technology to open a travel route from London to several major cities in Hua Xia, for these tourists, their favorable impression of William would greatly increase.

For Li Mu, the best thing about choosing the United Kingdom was that the Windsor family could help him communicate with the local tourism resource companies in the United Kingdom, such as local airlines, tourism companies, hotel groups, and so on.

And because there were too many European countries, Li Mu also asked the Windsor family to help him solve a problem, which was the problem of going to London from various European countries.

In Li Mu's view, if he set the European exit in London, it would naturally attract a large number of European tourists to London and then fly directly to Hua Xia. Therefore, he hoped that the European airlines could give certain discounts to the users who booked free travel from London to Hua Xia.

The way to provide this discount was: the airline opened the online booking channel for Taobao to give a discount of at least 20% lower than the market price when booking tickets directly online.

However, Li Mu also promised the airline that they would not sell their tickets in large quantities at a low price, but would bundle these discounted tickets with the London travel package.

For example, if a tourist from Berlin bought a travel package from London to a certain city in Hua Xia from Taobao to Taobao, he would be able to book a 20% discount on the round-trip ticket from Berlin to London.

At the same time, Li Mu also hoped that the Windsor family could help him communicate with the operator of London Heathrow Airport. All tourists who bought the Taobao to Hua Xia would be able to enjoy the VIP security check channel and waiting room treatment at London Heathrow Airport.

Currently, there were ticket companies selling the VIP security check channel and waiting room services at Heathrow Airport for economy class passengers to choose from. The price of a single passenger in the VIP security check channel was about 5 pounds, and the price of a single passenger in the VIP waiting room was about 25 pounds.

However, the actual service cost was about 3 pounds for the security check channel, and 5-8 pounds for the VIP waiting room.

Makino Technology was willing to pay the airport 15 pounds for its own tourists. Of course, this money was just wool coming from the sheep's back. Li Mu had to add at least 15 to 20 pounds to the package.

For tourists from developed countries, the overall cost of travel services was not the pursuit of the lower the total price, but the pursuit of the higher the price-performance ratio, the better.

For example, for tourists from developing China, paying an extra 15 pounds to enjoy the fast lane and VIP waiting room did not feel that it was a discount. Instead, they felt that it was very expensive and unnecessary.

However, when most tourists from developed countries calculated the price-performance ratio, they would change their way of thinking. They would feel that it was a very cost-effective thing to get these two additional upgraded services with a little extra cost. It would become a bonus item for the entire travel package.

The Windsor family accepted all of Li Mu's requirements, and then Prince Charles personally coordinated his connections to strive for the preferential conditions that Li Mu wanted. For the Windsor family, they hoped that the London route would be opened as soon as possible than Li Mu!