Chapter 959

In addition to reporting the case in person, Gu Jianghe also had an idea to ask the leader of the ministry.

For such a big case, as the director of the municipal bureau, he did not dare to suppress it from being exposed. God knew what kind of tricks Li Mu had up his sleeve. If the municipal bureau covered it up and gave him a bad impression, it would not be worth it.

In fact, since the case had been solved, the hostages were safe, and none of the suspects were caught, even if the municipal bureau was a little embarrassed in sorting out the key clues, it was, after all, the key to solving the case. The hostages were also rescued by the municipal bureau. The whole process took less than 24 hours, and it was a very successful case solving process.

Therefore, for Gu Jianghe, as long as he guided the public to know that it was not that the Yan Jing police could not think of a good way, but that when there was a better way from the outside world, the Yan Jing police decisively adopted it and quickly used this method to locate and successfully rescue the hostages and arrest the suspects.

In this way, even if the whole truth was announced to the outside world, it would not smear the reputation of the Yan Jing police.

After careful consideration, the leader of the ministry said to Gu Jianghe in person, "Our suggestion is to announce the truth to the outside world. First of all, it can make the outside world more confident in the efficiency of the public security, and improve the public security's image. Most importantly, if Li Mu wants to make the Skynet system and further interest the local governments, we have to show them some negative cases."

As he spoke, the leader added, "Yan Jing's city surveillance is already considered a lot in the country, but even so, once the criminals have a little anti-detection awareness, they can immediately avoid all the surveillance, so that the public security can not find the key clues in a short time. If the same case happened in other cities, wouldn't it be even more confusing?

If there is a city surveillance system, the criminals will naturally have nowhere to hide. Not only can such cases be reduced, but other criminal cases will also be greatly reduced. "

Gu Jianghe immediately nodded and said, "Then I'll go back and prepare for the press conference."

The leader reminded him, "You still have to say hello to Li Mu, but you have to pay attention to your words and communication methods. First of all, you can't ask for his opinion. You have to send a message to him that this case has been announced to the public. The reason why you call him is out of respect for him and the victims. If he personally and the victims do not want to disclose their personal information, then the police will hide their real identities at the press conference. Otherwise, if you ask for his opinion and he says that he does not want to disclose his identity to the public, you will be passive."

Gu Jianghe immediately understood what the leader meant. The announcement must be made. This general tone was set by the ministry, and he must not disobey it. After the ministry set the tone, his task was to explain it to Li Mu, and then let him choose whether to reveal his identity or not. This was enough respect for him.

"Then I'll go back and prepare for the press conference. I will call Li Mu."

"Okay, let's do that!"

Before Gu Jianghe left the ministry, the leader reminded him again, "Remember to communicate with Li Mu about the Skynet surveillance system. Once there is a specific plan, ask him to come to the ministry for a chat."

"Okay!"

…

For Li Mu, who had slept for more than ten hours, when he woke up, there were only two things on his mind: How was Wei Lan, and to meet with the technology expert Fang Xudong for a chat.

As for what kind of shock and madness the 8.22 billion Taobao had caused in the country today, as the initiator, he did not care.

For students who occasionally got full marks, they might still pay attention to how their parents, teachers, and classmates praised them. For a student like Li Mu who got full marks, it was no longer important for him to be shocked by the results.

In Li Mu's view, through this big promotion, Taobao had completely opened the door for people to buy fast consumer goods online. The situation had been opened, and the remaining operation work was handed over to Lei Jianguo. As for the logistics work, naturally, Liu Shixiong would take care of it. He did not need to worry too much.

After getting up, Li Mu first called Wei Lan. At this time, Wei Lan's mental state was a little sluggish. She had insomnia until early in the morning. She barely slept for a while, but she did not sleep well at all. She woke up after two or three hours, and then she could not fall asleep again. At this time, she just ate some takeout with Dufy.

When Wei Lan received Li Mu's call and heard Li Mu asking about her with concern on the phone, her somewhat dispirited mental state immediately improved.

"I'm fine. How about you?

How was your rest? "

Hearing that Wei Lan's voice was still a little weak, Li Mu said, "I'm fine. I'll be fine after a nap. You, on the other hand, must rest well and adjust your condition."

Wei Lan grunted and said with a smile, "Don't worry, Dufy has been taking care of me. We just ate something."

Dufy hurriedly said in shame, "Aiya, I'm at most accompanying you. I'm really not good at taking care of people. I don't even know how to cook, and I still have to trouble you to eat takeout with me."

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "What nonsense are you talking about? You accompanying me is taking care of me."

As she said that, Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "I'll rest for two days at most. I'll get to work as soon as possible when it's about time."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry about it first. I originally wanted to call everyone out for dinner tonight to help you calm down, but Taobao's promotion this time is pretty good. They're having a celebration party at Kempinski tonight, so I can't be absent. So, you should rest well for another day. The day after tomorrow, we'll have a small party at Ziyun Villa. I'll hire a French chef to come and cook."

Wei Lan subconsciously said, "There's no need to go through so much trouble. If you have something to do, just do it. I'm fine now."

Li Mu said, "Then it's settled. I'll call the owner of Fayue Restaurant later and ask him to send a few chefs. It's best if there's an outdoor barbecue. You're most familiar with that villa at Ziyun Villa. It's not bad to have an outdoor barbecue in this season."

Wei Lan's original intention was not to let Li Mu trouble her because she owed him too much. She wished that she could never let him do anything for her in this life, and instead, she would do it for him. However, Li Mu's proposal also reflected his concern for her. Not only did he want to have a dinner party to help her calm down, but most importantly, he didn't choose any hotel or restaurant. Instead, he chose the villa at Ziyun Villa that she sold to him. This was really considerate.

After experiencing the nightmare of being kidnapped, even if Wei Lan was a strong woman, her heart was relatively fragile at this time. At the same time, she really needed the company of friends. If she went to those public places, it was more or less inappropriate for her to go in her current state. However, if she went to Ziyun Villa, it would be different. First of all, it was a completely private villa with a courtyard. Moreover, it was designed and decorated by herself. Not only was she very familiar with it, but she also had a lot of feelings for it. If she chose to have dinner there with a few people from the company, Wei Lan's heart would feel much warmer.

Hearing that Li Mu had arranged everything and knew that he wouldn't change his decision easily, Wei Lan nodded and said, "Thank you. Then I'll trouble you to arrange it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, wait for my arrangement."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu immediately washed up and drove to Makino Technology.

A large group of media reporters began to wait at Taobao since early in the morning. They waited until the afternoon, but they didn't see Li Mu's shadow.

All the media reporters were very puzzled. Logically speaking, Taobao had just made such a dazzling achievement. As the company's boss, Li Mu should come over to boost the morale, motivate the employees, and listen to the summary report. Why was there still no sign of him after more than half a day had passed?

They didn't expect that when Taobao was at its peak, Li Mu would quietly go to Makino Technology and meet with Fang Xudong and Lin Ching-ah in private.

Recently, the development team of Makino Technology had been growing. Because of the continuous improvement of the company's image and the generous salary, many Hua Xia and Chinese netizens who worked in overseas Internet companies chose to develop in Makino Technology. At present, the development team of Makino Technology was not only the top in China, but even in Silicon Valley, this scale was not inferior to most companies.

At the same time, Li Mu had now asked Lin Ching-ah to start local recruitment in Silicon Valley. The branch was about to be located in Silicon Valley. At that time, Makino Technology would also recruit a large number of overseas employees in Silicon Valley. The three main talents to be recruited in the future were: software, hardware, and product development.

The technical team continued to expand, but Fang Xudong was still the CTO of the entire Makino Technology. He no longer personally led many development projects, but for every development demand of Li Mu, he would first communicate with Fang Xudong, and then Fang Xudong would coordinate the preparation and set up the development team.

Li Mu called Fang Xudong and Lin Ching-ah. On the one hand, it was because he wanted to communicate with Fang Xudong about the development issues. On the other hand, he wanted to give Fang Xudong a development task. Fang Xudong would definitely have a lot of support needs, especially the Skynet system. He needed to have in-depth contact with the hardware, and all kinds of procurement and supporting equipment needed Lin Ching-ah to be responsible for the coordination.

The three sat down in Li Mu's office. Li Mu did not talk to Fang Xudong about the concept of the Skynet system. Instead, he came up to confirm with Fang Xudong the launch time of the logistics management system.

Fang Xudong's reply to Li Mu was: After a series of development and testing, the Taobao logistics management system has entered the final stage of linkage testing, and it can be put into use in late October.

In terms of the hardware of this logistics management system, the application of the scanning gun was crucial. Therefore, it was necessary to ensure the scanning speed of the scanning gun's manual and mechanical scanning. At the same time, it was necessary to ensure the stability and timeliness of the database writing. The hardware laboratory under Fang Xudong had done a lot of selection and improvement, and even software optimization. In the end, the efficiency and success rate of scanning the code were increased by nearly 50% on the basis of the hardware. This was of great significance to saving manpower.

In addition, there was also the online ticket system. Fang Xudong gave a very detailed introduction to this system to Li Mu.

As the hardware of the online ticket system was more involved, not only did they have to design a set of machines that did not exist before, which was the ticket collection machine, but they also had to design a special computer for the ticket collection machine. Fang Xudong customized a new special computer from the Shenzhou computer. This computer was equipped with the Windows system, an LCD screen and a special keyboard. At the same time, it was connected to the Internet and a thermal paper printer.

Fang Xudong said, "A large part of the online ticket system's effort was spent on the hardware design. If we use a resistive touch screen now, the cost is too high, so we simply developed a special software system with a special keyboard. Just like the ATM machines in banks, users only need to enter the ticket collection code and confirm it. Then, they can wait for the thermal paper printer to print the ticket. Now, the whole set of hardware has been tested in our hardware laboratory, but we still need the OEM company to mass produce it, and then carry out another round of hardware and software testing. It is expected to be completed in late November."

Li Mu nodded. "I have no objections to the two timings of these two systems. Just advance according to your plan. I don't ask for rapid development, but I want the system to be stable and efficient. One of these two systems is directly related to our logistics efficiency, and the other is our user experience. The online ticket system is something that subverts tradition. The user experience must be good, and it must be better. Only then can the user follow us to subvert tradition. As long as the user takes the initiative to adopt the new method, we don't have to worry about other cinema chains not accepting it."

Fang Xudong said solemnly, "Don't worry, Li Zong. We will definitely do our best to ensure the perfect operation of the two systems!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the future, regarding the development of hardware and software, even the laboratory, if you have any needs, just let me know. The company will try to satisfy them as much as possible. Science and technology are the number one productive force. We must abide by this principle until the end."

Fang Xudong smiled and asked, "Li Zong, when will our financing be decided?

We are still waiting to see how much financing we need before we speak to you. "

Li Mu asked him, "Don't worry about how much financing we need. Just tell me how much you want first."

Fang Xudong hesitated for a moment and said, "The ideal result is to be able to increase the budget by 50 million US dollars, which will be used to strengthen our R&D capabilities in hardware and software. More than half of it will be invested in hardware. I feel that with the development of Makino Technology and Taobao in the future, our demand for hardware customization will increase!"

Li Mu nodded and did not answer Fang Xudong's question about the budget. Instead, he smiled mysteriously and said to him, "This is also one of the reasons why I asked you to come today. Not only do I plan to increase the investment in hardware and software development after the financing is in place, but I also want to buy a hardware company to give you a new try."

Fang Xudong was stunned. "Buy a hardware company?

What kind of hardware company? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "A company specializing in the production of video surveillance equipment!"

Fang Xudong was dumbfounded. "Video surveillance equipment?

For what? "

Li Mu smiled and spat out two words, "Sky-net!"

…