Chapter 683

Secretary Dong's words made Wang Shaohua's heart skip a beat.

He bit the bullet and said, "I'm sorry, Secretary Dong. Something happened at home today, so I asked Director Ma for personal leave in advance yesterday."

Secretary Dong frowned slightly and looked at Ma Bingliang, "Director Ma, did Comrade Shaohua ask you for leave?"

Ma Bingliang knew that he couldn't avoid confronting Wang Shaohua. Anyway, he had already made up his mind to teach Wang Shaohua a lesson, so he lied, "Secretary Dong, Shaohua did ask me for leave yesterday, but I told him that you and I will attend a meeting of the municipal government today. After I come back, there should be a message from the municipal government and work arrangements, so I didn't approve his request."

Wang Shaohua suddenly became anxious, "Director Ma, what do you mean? I have already given you the leave slip yesterday, and you also approved it. You also said that the leave slip is with you, and you can communicate directly with the human resources department."

Ma Bingliang waved his hand. "You must have remembered wrongly. This morning, Secretary Dong and I will be attending the City Government's meeting about Line 10. You have been working in the company for so long, and you should know how important it is for us to start the construction of the subway line. After we return from the City Government, we will hold a meeting in advance. How can I allow you to take leave for such an important meeting?"

"Director Ma, you …"

Wang Shaohua felt that he was cheated by Ma Bingliang. Before the subway line was finalized, the progress and situation of the line discussion were highly confidential. The municipal government issued a document for the relevant leaders of the Housing and Urban-Rural Development Commission to attend the meeting, but it was also directly conveyed to the participants, and it was required to be kept secret. Not to mention him, few people in the unit knew that they went to attend the representative meeting of Line 10 today. It was even more impossible for Ma Bingliang to inform him in advance.

Now Ma Bingliang used this to pressure him, which was too unreasonable.

Wang Shaohua wanted to argue, but Secretary Dong was no longer in the mood to listen to him. From his perspective, there was no need to investigate the essence of this matter. He only looked at the immediate impact of this matter, and the pros and cons of it for himself.

In Secretary Dong's view, this was a good time to establish his authority and also a critical moment to express his stance to the people below. Wang Shaohua happened to hit the muzzle at this time. This move was simply too considerate. He only needed to pull the trigger, which saved him time and effort, and could also achieve excellent results.

Hence, Secretary Dong said with a dark face, "Shaohua, you are also an old employee in the unit. At such a critical time, not only did you take leave, I heard that you even took leave to renovate your house?

Is renovating the house more important than work? "

Wang Shaohua knew that Secretary Dong had a deep misunderstanding of him, so he could only explain honestly, "Secretary Dong, I did ask for leave, but it is not to renovate the house. Think about it. The renovation of the house will take at least 3 to 5 months. What can I solve by asking for a day off?

It's mainly because my daughter has just finished her college entrance examination. I haven't told her about the new house, so I wanted to bring her there today to give her a surprise … "

Secretary Dong snorted and said: "Whether you are applying for leave or absenteeism is not decided yet!

What's more, I've been telling you for the past half a month that we have to be extremely tense during this period of time. Don't you know why we have to be so tense?

Many Olympic projects are going to start this year. Our unit has a great responsibility. Is this a serious and responsible work attitude for you to leave your post at this time for a little personal matter? "

When Wang Shaohua heard this, he understood in his heart that it was useless to say anything now. Secretary Dong was obviously going to make an example out of him. In addition, Ma Bingliang had been looking for opportunities to make things difficult for him. With the cooperation of the two of them, he would be set as a negative example of absenteeism at a critical time. He might even be criticized internally.

Just when Wang Shaohua was at a loss of what to do, Secretary Dong waved his hand and said to Wang Shaohua, "Okay, you go out first. I have something to discuss with Director Ma."

Wang Shaohua could only nod and said, "Then you two go ahead with your work. I'll go out first."

After Wang Shaohua went out, Secretary Dong's expression also softened. He said to Ma Bingliang, "Take Wang Shaohua's matter as an example. First, circulate a notice of criticism, then suspend him for a month. Let him reflect on himself. The most important thing is to use him to teach the whole unit a lesson and let them prepare for the start of Line 10!"

On the surface, Secretary Dong wanted to use Wang Shaohua to warn the staff and let them face the important period positively. But in fact, he wanted to use Wang Shaohua to establish his authority. He was familiar with the position during this period, and it was the best time to prepare for the team and gather real power. So at this time, with Wang Shaohua as a negative example, the effect couldn't be any better.

Ma Bingliang was overjoyed. He nodded and said, "Don't worry, Secretary Dong. I'll do it now."

Wang Shaohua circulated a notice of criticism and suspended for a month. This punishment was considered very severe in the government. At least, he had a stain of being criticized. It would be much more difficult for him to climb up in the future. But for Ma Bingliang, this punishment was still too weak.

So, he said to Secretary Dong hesitantly, "I still have something, but I don't know if I should say it …"

Secretary Dong had the intention to cultivate Ma Bingliang as a confidant, so he directly knocked on the table and urged, "Old Ma, if you have something to say, just say it. Don't be so reserved when talking to me in my office."

"Yes!"

Ma Bingliang hurriedly nodded and said with a worried face, "Recently, there have been some rumors about Wang Shaohua in the unit. Someone said that he just bought a two-hundred-square-meter large duplex in Hua Fu Mansion. The market price is more than two million. Someone also said that he didn't buy the house with his own money. It was a gift from someone else. When I asked him, he admitted that it was true, but he told me that the house was a gift from his daughter's cousin's boyfriend."

"His daughter's cousin's boyfriend gave him a two-million-yuan house?!" Secretary Dong frowned. "He really said that?"

Ma Bingliang raised his right hand and said with certainty, "It's absolutely true. He said it himself."

Secretary Dong immediately said, "Find out!

While Wang Shaohua is suspended for a month, find out where he got that house. If there's anything fishy about it, report it to the Commission for Discipline Inspection immediately! "

Ma Bingliang immediately nodded, stood up and said, "Then I'll go arrange it now. I'll first suspend him, and send out the notice of criticism this afternoon."

Secretary Dong waved his hand. "Go."

As soon as Ma Bingliang left, Secretary Dong received a call. The person on the other side was his former university classmate. Now, he was working in a state-owned bank's Beijing branch. Although the two of them didn't have a direct relationship at work, they got along very well over the years and had always been very good friends.

The person on the other side asked him about the specific situation of Line 10. Secretary Dong didn't hide anything and said honestly, "There's a large-scale representative meeting about Line 10 today. Although the specific results weren't announced at the meeting, the leaders of the municipal government have already begun to communicate with the various departments. The final results will probably be out in the next week."

The person on the other side sighed. "This time, the municipal government is really too secretive. It's going to be announced soon, but until now, there's still no concrete information."

Secretary Dong smiled and said, "Old Zhou, Line 10 is not just a matter of the municipal government. Even the Yanjing Organizing Committee and the higher-ups are paying attention to it. This is an Olympic project, and there can't be any mistakes. So, the confidentiality level is very high."

The person on the other side asked again, "Didn't the meeting in the morning reveal any clues?

Do you think the probability of East Third Ring Road or Da Wang Road is higher? "

"I don't know."

Secretary Dong snorted. "This is just a briefing to let the other related departments prepare in advance. If not, we might not be able to keep up with the pace. Furthermore, do you think I have everything under control? My department's job is to follow the City Government's roadmap and set the next phase of our work. To be honest, you might have known about this earlier than me. After all, you are from the bank, and many people treat you as their God of Fortune." Dong Xuebing was speechless. Secretary Dong snorted.

"That's enough."

The person on the other side smiled and said, "If that's the case, then I won't disturb you anymore. I will treat you to a meal later."

Secretary Dong was about to say some polite words and hang up, but he could not help but ask, "What's going on, Old Zhou? Why are you concerned about this?"

The person on the other side hesitated for a while and said, "Just keep it to yourself. Young Master Chen from the Ministry of Finance and another person set up a real estate company. They bought six pieces of land at East Third Ring Road, and they got the loan from me. They still want to mortgage the rest of the land to me after the road map is announced. Young Master Chen said he will treat me to dinner tonight to discuss this matter. I want to ask you if you have any news. If the probability of East Third Ring Road is high, then I will take it up with Young Master Chen tonight. If the probability of Da Wang Road is high, then I will have to talk to him."

Secretary Dong raised his eyebrows. "Which Young Master Chen?

Could it be … "

The person on the other side immediately said, "Yes, that's him."

"Oh my god!"

Secretary Dong sighed. "Not bad, Zhou Hongming. You can even make friends with Young Master Chen!"

The person on the other side smiled bitterly. "What's the use of making friends? If Young Master Chen gambles on the wrong property, then I will be in trouble too!"

Secretary Dong hurriedly said, "Why don't you introduce me to Young Master Chen?

No matter what, if he really has six pieces of land, and if East Third Ring Road is really set for Line 10, he will have to get my approval if he wants to start construction. If you are the matchmaker, I will definitely be able to provide Young Master Chen with a lot of convenience in the future. Wouldn't it look good on you? "

To people like Secretary Dong, Chen Ze's status was much higher than his. If he could get to know Chen Ze, even if it was just to get to know him, it would definitely be beneficial for him in the future.

When the other party heard this, he knew what Dong Xuebing was up to. But no matter what, what he said made sense. No matter which route Line 10 took, the construction of these six plots of land had to go through the Construction Committee. If they got to know each other in advance, it would bring Chen Ze a lot of benefits. He would also be doing Chen Ze a favor, and he would also be doing Secretary Dong a favor. It was killing two birds with one stone, so why not?