Chapter 314

Seeing that Han Xiaoxiao recognized him, Xu Jiahui felt embarrassed, but he still rolled down the window. Zhao Ziqiu also saw Xu Jiahui, and a trace of surprise flashed across his face, but in the next moment, he turned his head and set his eyes on Li Mu.

Xu Jiahui greeted Han Xiaoxiao. Facing her question, he told her that Li Mu was his brother's friend. Han Xiaoxiao nodded. She wanted to ask him why he didn't greet them for so long in the car, but when she thought that the four women didn't notice him after sitting in the car for so long, she gave up on this awkward question.

Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu walked side by side into the branch building, and he whispered to her, "Later, when you take down the statement, you have to answer honestly what the police ask you. But you have to remember one thing. You have to emphasize to the police that when that Feng called me today, he asked for money."

Zhao Ziqiu knew Li Mu's intention. She hesitated and asked, "If that's the case, won't it be too severe for him?"

Li Mu said, "You don't know what will happen to this kind of person the next time you meet him, so you might as well let him stay in jail for a while."

Zhao Ziqiu was a little hesitant, and she said awkwardly, "But if that's the case …"

"Don't say 'but'."

Li Mu said, "And this is because he didn't hurt you. If he really hurt you today, I will give him a life sentence even if I have to sell everything I have."

Zhao Ziqiu saw the determination on Li Mu's face, and she nodded obediently. Although she had mixed feelings about Li Mu now, there was no doubt that Li Mu had rushed over to help her today, which made her more determined. Her feelings for him had deepened after this incident. She wouldn't reject whatever he asked her to do, including lying to the police.

Wang Cheng really cared about Li Mu's feelings. He found a big meeting room and arranged Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu, and the other girls, as well as Zhao Kang and his friends, as well as Hui Ka Ming and Lin Lin, to make a statement together.

The official statement was mainly made by Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu. Li Mu told the police in detail what had happened, and Zhao Ziqiu's statement was basically the same as Li Mu's. When the police asked Zhao Kang, Zhao Kang insisted that he had received a call from Li Mu for help, so he and his friends came to help and stopped the suspect who was about to escape with a huge sum of money. Because the suspect was in a hurry to escape, they attacked him in self-defense.

Hui Ka Ming's statement was even simpler. He told the truth that he had received a call from Li Mu asking for money when he was having dinner with his friends, so he came to help. He saw the whole process of Feng Sier threatening Zhao Ziqiu with a murder weapon at the scene.

Wang Cheng had basically figured out the whole process of the incident. Feng Sier and Li Mu first had a conflict, but since Li Mu had acted in self-defense and he did not call the police, the police did not pursue the matter further. Feng Sier had the right to file a civil lawsuit against Li Mu, but that was all. The chances of him winning the case in court was not high. Although this kid was not a very evil person, he was notorious for his misdeeds. He had more than a dozen criminal records, so the judge would definitely not support his claim in court.

Putting aside the earlier incident, looking at today's incident alone, the context of the whole incident was very clear. Feng Sier had threatened Zhao Ziqiu with a murder weapon, which had indeed entered the scope of the crime of kidnapping. He had taken three hundred thousand dollars from Li Mu, which not only made the crime of kidnapping more conclusive, but also brought himself a second crime: blackmail.

Among them, the crime of kidnapping was the most serious, followed by the crime of blackmail. However, the amount of money involved was huge, and three hundred thousand dollars was enough for Feng Sier to spend ten to twenty years in prison.

However, after Wang Cheng saw the confessions of Feng Sier and his gang, he also realized some of the problems.

The biggest discrepancy between the confessions of both parties was that when Feng Sier kidnapped Zhao Ziqiu to threaten Li Mu, he did not take the initiative to mention the money to Li Mu. Feng Sier and his gang were interrogated separately, and everyone's confession was very consistent. They did not mention the money at the beginning, and Li Mu brought the money himself and gave it to him.

Wang Cheng was not an idiot. After a rough analysis, he could roughly guess what had happened. These suspects had all been beaten up, and they had been guarded by a group of students. When they arrived at the police station, they were interrogated separately. There was no time or opportunity for them to collude. Therefore, their testimonies should be more reliable.

However, the people on Li Mu's side all said that after Feng Sier and his gang kidnapped Zhao Ziqiu, he asked Li Mu to go to the scene, and asked Li Mu to bring a large amount of cash.

After a careful analysis, Wang Cheng felt that the general framework of the matter should be correct. First, Feng Sier kidnapped Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls, and then asked Li Mu to go to the scene. However, Li Mu most likely prepared the money in advance to solve the problem, and at the same time, deliberately set up a trap for Feng Sier. Wang Cheng sighed in his heart.

Wang Cheng sighed inwardly, "Li Mu is really smart and ruthless. In fact, what Feng Sier did was the standard version of revenge seeking by gangsters, which happened every day in the gangster world. In order to find Li Mu for revenge, Feng Sier threatened and coerced Zhao Ziqiu with a weapon. During the whole process, he probably didn't realize what he had done. There were many gangsters who didn't know the law, just like the black-skinned character played by Huang Bo in Crazy Stone. He didn't think it was a big problem to rob, steal, swindle, fight, and hurt people. Only when Brother Dao was about to chop his rival in love with a kitchen knife did he say," Murder is against the law. "

It was enough to show that in his mind, only murder was a serious offense, and nothing else mattered. Therefore, he did not understand the law at all, and did not know what kind of trouble his impulsive actions would bring him.

If he had just coerced Zhao Ziqiu to call Li Mu out for revenge, even if this behavior was brought to court, he would be given a light sentence because he had no malicious intent to kidnap. After all, this coercion incident had a cause, and the cause was the scar on Feng Sier's face. Most importantly, Feng Sier did not really hurt Zhao Ziqiu or anyone else, which was also the basis for a light sentence in court.

However, the most important thing was that Li Mu had brought hundreds of thousands of yuan in cash, and Feng Sier and his gang were greedy for money, so they really took the money. Now, there was basically nothing they could do. After taking Li Mu's money, the nature of the whole thing suddenly became worse.

However, the most important thing was that Li Mu had brought hundreds of thousands of yuan in cash, and Feng Sier and his gang were greedy for money, so they really took the money. Now, the situation was basically hopeless. After they took Li Mu's money, the nature of the whole thing suddenly became much worse.

However, Wang Cheng just sighed inwardly. When it came to handling a case, he still had to follow Li Mu's instructions. On the one hand, he didn't want to offend Li Mu, lest it would bring him trouble. On the other hand, Feng Sier had taken the money. Even if Li Mu cheated him, he still couldn't clear his name. The 300,000 yuan would still be counted on him. Feng Sier could only blame himself for being unlucky. Why did he have to provoke Li Mu?

When the statement was almost done, Li Mu received a call from Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue asked with concern on the phone, "How is it going?

I heard from Zhao Kang that you are recording the statement in the police station.

Is it settled? "

Only then did Li Mu know that Su Yingxue had been trying to understand the whole situation from Zhao Kang, but she hadn't called him. It was probably because she didn't want to cause trouble for him.

He said to Su Yingxue over the phone, "It's almost settled. You can leave after the statement is recorded."

Su Yingxue said, "The party is over. I'll come and find you after I change my clothes. Is it convenient?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, but he didn't reject her in the end. "Okay, come over."

Wang Cheng arranged all the evidence and witnesses on Li Mu's side and said to Li Mu, "Leave the follow-up to us. If you need more evidence, I will contact you. If not, you can take the money away in a few days. I will call you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Thank you, Captain Wang."

Wang Cheng waved his hand. "It's what I should do. Such a big thing happened in my jurisdiction. I have to apologize to you on behalf of the district police station."

Li Mu said, "This is not the police station's responsibility. Captain Wang, you're too kind."

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Wang Cheng suggested sending a car to send everyone back. Li Mu asked him to arrange a car to send Zhao Ziqiu and the other three girls back to Swallow Capital University.

After finishing the statement and coming out of the conference room, the person who felt the most was Lin Lin, who hadn't spoken much.

She originally wanted to see Li Mu embarrass himself, but she didn't expect to follow the whole process. Only then did she realize that Li Mu was really ruthless.

Not to mention anything else, she saw with her own eyes that Li Mu took the initiative to give money to those unlucky people, especially the main culprit whose surname was Feng. When Li Mu threw 300,000 yuan on the ground, even he was shocked. He took the money, and Li Mu successfully rescued them. Then, those unlucky people were beaten up. Now, Li Mu insisted in front of the police that the money was extorted after they kidnapped them. These people were arrested by the police for kidnapping and extortion. The main culprit was sentenced to at least ten years in prison, and the money that Li Mu spent today would be recovered.

The more Lin Lin thought about it, the more she felt a chill down her spine. Every time she thought about him, she would hate him. Now, that hatred had disappeared. In her heart, Li Mu was sinister and ruthless. It was definitely not a good thing to go against him.

Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Go back and rest well. Don't think about this anymore."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. Just as she was about to speak, she looked up and saw that Su Yingxue had come.