Chapter 296

Although Li Mu didn't want his parents to worry about opening a store, he was very happy with his parents' growing career ambitions. It was a great thing for them to have such a career in their lives that could satisfy them and give them more confidence. His only worry was that his parents were too ambitious and overworked themselves.

According to Li Mu's estimation, his parents should be earning a few million now. If he told them that he had a company that was worth a few hundred million, how would they be able to take it?

But then again, the company was valued at a few hundred million, but he had only cashed out a million or so. It wasn't even as much as his parents earned in cash. This was indeed a sad story.

Fortunately, the Legendary Overlord continued to be profitable. It was a relatively stable source of cash for Li Mu. It was not a problem to earn a million a month, but it would be difficult to go any higher. For Li Mu, this source of funds could only be used as pocket money and a small capital for physical businesses. If he wanted to make a layout in the Internet field, he still needed a lot of cash, at least eight figures. If he wanted to make a lot of money, he could only rely on the shares of Makino Technology and Easy Listening Technology.

At this time, Li Ma was concerned about Li Mu's life over the phone. She asked about his well-being and then asked Li Mu, "Kid, are you dating someone in school?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "No."

Li Ma said, "Although it's not suitable for you to date at your age, if there's a good girl around you, you can make an exception. There are a few boys in our neighborhood who are a few years older than you. When they were in school, many girls liked them, but their families wouldn't let them. When they graduated, they couldn't even find a girlfriend. Some of them were 25 or 26 years old and still didn't have a girlfriend."

When Li Mu thought about how he had been single until his early thirties in his previous life, he couldn't help but mutter, "25 or 26 is still very young. There's no rush to find a girlfriend, right?"

"What do you know?"

Li Ma said, "It's best for a boy to get married at 22 or 23 years old. It's better to have a family first and then a career. Don't listen to people who say that you should have a career first and then a family. It's hard to say whether you can have a career or not."

Li Mu thought about it. Starting a career first and then a family seemed to be the reason why he was still single when he was in his thirties. But in his previous life, his mother was very understanding. She rarely urged him to get married and only asked about his thoughts. After knowing what he was thinking, she always expressed her support. He didn't expect that deep down, she didn't agree with his excuses.

Now that he thought about it, his mother had been worried for him for so many years without getting married. Maybe she didn't want to give him pressure, so she didn't say anything. She didn't want to give.

Now, his mother was worried about it. Li Mu about it. "If I have a girlfriend," he Ma't. "Tang"'t.

Li Ma smiled and said yes.

Li Mu said, "There's something wrong with my SIM card. I won't be able to get through in the next two days. I'll go out and buy a new card. I'll tell you and Dad my new number."

Li Ma didn't think much about it. She just told Li Mu to take good care of his body.

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu turned off his phone and took out his SIM card. He went out and bought a storage card. Apart from sending his new number to his parents, he only gave Ning Hao, Kong Lingyu, and Lin Ching-ah. He didn't give it to anyone else. The bombardment of phone calls and text messages made him feel a headache. This time, he decided to completely quiet down. In the next two days, apart from his parents, he only contacted the crew and Makino Technology.

After receiving Li Mu's text message, Ning Hao called Li Mu and told him that the crew would arrive in Yan Jing tomorrow. The set in Yan Jing was almost done. The crew's plane would land at noon tomorrow. They would rest for half a day and start shooting the scene of Zhang Kexuan working as a bar singer in Yan Jing in the evening.

Li Mu sent an OK, and then the world became completely quiet.

Su Yingxue, who was celebrating New Year's Day at her aunt's house, paced back and forth on the balcony with her phone in her hand. She was a little anxious. Her aunt saw her repeatedly picking up her phone and dialing but didn't talk to anyone. She guessed that she might have called someone but couldn't get through. Seeing her anxious expression, she walked to the balcony and asked her, "Yingxue, what's wrong?"

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Nothing. The heater in the house is a little stuffy, so I came out to get some fresh air."

Her aunt said, "You've been holding your phone since the afternoon. You're still holding it after dinner. You're restless. Is there something important?"

Su Yingxue said, "I called a friend's phone. It's either I can't get through or the line is busy. If I call again now, it might as well be turned off."

Her aunt asked, "Friend or classmate?"

Su Yingxue said, "Classmate."

Her aunt's interest was instantly piqued. She asked in a casual tone, "Male or female classmate?"

Su Yingxue didn't hide it. "Male classmate."

Her aunt raised her eyebrows. She thought to herself, 'Something's going on. I have to find a way to get to the bottom of this.' Just as she was about to speak, her daughter in the house shouted, "Mom, the eggplant you planted is ripe! I'll steal it first before helping you harvest it!"

Her aunt's expression instantly froze. She yelled at the top of her lungs, "Stupid girl! How dare you steal your mother's vegetables!" With that, she stomped her feet and rushed back into the house.

Su Yingxue was stunned. She shook her head helplessly after being stunned for a while. She had been taught by her younger sister in the afternoon, so she was quite addicted to this game. However, she couldn't get in touch with Li Mu no matter how hard she tried. She didn't even have the mood to harvest the vegetables.

Su Yingxue called Zhao Kang, but Zhao Kang couldn't get in touch with Li Mu either. Su Yingxue then thought of Li Mu's roommates. However, she wasn't familiar with Li Mu's roommates, so she didn't have their contact information. She thought that Dong Ai should be quite familiar with them, so she called her.

Dong Ai was in Shanghai on a business trip when she received Su Yingxue's call. As soon as the call went through, Su Yingxue asked, "Senior Ai, can you get in touch with Li Mu?"

“

Dong Ai said, "Don't mention it. I've been looking for him all day. Tonight at 8: 00, 3321 will be officially online for college students in Shanghai. I haven't been looking for him all afternoon."

Su Yingxue was shocked. "He didn't pay attention to such a big thing?"

Dong Ai's tone was also a little depressed. "Who wouldn't say that? He's paying less and less attention to 3321."

"But he shouldn't have turned off his phone."

Dong Ai said, "Why don't I ask his roommates?"

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Then ask them. Let me know if there's any news."

“

Dong Ai could hear Su Yingxue's nervousness. She comforted her, "Don't worry. That kid is smarter than anyone. He'll be fine. At most, his phone will run out of battery."

Su Yingxue said, "Let's make sure. Otherwise, I'll be worried."

“

Dong Ai hung up the phone with Su Yingxue and called all five of Li Mu's roommates. In the end, no one knew where Li Mu was, and no one could get through to his phone. There was no news at all.

Then Dong Ai reported the situation to Su Yingxue, and Su Yingxue became even more anxious.

She even wanted to call Li Mu's family to ask, but she didn't have Li Mu's contact information. She didn't know where to start.

In the midst of her anxiety, she suddenly remembered that Li Mu rented a house in Yucheng Garden. She hurriedly went back to the house, put on a down jacket, and was about to go out.

Her aunt and sister were stealing vegetables in front of the computer. Su Yingxue said at the door, "Aunt, I have to go out for a while."

Su Yingxue's aunt was immersed in the Happy Farm game. Before she could react, Su Yingxue had already left the house.

After Li Mu changed his phone card, he casually ate something outside. When he thought about the Happy Farm's first item incentive mission at midnight, he couldn't hold back his excitement. It just so happened that midnight was the first 24-hour node of the game. Li Mu was looking forward to the 24-hour data of the Happy Farm.

Just like last night, the core technical staff were all working overtime. Lin Qingya was by their side, acting as the head of logistics, ordering food, buying snacks, and even cigarettes for them. For the entire day, she busied herself busily around the technical staff, but it seemed like she was having a lot of fun.

When Li Mu arrived at the office, it was almost nine o 'clock. It was the peak of the Happy Farm's traffic. The real-time data showed that the number of online users had broken three million, reaching 3.8 million. It was about to break four million. The number of online users on Tieba was 4.2 million. The online users of the game accounted for more than 90% of the online users on Tieba.

Before the game was released, the number of online users on Tieba at this time was about two million to less than three million. Therefore, the release of the game increased the number of online users by nearly 50%. This increase surprised even Li Mu.

Moreover, the number of new users reached more than seven million within a day. Among the new users, 98% of them had logged into the Happy Farm.

In other words, almost all of the new users that registered today came for the Happy Farm.

The game's user loyalty was godly!

Moreover, it was released so many years in advance. The impact it had on the users now was much stronger than it would be a few years later.

Li Mu sighed and said to Kong Lingyu, "We have to develop the official version of YY in March. We'll launch it from the end of March to the beginning of April. We have to keep it a secret during this period. We can't leak the news that we're making an instant messaging software."

Kong Lingyu nodded, but he said uncertainly, "I'm afraid it'll be hard to keep such a huge development project a secret. After all, we have more than ten technical staff participating in the development …"