Chapter 775

What Li Mu showed in front of Department Head Zhen was his sense of mission, responsibility, and sincerity towards the Internet.

Even in front of a new industry that he had the absolute advantage in, he still hoped to restrain this industry through perfecting the laws and regulations. This kind of moral integrity could not be said to be not noble.

However, Li Mu knew clearly in his heart that the reason why he wanted to push for legislation and supervision in the e-commerce industry was not only because of his sincerity, but also because he wanted to prevent people from sneaking up on him.

Counterfeits were the nuclear bomb of the e-commerce industry. Li Mu was not willing to use them, but that did not mean that his future competitors would not use them to deal with him. Therefore, he had to strike first to gain the upper hand. As long as the government legislated and strictly enforced the law, the e-commerce industry would definitely be free of counterfeits, and no one in this industry would dare to act rashly!

If no one dared to act rashly, who could steal his own chicken?

After Li Mu said what he needed to say, the atmosphere of the closed-door meeting became much more casual. Department Head Zhen talked about the "computers in the city" and gave Li Mu a statement in advance, saying, "I've noted down all your suggestions and requests today. I will definitely put the matter of the computers in the city at the top of my list and push for a solution as soon as possible. If this matter is settled, the Economic and Trade Commission will take the lead and call all the powerful computer manufacturers in the country to Beijing. Everyone will have a meeting to discuss, and the government will subsidize and the enterprises will give up their profits to push this matter forward."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Thank you so much, Department Head Zhen. The matter of the computers in the city is our top priority in the near future."

As he said that, Li Mu said a little embarrassedly, "I also hope that you can help us solve the problem of the vehicle purchase tax and customs duties. If you can get a result as soon as possible, we will quickly start the procurement process."

Department Head Zhen nodded and said with a smile, "Don't worry, this matter will definitely be solved for you as soon as possible. Actually, this is much simpler than the computers in the city. Whether it is the import duty or the vehicle purchase tax reduction, the government only needs to issue a document to the customs and local tax authorities for your company."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Department Head Zhen, since you said that, we will first place orders with the domestic and foreign manufacturers, especially for the imported vehicles. The sea transport still needs some time."

"No problem."

Department Head Zhen said, "Don't delay the pace of your work. Place the orders when you need them. I will try my best to help you with the negotiations. I will draft a policy to exempt your company from customs and purchase tax for three years. If this passes, no matter of which city you use the vehicles in, you will not have to pay the purchase tax to the local tax authorities."

Mu happily nodded, "Head Zhen, thank you."

At this moment, Liu Yidong added on, "Department Head Zhen, if the matter of computers entering the city is pushed forward, the number of computers in the country will increase rapidly, and the number of terminals connected to the Internet will also increase. The overall standards of our domestic network operators are on the low side, and when that time comes, I'm afraid that it will bring a lot of pressure to the domestic network carrying capacity. Network bandwidth and speed are one of the cornerstones of the Internet. Can you ask the relevant departments to communicate with the domestic network operators and get them to upgrade the wiring and equipment in advance to increase the domestic Internet carrying capacity and communication speed?"

Li Mu also echoed, "That's right, Chief Zhen. The importance of network capacity and speed to the Internet is equivalent to the importance of domestic railways and roads to logistics and transportation. If our operators can take the lead, it will be a huge boost to the development of the entire Internet industry."

Many internet products required faster and more stable internet speeds. The most direct ones were download services and online video services. With the current internet environment, it was impossible to set up a YouTube no matter how much money was thrown at it. Not only video websites, but e-commerce also required very high internet speed and bandwidth. Online games and some battle games like CF also required very high internet stability. If the internet speed could be greatly improved, it would definitely be a great thing for the domestic internet industry.

After pondering for a moment, Minister Zhen nodded and said, "I'll communicate with the relevant department leaders after I go back and try my best to push it forward."

Li Mu let out a sigh of relief. If it wasn't for Liu Xiaodong, he would have almost forgotten about this.

Li Mu had made many requests today, but Chief Zhen didn't give Li Mu any clear answer. He only said that he would help Li Mu coordinate. Li Mu also understood that Chief Zhen was here to understand the situation. As for the specifics, he would have to go back and report to the higher authorities.

Before Chief Zhen left, he patted Li Mu on the shoulder and said earnestly, "Before I came, Boss asked me to pass on a message to you."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Please speak."

Department Head Zhen smiled faintly and enunciated each word clearly, "Only by not forgetting your original intention can you achieve success."

Li Mu understood and nodded seriously. "I'll remember it!"

Before he left, Chief Zhen said to Li Mu in private, "Boss won't see you before he retires. This is also a form of protection for you. You're creating an unprecedented new business that benefits the country and the people. It's highly in line with the development of the market economy. He's willing to pave the way for you and your experiment. He also hopes that you can remember his words and focus on your business. Stay away from politics. Do not forget your original intention."

Li Mu suddenly felt a sense of solemnity in his heart. He solemnly nodded and said, "I'm willing to do my best for the development of the Internet industry."

After sending off the inspecting leader, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong returned to the office. The moment the door was closed, Liu Xiaodong sighed. "Your sincerity today was a little scary!

When you asked for legislative oversight, you shocked me! "

Li Mu sighed. "If you want to completely eliminate online fake sales, there's no other way but to push for legislative oversight at the earliest stage."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and couldn't help but ask, "What if the legislative issue is delayed?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "First of all, I think that at this point, there's an 80% chance that it will succeed. If it doesn't, we'll have to think of a way to use the influence of public opinion to push forward the crackdown on online fake sales. If it doesn't work in the end, then I'll admit it. We'll make sure that our platform is as clean as possible. It'll be enough as long as we capture the authentic consumers."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and said, "I'm just afraid that others will realize that we're cracking down on fake products and make an issue of it."

Li Mu smiled mysteriously and said, "It doesn't matter. It'll be better if they use it."

As he said that, Li Mu said to Liu Xiaodong mysteriously, "The legislative oversight issue definitely won't come to an immediate conclusion in a short period of time. Today's meeting is behind closed doors. The media and the outside world won't know about it. In a few days, we'll launch a wave of anti-fake sales on the platform and get rid of all the small and medium-sized sellers who are suspected of selling fake products!"

Liu Xiaodong nodded. He felt that the content of Li Mu's words didn't match his expression. His expression was one that would only appear when he was about to set up a trap. Thus, he asked, "Do you have any other plans?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You see, we've even solved the logistics problem for the brand day. In the future, daily logistics will be even less of a problem. Someone's three logistics companies are still under investigation. In a short period of time, he won't be able to use logistics as a selling point to balance us. In terms of operations, he won't be able to compete with us. We have an absolute advantage over him in every aspect. It can even be said that as long as we're willing to do it, he won't be able to do it, unless it's something we're unwilling to do …"

Liu Xiaodong spat out a mouthful of water before he could drink it. As he coughed, he hurriedly wiped the water stains on his body with a tissue. At the same time, he said in surprise, "So you've been waiting for him here!"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Let's make a big wave of anti-counterfeiting. Once we make it clear that we won't do it, other competitors will definitely have ideas, hoping to do something different. Selling such a big piece of dirty meat online will definitely attract flies. No matter who the flies are, I have no problem with who eats this piece of dirty meat. On the contrary, the more flies we attract, the better."

Liu Xiaodong nodded with a smile and said, "The leaders are discussing legislation. If these flies who can't hear the wind come to eat the dirty meat, when the time comes, the fly swatter will be ready, and they'll all be swatted to death!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's time to fight for moral integrity. We'll see who will choose to throw away their moral integrity first."

Liu Xiaodong asked Li Mu, "How long do you think the legislative supervision will take?"

Li Mu said, "Although it's impossible to have a result immediately, I think it won't take too long."

As he said that, Li Mu paused for a while and said, "Actually, the government only needs to come up with a management method specifically for e-commerce. The criminal law of producing and selling fake products will have a ready-made basis. The key is that the government needs to come up with a strong management method and implement the strict punishment of online selling prices. As long as they can do this, it will be enough. Therefore, I think that within two or three months, the results will definitely be out and implemented."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and then asked Li Mu curiously, "Oh right, Department Head Zhen should be the spokesperson of the big leader today, right?

Could it be that he's here first, and then the big leader will personally come to inspect the work after a period of time? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Department Head Zhen told me privately that the leader doesn't plan to see me before he retires."

"Oh?" Liu Xiaodong was a little surprised. "He clearly said that he won't see you?

This doesn't make sense. Logically speaking, he should admire you a lot … "

Li Mu sighed softly and said, "I think it should be to protect me. Department Head Zhen also warned me to stay away from politics. To be honest, I don't plan to have anything to do with politics. It's better to be an honest businessman."