Chapter 550

After Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei entered the venue, the party didn't begin immediately. Their seats were arranged in the first row under the stage. When the staff guided them to their seats, Zhang Guorong was still looking around. He didn't relax until he saw Du Wei sitting in the corner with Li Mu.

After a while, a staff rushed over and said to Du Wei, "Miss Du, my brother invites you to sit at his table."

Du Wei was stunned when she heard what he said. She even forgot to give a response.

Li Mu reminded her quietly, "What are you waiting for? Hurry up."

Du Wei finally reacted and couldn't help asking, "But what about you, Brother Li Mu?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can sit anywhere I want. You should hurry over."

Du Wei seemed to be struggling. She wanted to go, but she couldn't bear to leave Li Mu alone. Li Mu couldn't help urging her again, "Hurry up. Your idol is inviting you. You won't get another chance like this if you miss this opportunity."

At this time, Xiao Fangfang also came over. She smiled at Li Mu and Du Wei, and then said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, you can also sit there. I will also sit at that table after my farewell speech."

Hearing this, Du Wei was delighted. She said to Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, we can go there together."

Xiao Fangfang also nodded and said, "Yes, you can go there with Miss Du. I can see that Leslie likes her very much. It's a good opportunity."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Thank you, President Xiao. Then we will go there together."

Xiao Fangfang said with a smile, "Let's go. I will go with you."

Xiao Fangfang accompanied Li Mu and Du Wei to the small round table where Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei were sitting. Zhang Xueyou and Liang Yongqi were also sitting at the same table. Xiao Fangfang introduced Du Wei and Li Mu to the four A-list stars in person. When introducing Du Wei, Zhang Guorong shook hands with Du Wei very kindly and praised her generously, "I have heard your songs. Every one of them is very good!"

Zhang Guorong was speaking Mandarin, which surprised Li Mu a little. He didn't expect that Zhang Guorong's Mandarin was so good. She should be one of the best Mandarin among the local stars in Hong Kong.

Du Wei was so nervous that her voice trembled slightly. She said excitedly, "Brother, you are my favorite singer. I have heard every one of your songs …"

Zhang Guorong smiled slightly and said to Du Wei jokingly, "You will give a speech on the stage tonight. You can't be so nervous."

Du Wei nodded repeatedly and said, "Thank you for your concern, brother. I will try my best to adjust."

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "After Sister Fang's speech tonight, I will give a speech on the stage. At that time, I will personally introduce you to everyone and invite you to give a speech on the stage. That is to say, you will be the third person to give a speech tonight."

Although Du Wei knew that she needed to give a speech on behalf of herself and Makino Image tonight, according to the schedule she got, she would give a speech on the stage in the middle and late part of the party. She didn't expect that Zhang Guorong would introduce her in person and move her speech to the third point.

Seeing Du Wei's surprised face, Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "I have communicated with Sister Fang just now. After all, I asked her to invite you. If I didn't introduce you, it would be unreasonable, so I adjusted the process slightly."

Du Wei's heart beat faster and she couldn't help saying, "I am afraid that I will be too nervous and say something wrong on the stage …"

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "Show your singing mentality. Since you can sing so well, a simple speech is certainly not a problem."

Mo Wenwei also couldn't help but say with a smile, "Yes, speaking of your songs, I like each of them very much, especially the song 'In My Voice'. I have told my producer that I want to cover this song in my next album. If he thinks it is okay, he will talk to your company about the copyright."

Du Wei said humbly, "Sister Wen Wei's voice is much more casual than mine. If she sings this song, it must be much better than mine!"

When Du Wei called Sister Wen Wei, Mo Wenwei squinted her eyes and said to Zhang Guorong in Cantonese in a low voice, "Brother, he is so cute. I really like him …"

Zhang Guorong also couldn't help nodding with a smile, but Du Wei was a little confused. Then Xiao Fangfang introduced Li Mu to them and said to Zhang Guorong, "Leslie, this is Mr. Lee Li Mu, whom I have always told you about recently. He has set up a very large charity fund in the mainland."

Zhang Guorong looked at Li Mu in surprise and sighed, "I have heard about you from Sister Fang many times and heard about your deeds. I have always admired you, but I didn't expect you to be so young …"

Facing a big star, Li Mu was also a little nervous. But as a man who had lived two lives, it was easy for him to control his emotions. So he said calmly and politely, "Brother, you flatter me."

"Not at all."

Zhang Guorong said seriously, "I am in my forties. I think I have done a lot of charity work, but compared with you, it is nothing."

Li Mu wanted to say a few more words of modesty, but Xiao Fangfang said, "Sit down first. It is almost time to start. I will go get ready."

Xiao Fangfang then said goodbye to the six people. As soon as she left, Zhang Guorong invited them to sit down. Du Wei sat next to Zhang Guorong, and Li Mu sat next to Du Wei. Liang Yongqi was next to him.

It could be seen that Zhang Guorong really appreciated Du Wei. As soon as she sat down, she couldn't help but ask Du Wei, "Are you interested in developing your career in Hong Kong in the future?"

Du Wei turned her head to look at Li Mu, and then said with some embarrassment, "Brother, I am still in college. I don't have this plan in the short term."

Zhang Guorong asked curiously, "Which university are you in?"

"Central Conservatory of Music."

As soon as Du Wei said the name of her school, Zhang Guorong, Mo Wenwei, Zhang Xueyou and even Liang Yongqi were all surprised. Especially Zhang Guorong, she appreciated Du Wei a little more. She exclaimed, "There are very few academics in Hong Kong's music industry. Some of the National People's Congress members of our generation are unorthodox. At the beginning, we didn't feel that there was a big gap between us and the academics when we sang popular songs. But when we released albums, tried to diversify our styles and even tried to write our own original songs, we found that there was a big gap between us and the academics."

Mo Wenwei also nodded and said, "You are so beautiful and have a good voice. Xiaowei, you will definitely be popular in the future. With your qualifications, I think as long as you have a good Cantonese song, you will definitely be popular in Hong Kong!"

Zhang Guorong immediately promised, "If you want to release a single in Hong Kong, you must contact me in advance. I can help you."

Zhang Xueyou also said, "If you really release a single, I must help you promote it."

Mo Wenwei thought of something and immediately said, "By the way, those songs of yours are all written by a man named Mu, right?

My music producer and arranger teacher said that he has a very profound foundation in composing and writing lyrics. If he knows Cantonese, it would be great if he could help you write a good Cantonese song. "

Du Wei subconsciously looked at Li Mu and then said to the two of them, "Mr. Mu is very busy, and I have to focus most of my energy on my studies."

While this table was chatting, the entertainment reporters on both sides of the venue all focused their eyes on this table. Many reporters were surprised at the identity of Du Wei and Li Mu. Because they rarely took the initiative to learn about the entertainment industry of the mainland, they didn't know much about the two of them. Now that they saw four A-list stars talking and laughing with the two of them, they couldn't help but whisper to each other and ask each other if they knew the identity of this young man and woman. However, no one could tell them. An entertainment reporter specially asked someone for a guest list, and then he finally knew the two's names, but he still didn't know what they did.

While everyone was wondering about the two's identities, tonight's charity night began. The lights under the stage dimmed, and Xiao Fangfang went on the stage to give a speech. First, she thanked the guests, and then she summarized the work that the Seedlings Protection Fund had done, the problems it had faced, and the help it had received in the past period of time.

Today, there were many media people and entrepreneurs in the audience. Xiao Fangfang's biggest goal was to move them and the media people, so that they could use their own media platforms to help the Seedlings Protection Fund and let more people know and be willing to help. She could move the entrepreneurs, so that they could donate to the Seedlings Protection Fund on the spot.

After Xiao Fangfang's speech, the first person she invited was Zhang Guorong to go on the stage to give a speech. After all, he was the one who supported the Seedlings Protection Fund the most among the Hong Kong stars, and he was also the mainstay of the Seedlings Protection Fund.

Zhang Guorong went on the stage in a very gentlemanly manner. After thanking the media and the guests, she began to introduce the Seedlings Protection Fund from her own point of view, as well as what she had seen, felt, and participated in in the Seedlings Protection Fund. She was moved by many of the details, and her eyes were a little red. She even had to stop a few times to adjust her emotions. After finishing her speech for the night, Zhang Guorong finally smiled a little. She suddenly switched to Mandarin and said, "Next, I would like to introduce a very special guest to everyone. She came all the way from Beijing to attend our Seedlings Protection Fund's charity night tonight."

Speaking of this, Zhang Guorong looked at Du Wei on the stage, paused, and said, "She is definitely the new singer with the most potential I have seen in the past few years. To be honest, when I first heard her song, I felt as if I had seen a Heavenly Queen who could dominate the Chinese music industry in the future. But now, you may not know her well enough, but I believe that if you listen to her song, you will be conquered by her perfect voice. Next, I hope everyone will give their warmest applause to welcome the 19-year-old female singer from Beijing, the future Heavenly Queen of the music industry in my eyes — Du Wei!"

Zhang Guorong's introduction stunned Li Mu. Although Zhang Guorong had already praised Du Wei when they were chatting just now, he did not expect that Zhang Guorong would praise Du Wei on such a formal occasion and in front of so many media …