Chapter 1038

For the whole day, Li Mu had been using the same method to show off.

It could be said that in one day, Li Mu had offended all the powerful venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.

Starting from 17 billion US dollars and his uncompromising attitude made all the venture capitalists think that Li Mu was crazy. He was simply too arrogant and thought too highly of himself.

Not to mention that everyone did not approve of his starting valuation of 17 billion US dollars, even if they did, the scale of his company was not among the top in Silicon Valley. How could he be so arrogant?

In fact, Li Mu was not the kind of person who was too arrogant. The reason why he was so arrogant was that he wanted to let these venture capitalists feel the huge contrast. It doesn't matter if you don't approve of my starting valuation of 17 billion US dollars. Just wait, I will let you take the initiative to come back with a 17 billion US dollars offer. But at that time, my starting valuation will not be as simple as 17 billion US dollars.

Therefore, after using one day to offend all the venture capitalists in Silicon Valley, Li Mu no longer met with any capital. The outside world thought that he had suffered a blow as soon as he arrived in the United States. Many media wrote articles saying, "The Internet genius from Hua Xia's Silicon Valley has suffered a Waterloo. His excessive arrogance made Silicon Valley venture capitalists stay away from him. At present, there is no news of any venture capitalists continuing to negotiate with Li Mu. It is suspected that Li Mu has not yet emerged from the shadow of the blow."

For a moment, the entire Silicon Valley thought that Li Mu had really suffered a big blow.

Li Mu did not care at all.

He immediately held a video conference with the promotion team scattered in the United States and the domestic support team. The core of the conference was only one: quickly promote the "Paradise Town Cup" event.

All the previous plans had to be implemented, and a new function had to be added. All the candidates would be able to place a cartoon movie screen in their own town, and these candidates would be able to record a 60-second video and upload it. Once it was approved, all the users would be able to watch the video in their town.

Since it was an Internet celebrity economy, it was necessary to give the "Internet celebrities" more and more three-dimensional exposure opportunities. Not only photos and voices, but also videos. Using videos to mobilize the enthusiasm of fans was probably the most effective solution in the Internet industry.

With the current level of technology and hardware support, Li Mu could not carry out a national live broadcast. Even the entire Internet industry was still at least a few years away from a national live broadcast. However, Li Mu could minimize the national live broadcast to the greatest extent. A small number of candidates could upload short videos and use the streaming media solution of Makino Technology.

At that time, these girls who participated in the Paradise Town Cup would definitely do everything they could to make their videos more attractive to the audience, be it for the sake of fame, income, or the grand prize. Once their videos were released online, it would definitely increase the enthusiasm of the entire event.

Makino Technology had a strong technical team, and the streaming media technology had a ready-made reserve. It was easy to develop such a small function on this basis. As soon as Li Mu gave the order, the entire technical team worked at full speed to quickly do development, testing, and adjustment.

At the same time, the promotion team scattered across the United States was ready. The promotional materials for the "Paradise Town Cup" related activities were all ready, and various online and offline promotion resources were also ready. Once it started, there would be continuous rotation announcements in the "Paradise Town" game to ensure that the event would quickly explode in the universities across the United States.

In the eyes of Silicon Valley, Li Mu and the entire Makino Technology seemed to be silent for two days. Everyone was waiting for the moment when Li Mu gave in to the capital market. However, no one knew that Li Mu had already secretly buried a heavy Internet bomb in the universities across the United States, waiting for the time to explode.

…

Thousands of kilometers away in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Mark Zuckerberg finally gave birth to a new idea in his dormitory at Harvard University after being addicted to "Paradise Town" for many days.

At the moment, "Paradise Town" was too popular. Mark Zuckerberg's goddess, Fiona, had become one of the most popular goddesses in "Paradise Town" at Harvard University. Fiona didn't have to do anything every day, and she could receive gifts worth at least tens of thousands of dollars, sometimes even as high as tens of thousands of dollars. The strong spending power of Fiona's fans shocked Mark Zuckerberg.

After the plan to attract the attention of the goddess failed, Mark Zuckerberg began to look for inspiration from the success of "Paradise Town." He believed that "Paradise Town" opened up a new era of online fan economy, which gave him a lot of inspiration. After careful consideration, he decided to launch a website to choose the most beautiful girl on campus. He even thought of a name, "Facemash."

Mark Zuckerberg's idea was to make Facemash a homepage product, then collect the information of the beauties of the major universities and put it on it, let the fans of these beauties vote for them on the website, so as to select the most popular beauty of each university. He also hoped to develop a backstage so that each campus beauty could write their own homepage, update their own photos, and even post messages asking fans to vote for them.

In addition, more importantly, Mark Zuckerberg was going to imitate the gift system of "Paradise Town" in his homepage product, so that the majority of fans could not only vote for their goddesses on their own platform, but also leave messages for them, interact with them, and give them gifts.

After the gift system was built, Facemash could be connected to PayPal, let fans pay directly online, and then the platform would split the profits with these beauties. In this way, the fans spent money for the beauties, and the beauties and the platform used the loyalty of the fans to cash in. The business model was also clear.

Mark Zuckerberg firmly believed that once the business model was clear and could stand scrutiny, then it must be a good project. Facemash was the first campus entrepreneurship project in his eyes.

Mark Zuckerberg, who had made up his mind to do Facemash, took the initiative to invite his roommate Dustin Moskowitz, hoping that he could join his Facemash project. However, Dustin Moskowitz was now completely immersed in "Paradise Town", and even more immersed in "Paradise Town", playing games and flirting with his classmate Monica, whom he had a crush on.

Because the relationship with Monica in real life warmed up very quickly, Dustin Moskowitz now had no idea of starting a business at all. All he could think about was how to establish a relationship with Monica as soon as possible, and then make her his real girlfriend.

His roommate's rejection did not dispel Mark Zuckerberg's entrepreneurial enthusiasm. He immediately registered the domain name of Facemash, and then began to develop the website program and page.

If it was just a display page, the amount of work needed to develop it would not be too much. However, if there were different front and back pages, and various page functions had to be implemented, the overall amount of work would increase exponentially.

When Mark Zuckerberg made Facemash in his previous life, he only designed a simple display page, and then added a voting function. However, in this life, with Li Mu's invisible guidance and promotion, Mark Zuckerberg's product requirements for Facemash had changed dramatically. On the original basis, not only did he have to develop a user login system and a background for ordinary users, but he also had to develop an exclusive background for the beauties who participated in the platform, and then design and develop a set of gift system.

The huge amount of work made Mark Zuckerberg hesitate at the beginning. He thought about giving up, or changing to a simpler method, but after careful consideration, he decided to persist.

In Mark Zuckerberg's view, Li Mu was his best role model. He was about the same age as him, but he was already a tycoon with a net worth of tens of billions of dollars. Mark Zuckerberg was only a first-year student at Harvard University. If he wanted to become a successful person like him, the only way was to work harder, harder, and harder.

After thinking about this, Mark Zuckerberg seemed to be on steroids. He sat in front of the computer day and night writing code. His roommate, Dustin, was surprised by his hard work. He had never seen Mark Zuckerberg work so hard.

At some point, Dustin also had the idea of starting a business with Mark Zuckerberg, but when he turned his head, he was immediately attracted to Monica. As long as Monica said the word, he would get out of bed at three o 'clock in the morning to play games. Right now, Monica had become his everything.

The first thing Mark Zuckerberg focused on was Facemash's gift system. After working day and night for a few days, the system finally had a relatively complete beta version. When he was in high spirits and couldn't wait to test his newly developed function, Dustin happened to return to the dormitory.

Seeing that Mark Zuckerberg was busy, Dustin didn't disturb him. Instead, he habitually turned on the computer and prepared to go on Paradise Town to do a few rounds of missions. It just so happened that Monica was about to return to the dormitory and go online. He also promised Monica that he would help her do more missions to level up faster.

The mission system of Paradise Town was very interactive. Missions would always randomly ask the user to provide a bunch of unrelated items, such as dozens of corn, a few milk, and a few ice creams. If the user couldn't gather the products needed for the mission, the mission would always be in an uncompleted state. If the number of uncompleted missions reached a certain number, the user would not be able to accept new missions and would only know to complete the uncompleted mission.

In this case, the help between friends was very important. Players could directly submit help and ask friends to provide the raw materials they needed. When friends came to help complete the mission, they could also get rewards from the system. In addition, players could directly trade items. In this way, if one person was willing to sacrifice himself and take out his items to fully cooperate with another person to complete the mission to level up, it would be a great help to the other player.

Dustin was naturally happy to help his goddess, Monica, because while the two of them were doing this kind of mission, their relationship was constantly improving. To Dustin, being able to get the favor and affection of a beauty while playing games was simply the most cost-effective thing.