Chapter 1459

Major securities investment institutions on Wall Street were originally opening champagne to celebrate this major victory. These securities investment institutions were big and small. The big ones absorbed tens of millions of dollars of Apple shares, and the small ones had millions of dollars of chips in hand. With their insider information and in-depth understanding of Nasdaq, they were very clear about the potential profit margin of these chips.

They continued to attract funds at a price of more than four yuan. At the very least, after Muye Technology acquired and privatized Apple, they would receive no less than 40% of the revenue. With a wave of short-term operations, 40% of the profit was enough to drive people crazy.

But these institutions who celebrated the victory did not expect that suddenly, the market was full of severe criticism and reprimand. All their strategic intentions were exposed, and they were condemned by the public.

The individual investors who were cheated of their chips were naturally angry. It was like they had a valuable painting in their hands, and suddenly a group of experts came and told them that it was a fake and worthless, so they panicked and hurriedly sold it at a low price. As a result, the experts bought it at a very low price. Taking people's money was like killing their parents. These individual investors were crazy with hatred.

It was rare for a securities investment institution to be criticized by the public. That was because the securities investment institutions themselves controlled public opinion. That was why they could use the public opinion to confuse the truth and trick the retail investors to get off the stock or deceive the retail investors to take over the stock.

Normally speaking, retail investors did not have any strategic advantage in the face of public opinion. Institutions were like military organizations with modern military forces, while retail investors were cold weapon hunters with bows, arrows, and spears who fought on their own. The difference in strength was so great that the latter had no chance of winning.

However, at this time, the institution's ability to guide public opinion failed!

Although the agency had launched its own weapons of public opinion to refute the rumors and clear its name, there seemed to be an extremely powerful force secretly forming a force field on the internet, in public opinion, and among the masses. This force field was so powerful that the agency's modern weapons were completely useless in front of it.

When the public's anger continued to brew, many investors who lost their chips began to gather at the offices of major government investment institutions to protest. More and more people joined in. Not only did the investors who lost their chips in Apple shares gather to protest, but many investors who lost money in the stock market also participated in the protest. For the first time, they realized the shamelessness of the main force. When they thought of their lost assets, they couldn't calm down.

Apple's shareholders were the most infuriated.

In the past few days, their losses had even exceeded 50%, and more than half of their funds had gone down the drain. Hence, they had been waiting for an opportunity to make a comeback. After waiting for so long, the opportunity had finally come. However, they had been misled by the public opinion of the organization, causing them to make the wrong judgment and quickly sell their stocks, causing them to lose their chips. With such a huge contrast, it was easy for people to overreact.

The anger of the shareholders made it difficult for the various organizations to deal with them. They could only close their doors and call the police, hoping that the police would drive away the protesters. Nasdaq had already closed, but the shareholders were still angrily gathered around. Their employees had planned to go out to celebrate at night, but now it seemed that they could not even leave the company.

Who would have thought that at this time, the grievous news that made them collapse even more came!

Makino Technology officially issued a statement, which read as follows:

"An official statement to users around the world and NASDAQ investors regarding Makino Technology's acquisition of Apple:

Recently, there have been various statements claiming that Makino Technology is about to acquire Apple and will work to promote the full privatization of Apple. Regarding this statement, Makino Technology publicly states: We are indeed discussing with the board of directors of Apple about the acquisition of Apple's shareholder shares, but we have not submitted any form of privatization proposal to NASDAQ. Therefore, any statements regarding the privatization of Apple in any form are rumors, and we are not responsible for them. We reserve the right to demand compensation and apology from the rumormongers and disseminators;

In addition, we officially announce to users around the world and NASDAQ investors that whether Makino Technology will acquire and privatize Apple depends on Apple's current stock price. Makino Technology will only consider the possibility of acquisition and privatization if Apple's stock price is lower than $3.50. If Apple's stock price is higher than $3.50, Makino Technology will not invest in or acquire Apple in any form. Moreover, even if Makino Technology privatizes Apple, it will not pay any form of premium for Apple's stock price. Please take the official statement as the standard, and do not believe any form of rumors or so-called insider information. "

As soon as this statement came out, the entire financial circle instantly exploded!

This statement issued by Makino Technology was almost unheard of in the United States. Publicly announcing their purchase price?!

What kind of trick was this?

Moreover, they set the purchase price at $3.50 per share. It should be noted that Apple's stock price was $4.22 at the close of trading today!

Was he going to acquire them, or was he going to destroy them?

Moreover, wasn't Makino Technology suspected of manipulating the stock price by doing this?

Because with the influence of Makino Technology, as soon as this statement came out, Apple's stock price was bound to fall below $3.50 tomorrow!

And it was basically impossible for it to reach the $3.50 mark again!

However, the legal department of Makino Technology immediately issued a statement: This statement by Makino Technology was only to shatter the previous rumors about Makino Technology's $4.15 share price and 50% premium. Publicly clarifying the rumors was the responsibility of Makino Technology as a large multinational company to protect and protect American investors. It was not to manipulate the stock price. The real manipulator of the stock price was the main body who spread the rumors to the outside world with ulterior motives. It was their malicious behavior that caused the abnormal fluctuations of Apple's stock price today.

As soon as this statement came out, no one was angry.

Makino Technology did not do anything wrong. Why could rumors and information about Makino Technology circulate in the market, but Makino Technology could not clarify it?

If releasing information was manipulating the stock price, then the real manipulator of the stock price should be the one who spread the rumors. What did this have to do with Makino Technology?

Now, Makino Technology's attitude was very clear. If the stock price is higher than $3.50, I don't want Apple anymore. Whoever wants it can have it, but don't pretend to be me and tell the outside world that I will still want it.

The reason why Li Mu dared to make this statement was that he was sure that no one was willing to take over the mess of Apple at this stage. Not even the American government was willing.

Taking a step back, if some big shot suddenly jumped out and wanted to snatch Apple from Li Mu, then Li Mu would snatch Apple back even at the price of $10.

This series of statements directly caught the securities investment institutions that were preparing to hold a celebration party today off guard!

Didn't they say it was $4.15 multiplied by 150%?!

Why did they turn hostile just like that?

And they turned hostile in such a shameless way!

Everyone's investment cost ranged from $4.60 to $4.20, and the average was around $4.40. Now that it was $3.50, the loss was more than 20%!

For a securities investment institution, the difference between a net profit of 40% and a net loss of 20% was like the difference between heaven and earth.

Most of the funds used by the securities investment institution came from funds. A large amount of funds were invested in different securities products. The securities investment institution first had to ensure the overall rate of return of funds. Some of these products were profitable, some were losing money, and some were neither. At the end of each cycle, the funds had to use the profits to make up for the losses. After all the accounts were settled, all the operating costs were deducted, and the net profit was left.

Originally, the securities company could rely on Apple shares to make a stable 40% net profit, and then use the money to subsidize other loss-making investment projects. But now, even this project that they were determined to win was also losing money, and there was still a 20% hole waiting for other products to fill in the hole. This had a great negative impact on the morale of the entire company.

This feeling was like an adult laborer in the family who went out to work to make money. He thought he could make some money to subsidize the family, but he got into an accident. Not only did he not make any money, but he also had to pay for his medical bills. The rest of the family was waiting for rice to be cooked, but now, they had to tighten their belts to subsidize the medical bills of this laborer.

Furthermore, 20% loss of a stock was unimaginable. Other than during the stock market crash, it was rare for such a situation to happen. But now, everyone knew that the share prices will fall tomorrow, and it will fall below 3.5 USD instantly. Everyone knew that as long as the share prices were above 3.5 USD, Apple was doomed. If Apple was doomed, the share prices will plunge again, and Li Mu's father could only save it if it fell below 3.5 USD.

Apple was like a drowning pig. Li Mu's father, who was driving the boat, stood on the side of the boat and said to it, "Go on a diet. Reduce from 500 kilograms to 400 kilograms, and I will let you on the boat."

On the surface of the sea, other than Li Mu's father's boat, most of the other boats cannot fit this guy. Microsoft's boat can fit this guy, but it only wants the pork tenderloin and is not willing to pay for the other parts. Other non-internet companies can afford to do this, but they do not want to eat pork … ….

Every securities investment institution that had absorbed a large amount of Apple's chips was wailing in despair deep in their hearts. It's over. Nothing can stop Apple's share price from plummeting tomorrow. A huge loss is already set in stone!

Going from heaven to hell in an instant, this kind of feeling was incomparably sour and refreshing.

At the same time, those angry investors who had lost their chips today were cheering!

Just a second ago, they were still angry that they had missed a good opportunity to skyrocket. Now, they were cheering that they had avoided a deep pit that plummeted.

They would not thank these investment institutions that helped them because they knew very well that these people were executioners who killed without batting an eye. This time, they came with the mentality of cutting other people's flesh, but they failed and cut their own flesh. They were not worthy of sympathy at all.

What they were really thankful for was Makino Technology!

They knew that if Muye Technology had made this announcement earlier today, the stock price would have collapsed this morning. At that time, they would be the ones to bear the losses.

Because Makino Technology delayed the announcement until after the market closed, they were lucky enough to escape.

At this time, a rumor began to circulate outside: In fact, Makino Technology was originally going to privatize Apple with an additional 50% premium at 4.15 USD. However, because these institutions were crazy about cheating ordinary investors of their chips, Makino Technology made such a decision: Let the unscrupulous institutions pay the price!

The rumor also mentioned that during the Hua Xia epidemic, Li Mu used a series of means to deal with the profiteers who drove up the prices. In order to stabilize the prices and punish the profiteers, Li Mu's Taobao network sold epidemic materials at a loss, completely destroying the profiteers' source of income. Many profiteers even suffered huge losses and paid a huge price. This was similar to Makino Technology's announcement today. It could be said that this was very Li Mu's style of doing things, or rather, this was Li Mu's typical style of doing things.

Although there was no evidence to prove this statement, everyone was extremely convinced of this rumor.

Everyone was willing to believe that this was the truth of the matter, because everyone believed in Li Mu. First, everyone believed that Li Mu would never harm the interests of ordinary people. Second, everyone knew that Li Mu had a strong sense of social responsibility. If there was one person in today's entrepreneurs who was unswerving in punishing evil and promoting good, then this person must be Li Mu!

Therefore, Li Mu became the hero of the abnormal fluctuations in Apple's stock price and the investors' chips being cheated by the main force. Investors on Nasdaq liked Li Mu more than any CEO in the United States, and they liked Makino Technology more than any listed company in the United States.

…

In the high-level conference room of the Silicon Valley branch of Makino Technology, all the participants applauded enthusiastically for a few minutes, and the applause lasted for a long time.

Everyone at the meeting was extremely excited because they had witnessed an unprecedented counterattack in the financial field. This counterattack had an extremely low investment cost, an excellent effect of annihilating the enemy, and an extremely significant positive impact on the strategy.

Before this, no one expected that the passive situation this morning would have such a perfect turnaround.

They originally thought that the operation of the institutions would make Makino Technology pay more for the acquisition of Apple, but Li Mu directly swung the knife and cut the leeks of the US investment institutions. Not only did he cut nearly half of the delisting cost of the actual privatization to Nasdaq, but he also became a superhero in the eyes of the US investors because of this. Today was a perfect example of what it meant to be a blessing in disguise!

If it weren't for the intervention of these institutions, Li Mu could at most become an exceptionally generous entrepreneur in the eyes of American investors even if he spent twice as much money.