Chapter 756

Zhao Ziqiu didn't understand.

Didn't they say they were going to interview Li Mu? They spent so much effort to go all the way to Shenzhen, but they only interviewed the production director of a factory. What was the purpose of this?

Where was Li Mu?

Where did my Li Mu go?

Other than him, I don't want to see anyone else on TV.

Just as she was feeling depressed, her father suddenly sighed for no reason, which surprised Zhao Ziqiu.

"Dad, they didn't even mention Li Mu's name, nor did they broadcast his face. How did they become Li Mu's biological mother?"

Zhao Xianliang shook his head helplessly, pointed to the TV and said, "Girls who majored in liberal arts are so superficial when they look at problems."

After that, Zhao Xianliang said again, "Central TV is presenting the facts and reasoning to the people of the country. First, they fully demonstrate the real influence of Taobao. It's much more useful than dragging Li Mu out to ask a few questions. How can the audience understand economics and theory?

They have to intuitively know how Taobao can help a company come back to life, and at the same time, how Taobao can create more jobs for society. "

Zhao Xianliang's business sense was so keen that he could almost be called an old fox. He quickly discovered Central TV's good intentions in this report.

After all, Li Mu was too outstanding, and his achievements were too amazing. However, ordinary people might not be able to fully understand his excellence.

In this case, if they directly reported on Li Mu, it would be difficult for the audience to really realize the real height of Li Mu. Therefore, Central TV adopted this kind of roundabout method to save the country. First, they preheated, first laid the foundation, first built a high platform with facts to let the audience look forward to it, and then let Li Mu appear on the high platform. In that way, no one would underestimate his influence.

It was like introducing a climber who had climbed Mount Everest to someone who did not understand it. If the climber was told that he had successfully climbed Mount Everest, the other party would not think much of it.

Even if you told him that Mount Everest was 8,848 meters above sea level, he might not be able to understand what the number 8,848 meant and how much weight it carried. He would only think that 8,000 meters was equivalent to the distance between his house and some place. It sounded a bit awesome, but if he clenched his teeth, he might be able to climb it.

However, if you first used shocking videos and documents to explain in detail how difficult, arduous, unknown, and dangerous it was to climb Mount Everest, even if the mountaineer only showed his face once, it would be enough to win everyone's admiration.

Zhao Ziqiu tilted her head and thought for a while. Then, she nodded gently. "Dad, what you said seems to make sense."

Zhao Xianliang sighed and pointed at the TV. "I told you to study finance, but you didn't listen. You just had to learn Chinese!

Continue watching. "

The TV screen switched back to the studio. Suddenly, an old man about 60 years old appeared next to Sun Junyi. Sun Junyi introduced him. "Today, we have invited Professor Qian Jin, director of the Hua Xia Economic Research Center of Yanjing University and a doctoral supervisor. Hello, Professor Qian."

The screen switched to the camera facing Professor Qian. Professor Qian nodded slightly to Sun Junyi and said, "Hello, host."

Sun Junyi asked Qian Jin, "Professor Qian, let's see the short video just now. A website brought 600,000 units of sales to a repeater company in a day. I have a set of data here. In May, the national market sales of repeaters were 1.2 million units. The sales created by a website in a day is equal to the sales of all the offline counters in the country in half a month. What does this data mean?

Or in other words, what information does it reveal? "

Qian Jin thought for a moment and said, "I think the first thing to confirm is the new retail economic model of e-commerce. As an Internet retail platform, Taobao is different from any traditional retail model in the past. It is a sales channel that can bypass the store model and cross geographical restrictions. Its focus on consumers far exceeds that of any physical store or shopping mall. In theory, I think it is an electronic shopping mall in front of all consumers."

Sun Junyi nodded and said, "I also have a deep understanding of what you said. On the day of Taobao's brand day, I once browsed the Taobao website and found that there were a wide variety of goods there, including clothing, food, housing, learning, entertainment, home appliances, and so on. It really is an electronic shopping mall in front of you. No matter where the seller is, no matter where the buyer is, as long as you turn on the computer, you can browse all the goods in the mall and place an order at any time. It is very convenient."

Qian Jin nodded slightly in agreement and then said, "It is precisely because it is aimed at all netizens that its potential and imagination exceed all traditional sales channels. It can create nearly three billion in sales in a day. This is something that I didn't even dare to think about before."

After a pause, Qian Jin said, "The sales of 600,000 units is indeed incredible. After understanding the model and advantages of the Taobao website, let's combine it with the data just now. However, on the Taobao website, it has the opportunity to directly face tens of millions of consumers and create sales data in front of tens of millions of consumers. Therefore, I think this data is also understandable and acceptable. It is reasonable."

"Moreover, the sales data of 600,000 units is just a number to us, but it is extremely significant to the company. First of all, the most direct is the profit. The company selling 600,000 units of products will have a very considerable profit margin. Second, the company will create more than 100 million in sales, and at the same time, it will generate tens of millions of tax revenue for the government. Third, it will create thousands of jobs, and at the same time, it will also drive the sales of the entire production chain of the recorder. This role is very positive for the company, society, and even the entire national economy."

Sun Junyi said, "Professor Qian, as a new sales channel, the achievements of the Taobao website have also opened a new world for the domestic retail market. As you said just now, it is different from the traditional sales model, and it is aimed at tens of millions of netizens. Then, I would like to ask, what do you think the future development of the Taobao website will be?

Will the sales of 2.683 billion a day be a flash in the pan? "

Qian Jin smiled slightly and said, "Let's put e-commerce aside first and look at the development of the entire Internet. In recent years, the domestic Internet and even the entire world Internet has been developing very fast. The Internet bubble only affected some hot concept companies, but it did not affect the development of the entire Internet itself. The number of netizens in Hua Xia is increasing. This is an industry dividend, not just for e-commerce. I believe that in this environment, any Internet innovation model will have a greater space for development."

Speaking of this, Qian Jin concluded, "In summary, I personally am very optimistic about the future development of the Taobao website. In my opinion, the sales of 2.683 billion a day is not a flash in the pan, and it will be higher in the future."

…

Ten minutes had passed. The program had been analyzing the role of the Taobao website in promoting the social economy from the perspective of the participating enterprises. The economic expert, Qian Jin, was also generous in praising the positive role of the Taobao website. Seeing that there were less than five minutes left in the program, Zhao Ziqiu and Su Yingxue, who were sitting in front of the TV, could not help but feel a little anxious because they had not seen Li Mu's shadow yet.

Su Yingxue, who was sitting in front of the TV, was a little impatient.

She could see the reason why Central TV had not reported on Li Mu for so long. She also knew that this would be very beneficial to Li Mu. However, seeing that her parents were a little uninterested, Su Yingxue was really worried that her father, who did not understand the Internet and was not interested in it, would not be able to sit still. She got up and left.

At the same time, Wei Lan was watching the TV with great interest. Her expression was happy and a little surprised. Before she met Li Mu, she never thought that she would look up to a boy who was six or seven years younger than her. And it was almost certain that when she was next to him, the halo that she once had on her had almost dimmed to the point that it could not shine any color.

At the thought of living under the halo of Li Mu for the next three years, being dazzled by him until she could not open her eyes and feeling ashamed of her inferiority, Wei Lan did not feel despair. Instead, she was filled with a different kind of longing.

Calculating that more than half of the program's time had passed, Wei Lan said to herself, "You really are a monster. Even Central TV is taking care of you. I really don't know what kind of height you will develop to in the next three years."

Wei Lan remembered that on the way to the interview with Li Mu that day, Li Mu had made several calls to several different women, and it sounded like their relationship was not ordinary. She could not help but sigh softly and mumble, "But you seem to have a little too many female confidantes …"

In the last few minutes of the program, the reporter came to Taobao website to show the audience the internal workings of Taobao website. At the same time, he interviewed a few core leaders, the most important of which was Liu Yidong.

At the beginning of the interview, the reporter asked Liu Yidong, "Boss Liu, Taobao website has achieved such remarkable results in the first half a year since it was launched. Then I would like to ask you, what is the development direction of Taobao website in the future?"

Liu Yidong said, "The future development direction of Taobao website is to continue to make our platform bigger and more complete. At the same time, we have invested a lot of money to build our own logistics system, striving to improve the logistics turnover efficiency of Taobao website. In the future, not only will we cooperate with more enterprises, but Taobao website will also welcome, encourage, and support more small and medium-sized sellers to join Taobao."

The reporter asked again, "Boss Liu, after Taobao website created a new pattern in the field of domestic e-commerce, it will definitely push e-commerce to the forefront of the current Internet craze. Then I would like to ask, as a newly established Internet company, how will Taobao website establish and consolidate its leading advantage in the industry in the future?"

Liu Yidong smiled slightly and said confidently, "Although Taobao is a new company, our advantage in the Internet industry is far more than just being a step ahead of others. We also have the help of two brother companies behind us."

The reporter nodded slightly and said, "Boss Liu, I think many of the audience in front of the TV don't know the deep information of Taobao website. I wonder if you can reveal to the audience in front of the TV who the two brother companies of Taobao website are?

What is their relationship with Taobao website? "

Liu Yidong smiled profoundly and said, "The two brother companies of Taobao website are Alipay and Makino Technology. As for their relationship with Taobao website …"

Speaking up to this point, Liu Yidong deliberately hesitated for a moment, then said with a smile, "Actually, these three companies are from the same master in terms of capital."

The host asked with a smile, "Boss Liu, maybe many of our audience friends don't understand your explanation. What exactly do you mean by 'from the same master in terms of capital'?"

Liu Yidong laughed and waved his hand. "Then I'll put it in simpler terms. These three companies all have the same boss behind them!"

Liu Yidong's understatement was simply shocking to the audience in front of the TV!

The first ten minutes of the program were almost all about the power of Taobao website. Just when the audience was amazed by Taobao website, Liu Yidong's words revealed an even more shocking piece of information!

Taobao website and Alipay, and even Makino Technology, were actually under the same boss!

This sentence almost shocked the entire nation's audience who were watching this program!

After all, Taobao website had only recently become famous, but Makino Technology was now the most influential Internet company in the country. Its YY, Tieba, and Happy Farm were all products used by almost everyone. Originally, everyone was very curious about the boss of Makino Technology. Unexpectedly, Makino Technology and Taobao website were actually under the same boss!

The market value of these two companies added up, oh my god, wouldn't it be more than ten billion?

Who had such a great ability to create two such huge Internet companies in such a short period of time?

Immediately, the horrified audience immediately caught the link that they had missed just now!

There was also Alipay!

Alipay, Makino Technology, and Taobao website were all under the same boss. However, wasn't Alipay previously created by 3321 website?

If I remember correctly, its founder should be that National People's Congress student, Li Mu, right?

Then here's the problem!

Did Li Mu sell Alipay, or was Li Mu the boss behind Alipay, Taobao website, and Makino Technology?!

Just as the entire nation's audience was eager to know more detailed information, the female reporter smiled and thanked Liu Xiaodong for accepting this interview. Then, the scene immediately switched back to the studio.

Sun Junyi said with a face full of smiles, "I think the audience in front of the TV must be very eager to know who the boss of Taobao website, Alipay, and Makino Technology is. Then, please tune in to Central TV Department 1's program, 'Face to Face', which will be broadcast simultaneously with the news channel at 9: 30 PM tonight …"

Just as the entire nation's audience realized that Sun Junyi was deliberately keeping them in suspense and was about to curse, Sun Junyi's expression suddenly turned serious. He said in an exceptionally serious tone, "In this episode of 'Face to Face,' Central TV will bring you to the story of 'Internet Pride — Li Mu' and his legend!"

That one sentence was like a sudden artillery shell, completely igniting the emotions of the entire nation's audience!

When the entire nation was extremely shocked in front of the TV, dumbfounded, and even exclaimed out loud, Sun Junyi looked at Professor Qian Jin and said politely, "Thank you, Professor Qian, for coming today … Everyone, let's meet again in the next episode!"