Chapter 195

After the entire financial aid plan was finalized, the efficiency of the remaining steps was shockingly high.

On Saturday, Liu Nian got in touch with his alma mater. What he didn't know was that because of the Yanjing TV program, he had now become a celebrity in the school, especially among the third year students. They all saw him as a role model. Originally, many students were very pessimistic about entering a university, thinking that even if they could get in, they wouldn't be able to afford it. However, Liu Nian had given them great hope. It turned out that if they could get into a good university, not only could they earn their own tuition fees, but they could also earn money to support their families while they were in university. This had completely subverted the traditional understanding of university that these mountain kids had, so everyone's motivation to study was much higher than before.

The teachers and leaders of his alma mater were originally very pleased that Liu Nian was able to bring such great motivation to his juniors. When they heard that the 3321 network behind Liu Nian was coming to their school to make a financial aid donation, the school leaders immediately agreed happily and promised to do their best to cooperate.

After the school confirmed it, Li Mu immediately asked an administrative staff of 3321 to help him book a plane ticket and contact a local car rental company. He also asked the finance department to help him contact the bank in the small county town where Liu Nian's family lived and make an appointment to withdraw a large amount of cash.

In the afternoon, Dong Ai told Li Mu that she had already communicated with the media. Basically, all the media that had reported on 3321 were very interested in this financial aid and said that they would send reporters to follow up on it. Dong Ai had also contacted the local media, the provincial TV stations, the city TV stations, and the print media. However, it was still unknown how many of them would be going.

The people in room 606 were all very excited. Liu Nian originally thought that he would only have a chance to go home during the Chinese New Year. He didn't expect that he would be able to go back to his alma mater with Li Mu this time. Although he didn't have time to go home, he still wanted to buy some Yanjing specialties for his family. Then he could ask his father to come to the county town ahead of time and give it to him.

So, Sun Jian accompanied Liu Nian to the streets. Xue Jianfeng, Li Yawei, and Hu Zhengdao all ran to find their girlfriends. They didn't have time to accompany their girlfriends this weekend, so they could only meet them in the afternoon and tell them that they would be going to do something special on the weekend and next Monday.

Li Mu's scheduled flight would depart at 6: 30 am on Sunday and they would arrive at the provincial capital at 9: 50 am. The administration had contacted a travel company in the provincial capital and rented a 23-seater Toyota Coaster. They would be waiting at the airport before 10 am. After they got off the plane, they would get on the bus and go straight to their destination. It was about 200 kilometers, a four-hour drive. They would arrive at their destination by 2 or 3 pm.

Li Mu used the last free time in the afternoon to finish developing the main body of the legendary cheat, as well as the activation code and verification program. Zhao Kang had already set up the verification server on Thursday, so now they could use this cheat to make money.

This cheat was named "Legendary Overlord 2.0" by Li Mu. It was an upgraded version of Version 1.0, with a free trial period of ten days. It had many more functions than the free version 1.0. Version 1.0 only had the function of removing wax and showing blood. Version 2.0 had a certain acceleration effect, and it also had the functions of automatic picking up, automatic drinking, and other extremely practical functions. For the current legendary players, it was definitely a good helper that they dreamed of.

That night, Li Mu gave the installation package to Zhao Kang and asked him to mobilize the Internet Water Army to promote this cheat as soon as possible. Then, he asked his core personnel to hurry up and discuss cooperation with Internet cafes everywhere. He had to spread the agent network as much as possible before the free trial period of ten days.

Zhao Kang had the experience of promoting the Stoneware Overlord. Now that he had a strong Internet Water Army, he was full of confidence this time. He patted his chest and promised that he would spread the agent network all over the country.

Li Mu believed in his ability, so he didn't say anything else. He went back to his dormitory early and packed a simple backpack. He took two sets of clothes and toiletries, and went to bed early at 9 am.

…

At 4 am in the morning, the six people in Dormitory 606 woke up and took turns to wash up. At 4: 30 am, the six of them each carried a backpack and left the dormitory.

Before the sun rose, the six of them waited at the school gate for a few minutes. Dong Ai brought a girl out of the school. This girl was a third-year student who had followed her in the Student Council for more than a year. Now, she had also joined 3321.

When the eight of them met, Dong Ai said, "I contacted two taxi drivers last night and arranged for them to go to the airport this morning. I called them before I came out just now. They should be here soon."

Li Yawei put on a calm face and smiled with a hint of flattery. "Senior Sister Ai, you're really thoughtful. I was just thinking, how are we going to get to the airport in the dark and we can't even see a car? What if we miss the flight?"

"You talk too much." Dong Ai rolled her eyes at him.

One was Li Yawei, and the other was Xue Jianfeng. These two were the people in charge of the two districts that she had set up after she took over 3321. Therefore, she had interacted with them quite a bit. She also knew that Li Yawei was a typical Yanjing boy who was very talkative.

Li Yawei chuckled. Just as she was about to say a few more words to Dong Ai, a taxi approached them from afar. Very soon, it arrived in front of them.

Dong Ai went forward to take a look. It was one of the drivers that she had contacted last night. She said to Li Mu, "Four of you can go first. I'll wait for the next car."

Li Mu said, "Why don't you go first? It's quite cold. I don't want you two ladies to freeze."

Dong Ai smiled and said, "It's fine to wear a down jacket. The main thing is that you guys don't know the driver of the second car. I've already told the driver. If you guys get into the wrong car again, the driver will hate me to death."

Li Mu nodded and said to the guys in Room 606, "One of you stay with me to wait for the next car. The other four can go first."

Li Yawei hurriedly said, "Hey, I'll go with you, Mu Ge."

Li Mu said, "Okay, then the four of you hurry up and get in the car."

Sun Jian and the others didn't refuse and got in the car first. Dong Ai ran over and took out a hundred yuan to pass to the driver. Xue Jianfeng, who was sitting in the passenger seat, hurriedly took out his wallet to stop her. Dong Ai said, "This money is from 3321. You don't have to pay for it yourself."

After that, Dong Ai patted the car door and said to the driver, "Sir, let's go."

The first car quickly disappeared into the night. Three minutes later, another taxi arrived. Dong Ai confirmed that it was the car she had booked. Li Mu sat in the passenger seat and the car sped to the airport.

When they arrived at the airport, it was just five o 'clock. The eight of them met up again. None of them had any luggage that needed to be checked in. Only Liu Nian had bought some local specialties, and Hu Zhengdao and Sun Jian helped him carry some. Overall, they were traveling light.

Several reporters from the media also rushed to the airport. They wanted to get first-hand news from the beginning. At the same time, they also wanted to hitch a ride with Li Mu's car to the county town. Otherwise, it would be too far away.

There were a few reporters that Li Mu knew before, including Chen Lei from Yanjing TV Station. Originally, these reporters wanted to do an interview at the airport, but Li Mu politely declined. He told these reporters that he hoped that they could record the whole thing from a bystander's point of view. After the whole program was completed, he would accept everyone's interview.

The reporters didn't have any objections. Anyway, the official article would be published after they returned to Yanjing. It didn't matter if they did an interview early or late.

Since they had woken up too early, everyone was still a little sleepy. Hence, they hurried through the security check and rested on the chairs outside the boarding gate. The popularity of civil aviation in 2001 was far less than what it would be ten years later. Flying in this era was much more comfortable than it would be ten years later. On one hand, the major airlines were mostly using new planes for short-haul routes. On the other hand, the occupancy rate of the planes was generally low. The morning flight that Li Mu and the others took had a total of less than fifty people waiting for their flight.

Everyone was resting on the chairs. When the plane began to board, they immediately lined up to board. The first thing they did after boarding the plane was to find their seats, put down their luggage, buckle their seatbelts, and sleep.

Because the occupancy rate of the plane was less than half, the passengers were very sparse. There were at most two seats in a row of three. Li Mu and Li Yawei sat in a row. Li Mu sat by the window while Li Yawei sat next to Li Mu. As soon as they sat down, Li Mu closed his eyes and continued to sleep. Thinking that he could catch up on sleep during the flight, Li Yawei also closed his eyes for a while. A minute later, seeing that Li Mu kept his eyes closed, he called out in a low voice, "Mu Ge, Mu Ge …"

Seeing that Li Mu didn't respond, he took out his phone and sent a message. "He seems to be asleep. You can come up."

A moment later, a beautiful woman, whose appearance and figure were superior to several flight attendants on the plane, boarded the plane.

In the back row of Li Mu, Liu Nian, who was taking a plane for the first time and was about to return to his hometown, was looking around curiously. When he saw the woman coming in, he was so surprised that he almost blurted out. Hu Zhengdao, who was next to him, hurriedly covered his mouth.

"Little Nian Nian, don't talk nonsense. The girl wants to give you a surprise, Mu Ge. Don't let you ruin it!"

Hu Zhengdao whispered in Liu Nian's ear. Liu Nian looked up at the goddess-like woman and nodded gently.

Under the gaze of all the men in the cabin, the woman came to Li Yawei's side. She stuck out her tongue at Li Yawei playfully, pointed to Li Mu beside her, and mouthed, "Is he asleep?"

Li Yawei stood up gently and said in a low voice, "He should be asleep."

As she spoke, Li Yawei got out of her seat and said to the woman, "You sit here. I'll go to the back."

The woman nodded gently and thanked her in a low voice. Then she gently put her backpack into the luggage rack and sat next to Li Mu.

Li Yawei went to the back and sought refuge with Sun Jian and Xue Jianfeng.

In order to sit comfortably, Sun Jian and Xue Jianfeng sat by the window and the corridor respectively. Li Yawei didn't want to sit alone, so she said to them, "Big Brother, Second Brother, can I sit between you two?"