Chapter 579

Just as Du Wei began to familiarize herself with the two songs, "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" and "First Day", and was actively preparing for the recording, a new round of Mango-ME sales was about to begin.

The two OEM factories that were once forced by several major MP3 companies to produce at full capacity, so Mango-ME's production capacity was greatly increased. A total of 500,000 units were in stock.

Before the sales began, Liu Yidong found Li Mu and told Li Mu about his concerns. If the efficiency of the express delivery was insufficient, the entire EMS capacity of Yanjing Post would collapse. If the EMS capacity collapsed, they could only settle for the next best thing and use ordinary parcel mail. That way, the timeliness and safety would not be guaranteed. It would take a week to deliver the goods, and it would also take a month to deliver the goods. It was completely uncontrollable.

Liu Yidong did not mention building his own logistics system. Although he had been thinking about building his own logistics system, no matter what Li Mu's attitude towards this matter was, it was far away. The 500,000 units of Mango-ME at the moment was just a small test. When the brand day was launched in July, there might be millions of orders. Those electronic product companies were all in Shenzhen, and it was estimated that the entire Shenzhen Post EMS would be overcrowded in one day.

Li Mu also realized that this was a huge problem. Logistics and transportation was the final and most important part of online shopping. If the logistics efficiency could not keep up, the development of the entire e-commerce would be greatly affected. If they followed the normal development path, Taobao would start first, and after that, private capital would realize the needs of express delivery logistics. Then, private capital would build their own logistics system according to the market demand. In this case, at most, they would have to endure a lack of transportation capacity for one or two years. After two years of e-commerce development, the supporting logistics industry would keep up with the pace of e-commerce development.

However, Liu Yidong did not want to follow such a passive market rule, and neither did Li Mu.

This also made Li Mu truly realize that building his own logistics system could be put on the agenda. Although logistics was a heavy asset project, for the development of Taobao, he still had to invest in it.

However, the most important thing at the moment was not to discuss how to prepare for building his own logistics system. The most important thing at the moment was to solve the shipping problem of 500,000 units of Mango-ME, as well as the Taobao summer brand day in the near future.

Li Mu frowned and fell into deep thought. When he thought of the 500,000 units of Mango-ME lying in the warehouse in the suburbs of Beijing, he could not help but feel a headache. However, he quickly thought of JD.com in the future and the characteristics of JD.com Logistics.

The basic process of JD.com Logistics was different from Taobao. Taobao was the logistics process from a fixed seller's location to a fixed buyer's location. Both of them could not be adjusted. JD.com, on the other hand, deployed the logistics process by building large warehouse centers all over the country. The same goods would be stocked in all of JD.com's major warehouse centers. Each warehouse center had its own area of coverage. After the user placed the order, the system would allocate the goods to the nearest warehouse center based on the user's geographical location.

Li Mu was thinking, if he distributed the 500,000 units of Mango-ME in advance, would it solve the current problem?

Thinking of this, he immediately stood up, walked to the whiteboard, and used a black whiteboard pen to draw a simple map on it.

First, he wrote Yanjing at the top of the whiteboard. Then, he wrote Huabei behind Yanjing. Then, he wrote Shanghai in the middle of the bottom, followed by Huadong. Further down, he wrote Yangcheng, which was Huanan. On the upper left, he wrote Sichuan, which corresponded to Huabei. Further up, he wrote Hanjiang, which corresponded to Huabei.

Six major cities covered six major regions. After he finished drawing, Li Mu said to Liu Yidong, "Send out five small teams to stay in the other five cities other than Yanjing. There are three missions:

First, rent a warehouse with a large enough area and good storage conditions. We will transfer the goods to the warehouses in these five cities before the instant kill begins.

Second, build a good relationship with the local postal service. Talk about cooperation as usual. Don't omit the necessary public relations, gifts, and meals in private. Get through this layer of relationship. The EMS transport capacity must first guarantee us.

Third, after the instant kill begins, immediately pack, issue orders, and ship the goods. You can even pack the Mango-ME in units in advance. Once the orders that are covered by the warehouse come out, immediately send the shipping orders to the EMS for shipment. "

This was the first time that Li Mu mentioned the concept of a warehouse center. Although his warehouse center might be a small warehouse less than a thousand square meters, the structure was already very complete. It was so complete that it surprised Liu Yidong!

Although he had been thinking about building his own logistics, because he had always considered the problem from the C2C level, he had not thought about the warehouse center model of Jingdong in the future. Normal logistics had a plan similar to Li Mu's, but they only planned logistics distribution centers in these cities. Using the distribution center method, they only solved the route of the goods in the process of logistics. For example, if a user in Hangzhou bought a Mango-ME, the package would first be sent from Yanjing to Shanghai. Shanghai would then sort out the packages from Hangzhou and transport them to Hangzhou. Then, Hangzhou would carry out the specific delivery. This model was a point-to-point transport for the trunk line, and a branch line would cover from point to surface. However, the goods would still be sent from Yanjing.

As for Li Mu's model, it was a typical B2C transport model. If a user in Hangzhou bought a Mango-ME, the goods would be sent directly from the warehouse center in Shanghai to Hangzhou. Not only would it divert the logistics pressure from Yanjing, but it could also speed up the time efficiency of the transportation. Using this model to sell Mango-ME was simply the most suitable!

Liu Yidong felt that he would be shocked by Li Mu every time. His way of thinking was simply a generation ahead of him, and he could not catch up even if he tried to. For example, Li Mu said last time that if he built his own logistics, he must take over the airline's cargo warehouse resources. After that, Liu Yidong specially studied it and realized that what Li Mu said was really too important!

Now, there was no logistics company that could afford to buy planes. If they could not afford to buy their own cargo planes and wanted to pursue efficiency, they had to use the airline's help. The airline's cargo warehouse was an additional industry of civil aviation transportation, and the resources were limited. If the logistics industry came in spring, this high-end resource would definitely be fought over. If they could monopolize it in advance, there would be too many advantages.

Building six warehouses in six major cities, the investment cost was not high, and the labor cost was not high either. However, it could solve the problem of shipping on Taobao's network in the future to a large extent. Now that the two OEM factories of Mango-ME were producing at full capacity, the annual production capacity was more than ten million units. Moreover, with such a huge price advantage, Mango-ME did not have to worry about sales at all. Just for the ten million units of Mango-ME, it was worth investing in these six warehouses. Moreover, in the future, when the Taobao Brand Day event started, Taobao could also use its scattered warehouses to help the electronics companies that were concentrated in Shenzhen reduce the shipping pressure. Therefore, in general, it would be very useful in the future.

Liu Yidong, who understood all this, could not wait any longer. He could not wait to start on this matter immediately. Li Mu said to him again, "Home Delivery seems to be quite large at the moment. It is considered one of the stronger private delivery companies. You can find someone to have a chat with them and sign a strategic cooperation agreement or something. You can't just rely on the postal EMS to solve the problem. After the situation on Taobao's network stabilizes, you can prepare to build your own logistics in the fourth quarter. The investment cost of building your own logistics is high, and it has great strategic significance. Therefore, you have to personally oversee it."

Liu Yidong nodded repeatedly. Originally, Li Mu wanted to prepare to build his own logistics next year, but now it had been brought forward to the fourth quarter. Now that the second quarter was going to pass in the blink of an eye, he only had one quarter left. It was really urgent.

Li Mu said, "Building your own logistics is too slow. I can't find a quick way to succeed. Why don't you look at buying a well-established delivery company? It will be much more convenient to build on its original structure and upgrade it."

Liu Yidong said awkwardly, "We don't have the capital to buy a logistics company. A logistics company will cost at least tens of millions."

Taobao's network had not started to make profits yet. The funds on the books were all from Li Mu and Liu Yidong. Of course, there was no problem in maintaining operations. However, if they wanted to buy a delivery company, the funds on the books were not enough at all. When the time came, if they wanted to increase the capital, then the 10% of his capital would definitely increase as well. However, if they wanted to increase the capital by 40 to 50 million, it would be 4 to 5 million when it was his turn. Where would he have that much money on hand …

Li Mu saw his worry and said, "Senior, you just go and talk to them now. You don't have to worry about the money for the acquisition. If you are short on funds, I can help you pay your portion first."

At this point, Liu Yidong was no longer worried. He immediately nodded and said, "I understand. I'll contact Home Delivery first."

Li Mu said, "Let's arrange for the storage units in various places first. This cannot be delayed. By next month, Mango-ME will be shipping millions of units every month. The pace will be very fast."

Liu Yidong said, "Then let's decide on the weight ratio of these storage units. How are we going to split the 500,000 units?"