Chapter 806

While Dong Ai and Mei Yanfang were chatting and laughing, Lin Ching-ah told Li Mu that the driver she had sent to pick up Xiao Fangfang at the airport had just called. There was a bit of traffic on the way back, and it was estimated that they would have to wait for another 20 minutes.

Li Mu was not in a hurry. While chatting with them, he slowly took care of everyone's orders. When the dishes were ordered and the cold dishes were served, Xiao Fangfang arrived just in time.

Xiao Fangfang came from Hong Kong alone this time. She didn't even bring an assistant with her. As soon as she entered the door, she hurriedly apologized to everyone and said, "I'm really sorry to have kept you waiting for so long. There was a bit of traffic on the way into the city, and I was so anxious that I was sweating."

Zhang Guorong smiled and said, "You didn't wait for long. Sister Fang, you came just in time. The cold dishes have just been served."

Xiao Fangfang looked at Zhang Guorong and said with a smile, "Leslie, I find that your overall appearance is much better than when you were in Hong Kong. Have you been more comfortable in the mainland than in Hong Kong?"

Zhang Guorong nodded and said, "That's really much more comfortable than in Hong Kong. When you have time to take a vacation, I'll take you to Erhai Lake. The environment there is so beautiful."

Xiao Fangfang said, "I would like to take a vacation, but the actual situation doesn't allow it."

As she spoke, Xiao Fangfang also greeted Mei Yanfang, and finally said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, this time I came to Yan Jing specially to thank you. I received a notice that this charity auction has sold more than 28 million yuan. This is really beyond my expectations."

Li Mu smiled and said, "President Xiao, this is also thanks to the large number of netizens in the mainland, and there are many hidden talents who love to participate in charity activities."

Xiao Fangfang said sincerely, "I still have to thank you. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have the face to ask so many stars to donate so many things to participate in the charity auction. If it was like the charity auction in Hong Kong before, after deducting all kinds of costs, it would be very lucky to raise so many things …"

Xiao Fangfang was telling the truth. The reason why the Children's Protection Fund's situation in Hong Kong was getting more and more awkward was that the stars had already done her a favor and were too lazy to continue to invest. Therefore, in the later charity auctions, the value of the personal items that the stars took out to participate in the charity auction became lower and lower. Xiao Fangfang didn't blame them, because she knew that she couldn't give these stars anything in return. It was already very rare that they were willing to donate something.

But it was different for Li Mu. In front of those stars, Li Mu didn't really have more face than Xiao Fangfang. After all, Li Mu had seen very few stars, and there were even fewer stars that he had directly dealt with. But the most important thing was that Li Mu had the promotion resources that the stars wanted the most. Just the all-channel promotion of the stars that Li Mu had created was the dream of countless singers in the mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan. Moreover, the Taobao charity auction itself was a kind of promotion. Even if they didn't have any relationship with Li Mu, they were still willing to participate.

In fact, many things, in the end, were exchanges of interests.

Even if it was a charity event, there were many exchanges of interests.

Why was it easier for a big star's charity fund to raise money?

It was nothing more than the big star's favor, face, and influence.

Why did the celebrities of the National People's Congress like to donate money to the patients and injured who became popular on Weibo and WeChat, while the patients and injured who didn't become popular would not donate a single cent even if they sent private messages to them?

The reason was that they didn't donate for charity at all, but to gain fame and fame.

For some celebrities, they could donate money, but they first had to see if the person in need was popular on the Internet. If they were popular, they would donate immediately, and they had to fly to the person in front of them to donate in person. If they weren't popular … Damn, if they weren't popular, then why did they come to me to donate money?

Did they get kicked in the head by a donkey?

Get as far away from me as you can!

This was also the embarrassment of traditional charity, so much so that most charity funds or non-governmental organizations would try their best to raise money by themselves. The Seedling Protection Fund was just one of the countless charity funds. In the future, there was a celebrity on Weibo who specially set up a charity fund for the veterans of the War of Resistance. In order to raise money, he had put in all his effort.

Fortunately, there were many means of publicity in the future. The threshold for publicity on the Internet was low, and it was easy to create hot news. However, without the support of the Internet, the threshold for publicity was too high. Television advertisements were paid by the second, display advertisements were paid by the square foot, and print advertisements were paid by the word and length. This was also the dilemma that Xiao Fangfang had always faced.

Because of this, Li Mu admired people like Xiao Fangfang who were still wholeheartedly doing charity in this era. To be able to put in so much effort for a foundation and for the sake of sexually abused minors, this was definitely kindness from the heart.

And it just so happened that Li Mu began to bring charity to a new level through 3321. As the organizer of the charity fund, he would not be like others, who would do everything possible to beg others to donate. He developed charity into a healthy industry chain, where the donors and the donees could each take what they needed, forming a virtuous cycle. It was the same for the charity auction now.

When Li Mu brought in the publicity resources and Taobao resources, it immediately changed the passive participation of the celebrities into active participation. The number of people participating in the charity auction increased, and the value of the items increased. Naturally, the total income of the charity auction increased exponentially. Li Mu also got the benefits he wanted. Although he gave out resources, Taobao gained fame, attention, and a product that other competitors could not have. This formed a win-win situation between the platform, the celebrities, and the foundation.

Sometimes, the appropriate introduction of resources and the sorting of interests would have a very magical effect. This was like the three-way catalytic converter in a car. The effect of the three-way catalytic converter was to convert the three harmful substances, CO, HC, and NOx produced by the engine into three harmless substances, carbon dioxide, water, and nitrogen. The three harmful substances were converted into three harmless substances, and the effect was excellent.

Li Mu invited Xiao Fangfang to sit beside him. After Xiao Fangfang sat down, she told Li Mu her latest decision: She wanted to bring the Seedling Protection Fund to the mainland, starting from Guangdong Province.

Li Mu was very surprised. Xiao Fangfang was already very old, and the charity work of the Seedling Protection Fund in Hong Kong had already taken up most of her energy. In the face of such a big mainland, would she be able to cope?

However, Xiao Fangfang said, "No one can do all the good things in the world. When I started the Seedling Protection Fund, I didn't expect to be able to help all the minors who had been sexually assaulted in Hong Kong. But I only had one thought at that time. As long as I helped one, I could help a minor get rid of the shadow of pain. There are always times when people can't do what they want. I just have to do my best and have a clear conscience."

When Li Mu heard this, he had a deep understanding. Many people who did charity set their goals to the extreme. Some people said that they wanted to let no one in the world suffer from hunger and cold. Some said that they wanted to let all the young people in the world have education. Some said that they wanted to help all the homeless, and some said that they wanted to give all the orphans a warm home.

If the goal was set too big, it would be too empty. It was better to start from the smallest. Don't think about letting no one in the world suffer from hunger and cold. First take an old cotton-padded jacket and a bowl of hot noodle soup for the homeless person shivering in the cold wind in front of your house. If you still have the heart to continue doing charity, try to find another piece of clothing and give it to one more person in need.

Charity should be done like Xiao Fangfang to truly benefit society.

This meal, to Li Mu, to Xiao Fangfang, to Zhang Guorong, and to Mei Yanfang, had a special meaning. The four of them had come into contact with charity before. At this time, sitting at the same table and discussing the problems of charity, each of them had gone beyond the stage of armchair strategizing and talking about it. The topics they talked about were also very realistic and practical.

Just as Li Mu was eating with them, the media was reporting about the Taobao Charity Auction. In today's news broadcast, the Taobao Charity Auction had actually entered the main content sequence.

During this period of time, the positive energy had a great impact on society, and the people were also very approving of it. Central Television had also set a tone to focus on the positive energy for a period of time, so they paid special attention to the actions of the companies under Li Mu.

For Central Television, Li Mu was the best choice to promote positive energy. As long as one paid attention to him, there would be no shortage of positive news. The reporters even gave him a nickname: Positive Little Prince.

Sure enough, in less than two days, there was another big news that was full of positive energy — the Taobao Charity Auction, which attracted hundreds of celebrities to actively participate, donating thousands of personal items, and was auctioned off for more than 28 million yuan.

In 2002, more than 28 million yuan was a particularly large amount of money. What's more, the most impressive thing was not the amount of money, but the grand lineup of hundreds of celebrities. So many celebrities' personal items were auctioned off in Taobao, attracting the attention of countless fans, netizens, and people for so many days. Therefore, the positive energy emitted by this charity auction was very influential. For Central Television, which had been actively looking for positive news and examples, this was simply the best news in recent times.

In this news broadcast, Central Television not only reported the data of the whole charity auction, but also focused on Mo Wenwei. The original words in the news broadcast were: "The king of this charity auction is a Patek Philippe limited edition watch donated by the famous Hong Kong singer and movie star Mo Wenwei. This watch was sold at a sky-high price of 1.2 million yuan in this charity auction."

As the only celebrity named by Central Television in this news, Mo Wenwei's attention suddenly reached the peak. During this period, she had accumulated a very large number of fans. After Central Television News Broadcast reported the news that she donated a watch worth a million yuan, a large number of people immediately became her fans. Then, Mo Wenwei's personal Tieba ushered in a huge peak of traffic, becoming the most active Tieba of the same time tonight.

At this time, Mo Wenwei was participating in the recording of an interview program in Shanghai. After a busy day, she just finished the interview and dragged her tired body to the dressing room to remove her makeup. Her assistant hurriedly came in with a mobile phone and whispered something in Mo Wenwei's ear excitedly.

Mo Wenwei suddenly screamed and looked at her assistant with excitement and disbelief. "Really?!"

The assistant nodded. "Absolutely!"

Mo Wenwei was overjoyed and said without hesitation, "Give me the mobile phone. I want to call Li Zong!"

…