Chapter 1342

In order to entertain Li Mu's family well, Xie Yun had arranged for her assistant to go out early in the morning to buy all kinds of ingredients. She had been preparing since lunch and had not been idle until the afternoon. Zhao Ziqiu had also deliberately asked for leave to help her mother at home.

Li Mu had gone to two companies according to the usual practice during the SARS period. After handling some daily work, he had rushed home at four o 'clock in the afternoon.

The reason why he had returned so early was that Li Ma remembered that she was going to visit the family today. However, when she thought that there were only the mother and daughter preparing dinner, she felt embarrassed. Therefore, she told Li Mu to come back early so that the family of three could go over earlier to help the family.

Li Mu had specially looked for Fatty Wang and asked him to send two bottles of collectible red wine as a gift. Then, he drove back to Ziyun Villa.

Li Ma had also prepared some Haizhou specialties and said that she would bring them over for the family to have a taste.

The original appointment was at half past six, but it was only a little after four o 'clock now. Li Mu called Xie Yun and asked if it was convenient for her. He also told her that his mother wanted to go over and help.

At first, Xie Yun was too embarrassed to ask Li Ma for help. However, after thinking about it, she could not decline the family of three. Therefore, she repeatedly thanked her and agreed.

When the family of three went out, there was no one on the streets inside Ziyun Villa. The air was still filled with the obvious smell of disinfectant.

According to the property management of Ziyun Villa, they would carry out outdoor disinfection six times a day during the SARS period. The disinfectant workers would take battery-powered vehicles to spray the roads and green belts of the entire Ziyun Villa. Not only that, they would also carry out disinfection work every day in the forest park outside Ziyun Villa to try their best to ensure the safety of the owners.

Since Purple Cloud Villa was surrounded by a forest park, the only way to get out of the district was by car. The villa was full of single-family villas, and every owner drove in and out of their villa. Therefore, very few people would walk on the streets of the villa, and there were only a few cars passing by.

Because of these reasons, the owners of Ziyun Villa still felt very safe. Even if there were owners in the community who were infected with SARS, the chances of other owners being infected were very low.

After walking in the villa for a few minutes, the family of three arrived at the door of Zhao Ziqiu's villa. Li Mu had told his parents before that Zhao Ziqiu was his friend, so Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't think too much about it, nor did they feel any psychological pressure. However, Li Mu felt a little guilty. Standing at the door of the villa, he was inevitably perturbed. He didn't know if his parents could see the unusual relationship between him and Zhao Ziqiu.

Li Mu rang the doorbell, and Zhao Ziqiu ran out to open the door.

Zhao Ziqiu was wearing a clean and slim fit A&F hoodie with her hair tied up in a ponytail. She didn't have any makeup on, but she was eye-catching.

Seeing Papa Lee and Li Ma, Zhao Ziqiu looked a little nervous. She greeted them politely, "Hello, Uncle and Auntie!

I'm Li Mu's friend. My name is Zhao Ziqiu. You can call me Ziqiu! "

Obviously, Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't realize that the female friend mentioned by Li Mu turned out to be such a beautiful girl. Moreover, the girl's temperament was excellent. She didn't have a hidden edge like some beautiful girls, nor was she too reserved like some girls. In short, she was comfortable no matter how you looked at her.

Li Ma usually liked girls the most. Maybe because she didn't have a daughter, Li Mu remembered when he was a child that his mother would show a different kind of love when she saw any girl. If she met a beautiful and well-behaved girl, she would want to take her home to raise her for a few days. In the memory of more than 30 years in Li Mu's previous life, Li Ma often lamented in front of him that she didn't have a daughter. If she had a daughter, she probably wouldn't be like Li Mu, who had left home since he went to college. Sometimes Li Ma also regretted it. If she had known that she would be laid off, she would have had a second child at the risk of being fired. In this way, one son could work hard outside, and the other could stay at home to accompany her.

However, since Li Mu was reborn, he hadn't heard his mother sigh like this. But when she saw Zhao Ziqiu, the familiar love for Li Mu appeared again in her expression. Looking at Zhao Ziqiu, she smiled and praised, "Oh!

What a beautiful girl! "

Zhao Ziqiu had been praised for her appearance by all kinds of elders, friends, and even strangers since she was a child. In fact, she had long been immune to this kind of words. But when Li Ma said this, she still blushed shyly.

Li Ma turned her head and looked at Papa Lee. She said sincerely, "Since I gave birth to Li Mu, I have dreamed of having a daughter like you for more than 20 years."

Zhao Ziqiu was even more shy, but she was naturally happy in her heart. Li Ma liked her, which was really something that she didn't dare to dream of before.

Papa Lee didn't expect that the girl in front of him, who was the same age as his son, was so beautiful. He had seen Su Yingxue before. At that time, he thought that Su Yingxue was already a beautiful girl in real life. He didn't expect that Zhao Ziqiu was more likeable than Su Yingxue.

Papa Lee didn't know what was wrong with him, so he said to Li Ma, "It's impossible for you to have such a beautiful daughter. Let's see if your son can find you such a beautiful daughter-in-law."

Papa Lee's words were completely from the bottom of his heart, but it made Zhao Ziqiu's face redder.

Li Mu saw that Zhao Ziqiu's little face became pink, which was very cute.

At this time, Li Ma saw that Zhao Ziqiu's face was red, so she hurriedly said to Papa Lee, "Don't talk nonsense. You've made a girl's face red!"

Only then did Zhao Ziqiu realize that her cheeks were burning. It must be obvious, so she hurriedly changed the topic and said, "Uncle and Auntie, please come in. I just made some tea for you to taste."

Papa Lee and Li Ma thanked her with a smile and walked into the villa with Li Mu, led by Zhao Ziqiu. At the door, Zhao Ziqiu stood outside and said very sensibly, "Uncle and Auntie, please come in."

Then, as soon as Papa Lee and Li Ma entered the door, she immediately turned her head and stuck out her tongue at Li Mu, mouthing, "I'm so nervous!"

Looking at Zhao Ziqiu's flushed face and nervous expression, Li Mu smiled at her and said in a low voice, "Just be natural."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and then entered the house with Li Mu.

As soon as they entered the house, when Papa Lee and Li Ma were about to change their shoes, Xie Yun came out of the kitchen with an apron. When she saw Papa Lee and Li Ma, she said with a smile, "You are Li Mu's parents, right?

Nice to meet you. My name is Xie Yun, Ziqiu's mother. "

Li Ma and Papa Lee also said very politely, "Hello, I heard from Mu that you just arrived last night. We're really sorry to disturb you today."

"Oh, you don't have to be so polite."

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "It is estimated that we will be neighbors for a long time in the future. The children are friends, so we are naturally friends. We live so close to each other in the future. Don't be a stranger in the future. We should visit each other more often."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Yes, we must visit each other more often in the future. I have discussed with Mu's father before that we will invite you and your mother to our house tomorrow."

"Okay, okay!" Xie Yun nodded and smiled happily. "We will be there on time tomorrow."

Li Ma handed the gift bag in her hand to Xie Yun and said, "These are some local specialties of Haizhou. They are not very famous and can't be bought outside, but they taste really good. I brought them here for you to taste."

"Thank you!"

Xie Yun did not stand on ceremony. She took the bag with both hands and said with a smile, "Although the specialties of Hangzhou are famous, most of the ones sold outside are not authentic. I also brought a lot of authentic specialties of Hangzhou when I came here. I will bring some back for you to taste after dinner."

Then, she looked at Papa Lee and asked with a smile, "Brother Li, you usually like to drink tea, right?

When I came here, Ziqiu's father brought me some of his treasured Longjing tea leaves. He said that drinking tea is good for the body and can enhance the body's resistance. Brother Li, take a box back after dinner. "

Papa Lee felt a little sorry and said, "How can I …"

Xie Yun smiled faintly and said, "Brother Li, you don't need to be so distant. If there's a chance, I'll introduce my family's Old Zhao to you. You two should be able to get along very well. Who knows, you might even become good friends.

Papa Lee's social experience was far less than that of Xie Yun. He was unconsciously led by her, so he nodded and said, "If there is a chance, I really want to get to know him well."

Li Mu felt a little emotional in his heart. His parents were indeed a lot weaker than Xie Yun in terms of social status. From their conversation, he could hear that Xie Yun was the one who could completely lead the conversation.

At this time, Li Mu handed the red wine box in his hand to Xie Yun and said, "Auntie Xie, this is a small gift for you."

Xie Yun smiled and took the red wine from Li Mu. Just by looking at the box, she knew that Li Mu had spent a lot of effort to find these two bottles of wine. She smiled and said, "Thank you, Li Mu. Auntie doesn't have any wine here. Let's open a bottle later when we eat."

After that, Xie Yun said to Papa Lee and Li Ma, "You two and the children can sit in the living room for a while and have a cup of tea. I have to leave first. There is still some work to do in the kitchen."

Li Ma hurriedly said, "I'll help you."

Xie Yun refused and said, "Don't bother. I can do it alone."

Nanny Li didn't allow Xie Yun to say anything. She stepped forward and hugged Xie Yun. She said as if it was the right thing to do, "How can I let you be busy alone? I told Mu to come earlier just to help you. The work in the kitchen is too trivial. It'll be much easier to have one more person to help. I cook at home all day.

As soon as Xie Yun saw that Li Ma was so enthusiastic, she didn't refuse anymore. She said with a smile, "Well, let Brother Li sit with the children for a while. Let's go to the kitchen."

Papa Lee asked, "Do you want me to help you?"

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "I invited you two to our house for dinner. How can I ask you two to help me? That's too unreasonable. It's enough for me to have my sister-in-law to help me."

After that, Xie Yun said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Ziqiu, take Uncle Li and Li Mu to the living room for a while."