Chapter 364

When Dufy saw Li Mu staring at the wine glass alone and laughing foolishly, she couldn't help but interrupt his imagination. "What are you thinking about? You can't even close your mouth."

Li Mu looked up and saw Dufy looking at him with a teasing face. Then he said with a smile, "Sister Fei, when will you go back to the United States?"

Dufy thought for a moment and said, "It should be after the 15th of the first lunar month."

Li Mu asked curiously, "The company is on holiday for so long?"

Dufy nodded. "I exchanged all kinds of overtime and rest. It just so happens that the firm is not busy now. In fact, after 9/11, our firm's projects were reduced by about 20%. We used to be busy, but now we finally have time to breathe."

Li Mu said, "After you go back, can you do me a favor?"

Dufy asked him, "If you need anything, just say it. I will help if I can. If I can't help, I will create the conditions to help. I haven't thanked you for Xiaowei's matter yet."

Li Mu laughed and said, "You don't have to be so polite. In fact, what I want you to help is very simple. I want to register a company in the United States, but I don't know the relevant procedures at all, and I don't know how to do it. When you go back, can you help me consult?"

Dufy looked at Li Mu in surprise. She couldn't understand the young man's approach. Why did he want to open a company in the United States?

Did he expand his business to the United States so soon?

However, although Dufy was curious, she didn't ask much. Thinking that this matter was nothing at all, she immediately agreed and said, "I will help you consult my friends over there later to see what procedures Hua Xia's nationality people have to go through to open a company in the United States."

Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "Why do you suddenly want to register a company in the United States?

Do you want to apply for a green card? "

Li Mu shook his head. "For investment."

Chen Ze asked curiously, "Isn't it better at home?

Isn't the US market too mature? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "The internet industry is changing with each passing day. Even in America, there are a lot of new companies trying out all kinds of new ideas. This is a good time to bet. Bet on ten, and as long as you win one, you will be able to recoup all your capital. You might even be able to make a hundred times profit."

Chen Ze said, "It's said that the internet bubble is very powerful. Now that you mention it, it seems to be true. Don't tell me you're preparing to go to the United States and invest in it?"

Li Mu said, "It's not quite possible to cast a wide net. When it comes to investing, you need to have a specific target. If the project is good, the prospects are good, the founder and the team are good, there are no problems with these. Basically, you can invest."

Chen Ze nodded. He wasn't very good at doing business, so he didn't express his opinion. However, Du Wei was very interested in Li Mu's plan. She asked him, "If you go to the United States to register a company, where do you want to set up the company?"

"Silicon Valley," Li Mu said almost without hesitation.

Silicon Valley was the place where the internet and high-tech gathered. In this place, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Google, Intel, Facebook, Samsung, Tesla, Nvidia, and many other amazing companies could be found here. If they registered their companies here, many high-tech companies that were born in the future would have their own companies. Any internet company could not do without the support of investment banks. If they could make a name for themselves in the internet investment field, there would be a lot of good projects coming to their door in the future. It would be a lot of money.

Dufy seemed to have expected this answer from Li Mu. She nodded and said, "Okay, I'll help you ask around."

…

After the last upgrade of Happy Farm, the feedback from the users was very good. Not only did the number of users increase, but the average daily top-up value also increased slightly. Now, this small game had become Li Mu's cash cow. Coupled with the Series B financing, Makino Technology was now very rich. Although he had a lot of money, Li Mu didn't plan to invest in any new projects in the short term. He wanted to save the money for the big launch of YY after the New Year. When that time comes, he would start burning money. Online, offline, television, and traditional print media, all the resources that could be used would be mobilized to build momentum for the launch of YY in a short period of time. He would strive to catch QQ off guard.

In addition to Makino Technology, the development of Alipay was also very beneficial. Not only was it the first online payment channel, but it was also the first and only payment channel with tens of millions of users. Users of Happy Farm and Legend of Mir were constantly moving towards Alipay. As a result, Alipay's rapid growth attracted the attention of the industry.

Li Mu's senior, Liu Xiaodong, who was still in the photomagnetic business, had been paying attention to Li Mu's movements. When he realized that Alipay had connected to tens of millions of users, he couldn't wait to work with Li Mu to start an e-commerce business. Li Mu had mentioned this the last time, but since then, there had been no further developments. Liu Xiaodong was a little anxious. Seeing that the National People's Congress was going to be on holiday in two days, he couldn't help but call Li Mu to ask if he had a specific plan.

After receiving Liu Shixiong's invitation over the phone, Li Mu didn't reject it. Liu Shixiong booked a restaurant not far from the National People's Congress and invited Li Mu for dinner the next evening.

After arriving at the restaurant, Li Mu realized that Liu Shixiong wasn't alone. His girlfriend was also in the private room. When they saw Li Mu coming in, the two of them stood up and greeted Li Mu warmly. They also invited Li Mu to take a seat. Li Mu sat down after greeting them politely. He smiled and said, "Senior, why did you suddenly invite me to dinner?"

Liu Xiaodong smiled and exchanged a look with his girlfriend. He said, "Seeing that you're going to be on holiday, I guess you'll leave Beijing soon. If you leave, we'll have to wait until after the New Year to meet again. So, I wanted to meet you before you leave."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Brother Qiang, you're also from Southern Su, right?

Are you going back this New Year? "

Liu Xiaodong nodded. "We're actually from the same hometown, but I'm from northern Jiangsu. I'm going back to my hometown this New Year, but I can't leave until the end of the year."

Li Mu then looked at Liu Shixiong's girlfriend and asked her curiously, "What about sister-in-law?

Where are you from? "

Liu Shixiong's girlfriend said, "I'm from Beijing."

Li Mu asked, "Then is sister-in-law going back to your hometown with Brother Qiang this year?"

Liu Shixiong's girlfriend shook her head and said, "I can't leave."

When Li Mu saw that she answered so straightforwardly, he pondered in his heart. He heard that Liu Shixiong's girlfriend's family background was not ordinary. Back then, she had looked down on Liu Shixiong, who was starting a business in Zhongguancun. Later, she simply broke up with him. Now that Liu Shixiong had been in the optical and magnetic business for a long time, it was possible that their relationship had started to go downhill.

At this time, Liu Shixiong also said awkwardly, "Xiao Jing has a lot of things to do at home. The New Year is the busiest time."

Li Mu nodded. When he thought about how Liu Shixiong would probably be dumped soon, and after being dumped, he would find a little girl who was not even ten years old, Li Mu really couldn't bear to do that. It was better for him to be with his current girlfriend, so he deliberately said, "Senior, I think you should prepare to sell your optical and magnetic business after the New Year. You're a top student of the National People's Congress. It's really not right for you to go to Zhongguancun to do that kind of business."

After Li Mu said this, he kept sneaking glances at Liu Shixiong's girlfriend. As expected, when Li Mu said this, a glimmer of light flashed in her eyes. Li Mu's parents had also mentioned this to her in private when they were at home. They didn't really like Liu Shixiong and felt that he had no ambition and only cared about small profits. She had also mentioned this to him in a roundabout way, but he was always unmoved. Now that Li Mu said the same thing, she immediately looked at Liu Shixiong and waited for his reply.

Liu Shixiong smiled awkwardly and said to Li Mu, "Originally, I thought that this industry had a bit of a future. At least there was a good profit margin. But after talking to you the last time, I lost interest in this industry. Every day, all I think about is the Internet. To be honest, I'm a bit tired now. If there's a good opportunity, I can't wait to get out of it."

Liu Shixiong's girlfriend had the same idea. She had always hoped that Liu Shixiong would give up the photomagnetic sales business and take the civil service exam or enter a state agency. But now, she had another idea. If Liu Shixiong could really start a business with Li Mu, it would be a very good choice. After all, Li Mu's rise was too fast, and everyone was amazed. If they worked together, she believed that Liu Shixiong would definitely make a qualitative leap.

Li Mu also understood the meaning behind Liu Shixiong's words. At the same time, he also saw through his girlfriend's thoughts. After thinking for a while, Li Mu said, "How about this, Senior Brother. After the New Year, hurry up and liquidate all the photomagnetic resources you have. After the New Year, my Makino Technology will have a big move. After this big move, we can start an e-commerce business together. My Alipay is already beginning to take shape, and we can directly use it to pave the way for e-commerce. With so many users of Makino Technology, we can direct traffic to e-commerce websites in the future. This business will definitely take off very quickly."

Liu Shixiong looked happy and blurted out, "Are you sure?

If you're sure, I'll sell all the photomagnetic resources before the New Year. "

Li Mu did not expect him to be so anxious, so he said with a smile, "Don't worry, it will definitely be launched in the first half of the year. We can prepare after the New Year. I happen to have a good domain name in my hands. It's suitable for e-commerce."

Liu Shixiong asked curiously, "What domain name?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Taobao, as in gold, treasure."

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, Liu Shixiong said in surprise, "Taobao … This word is very appropriate, and it's too smooth."