Chapter 231

On Friday night, Chen Wan came to Yanjing.

She packed a 28-inch suitcase and a huge backpack. It was said that she had already packed a lot of things, but she couldn't bring them over. After she settled down, she would ask her classmates in Shanghai to mail them to her.

At eleven o 'clock at night, Li Mu picked her up at the airport. Chen Wan said that her father had asked someone to buy a serviced apartment for her in Yanjing. It was the kind of luxurious apartment that had been renovated, had appliances, and could be moved in with just a bag. The apartment was very close to Yanjing TV Station, and the bus was only three stops away.

Li Mu drove Chen Wan to her new apartment in Yanjing. The neighborhood was called Runfeng Shangju, and it was a new building developed by Ocean Real Estate. It was said that it was selling very well. Although it hadn't reached the point where it was sold out, more than half of it was sold out, which was considered very good in this year.

The apartment that belonged to Chen Wan was only about fifty square meters, but because it was one bedroom and one living room, it was relatively spacious. The room was well renovated, and the appliances were complete. The most important thing was that there wasn't any smell after entering. However, Li Mu still reminded Chen Wan to open the windows often to prevent excessive formaldehyde.

At first, Li Mu was worried that Chen Wan wouldn't have a blanket to sleep in at night. However, when Chen Wan opened the bedroom door to check, Li Mu realized that someone had already prepared a series of daily necessities such as bedding, pillows, and even daily necessities for her.

When Chen Wan went to work in Yanjing, Li Mu originally wanted to do his part as a younger brother and take care of her. He didn't expect that when Chen Wan arrived in Yanjing, she had already settled everything.

Li Mu felt a little disappointed in his heart. He had struggled in this city for two lifetimes, but he didn't even have a house. Chen Wan, on the other hand, had already bought a house before even going to work.

Only with a house that belonged to him could he be considered to have taken root in this city.

Li Mu secretly swore in his heart that if Makino Technology got a Series B financing, he would buy himself a house in Yanjing no matter what.

…

Li Mu had wanted to bring Su Yingxue along to attend the dinner party organized by Wang Dingbang, but he gave up on the idea. After Su Yingxue found out about Tang Quan's attack on him at the National People's Congress, she kept reminding him not to fool around with scoundrels. To her, Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming were not easy to deal with, and she was afraid that Li Mu would be at a disadvantage if he were to be with them.

Li Mu agreed verbally, but he still needed some friends like this. He only had one Makino Technology in Yan Jing, and his foundation was too shallow.

The dinner party organized by Wang Dingbang was very classy. It was at a place that specialized in eating Swallow Wing Abalone near Sanlitun. It was said that it was the best restaurant for eating Swallow Wing Abalone in Yanjing. The appointed time was 6: 30 pm, and Li Mu left at 5: 30 pm, leaving an hour's travel time. Under normal circumstances, it was definitely enough.

The car went directly to the Third Ring Road from near the school. Today was the weekend, and it was dinner time, so the traffic was a little congested. But compared to the big traffic jam in his previous life, this kind of traffic jam could only be considered a little slower.

Li Mu swayed on the main road of the Third Ring Road for more than half an hour before driving off the main road. The address of the restaurant was on the east side of the Third Ring Road Viaduct. Li Mu left the main road from the west exit, and he needed to continue walking for about six or seven hundred meters before turning around under the bridge.

When Li Mu was one or two hundred meters ahead of the solid line, he had already changed to the leftmost lane. This lane was the common lane for left-turns and U-turns. Li Mu was moving forward bit by bit behind the motorcade. When the car had already entered the lane, a red car on the right suddenly made a sharp left turn when it just passed him.

When Li Mu saw this situation, he knew that he was already in the leftmost lane, and it was impossible to dodge to the left, so he immediately braked. However, because the other party had not pulled away from his car, they forced a left turn, so with a bang, the car hit the right front bumper of Li Mu's GL8 in the center of the left side, and the right front bumper made of plastic material was directly smashed.

Unexpectedly, in less than a second after the collision, Li Mu felt that his car was suddenly rear-ended from behind. With a bang, it was the sound of the collision and the sound of the rear bumper breaking. Li Mu did not expect that he would be surrounded by two cars one after the other when he was less than two kilometers away from his destination.

When he opened the door and got out of the car, a woman in her thirties got out of the red car in front of him. As soon as she got out of the car, she went to check her car first. The left rear door of her car had a huge dent, and the side skirt under the door was also somewhat deformed. The scratches stretched from the front door to the rear door. Although the injury was not serious, it looked a little miserable. The sheet metal of the two doors and the side skirt had to be painted.

When the woman was checking the injury of her car, a woman also got out of a two-door sports car that rear-ended Li Mu. As soon as she got out of the car, she pointed at Li Mu and asked, "How do you drive?

How can you brake so fast! "

Li Mu looked at the female driver in her early twenties, who was dressed very fashionably, and ran to him angrily. For a moment, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He said, "Sister, you rear-ended me. You take full responsibility."

When the woman heard this, she said angrily, "I take full responsibility?

If you hadn't been crazy and stepped on the brake, would I have hit you? "

Li Mu pointed to the red car in front of his car and said, "Come on, look at it yourself."

"Why should I look at it?"

The female driver said angrily, "It's only been three days since my car was registered, and you made it like this. I don't even have a place to repair it!"

Li Mu took a look at the woman's car. It was a Porsche 911. Looking at its age, it was indeed a brand new car. However, the 911 with a low chassis looked quite miserable this time. The front bumper was completely destroyed, the front hood was curled up, and the two headlights were broken. It was really painful to look at.

However, even if it was a 911, it couldn't escape the iron law of rear-ending!

Li Mu patiently explained the traffic laws to the other party. "You didn't keep a safe distance from my car, so you rear-ended me as soon as I braked. So you take full responsibility for the accident between us. Do you understand?"

"Nonsense!" The female Porsche driver pointed at Li Mu angrily and scolded, "It's all your fault!

It took me a lot of effort to get this car from Shenzhen, and it's only been three days since I got it!

Now that it's like this, I have to send the car back to Shenzhen for repair. Do you know how long it will take to go back and forth and repair it? "

Li Mu frowned and asked her, "Have you learned the traffic rules?"

"Nonsense, of course I have learned it!"

The female Porsche driver said angrily, "Because of your sudden braking, the car behind you rear-ended you. It's your responsibility!"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Come on, let's stop talking. Call the police and let the traffic police judge."

Just as Li Mu was about to take out his mobile phone, the woman, who had been squatting next to the car and looking at the injury, suddenly stood up and pointed at Li Mu. She shouted angrily, "Do you know how to drive!?

I turned left, but you couldn't see it. Why did you go forward? Are you blind? "

The sudden accusation stunned Li Mu. "It's okay that you changed lanes on a straight line. I stepped on the brake to let you go, but you didn't know to drive forward a little bit and keep a safe distance before changing lanes. Now you hit my car, and you're blaming me?"

"Bullsh * t!"

The woman said angrily, "It's obvious that you deliberately blocked me and didn't let me change lanes. If you had braked earlier, you wouldn't have hit me!"

Li Mu instantly lost the idea of continuing to communicate. He said to the two female drivers, one in the front and one in the back, "From now on, the three of us don't say a word. If anything happens, let the traffic police deal with it."

After that, Li Mu directly turned off the car, took the key and crossed the road to the side of the road. After avoiding the two female drivers, he called the traffic police.

Li Mu had seen many female drivers, but it was the first time that Li Mu had seen such unreasonable people. Moreover, he had met two of them at the same time. He was really lucky.

While waiting for the traffic police to come, Li Mu bought a pack of cigarettes at the roadside newsstand and smoked one. The two female drivers stayed by their cars. First, they called each other, and then they gathered together to point at Li Mu on the right side of the road. Both of them seemed to have a strong opinion of Li Mu.

Li Mu simply didn't find this discomfort. He waited on the roadside for 20 minutes. When it was time for dinner, he called Fatty Wang. He didn't say that he had an accident. He just said that there was a little traffic jam on the road and he might arrive late. He asked them to eat first and not wait for him.

Half an hour later, a Volkswagen Santana police car finally drove over. The policeman saw the scene of the accident at a glance and directly parked the car under the bridge. Then, he walked to the three cars. When Li Mu saw the traffic police arrive, he hurriedly walked back.

When Li Mu arrived, the two women were telling the traffic police about the accident. The woman in the front still insisted that Li Mu deliberately did not let her go, and the woman in the back also insisted that Li Mu suddenly braked and caused the rear-end collision, so he should take full responsibility for the accident.

The traffic police looked at Li Mu sympathetically and asked him, "Do you have anything to say?"

Li Mu pointed to the red car that was parked diagonally in front of the car and crossed two lanes. He said, "You can definitely see what's going on with this one. The one in the back is even simpler."

The traffic police nodded and said to the three of them, "Show me your driver's license and vehicle registration first."

Li Mu took out his ID from the car, and the other two also took out their IDs and gave them to the traffic police.

The traffic police roughly looked at them. All three of them were owners of their own cars, and there was no problem with their driver's licenses. The traffic police asked the two women, "How did you get your driver's license? Didn't you read books when you were learning theory?"

The woman who owned the red car frowned. "What do you mean?"

The traffic police pointed to her car and explained, "When your car was in the second lane on the left, you crossed the solid line and changed lanes, causing your car to collide with the car in the middle. The other car was driving in its lane and did not violate any traffic laws. You crossed the solid line and changed lanes, so you are fully responsible for the accident, and three points will be deducted and a fine of 200 yuan will be imposed."

The lady's eyes widened. Just as she was about to question him, the traffic policeman turned to the Porsche owner behind them and said, "The most important thing when driving safely is to always maintain a safe distance from the car in front of you. You didn't do that, and that's why you rear-ended the car in front of you.