Chapter 1717

A car brand or a popular car model did not only rely on technology, but also on appearance, interior design, marketing, and after-sales service.

If he really had to calculate the percentage of these five factors, Li Mu felt that the technology would account for at most 30%, and the appearance and style would account for at least 4-50%. Especially for female users, the appearance and interior would account for a higher proportion.

In fact, the technology of first-tier automobile manufacturers was not bad overall. If BMW's high-power 2.0T engine could achieve 250 horsepower under normal circumstances, then the power of Benz, Audi, Toyota, Ford, and even Cadillac's 2.0T engine would definitely be able to catch up with BMW's by about ± 10%.

As for the handling and comfort, it was a matter of opinion. Only the appearance and interior design were the most intuitive.

The Land Rover Aurora had a compact body and narrow space. When it was first launched, it was priced at more than 200,000 yuan in China. Why?

It was mainly because it was good-looking. At that time, the Aurora's appearance was a killer.

But why did the Land Rover Aurora fall off in the following years?

So much so that it could be driven home for more than 200,000 yuan?

The main reason was actually aesthetic fatigue. The car models were the same for a few years, and there were basically no changes in appearance and interior design. In the end, it faded into obscurity.

All car models had to be updated continuously, but not every update could guarantee success. Even Toyota did not have this ability.

There were many models that had good sales, but because of the failure of the update, they fell into desolation. The Aurora was a classic example.

Like the Range Rover, it was basically unchanged for thousands of years. However, it was not as stylish as the Range Rover, so naturally, it fell into decline.

Other than the Aurora, there was another classic example. It was a Hyundai SUV model named IX35.

This model was also an extremely popular model. Because of the use of many three-dimensional lines, it looked very scary at first glance in that era.

For at least three years, the IX35 sold more than 10,000 units per month in Hua Xia. However, because of the failure of the update and the gradual loss of the price-performance ratio, this model was once extremely low.

Therefore, consumers were visual animals. If the performance, appearance, and price of a car were balanced, then the effect of appearance would not be obvious. However, if the appearance of a car was poor or good, the gap would be immediately widened.

That year, Benz also fell into decline in China for a long time. Later, it relied on a new set of exterior and interior design styles to rise again in Hua Xia.

After 2000, Benz did not really rise in Hua Xia. It was not until 2014-2015 that they ushered in a real turning point.

The new S-Class sedan, E-Class sedan, and C-Class sedan were launched one after another. The three different grades of cars all adopted the latest design, and for the first time, Mercedes-Benz integrated the design language used on the S-Class into the E-Class and C-Class, which was called "family design."

Therefore, the Benz C-Class and E-Class became the most beautiful and luxurious models in the 300,000 and 500,000 price range. Their sales kept rising, and they fought a beautiful turnaround.

The ambience lights of the Mercedes-Benz New E-Class were nicknamed as disco club style, but there were still countless consumers who paid for them. Nearly 20,000 cars were sold in a month, more than the A6L and BMW 5 series combined.

Wasn't it because it looked good?

Then, Benz tasted the sweetness and used the same design language on the GLK's replacement model, the GLC, which was also a big seller.

Therefore, Benz firmly sat on the throne of the king of interior design, and sales kept rising.

Then, did Mercedes-Benz improve in terms of technology after 2015?

Not really.

The main reason why they could sell so well was because they looked good.

The appearance was good, and so was the interior. For consumers, as long as it looked good to a certain extent, they could forget about the price-performance ratio, zero ratio, failure ratio, road noise, tire noise, wind noise, abnormal noise, and even service attitude.

Speaking of which, wasn't it the same to find a partner?

If the other party was average looking, regardless of gender, they would pick on the other party's education, personality, character, family background, and even betrothal gifts, dowry, whether they could buy a house, and whose name they wrote.

If the other party was good looking, all other factors would be forgotten. Even if the other party had nothing but good looks, there would still be a large number of pursuers.

A good-looking star could earn hundreds of millions a year by working hard;

The amount of money an average looking celebrity could earn in a year might not even be as much as the stingy celebrity earns in a day.

A good-looking girl, even if she was a mistress, many people would stand up for her if she was beaten up by her first wife on the street;

An unattractive girl, even if she grabbed the mistress on the street and wanted to beat her up, many people would stand up for her.

A good-looking singer, even if he barked at the microphone and recorded a song, could still make it to the major charts;

An unattractive singer, with talent, ability, and hard work, could at most get another song to become popular, but not the singer.

In the end, there was only one word to describe it: beauty complex.

Beauty complex was the nature of society, or rather, it was the nature of most people in society.

Although the values of this kind of beauty complex were distorted, there was no lack of people who would pay for it.

The same logic could be applied to cars as well.

If Li Mu bought Volvo this year, and then made the Volvo XC60 look like the Land Rover Aurora, this car could sell like hotcakes all over the world;

If Li Mu could add the interior of Mercedes-Benz to the aurora-shaped XC60, this car would be invincible and could dominate the world's automobile market. In front of this level of SUV, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Audi, Toyota, Honda, Ford, and General Motors would all have no chance.

If Li Mu could put the styling of the new Audi A4L on a B-Class car worth 150,000 to 250,000, and then put in the interior of a Mercedes-Benz, whether it was a Jaguar or a Volvo, he could beat the Camry, Accord, and other best-selling cars.

If Li Mu could put the new Benz E-class design and interior on the Volvo S80, it would be invincible in the C-class car market;

If he took the S-class design and interior, and put it on the Jaguar XJ, it would also dominate the D-class car market.

The car design in 2004 could not be compared to the car design ten years later. Even the best car designer at the current stage could not compare to Li Mu's aesthetics in this area.

What Li Mu needed to do was to find a team of designers, and just like how he designed the panda bear, he would tell the designers what he wanted, and let them help him restore the classic car design bit by bit according to his memory.

As long as the exterior and interior were perfect, the competitiveness of the product would be greatly improved.

At that time, they could copy all the styling of Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Audi, Porsche, Toyota, Honda, and Mazda. As long as they could ensure that they were in the lead in appearance and interior design for a few years, it would be enough to establish Muye Automobile Group's position at the top.

By that time, it was inevitable that it would surpass Toyota.

Moreover, if the total amount of the automobile market remained the same, if the Muye Automobile Group succeeded, it would be tantamount to snatching the rice from other people's bowls. At that time, whether it was German cars or Japanese cars, it was likely to be greatly affected.

In that case, surpassing Toyota would not be a dream.

What's more, he had the support of Tesla's technology. Using Tesla's technology to catch up with Toyota's hybrids shouldn't be too big of a problem.

In addition, there were many alternative but new technologies that could enhance the attractiveness of the car models, such as full LCD dashboards, human-computer interaction, and car networking systems.

The cost of a full LCD dashboard was not high, but it was extraordinarily high. If he invested in an LCD dashboard research and production company now, he could bring mature LCD dashboard technology to the market as soon as possible to compete with his competitors, and he could open up a gap between his own products and his competitors.

In this regard, Volvo's safety technology could also be a blessing. If all the middle and high-end cars were equipped with a collision prevention system, the competitiveness would also be greatly improved.

Just like what Li Mu said to Elon Musk, making one hit after another would inevitably lead to a top car company.

When Tesla first debuted in its previous life, it relied on a Model S model.

The Model S was popular all over the world, but this model alone made Tesla famous. Just the huge LCD central control screen in the interior was enough to make countless consumers scramble for it.

Later on, the Model X.

With a pair of gull-wing doors, it also became a hit. Coupled with the production of the Model 3, Tesla reached a market value of 40 to 50 billion USD. This was the power of a hit.

In addition to these, Li Mu had his own trump card.

He had two teams that could create operating systems. One was the Apple OS team, and the other was the Android team. In the near future, these two teams would come up with two sets of the world's top mobile smart operating systems. At that time, with a little modification, these two systems could be adapted to the car. By that time, car networking would not just be a concept.

Just like in the future, Apple's carplay had also become an important reference for users to choose a car. Cars that supported carplay could better adapt to Apple's iPhone and bring a better car experience. Apple was not a car company, so any car could apply to Apple to use carplay. However, in the future, iOS and Android would belong to Feng Yu, and the car system would also belong to Feng Yu. He could completely reject other car manufacturers from using Feng Yu's car system and create his own closed-loop car system. Based on this alone, no car brand in the world could compete with Feng Yu.

That was why Li Mu firmly believed that no matter how comfortable Toyota or Volkswagen were now, they would not be able to stop Feng Yu's unique insight and understanding of the world 10 years from now. Even if Toyota's current profits were more than the combined profits of all of Hua Xia's automobile manufacturers, they would still be eating his dust in 5 years' time.

At that time, Germany's Stuttgart and Japan's Toyota might become the Detroit of Europe and Asia. For traditional industries, once the pillars of the industry collapse, it would not be long before the collapse of the skyscraper!

。

m.