Chapter 345

"Auntie, what are you thinking … Li Mu isn't the kind of person you think he is …"

When Yuehua heard that Su Yingxue was still defending Li Mu, she asked her, "Do you know men better, or do I know men better?

Boys at this age are thinking about all kinds of things all day long. He's drunk, and you're alone with him in the room. Who knows what he'll do? "

Su Yingxue said, "Li Mu isn't what you think he is. I've known him for a long time, and I know what kind of person he is."

Yuehua couldn't help but say, "I don't think he's a good person. Your dad even specifically mentioned to me that he was like a hooligan. He said that whenever he saw him, he would get angry."

Su Weimin was a criminal investigator, and his ability to read people had been trained for more than 20 years. As early as the first time he saw Li Mu, when he stopped his car and punished him to do push-ups, Su Weimin had already realized that this kid had bad intentions towards his daughter. Later, he coincidentally met his daughter going out to eat with him, and the two of them coincidentally got into the same university. This series of events made Su Weimin quite worried about the existence of Li Mu. Therefore, as early as when Su Yingxue took the train to Yanjing, he had already told his sister, Yuehua, to pay attention to his daughter's situation and keep an eye on her, so that she wouldn't go astray.

Su Yingxue had always followed Su Weimin's instructions, including immediately calling Su Yingxue home on weekends to eat and stay. First, she cut off her spare time, and then she would go to the National People's Congress to visit her. For such a long time, Su Yingxue's performance had been quite good, so no one would have thought that she would suddenly do something so out of line.

Su Yingxue didn't expect her dad's misunderstanding of Li Mu to be so deep. She couldn't help but say, "Li Mu and my dad have some misunderstanding, but it's not Li Mu's fault. Li Mu was driving me home, and he happened to drive by Li Mu's car. He even punished him to do push-ups …"

Yuehua's tone had a hint of anger, "You're still speaking up for him. If your parents find out, they'll be furious."

Su Yingxue was a little depressed, "Aunt, I really like Li Mu. I think it's not easy for us to be together. Li Mu isn't the kind of person you say. You can't judge him just because my dad has some misunderstanding with him."

Yuehua said, "Let's not talk about the misunderstanding between your dad and him. He's just a freshman, and he's driving a car to show off. I don't think there's a problem with him, but there's also a problem with his family. Would a normal family spoil their child like that?"

Su Yingxue said, "Li Mu's car wasn't bought by his family. He bought it himself, and he's usually very low-key. Even his roommates don't know that he bought a car. You can't say that he's showing off just because he drives a car …"

"He bought it himself?" Yuehua frowned, "How could a student who just entered university buy a car?"

Su Yingxue said, "I don't know what he did specifically, but he's doing a lot of things now. The 3321 that was always reported on TV some time ago was done by him." Yuehua was stunned.

She had heard of the 3321. At that time, when she was watching TV at home, her husband Wang Shaohua also praised the project. However, Yuehua didn't go too deep into this matter, so she didn't remember Li Mu's name and appearance. Now that she heard Su Yingxue say this, she suddenly remembered. It was said that 3321 was done by a university student, but she didn't expect it to be Li Mu.

"3321 was really done by him?" Yuehua couldn't help but ask.

Su Yingxue nodded, "It was him. When he was doing the promotion, I even helped him."

Yuehua fell into deep thought. Things seemed to be very different from what she thought. The impact of the 3321 project was really big. Even she, who didn't pay much attention to it, often heard people talk about it. Even CCTV reported it more than once. Li Mu was a young man who wasn't even 20 years old, and he was able to make such a career. His ability was really quite outstanding.

Su Yingxue saw that Yuehua didn't speak, so she said, "In fact, Li Mu has a lot of good points. He can also write his own songs, and his singing is very good. Didn't you always like Li Mu's" When You're Old "? That song was sung by Li Mu, and it was also written by him."

Yuehua was suddenly dumbfounded.

As a middle-aged woman, her favorite songs were usually "Flowers in the Fog," "Longing," and "A Good Man Lives Peacefully." She had always been unable to appreciate pop music, but when "When You're Old" became a hit, it easily moved her. From then on, she would listen to this song every day, and when she had nothing to do, she would hum it herself.

Yuehua was a little curious at first. What did this Li Mu do? How come there wasn't even a picture of him on the internet, and he only released two songs before disappearing without a trace? At first, she thought he was very mysterious, but she didn't expect him to be the Li Mu that made her second brother, Su Weimin, so nervous.

To be able to create a national famous career like 3321, and to be able to write such a touching song as "When You're Old", Yuehua began to re-examine Li Mu in her heart. Just from these two points, Li Mu was already outstanding among his peers. She didn't dare to say that he was perfect, but he certainly wasn't as bad as her second brother said. It seemed that her second brother viewed him with a strong personal color.

Yuehua's expression eased a little, and she asked Su Yingxue, "How long have you been with him?"

Su Yingxue said, "Not even a month."

Yuehua asked how the two of them got together, and Su Yingxue told Yuehua about how Li Mu publicly confessed to her at the party. At the same time, she took out her MP3 player and let Yuehua listen to Li Mu's live performance of "Rice Shop".

Yuehua wore headphones and listened to the poetic song while looking at Su Yingxue's involuntarily happy expression. Yuehua sighed in her heart, it seemed that her niece had really fallen into the river of love.

As a woman, Yuehua listened to how good Li Mu was, and she understood Su Yingxue a little more. Su Yingxue was excellent, but Li Mu seemed to be more talented. She was attracted to Li Mu. Yuehua now thought about it carefully, and she wasn't surprised.

At this point, Su Yuehua's attitude had undergone a huge change. She was no longer as serious as before. Instead, she said to Su Yingxue in a low voice, "If he's really as outstanding as you say, even if I don't approve of you two being together, I can understand. However, you have to tell me the truth. Have you two reached that stage yet?"

Su Yingxue was a little embarrassed, and said, "He actually respects me quite a bit, and we didn't do anything out of line …"

Yuehua understood, and her heart was relieved. She said to Su Yingxue, "No matter when, no matter how good the partner is, a girl should not lose her modesty."

Su Yingxue nodded, "I know …"

Yuehua sighed, "If he can treat you like this, he must really have you in his heart. Such an excellent boy is not easy to find. If you can control yourself, aunt won't object to the two of you being together …"

Su Yingxue raised her head in surprise, "Really?

Then can you not tell my parents about this first? "

Yuehua thought about it, and said, "I can promise you not to tell them for now, but I have to see this Li Mu, and see how he is."

Yuehua asked again, "When are you guys going to have your holidays?"

Su Yingxue said, "In a few days, it will be in about a week, and it will be on the 23rd of the first month."

Yuehua nodded, and said, "How about this, you tell Li Mu that before the holidays, your uncle and I will treat him to a meal."

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and thought about it, and said, "I'll ask him tomorrow if he's willing."

Yuehua said, "If he really is as good as you say, he definitely won't refuse."

Su Yingxue stuck out her tongue, "I'm afraid that if I suddenly say that you and uncle want to see him, he won't be able to adapt."

"You." Yuehua shook her head helplessly, "You're already on his side?

If you really want to be with him, I'm the easiest person to pass, right? "

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "I'll ask him tomorrow, and try to get him to agree."

Only then was Yuehua satisfied, and she nodded slightly, and said, "Alright, go to sleep. You still have to wake up early tomorrow to go to school."

Su Yingxue didn't expect that the storm would be temporarily calmed down, and her heart was slightly relieved. It was almost the winter holidays, and if her parents knew that she was in a relationship, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to have peace during the winter holidays. Therefore, she had to appease her aunt and let her keep it a secret for the time being. But if she wanted to achieve this goal, it seemed that she still had to rely on Li Mu.

…

Li Mu didn't know that Su Yingxue almost didn't sleep that night. After he drove back to Yucheng Garden, the effects of the alcohol were almost gone. Instead, he was full of energy, and turned on his computer to write a short-term plan for himself.

The school holidays were coming, and his parents were still waiting for him at home. He definitely couldn't go back too late, but the school holidays would last for more than a month. The four companies, Makino Technology, Easy Listening Technology, Storm Entertainment, and Makino Image, had a lot of things to do. Easy Listening Technology's matters were the simplest, and they could just operate and maintain normally. But other than that, the others weren't simple.

Makino Technology had the most matters. Now that Happy Farm was at its peak, although QQ Fisheries had been suppressed, no one knew if they had closed off development again, so the threat still existed. As for the development of YY, they couldn't slack off for even a moment. They still had to prepare for the launch after the New Year. This was the top priority.

Storm Entertainment's team building had already begun. While building the team, they also had to translate the game into Chinese. If they wanted to launch as soon as possible after the New Year, the task was also very heavy.