Chapter 1133

When he wrote the article "How to Stifle Progress", Li Mu had already decided to fight against dozens of film and television companies to the end.

At this moment, the success or failure of the Shadow Mu ticketing system was no longer just about the system itself. Li Mu wanted to take this opportunity to completely destroy the traditional industry that tried to use policies to suppress new things. He wanted to give these vested interests a strong blow, so that such a situation would never happen again in the future.

In the future, there would be more new things like the Shadow Mu ticketing system, which would launch a revolutionary impact on the traditional industry. In Li Mu's opinion, as long as the new things were reasonable and legal, there would be no problem at all. Although such an impact was cruel, it was inevitable for social progress and industry development. The free market should respect every impact of new things and respect the market law of survival of the fittest.

However, if the vested interests were the first to realize that they could not compete with their competitors in terms of products and models, they could use the power of policies to stifle their competitors. Then, the industry would definitely take a detour in the future.

Even operators like Mobile and Unicom could not resist the impact of mobile WIFI, let alone the innovation brought about by WeChat. Although they did not persist for too long on mobile WIFI, it still affected the speed at which the mobile Internet was popularized in China. If Hua Xia's mobile phone had started to popularize WIFI in that era, then Hua Xia's mobile Internet would have been launched earlier, and the hardware of WIFI would have been developed earlier.

No one knew how many excellent products and enterprises were killed during the era when mobile WIFI was eliminated. If the hardware of mobile phones had not been eliminated during that time, then perhaps there would have been one or more Internet companies with tens of billions or even hundreds of billions of yuan in the mobile Internet field. Perhaps Hua Xia's mobile Internet would have been able to catch up with the western world earlier, and even create a software application that played an important role in the western mobile Internet field. Although this was a hypothetical proposition, it still scared Li Mu.

Therefore, as long as it was within Li Mu's capabilities, he did not want Hua Xia's Internet industry to encounter any obstacles that it should not face when it was trying to catch up. This was his unshirkable responsibility for the Internet in this life as a person who had lived two lives!

The Shadow Mu ticketing system was the first Internet product in China to have a full-scale confrontation with the physical industry.

As for other products, although they would affect some physical industries, due to their short development time, they would rarely have a full-scale confrontation from the market to the industry, and then to the employees, let alone a confrontation at the policy level. However, the Shadow Mudra ticketing system had succeeded. Therefore, Li Mu had to protect it in the face of the film and television companies that were attacking it together!

Now that the higher-ups had suddenly changed their attitude, it basically ensured that the Shadow Mu ticketing system would not be affected by of any policy changes. The security problem of the Shadow Mu ticketing system was completely solved. The film and television companies had lost their biggest reliance and had completely lost their ability to interfere with the Ticketing system. However, this was far from enough for Li Mu!

This was because Li Mu to not only to to to the Shadow of the Mu ticketing system, but also to Mu to not to Mu!

To not to Mu! Mu! Mu to Li Mu to Not to to! to of!

He had to make them pay a huge price!

Now, Li Mu had a large amount of insider information in his hands. As long as it was exposed, the reputations of the bosses of these dozens of film and television companies would definitely be tarnished. A few of the initiators would probably immediately become street rats and be hated by everyone. However, Li Mu had not decided to immediately release this information. It was not that he could not bear to do so, but the best time had not come yet!

Speaking of the best timing, Hua Xia, who had just come all the way from the United States to join Makino Technology, gave Li Mu an excellent suggestion.

Hua Xia used to be the editor-in-chief of Silicon Valley's Silicon-Valley-Magazine, so he had a deep understanding of the Internet. Therefore, Li Mu poached him and set up a strategic research office for him, letting him be the general consultant. This strategic research office was actually Li Mu's think tank. It was his second brain, and its responsibility was to think for him, correct his mistakes, and analyze everything related to the development of the enterprise.

Regarding the boycott of the Shadow Mu ticketing system by the film and television companies, Hua Xia's suggestion to Li Mu was that as long as the government made it clear that it would no longer restrict the development of the Shadow Mu ticketing system, he should try to make this matter have a great impact overseas.

The reason was that Makino Technology was now a truly global Internet company, with YY users all over the world. Therefore, everyone's attention to Makino Technology and Li Mu was also on a global scale. Therefore, if the news that the Shadow Mu ticketing system was boycotted by the traditional industries in China and tried to stifle the industry's progress through politics was spread overseas, it would definitely have a great impact on the world. At that time, there would definitely be a lot of benefits.

First of all, news events could increase exposure, which had a great promotion effect on the company's popularity. Therefore, the more this matter was blown up, the more benefits Makino Technology could gain.

Second, stifling progress was something that the whole world was very resistant to. Therefore, Makino Technology could take this opportunity to win more sympathy and goodwill around the world.

Third, expanding its influence would bring a greater blow and more far-reaching impact to the film and television companies that backstabbed Makino Technology.

Finally, it could popularize the Shadow Mu ticketing system around the world in advance, laying a solid foundation for future global development.

The Shadow Mu ticketing system itself was a very advanced innovation. Its development space would not be limited to Hua Xia. Moreover, based on the current development of the world's box office, the more developed countries were, the higher the proportion of movie consumers, the higher the average number of movies watched and the average contribution to the box office. Because of this, the potential demand of these groups for the Shadow Mu ticketing system would be greater!

If this matter was hyped up on a global scale, the Shadow Mu ticketing system would become completely popular. At that time, people throughout North America and Europe would understand the advanced features of the Shadow Mu ticketing system in advance. In the future, if the Shadow Mu ticketing system wanted to enter the global box office market, the resistance would be instantly reduced by countless times.

Not only did he put forward these suggestions, but he also made an in-depth analysis of the specific situation in China. In his opinion, there were many benefits to doing this. However, there was an inevitable premise, which was that he must wait for the government to make it clear that it would not restrict the development of the Shadow Mu ticketing system. This was the development principle of the Shadow Mu ticketing system. It could go against the entire film and television industry, but it could not go against the government's control as a referee. If the referee wanted to slap the face of the film and television industry, he must make sure that the referee did not blow the whistle. If the referee blew the whistle to declare a foul, he must strictly abide by it, regardless of whether it was a mistake or not.

Now that the referee had announced that he would no longer interfere with the fighting style of the players in the ring, he could fight as he pleased!

This suggestion gave Li Mu a big hint. If this matter was resolved on a domestic level, it could only be regarded as defeating the invading opponent, and he would not get any extra gains. It was better to take this opportunity to make a big move and directly attract the attention of the whole world, paving the way for the globalization of the Shadow Mu ticketing system in advance!

If this matter could really affect the whole world, then the Shadow Mu ticketing system, which was the core of the incident, would definitely surprise the people of the developed countries and fill them with anticipation!

Therefore, Li Mu immediately discussed with. On one hand, he asked him to contact more western media, and on the other hand, he asked the overseas operations team of YY to translate the whole story of the incident, the relevant information, and Li Mu's blog into various languages, in preparation for the global release.

In order to better promote the Shadow Mu ticketing system, Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu to get someone to remake a very high-class demonstration video to demonstrate how the users could use the Shadow Mu ticketing system to select, purchase, collect, and watch the entire series of processes. It was to give the people of the developed countries a great shock, so that they would be amazed that Hua Xia, as the leader of the development of China, actually had such an advanced solution in the field of daily life. It was just like the bicycle sharing and mobile payments that the people of the developed countries were envious of in the future. It was to make them envious of the Shadow Mu ticketing system.

Li Mu's specific implementation plan was to announce the despicable methods of the film companies to the whole world at the same time after everything was ready. It was to give the people of the developed countries a super surprise and catch them off guard!

At this time, almost all the bosses of the domestic film companies were dealing with the bombardment from the whole society.

The bosses of the film and television companies who did not participate in the assassination of the ticketing system were extremely annoyed. They did not do anything, but because of the actions of their peers, they were implicated and scolded by the netizens. The bosses of the film and television companies who had participated in the assassination were even more depressed. All their hopes were in vain, and all their efforts were in vain. Moreover, they had gotten into trouble. The only thing worth celebrating was that the indignant netizens did not know which film and television companies were behind this. Therefore, the entire industry was now sharing the burden for them.

The producers of "The Hero" were also in a terrible situation. Although they could not confirm the suspicions of the other film companies, because they had been massacred by "Those Years" in the box office and were suppressed by the public opinion by Makino Technology, almost every netizen believed that they could not escape the responsibility, so the attacks against them were obviously stronger than the others. Even the great director Zhang was affected. Rumors were everywhere on the Internet, saying that he was too narrow-minded and hated Makino Technology and the success of "Those Years", so he secretly planned to strangle the Shadow Mu ticketing system.