Chapter 1014

The individual webmaster conference held by Taobao was about to start. This in itself was an event that had a great influence in the industry. As the leader of the industry, Li Mu's influence was almost equivalent to that of the chief of the martial arts world in wuxia novels. It was the time when he was in the limelight. However, no one had expected that a disharmonious voice would suddenly appear on the internet. Moreover, because there were industry insiders deliberately adding fuel to the fire, this voice began to ferment on the internet.

Li Mu alone took over the halo of Hua Xia's internet industry. Although his influence in the industry was unparalleled, his popularity might not be that good.

There was a saying from Guo Degang that Li Mu felt was very reasonable. Only those in the same industry would have naked hatred. Those who sold breakfast would only hate those who sold breakfast, and would not hate those who drove taxis; those who drove taxis would also hate those who drove taxis, and would not hate those who drove planes.

In the internet industry, the one with the greatest influence was Li Mu, and the one who attracted the most hatred was also Li Mu.

There were many people in the same industry who were envious and jealous of Li Mu. These people hoped that one day Li Mu would have some scandals, or that he would fall from grace. Needless to say, there were many people like Boss Ma who hated him to the core, and they could not wait to drive Li Mu out of the internet industry.

Although most of the industry insiders would not have any direct conflict with Li Mu on the surface, once someone attacked Li Mu on the internet with reason and evidence, many people would still have a hearty feeling and participate in it, silently adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes.

The article that Li Mu wrote to attack himself was unexpectedly recognized by the entire internet industry. In a short period of time, this article spread throughout the entire industry.

Boss Ma was naturally very excited. He even shouted "God is helping me" three times in his office. He felt that the timing of this article couldn't be more perfect. It happened to be on the eve of the national individual webmaster conference on Taobao. Li Mu, the leader of the martial arts world, was preparing to summon the wind and summon the rain at the conference tomorrow. At this time, such a face-slapping article appeared, and he was secretly pushed by the industry insiders, suddenly putting Li Mu in a difficult situation.

Boss Ma felt that this time, Li Mu was really in a dilemma. With his personality, he would not easily give in. However, if he did not give in, he would not only have to face more than 200 Taobao sellers, but also the judicial authorities and the entire internet industry. If Li Mu insisted on being stubborn on this issue to the end, it would be harder for him to bear.

Boss Ma was naturally very happy to see the situation where Li Mu became the public enemy of the entire industry. Therefore, he also hoped that Li Mu could maintain a high profile and stubbornness this time. In this case, the subsequent public opinion would put more and more pressure on Li Mu. When he could no longer bear it and wanted to give in, the price would be even greater.

The public opinion on the internet continued to ferment under the influence of people with ulterior motives. Not only the industry insiders, but many ordinary netizens also participated in the debate on the internet.

Some people thought that YY was a product developed and operated by Makino Technology, and its basic services were completely free. Therefore, Makino Technology naturally had absolute sovereignty over YY. In this case, it was reasonable and reasonable for Makino Technology to ban a group of users who violated the platform's rules.

However, users who held the opposite attitude believed that although YY's basic services were provided for free, when users used the basic services, they had already customized and privatized their YY numbers through registration, adding friends, and communicating with friends. On this basis, YY had already become the user's virtual property. Before the user explicitly stated that he wanted to give up this virtual property, the platform could not arbitrarily ban the user's account. Moreover, it was shameless to say that these Taobao sellers violated Makino Technology's platform rules. Although these sellers violated Taobao's rules, they did not violate Makino Technology's platform rules. Therefore, Makino Technology had no right to ban the Taobao sellers' YY accounts.

In addition to the users who discussed the matter as it stood, many people directly targeted Li Mu, reprimanding Li Mu for wantonly trampling on the users' rights. Some people also expressed their opinions online, saying that they were very disappointed with Li Mu's disrespect for users. They believed that his achievements today were all built up bit by bit with the help of Hua Xia netizens and the masses of users. Now that he had become a big shot, he had forgotten his roots, which was disappointing.

Li Mu also had a lot of die-hard fans online. As soon as someone began to personally attack him, a large number of people immediately popped up and left comments under all the content attacking Li Mu to refute the other party's views. Some netizens exonerated Li Mu, saying that Li Mu would not put his energy into such a trivial matter at the moment. Even if some of Makino Technology's actions were somewhat thoughtless, they should never directly link the responsibility to Li Mu.

The discussion online became more and more intense, but this intensity did not last long. In the afternoon, a pop-up news window suddenly popped up in YY. The title was: "Li Mu: I'm sorry, it's our fault."

Clicking on the main article, the readers were presented with a video that was only a few dozen seconds long. In the video, Li Mu sat on the sofa in his office and said apologetically to the camera, "Hello everyone, I'm Li Mu. Because Makino Technology has banned the YY accounts of the sellers involved in selling fake Taobao, there have been many harsh comments on the Internet recently. In this regard, I would like to state that Makino Technology has always adhered to the principle of user-first service. We will always purify the Internet environment and better serve our users as our number one mission. However, when we move towards this goal, it is easy to overdo it.

After reflection by the core team of Makino Technology, we unanimously believe that we should not punish users who have not violated the YY rules. So here, on behalf of Makino Technology, I would like to apologize to the more than two hundred Taobao sellers who have been banned, as well as all the YY users. It's our fault! "

At this point, Li Mu bowed his head slightly to show his apology, then continued to say, "At present, we have restored the YY accounts of all the banned Taobao sellers and hereby promise that Makino Technology will fully respect the rights and interests of our users in the future. We will always regard our users as our most important and valuable asset. Thank you for your support and correction of Makino Technology!

Thank you! "

A short video immediately made countless fans of Li Mu and Makino Technology.

Li Mu's attitude in the video was very clever. First of all, from the title, he first admitted his mistake. A famous Internet prodigy and billionaire came out to admit his mistake. This in itself was beyond everyone's expectations. Before this, whether it was those who wanted to defame Li Mu, those who wanted to support Li Mu, or those who just wanted to watch the fun, none of them would have imagined that Li Mu would personally respond to this matter. Moreover, his attitude was so simple and direct, admitting his mistake as soon as he appeared.

When a heavyweight big shot took the initiative to admit his mistake or show an unimaginable humility, this in itself could arouse the goodwill of ordinary people. Therefore, as soon as he appeared, Li Mu had already invisibly gained the netizens' inclination towards him.

Then, Li Mu first pointed out the most important point in this controversy to the netizens, namely, "You have to first understand that Makino Technology is not infringing on the rights and interests of ordinary users, but is punishing the sellers who sell fake products on Taobao. Our punishment may not be in line with the law, but one very important point is that our starting point is good. We are trying to purify the Internet environment and let users enjoy better services."

Therefore, this sentence suddenly awakened a lot of netizens who were watching the fun and even had opinions about Li Mu. The starting point of Muye Technology was to ensure that more users had a better Internet environment, so as to punish a small number of pests who polluted the Internet environment. This approach, even if it was wrong, was wrong in a way that made people admire it.

More importantly, Li Mu's apology was very straightforward and direct. No matter how these sellers sold fake products on Taobao, Makino Technology was able to realize its mistake and restore all the YY accounts of these sellers in time. This attitude and execution alone could not be matched by ordinary companies.

More importantly, Li Mu's apology was very straightforward and direct. No matter how these sellers sold fake products on Taobao, Makino Technology was able to realize its mistake and restore all the YY accounts of these sellers in time. This attitude and execution alone could not be matched by ordinary companies.

What was more interesting was that there was a lot of content on the Internet criticizing Taobao for selling fake products. Everyone could guess the reason why these people tried so hard to get back the YY accounts of the sellers. It was nothing more than to find the contact information of old customers and continue to sell fake products.

Boss Ma was also shocked by Li Mu's initiative to apologize. He originally thought that people like Li Mu would definitely resist to the end, but he did not expect that with his current identity, he could be so flexible. This greatly exceeded his expectations, and at the same time, it made him feel very disappointed.

The result that Boss Ma wanted most was that Li Mu would stubbornly resist to the end in this Taobao seller's joint lawsuit, so that he would infuriate the netizens and compromise with the Taobao seller after his reputation was greatly affected. However, he never expected that Li Mu's foresight and adaptability were so strong. He put down his pride and apologized in a short video, and he could turn the tide in the midst of all the condemnation. From this, it could be seen that Li Mu was really a person who did things flawlessly.

Boss Ma finally understood the strength of Li Mu. As a young man in his twenties, his ability to judge the situation and his ability to sacrifice his personality was much stronger than most of the wily old foxes in Jianghu. If there was no conflict between his personality and the matter itself, he would take care of both at the same time. However, if there was a conflict between his personality and the matter itself, he would not hesitate to sacrifice his personality and even his face for the sake of the overall situation. This made Boss Ma admire Li Mu from the bottom of his heart for the first time.