Chapter 1034

Makino Technology's branch in Silicon Valley was located in the hinterland of Silicon Valley, which was the most prosperous central area of Silicon Valley. Lin Ching-ah decided to rent a three-story detached villa with a total area of more than 2,000 square meters in a small park here. On the nameplate at the door, Li Mu saw the striking Chinese characters "Makino Technology", and at the bottom of the Chinese characters was the English word "Muye-technology."

Li Mu saw many well-known companies along the way, but Makino Technology was the only one with Chinese characters in their names.

Lin Ching-ah saw Li Mu staring at the nameplate outside the door, so she could not help but step forward and say, "Li Zong, we are the only domestic Internet company that has officially opened an office in Silicon Valley. Other companies also have offices in Silicon Valley, but they are all hidden in small units of various incubators, and the largest is no more than 100 square meters."

Li Mu nodded, pointed to the words "Makino Technology", and said with a smile, "It seems that we are the first Hua Xia company to really enter Silicon Valley."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "That's right, the first one in the truest sense."

Then, Lin Ching-ah said in a low voice, "Let's hurry in, many employees are waiting."

According to Lin Ching-ah's introduction, the total number of employees of Makino Technology in the United States had exceeded 300. Among them, except for two batches of people from China, a total of more than 110 people, the rest were recruited in the United States during this period.

Most of the new 200 employees were from the promotion team of "Paradise Town." There were too many universities in the United States, so the promotion team was in great demand. The new batch of employees were all officially signed full-time employees. In addition, there was a part-time team of more than 1,000 people under the promotion team of "Paradise Town."

However, because the promotion team of "Paradise Town" was now carrying out promotion work in major universities in the United States, the number of employees working in Silicon Valley was not many. There were about 100 people in total. There were about 40 old employees from China, and the remaining 60 were all new employees recruited in Silicon Valley, and basically all of them were technical people.

Among the 60 newly recruited people, more than half were Chinese and Chinese. This was also due to the extraordinary influence of Makino Technology in the Chinese industry. Many Chinese and Chinese working in the Internet industry overseas had a great impression of Makino Technology and were eager to join Makino Technology and become a member of Makino Technology.

Li Mu had already asked Lin Ching-ah to take the lead and start the recruitment of overseas talents a few months ago. For such a long time, Makino Technology had recruited more than 100 high-end technical talents from western developed countries, especially the United States, for Makino Technology and even the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia.

However, there were still a large number of overseas talents who had settled in the United States or had obtained American citizenship. For these people, it was somewhat difficult to make them give up their overseas lives and return to China, so they could not go to Hua Xia to join Makino Technology. But now, Makino Technology had its own overseas branch in Silicon Valley. They could work for Makino Technology in their own home, which was naturally a good thing for them.

Lin Qingya turned to Li Mu and said, "Among the new batch of overseas employees that the company has just recruited, most of them are filled with reverence towards you and are looking forward to meeting you in person. Therefore, all of them are currently waiting anxiously in the company. When you meet them later, I'm sure they will be a little excited, so you better prepare yourself."

Li Mu joked, "I feel a lot of pressure when you say that. It's like a fan meeting."

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "You have a great influence in the local Chinese circle. It is said that you are the person who has won the most glory for the country in Silicon Valley, so it is natural for everyone to chase after you."

Lin Ching-ah was right.

At this moment, more than a hundred people in the company had been waiting anxiously for a long time. Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah walked into the company together. There were people standing on both sides of the door, cheering and greeting Li Mu while shouting, "Hello, Li Zong."

Li Mu looked around and saw many familiar faces, as well as many strange ones. However, he always wore a humble smile and nodded to everyone to say hello. When someone came up to ask for a handshake, Li Mu did not refuse. He shook hands with them and thanked them in Chinese.

For these old employees of Makino Technology who flew from Hua Xia, the arrival of Li Mu was equivalent to the commander-in-chief of the army coming to the front line to comfort the soldiers. Needless to say, it was a morale boost.

For those Chinese and Chinese employees who had just joined Makino Technology, Li Mu was a legend in their hearts. So when this legend suddenly appeared in front of them, they were naturally very excited.

In addition, there was also an alliance of countries and races from all over the world. Although this group of people was not as fanatical as the first two groups, they were still full of respect and curiosity for Li Mu, a billionaire in his early twenties.

Silicon Valley was so big that it could accommodate many of the world's top 500 high-tech companies, as well as countless small and medium-sized enterprises and start-ups. However, Silicon Valley was also very small, so small that there were basically no secrets in Silicon Valley. Everyone in Silicon Valley was like a computer hardware vendor in Zhongguancun. They knew the entire mall like the back of their hand and were particularly sensitive to every move in the entire Silicon Valley.

Li Mu had only arrived at the Silicon Valley branch of Makino Technology for less than half an hour, and the entire Silicon Valley had heard the news.

Li Mu was here!

When YY was in the limelight and Paradise Town infected all American colleges and universities like a plague, Li Mu came.

For people in the American Internet industry, Li Mu's arrival in Silicon Valley at this time could mean several things. It could be a signal for Makino Technology to launch a general attack on the American market; it could also be a prelude to Makino Technology's Series C financing; or it could even be both.

For a time, the entire Silicon Valley became nervous because of the news of Li Mu's arrival.

Companies in the same industry began to worry that Li Mu would bring the unimaginable speed of expansion of Makino Technology to the United States. After all, no one wanted their peers to become stronger, and even more so, they did not want to suddenly have a powerful peer around them, especially a company like Makino Technology that did instant messaging and online social media.

It would be better if there was another company like Cisco and Intel. Other than Cisco and Intel themselves, other Internet companies were looking forward to such a competitive situation. The competition between hardware companies could not only reduce hardware prices, but it could also promote hardware development. If Intel had a few more competitors, then the price of computer CPUs would continue to fall, and the speed of replacement would also increase. In that case, the overall price of hardware would fall, and the entire industry would enjoy the dividends.

However, Makino Technology was different. A company like Makino Technology was targeting online social media and instant messaging. This was an area of strong demand from users, and it would encroach on users, traffic, and online time like a whale. Moreover, Makino Technology had a tendency to develop horizontally around this strong demand. If it grew, almost all Internet companies would be affected. Makino Technology was like a wildly expanding foreign invasive species, constantly occupying the living space and nutrients of other Internet companies.

Sequoia Capital, which was only three blocks away from the Silicon Valley branch of Makino Technology, had also received the news of Li Mu's arrival in Silicon Valley at this time, which made the entire Sequoia Capital nervous.

Makino Technology's Series C financing had been delayed again and again. Although Makino Technology had always had an ambiguous attitude towards Sequoia Capital, it was like a beautiful woman who was good at playing with men. It was always ambiguous, which made people anxious.

Previously, it was in Hua Xia and Sequoia's Hua Xia branch several times, but Makino Technology was different from all financing companies because Makino Technology had never shown an urgent need for money from beginning to end.

Makino Technology wanted to finance Series C, but they acted as if they were not short of money at all, so they did not care about the progress and efficiency of Series C financing at all.

Behind this "indifferent" attitude, Makino Technology kept making all kinds of new moves. Not only did it constantly make unimaginable improvements to its products, but it even touched the online payment business in the United States. It successfully "borrowed" eBay's money to buy a stake in PayPal. Its valuation was rising like a rocket, and the speed of the rise made all the investors nervous.

Now, everyone knew that Makino Technology was a super fast train to make money. Everyone also knew that Makino Technology now needed a lot of capital support to start the "global model". They also knew that Makino Technology could easily be listed on NASDAQ, but it still lacked a round of financing and the operation of US capital. Therefore, with these points in mind, the US capital was very clear that Li Mu would definitely finalize the financing in the near future, and the financing would definitely be from US capital. This was because Li Mu's "global model" was starting in the United States, and he needed a strong US ally.

According to Sequoia's understanding, at present, the well-known investment banks in the United States that could come up with more than a billion US dollars had a strong interest in Makino Technology. Everyone knew very well that as long as they could reach a capital cooperation with Makino Technology before Makino Technology went public, the investment could immediately be doubled when Makino Technology went public. If they held the shares of Makino Technology for a long time, then the scale of the capital that could be leveraged by this billion US dollars would be amazing.

Sequoia originally thought that it was the most inclined partner of Makino Technology, but it did not expect that Li Mu would come to the United States without telling them. If Li Mu really wanted to meet with Sequoia, then he should at least inform Sequoia of his itinerary in advance, and then make an appointment with the senior executives of Sequoia.

But now it seemed that Li Mu did not have any inclination at all. His only inclination was to be the one who offered a higher price.

The cruel reality suddenly made the senior executives of Sequoia feel tremendous pressure. If Li Mu did not have any inclination toward Sequoia, then if Sequoia wanted to invest in Makino Technology, they might have to fight hand-to-hand with Softbank, Goldman Sachs, and other venture capitalists!

…