Chapter 85

Guo Lin and Zhao Lina had been lovers for three and a half years. He had always thought that he had hidden it very well and that it would be impossible for it to be exposed, but he did not expect that it would still be exposed.

Seeing Guo Lin's pale face, Xue Guilan knew that everything online was true. In a fit of rage, she grabbed the ashtray on the coffee table and smashed it on the floor. "Guo Lin, you really have no conscience. I'm at home giving birth to your son and raising your son. I'm outside helping you with your money and connections, but you're dating a vixen behind my back!"

When Guo Lin saw the situation, he knew that it was useless to explain or lie. He quickly went forward and apologized. "Honey, don't be angry. I was just confused for a moment..."

Xue Guilan immediately exploded. She reached out and scratched Guo Lin's face. "Confused?

You old bastard, you've been confused for three and a half years, haven't you? "

Guo Lin was caught off guard. He felt a burning pain on his face. There were at least five or six points of pain. He anxiously reached out and pushed Xue Guilan away. He said anxiously, "What are you trying to do?

Everyone in this f * cking neighborhood works in the mine. Are you trying to kill me?

If this gets out, how can I sit still as the mine manager? "

Xue Guilan had long lost her mind and rationality. She angrily rushed forward and was about to hit him again. "You old bastard, you still know how to be shameless?

What were you doing earlier?

It's too late!

Your affair with that vixen has already been exposed on the Internet. Who doesn't know now?

Fortunately, there is this person. Otherwise, you would have hidden it from me for the rest of my life. "

Xue Guilan's words made Guo Lin feel a chill run down his spine. His mind felt like it was about to explode, and his heart felt like it was about to jump out. Just as Guo Lin was in a daze, Xue Guilan grabbed his face. Guo Lin's legs went limp, and he fell on his butt.

Xue Guilan was so angry that she grabbed Guo Lin's hair and pulled it with all her might.

All these years in the Xiling Coal Mine, she had always felt that she was the motherly queen of the world. Not only did she order everyone around, but she was also passionate about makeup, beauty, hair dyeing, and dressing up. She dressed herself up like a fake foreign devil. She thought that she had a firm grasp on her man's heart, but she never expected to find out today that Guo Lin had been carrying women behind her back. This was a huge blow to her, and she couldn't consider anything else.

At this moment, Guo Lin's heart was filled with fear. This afternoon, he still felt that the person who wanted to mess with him didn't have any evidence against him. He didn't expect that in less than an hour, Zhao Lina, who he had been hiding for three and a half years, would be exposed. This was enough to prove that the other party had evidence against him, but he didn't know how many more crimes they had against him.

Just as he was feeling extremely frustrated, Xue Guilan rushed up to him and pulled his hair again. Guo Lin couldn't take it anymore and pushed Xue Guilan to the ground. He dragged his fat body forward and gave her a fierce and loud slap. "Did I give you face, Xue Guilan? Do you want to f * cking ascend to the heavens?!"

Xue Guilan's face was burning with pain. Guo Lin's affair was exposed, and he still dared to hit her. This made her even more furious. "Guo Lin, you f * cking b * stard! I'm going to kill you today! I'm going to take you down with me!"

This was the time when all the families in the Xiling Coal Mine had finished their meals and were taking a stroll outside to enjoy the cool air. Guo Lin's house was smashed, and everyone in the community knew about it. Someone who lived next to Guo Lin's house heard the two people insulting each other. Then, a rumor quickly spread through the Xiling Coal Mine.

"Xue Guilan found out that Guo Lin had an affair, and the two of them are fighting at home!"

Guo Lin's house happened to be on the first floor. While the two of them were fighting, they had no idea that dozens of people had gathered at the front and back doors to listen to the fight. Even the people in the buildings behind them were standing on their balconies to listen.

Li Mu also heard it. He lived in a building in front of Guo Lin's house, and his bedroom was on the dark side. He could hear everything clearly from his window.

Xue Guilan was a famous shrew in the Xiling Coal Mine. Her personality couldn't even be described as shrewish. It was said that when she was young, she would pull out a bloody sanitary napkin from her pants and throw it at the other party's face when she quarreled with a man. Although sanitary napkins were widely used nowadays, when a shrew turned into a stinky old woman at Xue Guilan's age, she was at the peak of her fighting ability.

Li Mu didn't dare to say how much of an impact the words he had the water army spread would have on Guo Lin's career. However, he was sure that Xue Guilan, a heroine among women, wouldn't let him have a good time in the near future.

Countless spy movies told him the same principle: If you can't defeat your enemy head-on, you should first destroy them from the inside.

…

The next day, Guo Lin and Xue Guilan didn't show up at the mine.

The rumors in the mine were even worse. For a time, everyone knew about Guo Lin's outsourcing of women.

Guo Lin was going crazy at home. He had fought with his wife until midnight last night. In the end, the two of them were exhausted and slept in separate rooms. It could be considered a temporary ceasefire. However, his face had been scratched by her. How could he go to work?

When he thought of all the negative comments about him on the internet, he became even more anxious.

At this time, he had almost completely forgotten about getting Chen Hailong to frame Li Mu's father. His mind was filled with how to get through the crisis and how to clean up the mess of his family.

He had even forgotten that Zhao Lina was still waiting for him to send the money to her.

He had forgotten about Zhao Lina, but Xue Guilan hadn't.

She hadn't slept at all last night. She had been suppressing her anger and thinking of a plan all night. Early in the morning, she had started asking her friends about a person named Zhao Lina.

The information she could provide was limited. She only knew that the person's name was Zhao Lina. She was between 22 and 24 years old. Three years ago, she was a junior at Haizhou Teacher's College. She should have graduated two years ago.

Fortunately, Haizhou was too small, so it was quite easy to check on a person. In one morning, she had received a definite piece of information.

The Zhao Lina she was looking for had graduated from Haizhou Teacher's College in 1999. She was the only one with this name in Haizhou Teacher's College in the same year. Now that she was working in Haizhou, it made sense.

When she heard that Zhao Lina was now an official civil servant of the Ministry of Education, Xue Guilan's anger suddenly flared.

No wonder, no wonder when her brother's daughter graduated from college last year and asked him to find a way to get her into the Ministry of Education through his connections, he refused. It turned out that he had already gotten his vixen in!

She was filled with hatred. Looking at the bruises and fingerprints on her face caused by Guo Lin yesterday, Xue Guilan threw everything to the back of her mind. She called her brother and sister and asked her brother to pick her up after picking up her sister. She decided to kill that vixen herself!

The Xue family had benefited a lot from Xue Guilan and Guo Lin, so Xue Guilan had always been the core figure of the Xue family. As long as she gave an order, her brothers and sisters would follow her orders.

Hearing the sound of Xue Guilan slamming the door and leaving, Guo Lin, who was hiding in another bedroom, finally felt relieved. He didn't think about where Xue Guilan had gone. Instead, he first called a person who had a close relationship with him. His name was Wu Dong. He had almost monopolized 80% of the coal in Xiling Coal Mine. Guo Lin had also received a lot of bribes from him. The two of them had a common interest.

Wu Dong had a lot of power in Haizhou. Guo Lin called him and asked him to find a way to delete all the posts on the Internet. Wu Dong immediately agreed. Guo Lin was his god of wealth. He didn't dare to see anything happen to Guo Lin.

After that, Guo Lin called his old leader, Han Lu.

Guo Lin didn't have many connections in Peng City. The person he was most familiar with was Han Lu. He needed Han Lu to help him in this matter. Of course, Guo Lin wouldn't let him help for free.

Although Han Lu had scolded Guo Lin over the phone, blaming him for not being cautious enough and not keeping a low profile, causing trouble at such a critical moment, Han Lu still agreed to help. He had a close relationship with Guo Lin, and after many years of benefits, it was impossible for him to get rid of him now.

As for Jinling, Guo Lin was having a headache. He didn't have many connections in Jinling, so it would be difficult to find someone to delete the posts.

After thinking carefully, he called Wu Dong and asked him to pay for it. He wanted to see if he could get the related posts to be deleted on the website in Jinling.

After giving the instructions, Guo Lin finally thought of Zhao Lina.

Zhao Lina's name and the neighborhood where their love nest was had been published online. Fortunately, the person who exposed them didn't seem to know Zhao Lina's current identity and didn't expose her current workplace.

It seemed that he wouldn't see Zhao Lina for the time being. He also had to warn Zhao Lina not to return to the house in Wan Ying International Garden. The two of them should stay aloof and wait for the news to die down.

So, Guo Lin called Zhao Lina and explained the situation.

Zhao Lina was at work. Her colleagues from the Education Bureau kept whispering behind her back, which made her a little nervous. However, she didn't think that she was also exposed until Guo Lin called her.

When she heard that she was also exposed, Zhao Lina's nervous nerves became even more frightened and anxious.

For a woman like her who was kept by a rich old man at such a young age, she definitely didn't want to expose herself. She only treated this as a business, a business that could help her accumulate more capital in life. When the time was right and she earned enough money, she would naturally leave him quietly.

With her beauty and her job as a civil servant from the Education Bureau, Zhao Lina was very confident that after leaving Guo Lin, she would find a reliable young man to talk about marriage. After the two fell in love, she would tell her future husband in bed with tears in her eyes that he was her second man. Her first time happened when she was drunk in school, and she never had sex again. Then, she would turn over all her past and start a new and beautiful life.

However, once the fact that she was kept as a mistress was made public, these fantasies would all be for naught. Her reputation would be ruined, her relationship with Guo Lin would inevitably be unable to be maintained, and she would not be able to get any benefits from Guo Lin. She wouldn't have the courage to continue doing this job, and she wouldn't even have the face to continue staying in Hai Zhou.

Zhao Lina was in a panic. She was like a deer surrounded by a pack of wolves. Guo Lin comforted her on the phone, "Baby, don't think too much. The other party only exposed your name. I've already asked people to delete the content."

"What did you do last night!"

Zhao Lina's voice was a little resentful. She was exposed last night, but he actually only found someone to delete the post now.

Guo Lin sighed, "Last night, I fought with that old woman until midnight."

Zhao Lina hurriedly asked, "Ah?

She knows? "

Guo Lin grunted and was about to speak when Zhao Lina suddenly let out an extremely tragic scream …

— —

It's been exactly one and a half months since I uploaded the first chapter of this book on January 11th. If I remember correctly, there shouldn't be a single day where I stopped updating. The word count has also reached 230,000. Looking at the books with good results, by the time they reach this number, their bookmarks would have already exceeded 10,000. This book hasn't even reached 4,000 yet, and the recommendation votes have already exceeded 10,000. This book's recommendation votes are actually fewer than the bookmarks …

To be honest, seeing this result is quite disappointing. I feel that my motivation to write has been a little affected. In the face of this situation, there are only two things I can do: write well, and ask for everyone's support as much as possible. I have indeed written with all my heart, so right now, the only thing I lack is your support. I will use 120% of my efforts to write to repay everyone's support.