Chapter 1800

The fighter plane that Liu Ye was piloting exploded in the air, and the speed of the video started to slow down.

As the video slowed down, the sound became more and more indistinct, then quieter and quieter, until there was no sound in the video at all.

At this time, the soothing and melodious prelude of "21 Guns" started.

Du Wei used her ethereal voice to sing the song that Li Mu had changed from opposing the war to praising the heroes of World War II.

Accompanied by the slow-motion scene, the song made everyone's heart feel depressed, and tears welled up in their eyes.

In the video, the wreckage of the plane continued to fall, and the thick smoke from the explosion was still slowly rising.

Then, the image of Leonardo sitting in the cockpit and crying silently appeared on the screen.

Then, the video changed to the Japanese pilot who shot down Liu Ye. His expression was fierce and proud, his eyes full of murderous intent, and the corners of his mouth slightly raised, strange and terrifying.

At this time, "21 Guns" entered the chorus. In the video, a few Flying Tigers who had just arrived saw that Liu Ye had died for his country and quickly rushed up to fire at the Japanese fighter plane. Leonardo also returned to the fierce battle with the Japanese Air Force with tears in his eyes.

The battle went on from noon to afternoon, and from afternoon to evening.

Leonardo could no longer remember how many times he had landed and taken off. All that was left in his mind was to meet the enemy, meet the enemy, meet the enemy, meet the enemy.

When the fighter plane landed to resupply, he would anxiously curse at the ground crew who were refueling and reloading, and he would always be the first to take off again.

In this round of battle, everyone's eyes were bloodshot.

On the ground, all the ground crew, doctors, nurses, and even the local people who worked for the airport stood on both sides of the runway, not to watch the show, but to be the first to rush up when they were needed.

They couldn't fly the fighter plane to fight the Japanese invaders, so the only thing they could do was to support them on the ground.

The aerial battle continued until the sky gradually darkened. The pilot in the front finally sent back a signal that the Japanese Air Force had retreated.

The Japanese Air Force had wanted to take this opportunity to wipe out the Flying Tigers and their airfield, but in the end, the Flying Tigers still managed to repel their attack.

In this aerial battle, the Japanese Air Force suffered heavy losses.

Although the Flying Tigers won, it was still a pyrrhic victory.

The fighter jets began to return one by one. Anne Hathaway was still nervously watching every plane that landed on the runway.

However, from start to finish, she did not see Liu Ye's figure.

She couldn't help but think of the last time, she was also waiting anxiously for Liu Ye's return. And God bless her, Liu Ye was finally the last to land at the airport.

Later, she found out that Liu Ye had been looking for Leonardo, who had been shot down. That was why he had waited until the last moment to return to the airport.

She hoped that this time would be the same as last time.

In the end, he was still able to wait until Liu Ye landed safely.

However, fewer and fewer planes were returning.

The last plane to land was Leonardo's.

The doctors in the hospital received the news that this was the last flight of the Flying Tigers back.

And the pilot of this plane did not give out any signal of injury.

This also meant that the people from the field hospital did not need to stay by the airport and could return to the hospital to help the other doctors who were in the midst of emergency treatment.

Hearing the doctor's words, Anne Hathaway instantly burst into tears. She shook her head vigorously and said, "Impossible, Li hasn't returned yet."

The doctor looked at her deeply and said seriously, "Andy's plane was really the last one. Those that didn't come back probably won't be able to come back."

"Impossible!"

Anne Hathaway was a little out of control. She took a few steps back and mumbled, "Li will definitely come back alive. I'm going to wait here for him to come back."

The doctor sighed softly and said, "Alright, wait here. If he doesn't come back in half an hour, you have to go back to the hospital to help. Can you do that?"

Anne Hathaway nodded repeatedly and said, "He will be back very soon. It won't take more than half an hour. He might land in ten minutes!"

"Alright." The doctor then said, "Then we'll go back first. Good luck."

At this moment, Leonardo's plane came to a stop. He opened the hatch and sat in the plane in a daze, as if he had lost his soul.

Anne Hathaway quickly ran to his plane. She called him a few times, but he didn't move at all.

Finally, Anne Hathaway tried to jump up and hit the plane. After a few clanging sounds, Leonardo suddenly came back to his senses.

He turned his head to look at the bottom of the plane. What greeted him was Anne Hathaway's earnest expression.

In an instant, he remembered Liu Ye's last words and instantly started to cry.

Anne Hathaway saw his tears and instantly became nervous. She blurted out, "Where's Li?

Where is he?

Dean, say something!

I'm begging you, say something! "

In the next scene, Leonardo jumped down from the plane. The camera faced the two of them from the side.

At this moment, there was no more sound in the movie. The second part of 21 Guns started playing again.

From the scene, it could be seen that Leonardo was telling Anne Hathaway the truth. But after hearing two sentences, Anne Hathaway immediately covered her mouth with her hands, her eyes filled with disbelief.

She shook her head while crying non-stop. Leonardo also seemed to be in pain as he repeated to her the fact that Liu Ye had already been sacrificed.

Anne Hathaway covered her face in grief and pain. Leonardo stood in front of her, his face also full of tears.

At this moment, the music became softer. Leonardo said, "He asked me to thank you. He said that if this was a peaceful era, he would definitely marry you, but …"

Leonardo didn't say the rest of his words.

Anne Hathaway was already in tears. She couldn't even stand steadily. Fortunately, Leonardo reached out his hand to support her.

After a long time, Anne Hathaway asked him, "Where did he crash?

Can we still find his body? "

Leonardo shook his head and said, "His plane exploded in the air. I think … I think he must have become one with his motherland …"

As he said that, Leonardo pretended to be relaxed and smiled. "Perhaps this is the best outcome for him. This is what the people of Hua Xia say. To sacrifice one's life and shed one's blood for national liberation. We will remember him. The 400 million people of Hua Xia will remember him. History will also remember him."

Anne Hathaway stopped crying. Her red and swollen eyes looked at the red sky in the west. Her beautiful face looked especially beautiful against the red sky.

The camera started to move away from Anne Hathaway's face.

The area covered by the camera got bigger and bigger. Anne Hathaway's face got smaller and smaller until the entire airport was under the camera's view. A large number of fighter planes were scattered and stopped. Many of them were still emitting thick smoke.

At this time, Leonardo's voice appeared. "On July 3rd, 1942, the American Volunteer Air Force was ordered to disband. On the day of disbandment, we were still fighting against the planes of the Japanese invaders.

"After the Flying Tigers were disbanded, most of us didn't leave Hua Xia. Instead, we joined the 23rd Group of the American Army Air Force. Together with the 16th Fighter Squadron stationed in Hua Xia, we formed the American Special Task Force in China. Under the leadership of General Chennault, we continued to fight against the Japanese invaders in the skies of Hua Xia. Sometimes, we also carried out other missions. For example, we covered the transport planes that transported strategic resources to Hua Xia and flew over the famous Hump Route."

At this time, the real footage of the American Special Task Force in China was shown on the screen. Fighter planes covered the transport planes as they flew over the Himalayas. Below them was a vast and endless snowy mountain range.

"At the end of 1943, I left Spring City with the Special Task Force in China and was stationed in Gui Province. Before I left Gui Province, I wanted to find the girl who saved me, Hua Xia. However, the orders from my superiors were very urgent. I didn't see her again until I left Spring City."

The image of Du Wei appeared on the screen.

Leonardo said, "At that time, I felt that I might never see her again in this life."

"In 1945, the balance of war against the Japanese invaders in Hua Xia started to tilt. We started to bomb Japan from Hua Xia and the Pacific islands that we conquered."

"On May 8th, Germany announced its unconditional surrender. Japan was the only Axis country that was still resisting."

"On July 26th, Hua Xia, the United States, and the United Kingdom jointly issued the Potsdam Proclamation, urging Japan to surrender unconditionally."

"On August 6th and 9th, the US dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki."

"On August 15th, the Emperor of Japan announced his unconditional surrender."

"The war ended. The Special Task Force announced its disbandment. The pilots from the United States were divided into two groups. Those who originally belonged to the Air Force were transferred to other US bases in Asia. As for me, who originally didn't belong to the Air Force, I was disbanded after receiving a large sum of money."

"I came to Hua Xia with General Chennault in 1941. It has been four years since then. In these four years, I have never left this country. I have developed a deep friendship with this land."

"But now, I have taken off my Flying Tigers uniform, bid farewell to the fighter planes that have accompanied me through life and death, received a large sum of severance pay, and a ticket to leave Hua Xia for New York."

In the screen, Leonardo had already changed into casual clothes and was packing his luggage in his dormitory.

The narration continued, "Together with me, there was also a nurse from the United States, Jenny Smith."

Then, the screen switched to Anne Hathaway. She had finally taken off her nurse uniform and changed into a floral dress. At this time, she was also packing her luggage.

In the screen, she was carefully clipping a photo in her diary. That photo was of Liu Ye when he joined the army.

Leonardo said, "Obviously, Jenny couldn't forget Li Zheshen even after four years. Actually, I'm the same. In these four years, I've never forgotten him."

"Oh, right, in these four years, there was another person that I couldn't forget …"

At this point, Leonardo was holding a portrait of Du Wei that he had drawn.

At this moment, Leonardo suddenly stood up and rushed out of the dormitory with his luggage.

The American pilot who was also packing asked him, "Dean, where are you going?"

Leonardo turned around and said with a smile, "I'm going to Spring City!"

The next scene.

Leonardo had already carried his luggage and appeared in the mountain village where Du Wei's family used to be.

However, the mountain village in front of him had almost been razed to the ground. Some villagers were trying their best to rebuild their homes from the ruins. It was obvious that they had suffered from the flames of war.

When he arrived at Du Wei's house, it was already in ruins. Leonardo immediately burst into tears. He felt that Du Wei must have died in the flames of war.

Devastated, he lay on the ground and cried for a long time. When he was about to leave in a daze, he realized that Du Wei was standing behind him, looking at him with tears in her eyes.

At this moment, Leonardo was ecstatic. He threw down his luggage and rushed to Du Wei like a madman. He held her in his arms and repeatedly confessed to her that he loved her and that he had been thinking about her for the past four years.

Du Wei was hugged by him, tears rolling down her face. She also repeatedly said that her parents had been killed by the Japanese and that she was the only one left at home.

Leonardo suddenly held her shoulders and said in an extremely serious tone in Mandarin, "Come with me!

Come with me!

Is that alright?

Come with me! "

Du Wei was stunned for a moment, then nodded heavily.

Leonardo smiled in relief and hugged her again.

The movie gradually turned black.

When it lit up again, the words read: September 1, 1945.

At the port of Shanghai, a large ship was being prepared.

On the deck, there were a few Flying Tigers pilots looking forward with reluctance. That was the land of Hua Xia that they had fought so hard to protect, and they were about to embark on a journey back home, leaving the country that they had fought so hard for for many years.

Anne Hathaway, who was dressed casually, was also standing on the deck. She took out Liu Ye's photo from her pocket and looked at it. Tears rolled down her cheeks again.

Beside her was Leonardo, whose eyes were bloodshot.

Standing beside Leonardo was Du Wei, who had lost her family in the flames of war.

The ship's whistle sounded and black smoke billowed out of its chimney. The propellers turned and the ship slowly left the port.

At this time, Du Wei gently rested her head on Leonardo's shoulder. Leonardo hugged her waist and interlocked his other hand with hers.

The camera gradually rose and dimmed until it was completely black.

Then, the screen lit up again.

The screen was made with modern filters and colors. In the screen, an old American man and an old American woman, accompanied by an old Chinese woman and a few mixed-race children, arrived at a martyr's cemetery.

The group of people stood in front of a tombstone. The old American man and the old Chinese woman interlocked their fingers and looked seriously at the photo on the tombstone.

The photo on the tombstone was of a young Liu Ye.

The lone American old lady next to the two of them took out a yellowed black and white photo from her pocket with a trembling but careful hand.

This photo was the same as the photo of Liu Ye on the tombstone.

In this last scene, there was no dialogue. But when the ship left Hua Xia, the audience could guess that the old American man and the old Chinese woman were Leonardo and Du Wei. As for the mixed-race children, they were their children and grandchildren. This indicated that the two of them had lived a happy life.

The old lady who had been keeping Liu Ye's photo was none other than Anne Hathaway.

She had kept the photo all this time, and now she was alone. This also indicated that because she could not forget Liu Ye, she had always been alone, living her life in solitude.

Then, the old American woman's wrinkled eyes flowed with tears. The tears slowly rolled down her wrinkled face and dripped in front of the tombstone.

The screen paused and changed from color to black and white.

The end …