Chapter 521

Wang Shaohua's words made the three people around him dumbfounded.

Su Yuehua knew him the best. She knew her family's situation the best. Not to mention buying the largest duplex here, even the smallest apartment was a lot of pressure for the couple. Now, her husband, who had always been honest, was bragging in front of others because of a little sarcasm from the other party. This was really not in line with his usual behavior.

Shao Zhen quickly reacted and subconsciously thought that Wang Shaohua was bragging. He couldn't help but laugh out loud. He pointed to the tall building and asked Wang Shaohua with a smile, "Shaohua, you said you bought a house upstairs?"

Wang Shaohua nodded and said without changing his expression, "Yes, I bought a house, but I haven't started the renovation yet. Just like you, we also want to take a look today and study the specific renovation plan."

Zhang Shuqin concluded that Wang Shaohua was bluffing. She despised Wang Shaohua to the soles of her feet in her heart. She secretly thought that this man was really useless. When she and her husband were in a hurry, he said that she had bought a duplex upstairs. He really picked up his mouth and said it. Did he have a brain?

Did he think that he could say whatever he wanted with that mouth of his and that he didn't need to be responsible for it?

For Zhang Shuqin, she would seize any opportunity to attack Su Yuehua, and this time, it was simply the best opportunity in so many years.

Originally, when Su Yuehua's daughter failed in the art examination last time, she felt that it was the best opportunity. But that time, God was really blind. There was a twist of the road, which allowed Su Yuehua to reverse the situation. But this time was different. If Wang Shaohua had just admitted defeat and let her and her husband ridicule him, this matter would have passed happily. But he chose to be stubborn at this time, so she must seize the opportunity. No matter what, she must kill him first!

In this case, when she arrived at the company tomorrow, she would have something to talk to her colleagues about.

"Su Yuehua's husband can't afford to buy a house in Hua Fu Mansion, but he had to brag that he bought a duplex worth more than two million. In the end, I exposed him. It's really embarrassing …"

Zhang Shuqin couldn't wait to spread these words throughout the company.

Therefore, Zhang Shuqin said to Wang Shaohua with a strange smile, "Oh, Shaohua, you really have the ability to buy such a big and expensive house just like that. How come we didn't hear anything about it beforehand?"

Wang Shaohua said meaningfully, "It's just buying a house. It's not a big deal. There's no need to make it known to the world. If I deliberately say it to others, they will congratulate me, but in their hearts, they will definitely scold me for showing off. Don't you think so?"

Zhang Shuqin could tell that Wang Shaohua was scolding her indirectly. She was quite unhappy, so she said, "Shaohua, what you said is wrong. We are all colleagues, and we all want to buy a house nearby. If you tell us, we can buy a house together. It will be good to be neighbors in the future."

Wang Shaohua said, "Look, we didn't say that we bought a house. Didn't you also buy a house here? In this way, we will still be neighbors in the future. It's fate."

Su Yuehua felt that this matter was a bit too outrageous. Her husband had made up so many things that were completely nonsensical. Did he really think that this couple was easy to fool?

It was difficult for them to deal with him. He had bragged so much in front of them. They didn't know how to end it. They were not kind men and women. They would definitely get to the bottom of this matter.

In order not to let her husband fall into greater embarrassment, Su Yuehua said, "By the way, Shaohua, there's something at home. Let's go back."

After saying this, Su Yuehua winked at her husband, meaning to take advantage of this situation and leave quickly. If they were caught by them, it would be really difficult.

Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin exchanged a look. Both sides also understood that Su Yuehua also wanted to take Wang Shaohua away.

What a joke. Today, Wang Shaohua couldn't escape unscathed. Even the Jade Emperor couldn't save him!

So, Shao Zhen said before Wang Shaohua opened his mouth, "Shaohua, we haven't seen the duplex in this community. Since you bought it, why don't you take us up to have a look? Let us open our eyes and see what a house of more than 170 square meters looks like."

Shao Zhen was telling the truth. He and Zhang Shuqin really hadn't seen a duplex of 170 square meters because they clearly knew that they couldn't afford it. Although Shao Zhen had some ways to make money, it was still beyond their reach to buy a house of two million yuan. Now, they could barely afford a three-bedroom apartment of 130 square meters. It was the best they could afford. At first, he and his wife wanted to buy a two-bedroom apartment of about 100 square meters. Later, they gritted their teeth and bought the current one.

Wang Shaohua listened to Shao Zhen's words and smiled slightly. He said without any nervousness, "Don't you have an appointment with a renovation company?

Don't waste your time. The house is here anyway. You can see it later if you have a chance. "

Shao Zhen laughed out loud. It wasn't that he wanted to laugh, but he couldn't help it. Only today did he realize that Wang Shaohua was such a mentally retarded person. They were all adults. Even if they were friendly on the surface, the competition and sarcasm behind the friendliness were obvious. Today, you've boasted. Do you want to leave unscathed without taking me to see the "duplex" you bought?

Dream on.

Zhang Shuqin also had the same mentality. She said with a smile, "Oh, the renovation company wants to make money. Not to mention waiting for a while, even if you ask them to wait until tomorrow morning, they have to wait obediently. Anyway, we are downstairs. It won't take you ten minutes to take us up to have a look."

Su Yuehua felt that things were hopeless, but she still tried to salvage the situation. She pulled Wang Shaohua's sleeve and said to Zhang Shuqin and Shao Zhen, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Shaohua likes to joke. Sometimes his jokes are not appropriate for the occasion. Please don't mind him."

Su Yuehua was already showing weakness. The meaning was also very clear. My husband is boasting. If he doesn't want to admit it, I will admit it for him. Then I will give in to the two of you. Don't go too far.

But Zhang Shuqin didn't buy it at all. She was the kind of person who couldn't wait to poke at the other party's weakness. How could she give Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua any face?

She snorted twice and said, "Yo, Yuehua, we are all colleagues. You are looking down on us. We can't buy a duplex, but since you bought it, can you show us?

We also want to see the feeling that Shaohua described. After all, the building behind us is just like what Shaohua said. It's too depressing. "

Su Yuehua was almost anxious. What was going on?

They saw each other all the time. Did you, Zhang Shuqin, have to draw a knife against them?

Just as Su Yuehua was anxious and worried, not knowing how to help her husband clean up the mess, Wang Shaohua suddenly sighed and waved his hand to Su Yuehua. "Yuehua, look, Shuqin is angry. Why are you still talking about these useless things? If they want to go up and have a look, then go up and have a look. Even if you keep a low profile, you can't hide when we all live in the same community in the future, right?"

Su Yuehua was really dumbfounded. She had already cursed Wang Shaohua ten thousand times in her heart. "Wang Shaohua, Wang Shaohua, when I married you, why didn't I think that you would become so stupid one day?!

I gave you a way out, but you didn't take it. I squatted down and let you step on me, but you still didn't take it. It's fine if you don't take it, but you still take advantage of me. What do you want?

Do you want this couple to make you worthless outside in the future before you are satisfied?

Do you want me to never be able to lift my head in the office in the future before you are satisfied? "

At this time, Wang Shaohua saw that his wife did not respond at all. He stepped forward and took her hand. He said lightly, "Come on, let's go up."

After that, he said to Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin, "Since you two are not in a hurry, let's go up together."

Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin nodded repeatedly. Both of their hearts were blooming with happiness. Since Wang Shaohua was willing to die, they were willing to bury him.

Wang Shaohua took Su Yuehua's hand and walked to the door of the unit. Su Yuehua was so angry that her eyes were red. She was desperately unwilling to go in with him. She couldn't wait to shake off Wang Shaohua's hand and run away alone to find a place where no one was around to cry for a while.

However, at this time, Wang Shaohua quietly used his thumb to gently press on her palm.

Su Yuehua's heart calmed down quite a bit. She knew her husband very well. Whenever she was worried, afraid, uncertain, and confused, he would use this method to make a silent promise to her. This action meant that he was here for her and that everything would be fine.

But Su Yuehua thought about it again. How could the situation get better now?

How could she not know Wang Shaohua's capabilities?

Right now, Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin were eyeing him like a tiger watching its prey. How could he solve this problem?

Could it be that he could really create a house here?

Stop joking.

But Wang Shaohua didn't give her a chance to hesitate. He pulled her into the unit door. Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin also held hands. They looked like they were watching a good show and happily followed the two into the elevator. In their opinion, Wang Shaohua's brain was really kicked by a donkey today. He didn't leave a way out for himself. If this matter were to be spread in the future, he couldn't blame others.

There were only 11 floors to choose from in the 22-story duplex. Wang Shaohua pressed the 10th floor, and then the elevator door slowly closed. Su Yuehua's heart was like dead water. She felt that she might lose all her face today. But now she was somewhat open to it. Who cares? Anyway, her husband was chosen by her. Since he had decided and was so determined, then she might as well throw caution to the wind. If they were to lose face, then they would lose it together.

With a ding, the elevator stopped on the 10th floor.

As soon as they got out of the elevator, there were three doors on the left, front, and right, 1001, 1002, 1003.

Shao Zhen felt that Wang Shaohua was only one step away from revealing his true colors, so he couldn't wait to show his fangs. He smiled and said, "Shaohua, you don't live in 1004, do you?"

Wang Shaohua looked at him and smiled brightly. The smile made Shao Zhen's hair stand on end. Zhang Shuqin also felt that Wang Shaohua's smile was very strange, as if she and her husband had been schemed against by him.

Wang Shaohua looked at the door of 1001, but his mind was thinking of Li Mu.

He remembered that when Li Mu brought him up, he was full of envy when he thought that he had bought a large duplex here; he remembered that when Li Mu told him that this house was the compensation he had asked for for his daughter, he was shocked beyond words; he remembered his entanglement these days, and his mood when he sneaked over after work every day to take a look …

And now, he was looking forward to his wife's mood when the door was opened later. He was even more looking forward to Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin's mood when the door was opened.

Wang Shaohua had never been as vain as he was today, and he had never been as eager to fight as he was today. He really realized that money was really a f * cking good thing. It could buy things that others could only dream of but could not get. It could make you stand tall, it could smash the enemy's face, and it could even destroy the enemy's mind.

Before today, he had been hesitating whether he should accept this house that Li Mu had fought for for his daughter. His sour self-esteem as an intellectual had always felt that if he accepted this house, he would be betraying his daughter's dignity. But now he understood a truth. Self-esteem was not something that could be obtained just by thinking about it. Self-esteem had to be earned outside. Therefore, whether his wife was willing to accept this house or not, he was determined to take it!

He was grateful to Li Mu, who had forcefully asked for such a mansion for his family;

He was grateful to Li Mu, who had given him a chance to help his wife completely smash the other party's face;

He was grateful to Li Mu, who had given him a perfect experience of acting tough. This feeling made the honest him feel so good that he could fly!

So, with a mysterious smile, Wang Shaohua took out a beautifully made anti-theft door key from his pocket.

Shao Zhen recognized this key at a glance. When he handed over the house, the sales lady had specially told him that the anti-theft door of Hua Fu Mansion was a gift from the developer. The door was custom-made from the top anti-theft door manufacturer in the country. The lock was even more amazing. It was the latest high-end anti-theft door lock specially ordered from Korea. Each lock was equipped with three keys. If they were lost, they had to be custom-made from the manufacturer according to the serial number. The cost of a key was at least five hundred yuan. Shao Zhen was so scared that he was afraid that if he accidentally lost one, it would cost him his life.

He had never believed that Wang Shaohua had really bought a duplex here, but when Wang Shaohua took out this key, his heart suddenly twitched. He could not help but ask himself in his heart, "Did he really buy it?"

Looking at his wife, Zhang Shuqin's eyes were the same as his, full of doubt and fear. She was afraid that Wang Shaohua would really open the door.

Wang Shaohua did not give them too much chance. He took out the key and walked to the door of unit 1001. The key went into the keyhole. Then, he twisted it gently, and the lock made a crisp click.

The cracking sound was like a clap of thunder exploding in the hearts of the other three.

Wang Shaohua pressed down on the doorknob, and then the door was easily pushed open by him. Then, Wang Shaohua stood by the door and said to the dumbfounded Shao Zhen and Zhang Shuqin, "You two, please!"