Chapter 1024

In Li Mu's opinion, it was inevitable that he would get a share of the game props. He would never take the income from the game props given by the users as his own, because if the platform wanted to expand, he had to share the profits with the traffic entrances within the platform.

In the Taobao Alliance, he had to share the profits with the websites that joined the Taobao Alliance; in Paradise Town, he also had to share the profits with the campus celebrities.

Every campus celebrity was a traffic entrance for Paradise Town. Not only did they bring users, but they also encouraged users to top up and spend money. Therefore, they were all Li Mu's Gods of Wealth. Naturally, Li Mu had to completely tie them to the platform of Paradise Town, so that they could continue to show their attraction here.

Fiona was just one of the countless people who had benefited from Paradise Town.

With such a rich income, Fiona's investment in Paradise Town had almost reached 100%. She even took a leave of absence and stayed in her dorm to communicate with a few of her friends who were crazy about giving her gifts. She made them happy and asked them to give her more gifts and game props.

Fiona even thought that if she could maintain an income of thousands of dollars a day in Paradise Town, then in January next year, she would buy herself a small sports car worth tens of thousands of dollars as a gift.

Like most of the blonde beauties in American universities, Fiona was obsessed with cars and could not extricate herself. Her "rumored boyfriend" had an old Mustang sports car. Although it was a little old, sitting in it still made people feel excited.

However, when she thought of her rumored boyfriend who had an extraordinary family background, Fiona felt inexplicably annoyed.

That guy's family background was indeed very good, but he seemed to be a little distant from her. He had been in love with her for a long time, but he was still unwilling to establish a relationship with her. He was even reluctant to spend money on her.

Some time ago, on her birthday, he gave her three roses and took her to eat an ordinary steak. After that, he wanted to take her to the drive-in theater. He even asked for car sex in the car, but Fiona rejected him. She did not expect that guy to not contact her for several days in a row.

Fiona's family background was too ordinary, so she was unusually sensitive. She knew that the other party looked down on her and even thought that she was easy to beat. Although she had never said these things, she was still angry in her heart. She also hoped to find a better boyfriend, a boyfriend who had a better background and treated her better. But now it seemed that it was no longer important whether she could find a boyfriend or not. At this rate, it would not take long for these self-righteous men to look at her in a different light.

With that thought in mind, Fiona continued to add new friends like crazy. On the other hand, she responded more enthusiastically to her friends who splurged on her in the game, hoping to stimulate them to give her more items so that she could earn more money.

…

Li Mu did not expect that he would be the first to open a new era of Internet exhibition in the United States in advance. The era of Internet celebrities.

The reason why many Internet celebrities in later generations could easily get an annual salary of tens of millions of yuan from live broadcasting platforms was that these special groups had a pull on their fans.

In fact, there was only one reason why the Internet celebrity economy could form an industry and form a model: the fan economy.

The fan economy itself was a very large industry model. It was not a product of the Internet era, but it was deeply developed in the Internet era. Before the Internet, every famous writer, musician, singer, and film and television star relied on the fan economy.

Albums and physical books relied on fans to buy, concerts relied on fans to buy tickets, and movies and TV relied on fans to contribute to the box office and ratings. Except for the necessities of eating and drinking, which did not need the support of the fan economy, almost all other industries had the shadow of the fan economy. It was just that "Internet celebrities" took the fan economy to the extreme.

The standard industry model of Internet celebrities in later generations was: do live broadcasting, open an online shop, participate in activities, do self-media, and accept advertisements.

The great Internet celebrities could earn an annual salary of more than ten million yuan from live broadcasting, not including the profit of game props. They could open an online shop and buy whatever they wanted, and they could earn ten million a year just by relying on their fans. Because of the fan base, various activities would also bring cash to their door. Self-media also had a very strong liquidity because of their fan base, and they could easily earn tens of millions a year.

Without exception, these incomes were all built on the foundation of "fans." To put it bluntly, after a person gathered a certain number of fans, they could find ways to make money from them.

Today, they would let their fans contribute manpower to the live broadcasting platform, and then follow the self-media account to increase the number of fans. Tomorrow, they would guide their fans to buy props and give gifts on the live broadcasting platform. The day after that, they would recommend various products such as clothes, peripherals, cosmetics, and even electronic products to their fans. Finally, they would sell their fans to other individuals, companies, or platforms through advertising.

On the Internet in later generations, there were often news that fans gave huge gifts to Internet celebrities. Even the National Husband also did live broadcasting. As soon as he entered a female anchor's room, he would give gifts of hundreds of thousands of yuan. There were even many primary and secondary school students who used their parents' mobile phones to give gifts to Internet celebrities.

In other people's eyes, such fans seemed a little difficult to understand, but in fact, the relationship between fans and Internet celebrities could be described as Zhou Yu beating Huang Gai. One was willing to beat Huang Gai, and the other was willing to be beaten. Fans were willing to pay for their favorite Internet celebrities, and Internet celebrities, in order to make money, also used various ways to meet the various needs of their fans. The supply and demand relationship was clear, and the market space was huge. This in itself was a very smooth industry model.

Although Li Mu could not become a full-scale Internet celebrity, he had the ability to support a wave of "local Internet celebrities" like Fiona on American university campuses.

Local Internet celebrities did not have a wide range of influence, but they were strong in their influence. After all, they basically influenced the fan groups that were close to them in real life. Naturally, the campus belle in front of them was more attractive than the Internet celebrities on the Internet. Therefore, girls like Fiona had a lot fewer fans than real Internet celebrities, but the quality of their fans was much better.

What's more, there were many local Internet celebrities like Fiona who worked with Paradise Town. They were spread across all the universities in the United States, so the overall influence was very strong.

On the first day that the leaderboard system and the item giveaway system were released, Paradise Town's top-up revenue reached 780 million USD. What was even more incredible was that the 780 million USD came from the 400 million paying users. In other words, the average of the 400 million paying users top-up nearly 20 million USD per day, and the highest top-up user top-up was 83,200 USD.

For American university students, 20 USD was nothing at all. If they could not get a scholarship, the annual tuition of a public university would be more than 10,000 USD. If they went to a private university, it would at least be tens of thousands of USD. In their minds, 20 USD was just a small amount of money.

For some of the rich second generations on American university campuses, spending tens of thousands of USD on a game was nothing at all. Not only did they not feel bad about it, but they were also excited about such a good opportunity to show off their wealth.

For such users, becoming the top 1 in the friends list was just the most basic stage. They also had to become the top 1 in the contribution list of specific friends, and even leave their names in the global top 100. Anyway, this goal could be achieved by spending money, and for them, spending money was the easiest way.

The 780,000 USD recharge caused an uproar among the entire American Internet industry. Even the Internet companies that were valued at tens of billions of USD did not expect that it would be so easy to make money.

The American Internet companies were going crazy with jealousy. No one had expected that after Makino Technology came to the United States, it would turn into a super vacuum cleaner, sucking in money crazily from major universities. Almost every American Internet company employees were asking themselves, "Why didn't we realize that American university students' spending standards were so high before Makino Technology came!"

There were even media outlets that criticized American university students for spending money like water, saying, "American university students' self-control in front of 'Paradise Town' is a disgrace to the United States!"

However, there were also media outlets that particularly approved of Makino Technology. They felt, "Although Makino Technology is not the largest Internet company in the world, it is the Internet company that understands users the best in the world. Every detail of their work is thoughtfully based on human nature. They cater to users in all aspects, please users, and make users have a special sense of dependence on them. This ability to achieve great things with little effort is worth learning by the Internet companies in the United States."

The media had different opinions about "Paradise Town." Mark Zuckerberg had a love-hate relationship with "Paradise Town". When Mark Zuckerberg realized that it was difficult for him to make Fiona pay more attention to him under such strong financial pressure, he was quite disappointed with the "Paradise Town" atmosphere. However, he also knew that it was the users who worshipped money, not Makino Technology.