Chapter 313

After Wang Cheng received Li Mu's call, he immediately rushed to the scene with his men. Kidnapping and extortion were serious matters, and with Li Mu being involved, he had to take this matter seriously.

As soon as he arrived at the scene, Wang Cheng went to look for Li Mu first. After confirming that Li Mu wasn't injured, he heaved a sigh of relief. He thought to himself that this young master really wasn't easy to deal with. Last time, he fought with a bunch of outsiders at the National People's Congress, and now he was fighting with gangsters from the streets.

"Student Li Mu, what's going on today?" Wang Cheng asked Li Mu in a low voice as he looked at the dozens of students beating up the gangsters.

Li Mu briefly told Wang Cheng what had happened. He had some conflicts with Feng Sier in the past, and today, Feng Sier had threatened his friends, Zhao Ziqiu and the other three girls, and then used them to threaten him to bring the money to the police station.

Actually, Feng Sier hadn't asked him to bring the money over the phone, but Li Mu had said so. He wanted Wang Cheng to try his best to enrich the chain of evidence that Feng Sier was suspected of kidnapping and extortion from the police's perspective.

After Wang Cheng heard this, he basically understood the seriousness of the situation. Using a weapon to threaten someone on the street was already a serious crime of kidnapping. The total amount of money involved in the case was also a huge amount. Therefore, he immediately became 120% vigilant and quickly asked his men to arrest the suspects first. Then, he started to take photos of the scene to preserve the evidence.

After giving these instructions, Wang Cheng said to Li Mu, "I'll have to trouble you to go to the police station with the girls to make a statement. Where are they?

Also, we need to find a few witnesses nearby to collect some objective evidence. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "The girls are in a friend's car. I'll ask my friend to drive them to the police station later."

Wang Cheng said, "That's fine too. We also need to bring the money to the police station as evidence. When we have all the relevant evidence, we'll inform you to come and get the money back."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry about the money. If we need these as evidence during the prosecution, the branch office can keep them."

Wang Cheng waved his hand and said with a smile, "If all the evidence needs to be presented in court, how big would the court have to be? We'll just organize the evidence here, take photos, and notarize it internally."

Li Mu said, "Alright, sorry to trouble you, Captain Wang."

Wang Cheng hurriedly said, "It's just the two of us, why are you still being so polite with me?"

Then, Wang Cheng reminded him in a low voice, "Student Li Mu, it's better not to let the media know about this. What do you think?"

Wang Cheng was also worried that Li Mu would expose this matter to the media. Although he would definitely handle this case impartially, it would have a bad influence on him and the leaders of the district branch once the case was exposed in a public place under his jurisdiction.

Li Mu knew what he was worried about, so he nodded and deliberately didn't say anything definite. "I don't want the media to know either. Sometimes, it's really troublesome for them."

Wang Cheng hurriedly said, "Don't worry about this, we will definitely handle this case impartially."

At this moment, Xu Jiahui, who was in Benz's car, was going through the most awkward and torturous moment of his life.

Ever since Zhao Ziqiu and the other girls got into the car, he had wanted to greet Zhao Ziqiu, but the moment the three girls got into the car, they automatically ignored him and started to persuade Zhao Ziqiu as if there was no one else around. The content of their persuasion was also very simple. On one hand, it was to comfort her not to be worried about what had happened today, and on the other hand, it was to tell her not to waste her energy on Li Mu.

In order to make Zhao Ziqiu feel better, Han Xiaoxiao even purposely criticized Li Mu, saying that Li Mu wasn't that good. She even went into detail about Li Mu's many shortcomings, such as not being very handsome, not being very considerate, and being a bit of a male chauvinist. In short, she said a bunch of nitpicking, causing Han Xiaoxiao to secretly apologize to Li Mu in her heart. Their starting point was also hoping that Zhao Ziqiu could get over it and stop wasting her energy on Li Mu.

Zhao Ziqiu did not say a word, her mood extremely low. Even after hearing them talk about Li Mu for a long time, Zhao Ziqiu did not give any reaction. It was only when the negative energy in her heart reached a peak that she could not help but say, "Don't talk about him anymore. It's his freedom to fall in love, and he didn't do anything wrong. It's my freedom to like him, and I didn't do anything wrong either."

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly said, "We just don't want you to get caught up in it, we don't mean to blame you or him …"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said seriously, "It's not like you guys don't know that I've been caught up in it for a long time. I've been mentally prepared for a lot of things, so you guys don't have to worry about me. Li Mu is only with Su Yingxue now, and there's still a long way to go. University is just the beginning."

Han Xiaoxiao looked at Zhao Ziqiu in shock. She wanted to say something, but she held it in. It seemed like Zhao Ziqiu was already prepared to fight a long battle with Li Mu. Under these circumstances, there was no point in trying to persuade her, so she might as well leave her alone.

The atmosphere in the car suddenly fell silent. Xu Jiahui, who was sitting in the driver's seat, secretly looked through the rearview mirror and watched the girl he liked cry over another man. He truly felt what it meant to have his heart cut by a knife. He had been pursuing Zhao Ziqiu for a while now, and even though there was no progress, he had never been pessimistic. Instead, he had always been very patient, because he always felt that a truly good girl needed a lot of effort and sacrifice to pursue. As long as she wasn't in love, he would have a chance.

However, he never thought that even though Zhao Ziqiu wasn't in love, she already had someone else in her heart. Coincidentally, that person was Li Mu …

Xu Jiahui believed that with his internal, external, family conditions, and background, almost no one in his age group could beat him. However, there was only one person that he admired from the bottom of his heart, and that was Li Mu.

Li Mu might not be as good-looking as him, and his family background was not as good as his, but Li Mu's personal ability was simply incredible. He had single-handedly founded Makino Technology, and this company had been split into two companies in less than half a year. Now, the total value of the two companies could reach about 900 million yuan. This level of strength was something that Xu Jiahui had never heard of before.

Xu Jiahui couldn't help but sigh in his heart that God really knew how to play with him. He only felt inferior to Li Mu, but the girl he liked liked him deep down in her heart. Moreover, from what they said, it seemed that Li Mu had such a good girl like Zhao Ziqiu who took the initiative to play football, but he still gave up on her and chose another one. It was fine that Zhao Ziqiu liked Li Mu, but now that Li Mu was with another woman, she still loved him so firmly, which made him feel even more bitter in his heart.

At this time, Wang Cheng's men had collected all the evidence at the scene, and they had also found a few eyewitnesses who were willing to go to the Public Security Bureau to give their statements. With the eyewitnesses and material evidence in place, they were ready to escort Feng Si 'er and her gang back to the police station for interrogation.

Naturally, Li Mu had to go with them. Hui Ka Ming, as one of the eyewitnesses, also had to go. Even Zhao Kang and a few of the student representatives who were involved in the fight had to go with them. However, Zhao Kang and the others had acted bravely for a just cause, and this was something that Li Mu had already discussed with Wang Cheng and reached an agreement on.

Li Mu also had to go with Wang Cheng to the police station, so he said to Hui Ka Ming, "Give Jiahui a call and ask him to send these girls to the district police station. We'll go with Captain Wang's car."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and took out his phone to call Xu Jiahui. Li Mu also took out his phone to call Zhao Ziqiu. The moment he dialed the number, he regretted it and immediately hung up. Instead, he called Han Xiaoxiao.

Xu Jiahui had just picked up his phone when Han Xiaoxiao's phone rang. When she saw that it was Li Mu, she quickly picked it up. Li Mu said on the phone, "Xiaoxiao, later, you guys will follow that car to the police station to give your statement. I'll go with the police car, and we'll meet up there."

Han Xiaoxiao nodded and then said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Li Mu wants us to follow the car to the police station to give our statement."

Zhao Ziqiu's stubbornness immediately rose. "Why didn't he call me? Why is he purposely avoiding me?"

Han Xiaoxiao said awkwardly, "I don't know, I don't think so …"

Zhao Ziqiu immediately took out her phone and called Li Mu. As soon as Li Mu picked up the phone, she said seriously on the other end of the phone, "Li Mu, I can accept whatever you want, but I can't accept you purposely distancing yourself from me. At the very least, we're still friends, right?"

Li Mu was still thinking of an excuse to explain when Zhao Ziqiu hung up, which made Li Mu's heart ache.

Wang Cheng saw that Li Mu had finished the phone call and said to him, "Let's go."

Li Mu nodded. Lin Lin asked, "Hey, what should I do?"

Li Mu saw that she was having a headache, but he didn't want to offend this young lady, so he said kindly, "Sorry to trouble you to come all the way here. Why don't you go home first?"

Lin Lin said unhappily, "I'm also a witness like Jiaming. Why does he have to follow us to give his statement, and I have to go home by myself?

No, I have to go too. "

Li Mu said almost without thinking, "Okay, then let's go together."

At this time, he couldn't quarrel with Lin Lin here, so Li Mu immediately agreed to her request.

Wang Cheng hurriedly coordinated with one of his assistants and asked him to go to another car. Then he emptied the three seats in the back of his car for Li Mu, Lin Lin, and Hui Ka Ming. After the three of them got in the car, the police car hurried to the district police station. At the same time, Xu Jiahui started the car without saying a word and rushed to the district police station from another road.

The police car that Li Mu was in arrived first. After he got out of the car, he waited for a while at the entrance of the police station before Xu Jiahui drove the Benz SUV to the entrance. The car stopped in front of Li Mu, and Li Mu opened the back door for the four girls to get out. Before he closed the door, he said to Xu Jiahui, "Jiahui, wait in the car for a while. Jiaming and Lin Lin will go in with me to give their statements. Thank you for your hard work."

Xu Jiahui didn't want to turn his head at all, but out of politeness, he still turned around and said to Li Mu calmly, "It's nothing, it's my duty."

When he turned around, Han Xiaoxiao, who was standing at the back door, saw him. She blurted out in surprise, "Aiya, Xu Jiahui, why is it you?!"

PS: