Chapter 308

Li Mu watched as Su Yingxue lifted the hem of her dress and ran towards him. Her movements seemed to have slowed down a hundred times, a thousand times in his eyes. This short distance of twenty to thirty meters made Li Mu's thoughts instantly go back to his previous life, to January 2002 in his previous life.

At that time, he was still studying at Jinling University. In order to obtain more news about Su Yingxue at the National People's Congress, he would spend every day on the "One Ladle Pond" forum of the National People's Congress because there were always people discussing Su Yingxue. In his previous life, he saw a photo of this event at One Ladle Pond. In the photo, Su Yingxue, who was the host, amazed the audience and him just like today. However, at that time, Su Yingxue had completely disappeared from Li Mu's life.

However, in this life, he was no longer the Li Mu who was secretly watching Su Yingxue from thousands of miles away like a thief!

On the contrary, he even stood on the stage of this gala and confessed to Su Yingxue in front of tens of thousands of National People's Congress students. And the woman who seemed untouchable in his life was now running towards him without hesitation, running into his embrace.

Seeing Su Yingxue getting closer and closer to him, looking at her red eyes and excited expression, Li Mu's heart also trembled.

He suppressed the urge to rush forward and stood in place with his arms open until Su Yingxue came before him and plunged into his embrace without a care for anything else.

Li Mu tightened his arms and hugged her tightly. He was so excited that he almost wanted to roar out loud.

When the feelings and regrets of many years were brought back to the place where they were born, when he personally filled all the feelings and regrets with his own hands, when he personally embraced the woman he had never dared to hold hands with, this was the most fulfilling thing!

The students below the stage were also in an uproar. They were all hot-blooded youths, but who had ever seen such a shocking confession ceremony?

Most importantly, the confession was a success. The two of them hugged in front of all the school leaders and students. This was simply enviable.

The faces of the school leaders were somewhat ugly, but at this time, the entire stadium had obviously entered "Li Mu Time". Li Mu controlled the emotions of the audience. No one could stop him, and no one could stop the group of students, so the school leaders could only watch helplessly.

Zhao Ziqiu looked away and said to Han Xiaoxiao and the others, "We're done listening to the song, let's go."

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly nodded and pulled Zhao Ziqiu out. "We should have left long ago. My ears are getting calluses from listening to you."

Chen Qiao hurriedly said: "Come, let's go eat something good. My treat. Ziqiu, what do you want to eat?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Let's go eat skewers and noodles near the Polytechnic University."

Chen Qiao said, "We'll go eat whatever you want."

…

In Su Yingxue's entire life, this was the first time she had such intimate contact with a man of the opposite sex. She felt Li Mu's warmth in his arms, and her ear was pressed against his chest to listen to his heartbeat. This kind of unique happiness made her want to stop time.

Li Mu's courage was much bigger than in his past life. A burst of youthful spirit rushed into his mind, causing him to involuntarily lift Su Yingxue's chin. Before Su Yingxue could react, he lowered his head and kissed her slightly cold lips.

The people below the stage went even crazier …

Su Yingxue didn't think that Li Mu would take away her first kiss so straightforwardly when she didn't react. Moreover, it was in front of so many people. However, she didn't feel any anger in her heart. The only regret was that Li Mu's kiss came too quickly and she didn't even have the chance to enjoy it.

Li Mu at this time whispered in Su Yingxue's ear, "Wait for my curtain call."

Su Yingxue gently nodded and the two separated. Li Mu's right hand held Su Yingxue's small hand and his left hand rested on the microphone stand. He laughed a few times but didn't rush to speak.

The people who were previously cheering heard Li Mu laugh at the microphone and gradually quieted down, waiting for him to speak.

Li Mu took a deep breath and said loudly into the microphone, "I announce, from today onwards, your goddess is taken!"

"F * ck!

Shameless! "

Li Mu's words caused a wave of indignation from the male compatriots below the stage. Although it didn't really arouse public anger, Li Mu's "declaration of sovereignty" still made the male compatriots feel unhappy.

Li Mu didn't care that the people below the stage were purposely booing. He smiled and said, "Before going off the stage, I have to briefly introduce the next program to everyone."

A few girls who were preparing to go on stage to dance were stunned. According to the procedure, shouldn't the host go on stage after Li Mu went off the stage to announce the next program?

Why did Li Mu introduce the next program?

Just as they were puzzled, Li Mu said, "Before going on stage, Vice-Principal Sun went backstage and canceled the program of a fourth-year senior at the last minute …"

When Li Mu said this, Sun Yong's heart thumped. Could it be that this guy …

Sure enough, Li Mu's next words confirmed the worst guess in Sun Yong's heart.

"This senior and his girlfriend met their parents on New Year's Day. They have already decided to get married after graduation. The senior also hoped to be able to sing Jacky Cheung's' I Love You More Every Day 'for his fiancée at tonight's gala. However, Principal Sun not only deleted the song on the grounds that it was unhealthy, but he also publicly scolded this senior as the scum of the National People's Congress …"

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, the audience kept booing. Someone even shouted at the top of their lungs, "Sun Yong is the scum of the National People's Congress!"

It was pitch black below the stage. No one knew where this shout came from. Then, someone echoed, "He was the one who made Wu Shuai take the blame for Sun Tan!"

"That's right!

If he hadn't sided with Sun Tan and made Wu Shuai take the blame, Wu Shuai wouldn't have stabbed Sun Tan! "

"Serves him right!

Damn it, why didn't he stab that scum Sun Yong too! "

Sun Yong's face turned pale in an instant. He was so angry that his whole body was trembling. However, at this moment, whether it was Li Mu or the students who were shouting below the stage, he couldn't lose his temper. He could only suppress his anger and wait to settle the score later.

At this time, Li Mu opened his mouth and asked the students below the stage, "Do you guys want to hear senior sing this song 'I Love You More Every Day'?"

"Yes!" The people below the stage were all typical young nationalists. At this moment, they all responded in unison.

Li Mu said, "I hope that the sound teacher can play the accompaniment of this song after senior goes on stage. In addition, I also hope that the sound teacher can let senior finish singing this song no matter what."

After saying this, Li Mu turned his head and saw Yu Chao behind the curtain on the other side, who was eager to fight. Then, he said to the microphone, "Next, senior brother Yu Chao from the School of Finance will play this song 'I Love You More Every Day' by Jacky Cheung for us!"

Li Mu made a gesture to Yu Chao, who immediately ran to the stage. As soon as he appeared, there was a warm applause and cheers from the audience. When Yu Chao came to the front, Li Mu took a step back and gave him the position of the microphone. Then, he picked up his guitar and held Su Yingxue's hand, bowed slightly to the audience, and then led her down the stage in the applause.

At this time, the sound teacher didn't dare to offend the crowd, so he played the accompaniment that he had prepared beforehand.

Li Mu held Su Yingxue's hand and walked backstage. Su Yingxue followed him for a long distance before she remembered and said in a sweet voice, "Where are you taking me?

I still have to host … "

"Oh, right."

Li Mu stopped and patted his forehead. "I forgot. I wanted to take you out to eat delicious food to celebrate."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu with eyes full of affection and said shyly, "After you made such a scene, I don't know how to host on stage later."

Li Mu reached out and stroked the hair on her shoulder. He said softly, "It's okay. Just let nature take its course. If you make any mistakes, everyone will forgive you."

Su Yingxue said, "Then you can't leave. Stay backstage with me."

Li Mu immediately nodded and said, "Don't worry, I won't go anywhere. I'll stay backstage with you."

Su Yingxue blinked playfully and said, "You're quite conscious!"

Yu Chao's singing came from outside. It was the Cantonese version of "Love You More Every Day", and it was 70% similar. Su Yingxue listened for a moment and said, "You offended Principal Sun today. Be careful of him making trouble for you in the future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry, he won't dare to do anything to me. He hated me because of Sun Tan. If he could do anything to me, he wouldn't have waited until now."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "You'd better keep a low profile in the future. I don't want you to offend the school leaders one day and be expelled from the school, leaving me alone."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, if I'm expelled, I'll set up a tent in front of the square of the main teaching building of the National People's Congress and live here with you."

"Nonsense …"

Sun Yong was almost angered to death by Li Mu today. He had worked in the National People's Congress for so many years, but it was the first time he had encountered such a thing. He had been exposed by a student in public, and then he had been booed.

Sun Yong was so angry that he couldn't wait to expel Li Mu immediately. But when he thought that he couldn't make the decision at all, he immediately thought of the principal beside him.

"Principal, Li Mu has gone too far. Wasn't what he did just now the opposite of what you wanted?" The principal knew what Sun Yong meant.

It was his idea to delete the song. Li Mu really didn't give him face by doing this. Sun Yong's words were nothing more than to provoke his temper. However, after thinking about it carefully, it was Sun Yong himself who had proposed to delete the song. If he hadn't been dissatisfied with the song "Back to Lhasa", it wouldn't have led to the following things. Li Mu was also targeting him. To put it bluntly, he had brought it upon himself. Now he had provoked public anger in front of the students. How could he intervene for him?

Therefore, the principal said lightly, "We are the leaders of the school. Don't lower yourself to the level of the students. They are still children, and we need to tolerate them."