Chapter 112

"Do whatever you want, I'm done."

Li Mu didn't like to force girls to drink, but he wasn't against it either. Thus, he casually said that and downed the wine.

Zhao Ziqiu smiled faintly, tilted his head back and downed the wine.

"It's cold, be careful not to hurt your stomach." Li Mu kindly reminded.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu with interest and asked, "Why aren't you careful?"

Li Mu smiled indifferently, "I'm a man."

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips and said, "So what if you're a man?

Can't men and women be equal when it comes to drinking cold drinks? "

Li Mu saw Zhao Ziqiu roll her eyes and felt that this long-legged beauty had a bit of character, so he said in a low voice, "I'm thinking for you. Men don't have 'good friends'."

Li Mu had a girlfriend in his previous life who loved to eat all kinds of cold things, including ice cream and ice cream. She would even order cold drinks when she went out to eat in winter. However, the price was also very high. It was always painful when she had her period, but after a few days of pain, she still didn't change.

It was also at that time that Li Mu learned that women shouldn't eat cold things and drink cold drinks during their period. Moreover, in order not to aggravate the degree of menstrual pain, she should try not to touch cold things even at other times.

When Zhao Ziqiu heard the word 'good friend' from Li Mu, she immediately became a little embarrassed. There were many ways for girls to address their period, such as period, aunt, good friend, and so on. Thus, she naturally knew what Li Mu meant. Although she knew that he meant well, she still felt a little uncomfortable when a guy mentioned 'good friend' to her.

Li Yawei, who was at the side, didn't hear the first half of their conversation. He only vaguely heard Li Mu say that he didn't have any good friends. He was a bit dizzy from drinking, so he immediately put on a serious face and grabbed Li Mu's neck, shouting, "Li Mu, how can you say that you don't have any good friends?

I, Li Yawei, am your good friend!

And the other four brothers in Room 606. Although we just met, we'll be living together for four years, so we're all your good friends! "

Li Mu felt that his face was already full of black lines, and Zhao Ziqiu was also convulsing with laughter. The goddess covered her mouth and giggled, causing the hearts of her roommates to ripple, and they were all mesmerized.

Everyone was asking Zhao Ziqiu what she was laughing about. Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu for a moment and said, "Li Mu secretly told me a joke just now …"

The five people from Dorm 606 looked at Li Mu with eyes full of envy. Although Li Mu did not speak much, his flirting skills were simply off the charts. They did not even see him speak much, but he was already able to make the goddess-like Zhao Ziqiu blush.

The other girls egged him on and said, "Li Mu, what joke did you tell Ziqiu? Tell us!"

Li Mu looked at Zhao Ziqiu. Although there was no blame in his eyes, Zhao Ziqiu still secretly stuck out her tongue guiltily.

Li Mu had no choice but to smile at the crowd. He immediately searched for countless jokes in his head, picked one, and said to the others, "

"A young man asked the monk in the temple, 'Master, I have a goal, I'm determined, I'm motivated, I'm honest and talented. Why can't I find a partner until now?'

After the monk heard this, he didn't say a word and brought him to the courtyard. A few plum trees in the courtyard were silently exuding their fragrance.

The young man was very inspired and said, 'The fragrance of plum blossoms comes from the bitter cold … Master!

Are you trying to tell me that I can get what I want as long as I keep working hard? '

The master shook his head and said, 'In front of plum blossoms (no money), what the hell are you talking about?'

As soon as Li Mu's joke came out, the other eleven people at the table looked at each other. Only Zhao Ziqiu suddenly laughed out loud. "Haha, in front of plum blossoms … how can there be such a bad monk!"

The others were very surprised. Han Xiaoxiao couldn't help but ask, "Ziqiu, did I not understand or what?

Does the last sentence have anything to do with the previous sentence? "

Zhao Ziqiu giggled for a while. After she calmed down, she said to Han Xiaoxiao and the others, "It's in front of plum blossoms. It's a homonym for no money."

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu said this, everyone suddenly understood. They originally thought it would be a story of a monk using philosophy to inspire people. They didn't expect that the monk was actually so unreliable. After thinking about it again, they immediately smiled and nodded.

Li Mu shook his head and said, "It seems that this joke is not suitable to be told verbally."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled slightly. "It's not your fault. The main thing is that they didn't realize it. I think it's quite good."

The boys and girls' party lasted until nine o 'clock in the evening. The boys from Room 606 drank too much and even said that they wanted to go to KTV. However, the girls from Yanjing University's female dormitory said that they still had to wake up early the next morning. The opening ceremony of Yanjing University's military training camp was set at seven o' clock in the morning.

The boys from Room 606 showed off their style and sent the six girls all the way to the dormitory. Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao hugged and kissed goodbye. Li Yawei said in an extremely mushy tone, "My baby wife, I will miss you. I will text you tonight."

Han Xiaoxiao giggled. "If there's nothing, you can call the dormitory's number. It's cheap."

The other ten people looked at the pair hugging each other and couldn't help but feel a little awkward. The boss of Room 606, Sun Jian, seemed to be chatting with a short-haired girl from Han Xiaoxiao's dormitory tonight. At this moment, they were exchanging phone and QQ numbers.

Hu Zhengdao chatted with a girl, but the awkward thing was that he didn't have a phone and was too embarrassed to ask for her number.

Only Li Mu and Liu Nian didn't talk much. Liu Nian sat there in a daze. It was obvious that he wasn't used to this kind of situation and was a little shy in front of the girls. Li Mu, on the other hand, stood at the side with his head down and texted. Chen Wan texted him to ask what he did today, and Li Mu reported truthfully.

"Li Mu, is your girlfriend checking up on you?" Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu kept his head down and was playing with his phone, so she asked curiously.

Li Mu raised his head and answered casually, "My sister. She goes to school in Shanghai."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded lightly and said cheerfully, "Let's exchange numbers. If you have any good jokes in the future, you can send them to me. It'll make me happy."

As Zhao Ziqiu spoke, she looked at Li Mu's big eyes. Li Mu was surprised. Could it be that Zhao Ziqiu had taken a fancy to him?

That didn't seem too reasonable. Although his looks were worthy of the audience, a goddess like Zhao Ziqiu, with her long legs and big breasts, should have seen countless handsome men. He probably couldn't even be ranked above average, right?

However, although Li Mu was surprised, he still readily exchanged numbers with Zhao Ziqiu.

After Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao were done, the six people from Room 606 started to head back. On the way back, Sun Jian looked at Li Mu enviously and said, "Li Mu, that Zhao Ziqiu seems to be interested in you!"

Xue Jianfeng took out a cigarette and handed one to Sun Jian and Li Mu respectively. "I also think that she's interested in Li Mu. She's been chasing after Li Mu the whole night."

Li Yawei smiled. "Li Mu, why don't I get my wife to help you ask Zhao Ziqiu? If she's really interested in you, then you should hurry up and chase after her. For a girl like Zhao Ziqiu, who knows how many men will swarm around her like flies after the military training!"

When the freshmen entered the school, the seniors of the other years had not yet started their classes. During the military training, everyone wore green military uniforms and green military hats. Even the prettiest of beauties would be discounted. Once the military training was over, the freshmen who were freed from their shackles would usually dress up twice as much to make up for their shortcomings. At that time, there would be a large number of beautifully dressed freshmen competing with each other. The seniors would also flock to them like wild dogs that had been starved for many years.

Under normal circumstances, the freshmen would be at a disadvantage. Since they had just entered the school, they hadn't had the time to familiarize themselves with their new roommates, the new school, and the new environment. Thus, they didn't have the time to attack the beauties of the same batch. By the time they reacted, the girls around them would have already been harvested by the seniors in the second year and above. Hence, they could only hold it in and wait until they became seniors next year before snatching the girls from the freshmen. Thus, it formed a vicious cycle.

Li Yawei's advice to Li Mu was based on this kind of university practice. When it came to a goddess-like beauty like Zhao Ziqiu, one must strike first to gain the upper hand. If he hesitated even a little, others might snatch her away from him.

Li Mu smiled and asked, "She only said a few more words to me at this dinner. Does that mean she's interested in me?"

Li Yawei asked, "Isn't that enough?"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. "Come on, it's the first time we've met. It's just a few more words. It doesn't mean anything. Can we not think too highly of ourselves?"

Xue Jianfeng egged him on. "Aiya, just give it a try. If it doesn't work out, you won't lose anything. If it really works out, you'll be able to fall in love with such a beautiful woman. You'll basically have no regrets during your four years in university!"

Unexpectedly, Li Mu waved his hand. "But I don't want to fall in love for the time being. Let's talk about it later."

"F * ck!" Li Yawei asked in surprise, "What do you want to do if you don't want to fall in love in university?"

Li Mu said casually, "There are too many things I want to do. Let's take it slow."

"F * ck!"