Chapter 1527

Li Mu didn't expect that the richest man in the world, Bill Gates, would come to London to attend such a party. But on second thought, wasn't he here as well?

He was now only one step away from becoming the richest man in the world by going public. Once he took that step, his real net worth might double that of Bill Gates.

Maybe Bill Gates would be just as surprised if he knew he was coming.

After quickly passing through the customs, Li Mu and his team drove out of the airport in a mighty manner.

As soon as the motorcade left the airport, a number of police cars and motorcycles immediately joined the formation, escorting them from the front and back, driving all the way to South London.

Li Mu didn't like the weather in London very much. Although it was cool, it was gloomy and the air was wet, as if it had just rained.

Steve Johnson said to Li Mu, "It often rains in London, which is very different from the weather in Yan Jing. There are fewer sunny days than in Yan Jing, and the air is more humid than in Yan Jing."

Li Mu asked him curiously, "You've lived in Yan Jing before?"

"I stayed in Yan Jing for a while a long time ago."

Steve Johnson smiled and said, "Many people don't like London's frequent rainy and humid weather. But then again, the royal families of the Middle East simply love London's frequent rainy weather. If you get to know them, you'll find that they love rain and snow the most. The royal families who clamor to go out when it rains are basically all from the Middle East."

Li Mu nodded and chuckled. "The more they lack something, the more they love it. It's just like the northernmost people in Hua Xia like to spend the winter in the southernmost part of Hua Xia, and even buy property."

"Yes!"

Steve Johnson said with a smile. "I've lived in London for a long time, and I especially like cities with dry weather. Yan Jing is one of them, but the air quality is a little bad."

The two chatted along the way, and it began to drizzle outside the car window.

The convoy traveled at a speed of about 90 kilometers per hour on the closed highway for more than an hour. At this time, there was no trace of the city on both sides of the road. Instead, there were large patches of green land, forests, small hills, and a castle hidden in the dense forest.

Steve Johnson told Li Mu, "This area is actually part of Oxfordshire. There are hundreds of castles and manors around here that have been around for hundreds of years. The smaller ones are no more than tens of thousands of square meters, while the bigger ones include castles and manors, covering an area of thousands of acres."

Li Mu had heard of ancient castles in the UK. He smiled and asked, "I heard that when you buy an ancient castle in the UK, you have to follow the country's regulations and maintain and repair it regularly?"

Steve Johnson nodded and said, "That's true. That's why the original owners of many castles have sold their castles in the past few decades. Most of the people who inherited castles and manors from their ancestors could hardly afford the huge expenses of the castles. So, many of the castles were bought by some new overseas tycoons."

Speaking of this, Steve Johnson said, "There are three places in the world where the tycoons like the UK the most. These three places are the Middle East, India, and Russia. The top tycoons of these countries basically live in the UK, so many of the castles and manors around here are in their hands. If you're interested, Li Zong, you can also buy a suitable manor here."

Li Mu shook his head and said with a smile, "I'll pass. It's hard for a commoner like me to adapt to this old-money lifestyle."

…

The motorcade drove out of the highway and drove on an extremely smooth asphalt road in the countryside. When the car drove on such a road, there was almost no vibration in the suspension. It was quiet and comfortable. The curvature of the corners and the ups and downs of the road were very well designed. When the car was driving at a high speed, it could ensure that people sitting in the car did not feel any discomfort. This surprised Li Mu very much.

Moreover, this asphalt road had two lanes in both directions. It was not wide, but fortunately, there were no cars along the way. The scenery on both sides of the road was also very good. Even the trees on the side of the road were very uniform. The left and right sides were symmetrical and spaced at the same distance. They were even trimmed symmetrically.

According to Steve Johnson, the length of this road was about three miles, almost five kilometers. It was the private road of the Goldberg Manor. That was to say, there was only one destination on this road, and that was the Goldberg Manor.

What made Li Mu even more incredulous was that the land on both sides of the road was owned by the Goldberg family. However, most of this area was not included in the area of the Goldberg Manor. Instead, the Goldberg family owned it in the form of farmland, grassland, woodland, horse farms, and golf courses.

Li Mu couldn't help but sigh. He used to think that the lives of the rich in China were already very luxurious, but he didn't expect that the lives of the rich in Britain were even more luxurious. Not only did they have their own private manors, but they also had their own private roads.

A few minutes later, the motorcade began to slow down. Steve Johnson said to Li Mu, "We're almost there."

Li Mu shifted his gaze from the side of the road to the front of the car. He could already see a huge castle complex in front of the road from a distance.

As the car got closer, the appearance of the building complex became clearer. The castle complex was in the shape of an inverted "concave" shape, and it was very large. The main color of the building complex was rose gold, and the color scheme was elegant. From the color, it didn't look like an ancient building with a history of a hundred years. Instead, it looked as if it was newly built.

The entrance to the entire manor was a huge and solemn stone arch. The black door with golden sculptures was open on both sides. The width of the arch was enough for most vehicles to drive through.

The motorcade did not stop and quickly passed through the arch. As soon as they entered the arch, the scenery inside the manor suddenly became clear. The castle complex was right in front of them, about a kilometer away. At this time, on both sides of the road, there were neat green lawns like football fields. In the middle of the arch and the castle, there was a huge sculpture fountain that formed an island.

Looking into the distance, the lawn seemed to stretch as far as the eye could see. The lawn on the left was relatively flat, and there were several groups of horses of different colors galloping on the lawn in the distance. One could see that on each of the horses was a person wearing a black equestrian suit and a black helmet.

On the right, there were a few small hills extending into the distance. From a distance, one could see sparse white caravans moving around. It seemed to be a golf course.

After the motorcade bypassed the island formed by the fountain, they went straight to the inverted "concave" shape of the castle complex. In the middle of the inverted "concave" shape was a large square. The square was completely empty. Apart from the carriageway on both sides, there were also multi-level plants designed on the roadside. All kinds of plants were designed in a very orderly manner, exquisite and grand.

In addition, there were all kinds of sculptures around the plants, looking very artistic.

The motorcade drove in from the left, and after a 90-degree turn, it stopped in front of the main castle. Looking at the main castle from a close distance, one had to crane their neck to see the main entrance. Eight huge round stone pillars stood tall, supporting the top of the entire gate, which was estimated to be at least 20 meters high.

After the motorcade stopped, more than ten men in black suits and white gloves opened the doors on the left and right of the eight cars in a uniform manner.

The car that Li Mu was in was parked at the forefront, and when the door was opened, it faced the entrance. A British gentleman in his thirties opened the door for him, one hand holding the door, the other hand blocking the top of the door.

As soon as Li Mu got out of the car, more than ten men and women with European faces walked out from the opposite gate. If it wasn't for the Rolls-Royce behind him, Li Mu would have thought that he had traveled to the end of the 19th century just by looking at these people's clothes.

There were men and women among the more than ten people, and the men were dressed very formally. Not only did they wear full suits, shirts, and ties, but they also wore exquisite waistcoats and black top hats. The outer pocket of the left suit was neatly stuffed with white handkerchiefs, and above the handkerchiefs, there was an exquisite men's corsage.

As for the women among these people, they were even more particular about their dressing. The older ones all wore small suits and mid-skirt suits of various colors, from various jewelry to corsage, to all kinds of hats and headwear. Everything was so exquisite that it was almost cumbersome. The younger women were just a little simpler. They didn't wear suits and skirts, but a full set of dresses, but other jewelry and headwear were not neglected at all.

In contrast, Li Mu's dressing was much more casual. He just followed the normal social etiquette and wore formal wear, which was a suit, shirt, tie, and leather shoes. As for the rest, he didn't even have a watch.

At this time, Steve Johnson had already gotten out of the car from the other side and quickly walked around to Li Mu. The dozen people just happened to walk in front of him.

At the front was an old man, who looked to be in his sixties.

When the old man was two or three meters away from Li Mu, he had already stretched out his hands and came to Li Mu. He said enthusiastically, "Mr. Lee, welcome to the Goldberg Manor. I am the current manager of the Goldberg family, Davidson Goldberg."

Li Mu shook hands with him politely and said politely, "It's a great honor to be a guest in your manor."

Davidson Goldberg said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, please allow me to introduce my family to you."

Li Mu nodded. Davidson Goldberg first introduced a silver-haired woman standing next to him. He said, "This is my wife, Jenny Goldberg."

According to British etiquette, when meeting a woman, one should hug them gently and touch their cheeks. Therefore, Li Mu bent down slightly and touched the silver-haired woman's cheeks lightly.

Then, Davidson Goldberg introduced him to other members of the Goldberg family, including Davidson Goldberg's eldest son, William Goldberg, his nephew, Andrew Goldberg, his eldest grandson, John Goldberg, and his eldest granddaughter, Wendy Goldberg.

When introducing Wendy Goldberg, Davidson made a special introduction. "Mr. Lee, Wendy is 22 years old this year and has already graduated from the University of Cambridge. She is very interested in the culture of the Hua Xia and has always said that she wants to study at the Hua Xia University and specialize in the Hua Xia language and culture. You are all young people, so you should get to know each other better."

Wendy Goldberg's appearance was particularly familiar to Li Mu. She looked at least 80% similar to the famous Hollywood actress Scarlett Johansson, but not as wild as she looked. On the contrary, Wendy Goldberg looked rather intellectual and beautiful. After all, she was a top student from a top university, so her temperament was indeed very different from that of an actress.