Chapter 268

On the way back, Zhao Ziqiu held the black Polaroid photo in her hand.

Li Mu drove to Wang Yanan and her mother's apartment first. He wanted to send them home first, then send Zhao Ziqiu back to Beijing University, and finally go back to school with Hu Zhengdao. However, Wang Yanan said, "Beijing University is just nearby. Why don't you send Ziqiu back to her dormitory first? Zheng Dao will accompany me and my mother upstairs. After you send Ziqiu back, you two can go back to school together."

Li Mu agreed. The five of them said goodbye outside the unit. Li Mu stopped the car and sent Zhao Ziqiu back to Beijing University.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't say much on the way. Li Mu also felt that the atmosphere was a little awkward, so he walked in silence most of the time. When they arrived at Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory, she turned around, waved the photo in her hand, and said to Li Mu, "Thank you. This is the best gift I have ever received."

Li Mu was slightly touched. The last time a girl said something similar to him was when he developed the photo on Ginkgo Avenue and gave it to Su Yingxue. Coincidentally, both women said the same thing, and the reason was also the photo.

Li Mu said, "It's good that you like it. It's getting late. Hurry up."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. She wanted to say something but gave up. She just said in a daze, "Be careful on the way back."

They said goodbye. Li Mu and Hu Zhengdao met up and went back to the National People's Congress together.

In the car, Hu Zhengdao said, "Ziqiu came very early today and hasn't left."

Li Mu nodded but didn't say anything. Hu Zhengdao said again, "Yanan said she was waiting for you. I think so too."

Li Mu asked him, "Is that why you called me to rent a car and take Auntie to Chang 'an Street?"

"Yes." Hu Zhengdao said, "I didn't want to trouble you."

Li Mu said, "This isn't trouble at all. In the future, don't treat me like an outsider."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Ziqiu treats you so well …"

Li Mu was speechless. It seemed that both of them were deliberately trying to change the topic.

Hu Zhengdao saw that Li Mu didn't reply, so he said, "I've spoken too much. You're much more knowledgeable than any of us. I'm sure you already have a plan for this kind of thing."

Li Mu didn't say anything. In fact, he didn't have any plans. Other than his career, everything else was a mess.

…

The next day.

Li Mu didn't go anywhere. He was chatting with his buddies in the dormitory while waiting for two news. One was whether Chen Kun was willing to join the cast.

The other was whether Du Wei's sister, who was far away in the US, was willing to let Du Wei play the female lead after reading the script of "Oldboys."

Before lunch, Li Mu received a call from Ning Hao. Ning Hao said in a slightly exaggerated voice, "Hello.

Is this Boss Li? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "If you have something to say, say it quickly …"

Before Li Mu could finish, Ning Hao interrupted, "That, Chen Kun agreed. His management company also agreed. We can sign the contract at any time. I'll check with you. If there's no problem, I'll sign the contract after lunch."

"Isn't he in Shanghai?" Li Mu asked in surprise, "He came back early?"

Ning Hao said, "No. I'll just go to their management company and sign the contract.

I'll go directly to their management company and sign the contract. Oh right, after signing the contract, I'll have to pay 50% of the pay three days before filming starts. "

"No problem."

Li Mu said, "Hurry up and get yourself a mobile phone. Get rid of your pager, so you don't have to call public phones all day long."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "That won't delay things. If I have something to talk to you, I'll call your mobile phone. If you have something to talk to me, call me.

Call me and I'll call you back within five minutes. "

Li Mu said, "If I ask you to buy one, just buy one. Buy one that costs around a thousand yuan and bring the receipt to me for reimbursement."

Ning Hao said, "That's not very appropriate …"

Li Mu scolded, "Look at you.

I'm sponsoring a mobile phone, but you don't even dare to accept it. If I really gave you a few million to film a movie, would you dare to accept it? "

Ning Hao was anxious and blurted out, "I'll go buy a mobile phone after signing the contract!"

Satisfied, Li Mu said, "Come to the National People's Congress in the evening to find me. We'll decide on the shooting schedule."

Ning Hao asked him, "Has the female lead been confirmed?"

Li Mu said, "There should be a letter before evening. It doesn't matter if there's a letter or not.

Let's decide first. If it doesn't work, we'll change the female lead. I think Wang Luodan, a freshman from your university, is not bad. "

Ning Hao exclaimed, "Big brother, where did you meet her?

Why haven't I heard of her? "

Li Mu said, "A buddy recommended her, but I still hope that the girl in my heart will play the role."

Ning Hao said, "Okay, let's talk face to face in the evening."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu began to worry. Du Wei had said that she would reply to him as soon as possible, but there was still no news until now. He had contacted her once yesterday, and she said that there should be a result during the day. Li Mu looked at the time. It was already half past eleven in the evening in New York. Normal people would be asleep by then. He reckoned that there would be an 80% chance that it would be another day.

If Du Wei really couldn't do it, then the second candidate in Li Mu's mind would be Wang Luodan. In his previous life, this actress should have been admitted to Yanjing Film Academy in 2001. Although she had acted in a few movies between 2004 and 2006, they were all unremarkable supporting roles. It was not until 2007 when she played the second female lead in "Struggle" that she became famous. In Li Mu's eyes, Wang Luodan was an actress with more characteristics. Although she was not very beautiful, when she first debuted, she did have a youthful spirit. Unfortunately, after she became famous, she went the wrong way and did not maintain the characteristics of her performance in "Struggle". In the end, Bai Baihe took advantage of the situation and replaced her, causing her to fall into an awkward situation that was neither popular nor popular.

Li Mu had not seen Wang Luodan in 2001, but he felt that she was more suitable for this role. If Du Wei really couldn't do it, then he could only look for Wang Luodan.

Sun Jian, Hu Zhengdao, and Liu Nian all had homeschooling lessons in the afternoon. Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei were going to the internet cafe to play "Legend of Mir". Li Mu followed them to the internet cafe for a while and entered a local Cs game absentmindedly to kill time while waiting for news from Du Wei.

Du Wei was also very anxious at this moment.

From the bottom of her heart, she really wanted to take on Li Mu's micro movie. Not only because of the simple plan and Zhang Kexuan, but also because the plot of the movie had moved her. However, her sister, who was on the other side of the ocean, didn't feel the same way. The moment she finished reading the script, she gave it a comment: "Unbearably tacky."

Just as Li Mu was most worried about, Du Wei's sister was a downright artistic youth, and she was a high-class artistic youth. Li Mu's route of using dreams and youth to stir up emotions was too common for her, who had lived in the United States for many years. She didn't want her sister to star in this kind of movie. Or rather, she didn't want her sister to come into contact with the film industry at all.

Du Wei knew her sister too well. She always liked to deny the public's opinion to show that she was different from others. For example, in her eyes, the classic movie "Titanic" was a tacky romance movie. Only "Casabianca" was an immortal romance movie. If she looked down on "Titanic", how could she look up to Li Mu's 40-minute micro movie script?

However, Du Wei wanted to give it a try. She kept saying good things to her sister, trying to change her prejudice against "Old Boys", but it seemed to have no effect.

Du Wei tried to let her sister listen to "Old Boys" first, hoping that the song would move her first. Unexpectedly, her sister replied on QQ, "You study music, why are you interested in this kind of pop music?"

Du Wei said, "I like pop music more … Besides, this song is so well written, and the lyrics are so inspirational …"

Her sister snorted and said, "I only like Etta James when it comes to music."

Du Wei was speechless. She felt a little regretful. If she had known this would happen, she wouldn't have told her sister about this. She would have acted first and reported later. However, she had been used to asking for her sister's opinion all these years. She had never done anything that her sister didn't allow.

Her sister, who was far away on the other side of the ocean, sent a final message, saying, "Weiwei, it's already one o 'clock at night. I'm really sleepy, so I'm going to sleep first. Don't think about making a movie. Finish your university in peace. If you really want to be an actress in the future, I can introduce you to Hollywood. There are more opportunities here than in China, and I also know many friends in the Hollywood film industry."

Du Wei cursed unhappily in her heart. She didn't doubt that her sister really knew a few Hollywood friends in the United States, but she clearly knew that Hollywood was not a good place for Chinese people. Up until now, the only Chinese movie stars who had made a name for themselves in Hollywood were Jackie Chan and Jet Li, and they were both action stars. No matter how many movies other Chinese acted in in Hollywood, they would only be A-list supporting characters. It was impossible for them to have a good opportunity.

Moreover, Du Wei's aesthetic standards were not quite the same as her sister's. Her sister felt that "Old Boys" was lousy, but she felt that this micro film was not bad at all. On the contrary, it contained a lot of logic.

The song "Old Boys" had already encouraged countless people. If the movie was made, who knew how much of an inspirational effect it would have on the masses. Such a meaningful thing, Du Wei really didn't want to miss it.

After hesitating for an hour, Du Wei picked up her phone and called Li Mu.

Just as Li Mu was in a daze going through the tunnel at the top of the warehouse in Counterstrike, he was suddenly shot in the head by a police officer who jumped in.

Just when he was feeling depressed, Du Wei's call came.

Li Mu hurriedly picked up the phone and asked, "Xiaowei, how is it?"

Du Wei hesitated for a moment and said, "My sister doesn't agree …"

Li Mu was instantly disappointed. This feeling was as if the girl he loved had finally rejected him.

However, Du Wei immediately said, "Although my sister doesn't agree, I still want to give it a try!"

Li Mu suddenly became energetic and asked, "Really?"