Chapter 1799

On the other side, Du Wei rushed home and told her father that she had settled Leonardo. Her father had just breathed a sigh of relief when the Japanese army arrived with the puppet troops.

The Japanese asked everyone in the village to gather at the village entrance. First, they asked if anyone had found the Flying Tigers pilot. After the villagers shook their heads, the Japanese soldiers and the puppet troops immediately began to search every house.

They were not stupid like many Japanese war dramas, where they could not find people hiding anywhere.

On the contrary, they searched for the Flying Tigers in this film with the same degree of thoroughness that the German SS searched for Jews in "Schindler's List", using every means possible.

In fact, the real war was just that cruel.

In Schindler's List, if the German SS suspected that someone might be hiding under the floor, they would not even open the door. Instead, they would fire hundreds of bullets.

They would even sneak into the buildings where the Jews lived at night and use stethoscopes to eavesdrop on the movements in the mezzanines. Once they found someone, they would immediately catch them and shoot them on the spot.

Originally, the Jewish refugees seemed to be able to escape the search of the Dang Guard Army, but in fact, 99% of them couldn't escape the search of the Dang Guard Army. They were found and brutally killed.

In contrast, many anti-Japanese war dramas, where people could hide in a pile of firewood and fool the Japanese soldiers, did not respect history and the real situation of the war.

In the Flying Tigers film, Spielberg used a similar method to Schindler's List.

In order to find Leonardo, the Japanese soldiers did not miss any details. If there was a pile of firewood, they would first shoot it, then stab it with their bayonets. Then, they would completely open the pile of firewood to see if there was anyone inside.

The cowshed was dark, and the stone trough to feed the cows was big enough for a person to lie down. So, the Japanese soldiers threw two grenades in, killing the cows in the cowshed and causing it to collapse.

When they saw a well, no matter if it was dry or not, they would throw a grenade in to make sure nothing went wrong.

As for the cellars dug by the farmers, they would throw grenades first and wait for the grenades to explode before going down to check.

The Japanese searched all night until dawn. They turned the whole village upside down, but they couldn't find any trace of the Flying Tigers pilot. Only then did they believe that the villagers didn't harbor the Flying Tigers pilot. They angrily went to the next village to search.

In order to vent the hatred in his heart, the Japanese officer pulled out the most respected elder in the village and shot him to death without hesitation before retreating. In his words, "I killed him to remind you that in the future, if you encounter any Flying Tigers pilots who parachute to land, you should take the initiative to capture them and hand them over to the Imperial Army instead of letting them search for you!"

The old man's son was so angry that he wanted to take revenge on the Japanese officer, but he was stabbed in the chest by two guards next to him with bayonets.

A few days after the Japanese troops retreated, Leonardo hid in the hidden cave. Every day, his motivation was to wait for Du Wei to bring him food.

Every time Du Wei came over, he would try to communicate with her passionately. When she was at a loss, he would say all kinds of mushy but incomparably firm words of love.

Du Wei seemed to be able to feel some kind of desire behind his passion, so she was always a little evasive.

A few days later, he used the fountain pen that the pilot carried with him to write a diary entry. In the diary, he described that he had fallen deeply in love with this girl, Hua Xia, who didn't understand English. He really wanted to confess to her, but he didn't know how to say it in Chinese. The Flying Tigers only taught them a few Chinese words, but they were all related to the war and had nothing to do with love.

In the diary, he prayed that he could live until the end of the war, because he knew that if he wanted to be with this girl, he had to wait until the day the Japanese announced their surrender.

…

After the news passed, Du Wei's father personally came to the cave. He told Leonardo that the Japanese search was over, and that he was going to take him through the Japanese-occupied areas overnight to return to the Flying Tigers.

Leonardo only understood the words "Flying Tigers," but he was keenly aware that his father was going to send him back.

However, he looked left and right, but he couldn't see Du Wei.

He anxiously asked in English, "Sir, may I ask where your daughter is?"

Of course, Du Wei's father didn't understand, so he urged him to hurry up and leave with him. Otherwise, it would be difficult to leave when the sun rose.

Leonardo had no choice but to follow him.

The two of them hurried through the night, and finally passed through the Japanese-occupied areas at dawn. Then, they found another underground worker hiding in the village.

Du Wei's father told Leonardo that he could only take him this far, and that the underground worker would take him the rest of the way.

Leonardo realized that he was about to leave, so he hurriedly wrote a note in English. There were only two sentences on it: "I love you. Marry me when the war is over."

At the bottom of the note was his name.

He stuffed the note into Du Wei's father's hands, and then gestured as if he was combing his hair long. He said, "Please make sure to pass this to your daughter."

It took Du Wei's father a few times to understand what he meant, and he took the note.

Then, with the help of many local people and underground workers, Leonardo finally returned to the Flying Tigers' base.

Tom Hanks and Liu Ye were extremely excited because of his return.

Leonardo then went back to his daily routine of training, combat, and combat.

However, he couldn't forget about Du Wei. He even drew Du Wei's portrait on a piece of paper and stuck it next to the instrument of his plane.

During take-off training, he would look at Du Wei's portrait. During take-off combat, he would also look at Du Wei's portrait, his eyes warm and determined.

On the other hand, Liu Ye, who always took off and fought with him, had eyes filled with hatred for his country. He ignored Anne Hathaway, who was always looking at him from a corner on the ground.

Although the two of them were comrades, the way they treated the opposite sex was a stark contrast.

Soon, the plot reached a new peak.

In order to wipe out the Flying Tigers in one fell swoop, the Japanese Air Force gathered a large number of air forces and prepared to kill the Flying Tigers in one battle.

The entire Flying Tigers took to the sky to meet the enemy. The longest, largest, and most shocking aerial battle in the entire movie finally began.

Many of the aerial combat scenes were shot with real cameras, and the special effects in the post-production were also so detailed that it made one's hair stand on end. The scenes were heroic and tragic.

Liu Ye and Leonardo's eyes were bloodshot. They desperately fought with the Japanese Air Force's fighter jets, using all their strength to kill the enemy. Both of their fighter jets suffered many injuries.

However, in this battle, the Flying Tigers had nowhere to retreat. If they lost, the entire Flying Tigers would disappear completely. Therefore, Hua Xia and the American pilots gave their all.

The Japanese Air Force was the same. They also suffered a large number of casualties. Some Japanese pilots saw their comrades explode in the air with their own eyes. Then, they hysterically shouted for revenge in Japanese and rushed towards the Flying Tigers' planes without a care for anything else.

At this moment, it was as if the two sides were fighting hand to hand on the ground. From time to time, planes would be shot, explode, and crash. The entire sky was a mess.

Liu Ye was shot again in the midst of fighting with the Japanese Air Force. But this time, a large caliber bullet pierced through the side of the plane. After piercing through the body of the plane, it created a walnut-sized bloody hole in his abdomen.

Blood gushed out of this bloody hole like a fountain.

The other bullets hit the nose of the plane. The engine emitted a burst of black smoke and a violent vibration.

Leonardo only saw the nose of Liu Ye's plane emitting smoke. He immediately used the on-board radio and said to Liu Ye, "Li, your plane has been shot. Quickly leave the battlefield and prepare to parachute. I'll cover you!"

At this time, because he had been shot, Liu Ye's body was pale and his face was covered in sweat. He knew that he was going to die. Through the on-board radio, he said to Leonardo in English, "I've been hit. I can't go back."

Leonardo shouted, "Of course I know you've been hit. I can see that your engine is smoking. For God's sake, while it's still spinning, I'll cover you and evacuate the battlefield. Fly towards 6 o 'clock. When you parachute, try to stay as far away from the Japanese Air Force as possible."

At this time, Liu Ye said, "Dean, not only was my plane shot, I was also shot."

Leonardo's body and expression froze. He was so flustered that he stuttered, "You … you … you … where were you shot?"

After saying that, without waiting for Liu Ye to reply, he continued to ramble on, "But it's okay that you were shot. Did you forget that the beautiful nurse in the hospital really likes you?

She'll definitely do everything she can to cure you.

To be honest, Li, I was really f * cking envious of you before. That nurse was really beautiful. I was always wondering why she liked you and not me. But now, I'm not envious of you anymore … "

"Why?"

Liu Ye controlled the plane to fly into the enemy's flank. He smiled weakly and asked, "Is it because of the girl next to your dashboard?"

"Sh * t!" Leonardo instantly tensed up. "You peeked at my angel!"

Liu Ye smiled and said, "Sorry, I couldn't help but take a peek out of curiosity."

Leonardo wanted to say something, but at this time, he suddenly realized that Liu Ye had rushed into the enemy's group. He was instantly shocked and shouted, "F * ck!

Li, are you f * cking crazy?

You want to fight one against five?

Hurry up and roll out of here! "

Liu Ye was completely focused on controlling the smoking plane. Looking at the approaching Japanese planes, he said, "Dean, help me tell Jenny that I'm very grateful for her feelings for me. If I met her during peaceful times, I would definitely propose to her and marry her. But now that our country is in ruins, as the daughter of Hua Xia, I cannot have any personal feelings. Please thank her for me."

Leonardo scolded hysterically, "Are you f * cking crazy?!

You should tell her these words yourself, I'm not going to f * cking help you pass it on! "

At this time, Liu Ye was already exchanging fire with the incoming Japanese plane. But Liu Ye was one man and one plane, so it was difficult for him to fight against five people and five planes. Very quickly, his plane was hit in many places.

Just as the plane was about to explode, the smoking nose of the plane suddenly pulled up. Liu Ye turned on the machine gun, and a tongue of fire instantly spewed out, hitting the Japanese plane in front of him. The enemy pilot was hit by several bullets and died with his eyes wide open.

At this time, the pilots in the other Japanese planes almost went berserk. They roared at the same time, "Watabi-kun!" Then they all shot wildly at Liu Ye's shattered plane.

With a boom, Liu Ye's plane exploded in the air.

With this explosion, the camera switched to Chen Nault, who was on the ground. He could no longer see the battlefield, but for some reason, the cigar in his hand still fell to the ground.

Anne Hathaway was in the hospital preparing the first aid equipment for the doctor. The explosion caused the hemostatic forceps in her hand to instantly fall out of her hand …

Then, the camera turned back to the sky.

Liu Ye's plane had already completely disintegrated in the air. A burst of fire and billowing black smoke burst out, instantly scattering …

()

First set a small target, for example, 1 second. Remember: Booksellers