Chapter 664

Chen Wan was especially happy that Li Mu came to Xiangdu, but it was a pity that Li Mu's time was too tight and he could only stay in Xiangdu for less than 48 hours. Not only did she not have the opportunity to bring him around Xiangdu, but she also did not have the opportunity to let him stay with her for a few more days. Although she decided to accompany him back to Yanjing after recording the show, Chen Wan knew that Li Mu would be even busier back in Yanjing and would not have time to spend with her.

After resting at Chen Wan's house for a while, Chen Wan wanted to take Li Mu out to taste the local delicacies. She said that a good friend of her cousin opened a high-end private restaurant in Xiangdu that specialized in the most exquisite and authentic Xiangdu cuisine. It was very popular among the middle and upper class people in Xiangdu. Moreover, the restaurant was close to the Xiangjiang River. Not only was there delicious food, but there was also a beautiful river view at night. After eating, they could also take a walk along the river.

Li Mu teased her: "Haven't you seen enough of the river view in Jinling?"

Chen Wan smiled shyly: "It's not the same. Jinling's river view is magnificent and busy. It's not enough for living. Also, the Xiangjiang River is very quiet."

After saying that, she looked at Li Mu and said: "Moreover, it's because you are here. Otherwise, I wouldn't dare to go to the river at night."

At 6: 30 pm, the sky had just started to darken. Chen Wan urged Li Mu to pack up and get ready to go. Li Mu was just about to say that he could go out at any time and that there was no need to pack up when Chen Wan pulled him to the bedroom that was prepared for him. She took out a set of clothes from the closet and handed it to Li Mu: "Wear this when you go out."

Li Mu glanced at it and saw that Chen Wan was holding a dark gray V-neck T-shirt and blue jeans. It didn't look anything special. He looked down at his own clothes. It was a black round neck T-shirt and dark blue casual pants. It was simple and didn't seem to be any worse than Chen Wan's.

However, Chen Wan insisted that Li Mu change into the clothes that she had chosen. Li Mu could only go along with her wishes. After Chen Wan left, Li Mu changed into the new clothes that Chen Wan had bought. Only then did he realize that the biggest difference between this set of clothes and the clothes that he had worn before was that the upper body was too loose and the lower body was a little too slim.

Fortunately, Li Mu was not fat, and the slim jeans were just right for him, but he felt a little uncomfortable as it slightly wrapped around his legs. Although the T-shirt on his upper body was very comfortable, the V-neck was a little wider than the average V-neck T-shirt, exposing his collarbone.

After changing his clothes, Li Mu walked out of his room and went to the living room to look at himself in the mirror. Once in the living room, Chen Wan screamed in surprise. She ran to Li Mu and looked him up and down for a long time. She exclaimed, "It really fits!"

Li Mu looked down. "Really?

I feel like my pants are a little tight. "

"This is a slim fit."

Chen Wan circled around Li Mu's lower body and said, "British-style denim jeans. Not only is the color right, but the style is also super good. You look especially spirited when you wear it. Moreover, these aren't the very skinny leg-wrappers, they're British-style leg-wrappers. Paired with this T-shirt, you look so cool. It would be even better if your hair was a little longer. You'd definitely be a standard British-style handsome guy."

Li Mu purposely curled his lips. "I'm a big boss with a net worth of hundreds of millions. Is it really okay for you to dress me up like this?"

Chen Wan rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "What do you know? This is called fashion."

Li Mu nodded helplessly. In his heart, he naturally complied with her request. "Alright, fashion."

In order to match up with Li Mu, Chen Wan had also specially changed into a rather fashionable and casual Korean outfit. Her maroon curly hair was casually tied into a loose ponytail and she wore a baseball cap. She dressed like the Korean celebrity Lee Hyo Ri who had exploded in popularity in Taobao in 2008. It was still very fashionable at the moment, but fortunately, this outfit was too different from the one she usually wore on television. Coupled with a thin mask, there was basically no suspicion of being recognized.

When the two of them went out together, Chen Wan naturally held onto Li Mu's arm. Li Mu didn't feel awkward or awkward at all. When he was with Chen Wan, he could always find a special feeling of relaxation. This was extremely rare for a reborn person like him who had countless secrets in his heart.

Li Mu accompanied Chen Wan to eat and took a walk with her by the quiet river. From beginning to end, Chen Wan gently held onto Li Mu's arm with a smile on her face. Ever since Li Mu met her, he had rarely seen her so happy.

There was a gentle breeze by the Xiangjiang River. The cool breeze seemed to blow open every pore on the body. Chen Wan was tired from walking, so she stopped at a small cement pier. She smiled and asked Li Mu, "If you don't have anything to do tomorrow, why don't you come to the scene to watch me record the show?

You've tricked me into doing this for so long, but you still haven't seen me live, right? "

Li Mu didn't even think about it and nodded. "Alright, bring me with you tomorrow. I'll be your audience."

…

This was the first time Li Mu participated in the recording of a TV variety show. He acted as a live audience member at the recording studio of Happy Camp.

The official recording of the program would start at nine o 'clock in the morning, but Li Mu was pulled out of bed by Chen Wan at five-thirty in the morning. When the sleepy Li Mu saw Chen Wan in a pink spaghetti-strap nightgown with a skirt so short that it would make one's blood boil, his drowsiness immediately disappeared. In order to cover up the embarrassment on his body, Li Mu wore jeans and went out to wash his face and rinse his mouth. Chen Wan baked a few pieces of bread for Li Mu, fried an egg, and fed him with a glass of milk. Then she drove him to the recording studio of Happy Camp.

After getting in the car, Li Mu asked Chen Wan why she had to get up so early. Chen Wan told him that as long as there was a recording, she basically had to arrive at the studio before seven o 'clock. Then she would start to exchange lines with the other hosts and guests, and then put on makeup and change clothes. After that, she would start the recording as soon as the audience from all walks of life arrived at nine o' clock. Generally speaking, a recording of a show would take at least six hours, including mistakes and breaks in between. Sometimes, the time would be extended if she was not in a good state or had bad luck.

When Li Mu arrived at the recording studio with Chen Wan, it was not yet seven o 'clock. Chen Wan directly took Li Mu to the backstage and happened to meet Director Zhou Sheng, who had just arrived at the backstage. Zhou Sheng recognized Li Mu at once and was pleasantly surprised. He warmly invited Li Mu to sit in his lounge. Chen Wan happened to be going to prepare the script, so she said to Li Mu, "Then you talk with Director Zhou for a while. I'll come to you later."

Li Mu teased, "You tricked me into coming here early in the morning, and now you don't care about me anymore?"

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu with a doting expression and said with a smile, "Wait for a while, I'll come over later. Good boy."

The conversation between the two was quite natural, but in Zhou Sheng's eyes, it was standard flirting. He couldn't help but be surprised. He only knew that Li Mu and Chen Wan had a very good relationship, but he had never figured out what kind of relationship they had. Today, it seemed that there was some love between them.

Zhou Sheng invited Li Mu to his lounge and asked his assistant to bring two cups of coffee. Then he said to Li Mu like an old friend, "Li Zong, I've been wanting to meet you for so long, but I haven't been able to find a suitable opportunity. I didn't expect to see you here today."

Although Zhou Sheng had interacted with Li Mu many times about Chen Wan and Happy Base Camp, he had never seen Li Mu in person. Previously, it was always Ning Hao who came to talk to him on behalf of Li Mu. He didn't expect to be able to communicate directly with Li Mu with his identity, so suddenly seeing Li Mu backstage today really surprised him.

Li Mu didn't put on any airs and said humbly, "I've always wanted to meet you, Director Zhou, but I've been too busy and haven't had the chance."

Zhou Sheng said, "Li Zong is too polite." As he said that, he asked curiously, "Li Zong, when did you arrive in Xiangdu?"

Li Mu said, "Yesterday afternoon."

When Zhou Sheng heard this, he blurted out, "Miss Mo also arrived in Xiangdu yesterday afternoon. Could it be that the two of you came together?"

Li Mu didn't hide it and nodded. "That's right, I came together with her."

Zhou Sheng thought about it. He had long heard that Li Mu was coming to discuss cooperation with the station's leader, but he didn't know Li Mu's specific schedule. It turned out that he had already arrived yesterday afternoon, but no one received any news.

Thinking about it again, he came yesterday afternoon and appeared here with Chen Wan at seven this morning. This also meant that the two of them were most likely staying together last night. Oh my god, this was really explosive news.

He originally thought that Chen Wan's background was very strong. Not only was her family rich, she also had the full support of Makino Technology. Moreover, Happy Base Camp was able to stand out among the variety shows in the country because of YY's strong promotion. It could be said that Chen Wan's joining made Happy Base Camp take a qualitative leap. At first, Zhou Sheng was a little surprised. He didn't understand why Makino Technology would give Chen Wan such strong support, but now he understood the reason.

However, Zhou Sheng understood it very well. These days, most of the beautiful female celebrities found rich men, but no one could find a young and promising rich man like Li Mu. It seemed like he had to get closer to Chen Wan in the future. Although he was the director and she was the host, logically speaking, he was one level higher than her. However, Chen Wan had Li Mu behind her, which was equivalent to having the resources that all television stations and program directors dreamed of. If he wanted to make better use of this resource, he had to first maintain this layer of relationship with Chen Wan as much as possible.

Zhou Sheng and Li Mu chatted for a while. Li Mu's humility and friendliness surprised and surprised him. However, as time went by, more and more people came knocking on the door to discuss work with Zhou Sheng. Zhou Sheng could only apologize to Li Mu and go back to the work at hand. Fortunately, Chen Wan always found various opportunities to come and meet with Li Mu, helping Li Mu pass the boring time.

Before the program began, Happy Camp's director Zhou Sheng deliberately arranged a dark corner for Li Mu according to his request. He also instructed all the cameramen at the scene not to focus their cameras on Li Mu. Li Mu sat in that corner, keeping a low profile, watching the dignified and magnanimous Chen Wan and the other hosts go on stage together. As soon as Chen Wan went on stage, her eyes began to search the audience. Finally, she found Li Mu, and when their eyes met, Chen Wan took advantage of the fact that the cameras weren't around to secretly wink at Li Mu. She pouted slightly and gave him a kiss with her lips.

A casual and naughty action, but it made the heart of a man like Li Mu melt like a piece of candy, sweet and greasy.