Chapter 1159

Since Li Mu had prioritized the stockpiling of epidemic prevention materials, he immediately called Elon Musk in America after assigning the tasks to Liu Shixiong. It was time to make use of this buddy.

Elon Musk was especially excited when he received Li Mu's call. He said, "Mr. Li, you finally remembered me!

I don't think you've called me since you left America. "

Li Mu smiled. "There's an old saying in Hua Xia that says the friendship between gentlemen is as plain as water. It describes our relationship. We might not be close, but we're close comrades in the same camp."

"Yes!

We're indeed close comrades! "Elon Musk laughed." Mr. Li, is there something you need from me? "

Li Mu grunted and said, "Elon, there's something I need your help with."

Elon Musk said, "Mr. Li, you don't have to be so polite with me. Just let me know if you need anything. I'll do my best to help."

Seeing how serious and determined Elon Musk was, Li Mu told him that he wanted Elon Musk to help him find a channel to protect 3M and Honeywell customers in America. Elon Musk listened and immediately smiled. "Mr. Li, this is a piece of cake. I have classmates in the senior management of these two companies. I'll help you make a call."

Li Mu said, "Elon, other than the source of goods, there are a few other things I need your help with."

"Go ahead."

"First of all, try to keep the price as low as possible. Second, I plan to use the American branch of Makino Technology to complete the deal in America first, then handle the relevant procedures and send it to Hua Xia by air. So when you talk to them, try to get Makino Technology to use the resource exchange method to offset part of the funds."

Elon Musk asked him, "What resources?"

Li Mu said, "Mainly marketing resources. If they want anything else, just mention it and I'll send someone to talk to them."

Elon Musk immediately understood and said with a smile, "With YY's current global influence and information dissemination, I'm sure they'll be interested."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll leave this matter to you. I'll treat you to a drink the next time I go to America."

“OK！”

...

The senior management of DreamWorks flew back to America from Hong Kong, leaving Spielberg alone. At this time, his new film, Cat and Mouse, was at an important stage of its release. Spielberg was somewhat disappointed that he could not go back to promote the road show.

Because "Cat and Mouse" was scheduled to be released only a few days later than "The Lord of the Rings 2", it had always been overshadowed by "The Lord of the Rings 2". Although Spielberg knew deep down that "The Lord of the Rings" was too influential, he still hoped that his movie could surpass "The Lord of the Rings" in real-time box office. But now it seemed that this wish was a little unrealistic.

Lying on the hotel bed, Spielberg's mind kept flashing through many scenes of his new film. He liked the film very much, so he was even more eager for it to be recognized by the market.

At 12: 30 in the afternoon, Spielberg suddenly received a call from America. It was from a person in charge of distribution at DreamWorks. He told Spielberg excitedly over the phone, "Steven, our Cat and Mouse won the box office today!"

"Won?" Spielberg looked surprised and blurted out, "How can that be?

How much did Lord of the Rings 2 do today? "

The person said excitedly, "Lord of the Rings 2 did 11 million US dollars today, but we reached 18 million US dollars today!"

Spielberg was stunned. When he came back to his senses, he hurriedly asked, "What happened?

We barely broke 10 million on the first day of the release. Why did it suddenly explode today? "

The person said, "It's because of Makino Technology!

Yesterday, YY promoted our film in North America, and then our box office more than doubled. After all, our box office yesterday was only 8.8 million US dollars. "

Only then did Spielberg remember that Li Mu had promised to help him promote a round of Cat and Mouse. He remembered this very clearly, but after the sudden illness of Anne Hathaway, coupled with the high level of fatigue, his mind was obviously a little slow.

Spielberg did a rough calculation in his heart. The box office yesterday was only 8.8 million US dollars. According to the normal trend of natural decline, the box office today should be between 7.5 million US dollars to 8 million US dollars. However, because of Li Mu's promotion on YY, the box office immediately became 18 million US dollars. Were YY's distribution and conversion ability really that powerful?!

The release of YY directly increased the box office of the movie by 10 million US dollars. This number really shocked Spielberg. Although he knew that YY was very powerful, he did not expect it to reach this stage. He thought that if YY could increase the box office by 10%, he would be very satisfied. He did not expect YY to increase the box office by an astonishing 125%.

Spielberg did not understand the Internet, so he did not understand the conversion rate of Internet advertising. The conversion rate of Internet advertising not only depended on the platform, the number of users, the audience's spending power, but also the product itself.

Currently, the total number of online products was relatively small, so the overall conversion rate of advertising was higher than ten years later. Moreover, YY was ahead of everyone else in this era, so its conversion rate was much higher. This was the blessing of a powerful platform, and no other platform could compare.

Other than that, although Spielberg, Tom Hanks, and Leonardo were all famous celebrities in the film and television industry, they were restricted by their promotions. Some of the audience might not know or understand the direction of their new films, or they might have only heard of them, but they did not have the intention to watch the film. Therefore, this group of users was originally unable to be activated by Spielberg. But because of the YY platform, it was easier for users to have the urge to watch the film.

Under such circumstances, the higher the quality of the movie itself and the greater the gimmick, the higher the conversion rate. If Li Mu used YY to promote a movie starring Spielberg, Tom Hanks, and Leonardo, as long as he posted the information and added a spoiler, it would be enough to make many people eager to give it a try. However, if Li Mu used YY to promote Zhang Yimou's work in the United States, the probability of the audience buying it would be much lower than Spielberg's work.

At this time, Spielberg did not think too deeply about it. He only felt that Li Mu had once again refreshed his view of him. It seemed that YY was no longer just a communication software and portal. He began to realize that Li Mu's YY was a powerful and almost omnipotent platform. It could be used to promote anything. It was a supercarrier that started from the Internet, but could cover any country, region, and industry in the world.

On the other end of the phone, the person in charge of distribution was still speaking excitedly, "Steven, if we continue to decline at a normal rate, our box office tomorrow will be more than 15 million US dollars. And if we take into account that YY users who have the spending power are mostly white-collar workers, it is very likely that we will have another peak this weekend!"

Spielberg suddenly understood!

Although YY's push notification was sent yesterday, there was a lag in the conversion of information. A considerable number of users must have received the notification yesterday, and at the same time, they were interested in watching the film in the cinema. But due to time constraints, they could not go immediately, so they could only wait until the weekend.

In this way, the weekend was bound to usher in a new peak!

After hanging up, Spielberg was extremely excited. Although he had already entered the ranks of the elderly, he was full of joy that he had befriended a young man like Li Mu. It seemed that he had made the right decision to build a relationship with Li Mu.

The more it was like this, the more Spielberg felt that he had to do his best to maintain his relationship with Li Mu. With such a god around, the future history of the film and television industry could be rewritten.

Just as he was feeling excited, his phone suddenly rang again. This time, it was Elon Musk who called.

At this time, Spielberg looked at Elon Musk's name and felt that it was very cute. It was because Elon Musk had pulled the strings that he could get to know Li Mu. It was Elon Musk who had invited Li Mu to his charity dinner in Los Angeles. That was how he had officially built a relationship with Li Mu.

Picking up the phone, Spielberg said excitedly and enthusiastically, "Hello, Elon, long time no see. How have you been?"

Elon Musk did not expect Spielberg to be so happy. He said with a smile, "Congratulations, Steven. The box office of your new film has gone against the trend and defeated Lord of the Rings!"

Spielberg laughed and said, "It's all thanks to Li Mu's help. If it weren't for him, today's box office definitely wouldn't have such good results."

"You're right."

Elon Musk said in agreement, and then asked, "By the way, Steven, I want to ask you something. This is our private conversation, I hope you won't spread it."

Spielberg realized that Elon Musk should have something serious to talk to him about, so he said seriously, "Don't worry, Elon. I swear to God I won't tell anyone."

Elon Musk responded and said, "It's like this. Li Mu just called me and asked me to help him get a lot of protective equipment from the United States. I don't understand why he needs so many protective equipment. There might be some kind of opportunity in it. You've been with him recently, so you should have heard about it, right?

Can you tell me a little? "

Spielberg asked him subconsciously, "Li Mu asked you to help him buy protective equipment from the United States?"

"Yes." Elon Musk said, "It's strange, right?

I don't understand it either. Why did he go so far to buy these things?

If it was his Taobao website that needed it, there was no need to go through so much trouble. "

Spielberg quickly understood Li Mu's intentions. It seemed that Li Mu treated the news he got at the hospital this morning as a big deal. Otherwise, he would not have asked Elon Musk for help.

With this in mind, Spielberg came up with two ideas.

First, he definitely could not tell Elon Musk about what happened this morning. Otherwise, if the news leaked and brought trouble to Hua Xia, he would become Li Mu's enemy.