Chapter 1796

When Tom Hanks said that he wanted to compete, he immediately attracted the attention of the people around him.

The people of Texas were tough. The civilian pilots of these flying clubs were almost all cowboys who knew how to fly planes. Therefore, they were very interested in this kind of competition.

Leonardo saw that the old man in front of him was asking to be humiliated, so he simply laughed and said, "Okay, I can compete with you. But how much are you willing to bet?"

Tom Hanks said, "If you win, I'll give you a thousand dollars. If you lose, you have to come with me to Hua Xia."

When the thousand dollars was said, everyone around him gasped in shock.

A thousand dollars?

This was an astronomical figure in the current era.

When Leonardo heard this, he instantly became anxious and blurted out, "Bullsh * t!

Are you out of your mind?

I'm not going to Hua Xia with you! "

Tom Hanks laughed and asked, "Why?

Are you afraid of losing?

Afraid of losing to an old man like me? "

Leonardo blurted out, "Bullsh * t!

I won't lose at all! "

Tom Hanks said loudly, "Since you won't lose, what are you afraid of?

Come on, there are so many witnesses. Since it's not dark yet, let's compete. "

Leonardo clenched his teeth and said, "Okay, let's compete. But you have to take out a thousand dollars first!"

Tom Hanks nodded and said to the assistant beside him, "Take out a thousand dollars."

Tom Hanks was commissioned by the national government to recruit pilots in America. He had plenty of funds to begin with. This time, he had brought a few attendants and assistants to recruit pilots in Texas. He had also brought a lot of cash.

When he took out the thousand dollars, everyone around him was dumbfounded.

Leonardo was also stunned. It was obvious that he had been attracted by the thousand dollars.

His friend whispered in his ear, "If you win this money, you can buy your own farm!"

Leonardo nodded, clenched his teeth, and said, "Old man, tell me, how do you want to compete?"

Tom Hanks said, "We'll go up together and compete at an altitude of 900 feet. You do one action, I'll imitate another. If I can imitate it, I'll do it, and you'll imitate it. This will continue until the other person can't imitate it or voluntarily admits defeat."

Leonardo said without hesitation, "Alright, we'll do as you say!"

Tom Hanks called the owner of the club and said, "I want a plane of the same model. How much is it?"

The man stretched out three fingers. "Thirty dollars."

"OK." Tom Hanks immediately took out the money and handed it to the man.

In the next second, the two of them were already sitting in the single-propeller plane. The two of them looked at each other, and then, under the gazes of tens of thousands of people, they taxied, took off, and rushed into the red sky.

As soon as Leonardo's plane took off, he performed a very difficult stunt, causing the audience below to cheer.

But who would have thought that the old but vigorous Tom Hanks would be able to complete this set of movements so easily?

After the audience exclaimed in surprise, the image cut to Leonardo. He was circling around Tom Hanks' plane. He saw all of Tom Hanks' actions, and his expression was one of shock.

At this moment, he sat up straight and muttered, "OK, old man, this time I'm going to do it for real!"

As he said this, he saw that Tom Hanks had already flown the plane upwards. He knew that it was now Tom Hanks' turn to do the movements, and he would imitate them. Thus, he stared at Tom Hanks and muttered to himself, "OK, let me see what you've got."

As soon as he said this, Tom Hanks, who was in the midst of ascending, suddenly did a horizontal maneuver. The plane seemed to have suddenly lost its momentum, and as it ascended, it started to tumble downwards, and its speed suddenly slowed down.

Just as everyone was exclaiming in surprise, Tom Hanks' plane instantly rose up again. The engine spewed out a cloud of black smoke, and it shot straight up into the sky.

When Leonardo saw this, his originally confident expression instantly turned into one of shock. He said in a panic, "F * ck, this old man is actually a fighter pilot!"

Just as he was about to try and imitate Tom Hanks' actions, Tom Hanks' plane suddenly began to dive downwards again.

As the plane dived, it accelerated due to gravity, causing the plane's speed to almost double. The plane dived diagonally towards the ground at an extremely fast speed, and everyone could only see the plane getting bigger and closer. When the plane was almost right in front of their eyes, a few timid people even covered their eyes, afraid that the plane would crash.

However, Tom Hanks easily leveled the plane just as it was about to hit the ground. The plane was almost flying close to the ground, and as it tumbled, it made a C-shaped trajectory. Its speed was extremely fast, and as it tumbled, it flew behind everyone's line of sight.

Only then did everyone come back to their senses. They couldn't understand how this old man could suddenly circle behind everyone in such a short period of time. Such a large plane actually gave him the feeling of appearing and disappearing like a ghost.

A human's visual range was originally less than 180 degrees, and most of the visual range that they could focus their attention on was around 60 to 70 degrees. With this kind of visual structure, even if they were on a flat surface, if someone patted you from behind and then deliberately moved along with your head when you turned around, it would still be very difficult to capture their figure.

If they were in the sky, the flat surface would suddenly become three-dimensional, and it would be even more difficult to capture the other party.

Nowadays, the real range of fire of fighter jets was only a few hundred meters. Cannons and cannons that were more than a few hundred meters away would be completely off target. Therefore, the fights between pilots were all close combat, and this required extremely high maneuverability of the pilot and the plane.

Tom Hanks, who played the role of Chennault, was a fighter pilot himself. Later on, he became a fighter pilot instructor, and he also wrote many fighter pilot training materials. It could be said that he was an expert fighter pilot, and this kind of extraordinary maneuverability was common to him.

After completing this set of actions, the people below cheered excitedly. Some people even took off their clothes and waved them in their hands. Whistles and cheers rose and fell one after another.

At this time, Leonardo's expression was very ugly. He knew that he had already lost the first round, so he didn't waste any more words and directly landed the plane on the runway.

After landing, Leonardo resentfully got off the plane. At this time, Tom Hanks' plane had also landed at the end of the runway.

The plane taxied to a stop not far from Leonardo, and Tom Hanks jumped off the plane with a smile on his face. He walked directly in front of Leonardo and said, "I'll give you a week to say goodbye to your parents and girlfriends. After a week, if you're still here, my people will come and pick you up."

After saying this, he didn't even turn his head and directly left with his assistant.

…

The scene flashed, and a week later.

An old-fashioned bus drove to the entrance of the Flying Club. The blond Leonardo stood by the side of the road without any interest.

In the front passenger seat of the bus was Tom Hanks, who was wearing sunglasses.

The bus stopped in front of Leonardo, and he waved at him. He smiled faintly but didn't say anything.

Leonardo sighed, carried his leather bag, and stepped onto the bus.

At this time, there were more than 20 young people in the bus. They were all pilots who were going to follow Tom Hanks to Hua Xia this time.

The bus drove to a military airfield, and dozens of pilots met there. They took a short break at the military camp next to the airfield. Tom Hanks, who played the role of Chennault, used the projection equipment provided by the military to show these young American pilots the invasion that Hua Xia was currently facing.

At the same time, Tom Hanks told them in a righteous tone, "This time, when you follow me to Hua Xia, you may get injured, you may die, and you may never have the chance to return to the United States. But you must remember, we are not only fighting for the handsome commission, but also for justice. We are fighting to help the people who are in dire straits fight against the cruel invaders. So, I don't care how sloppy or cheeky you usually are. When you arrive in Hua Xia, everyone must demand of themselves with the identity of a soldier, train hard, and fight bravely!"

Some of the team members, who were originally sloppy, had serious expressions on their faces after seeing the video data. It was as if they had shed their cynicism in an instant.

Then, the movie entered a fast-forward stage.

At this stage, Tom Hanks led the pilots to Yungui, Huaxia. The fighter jets purchased from the United States also arrived in Yungui one after another. The supporting flight team was named the Flying Tigers, and they began training at the airport that had already been built.

At this time, Liu Ye, who had been recuperating in the hospital, also recovered and was discharged.

When he was discharged, he specially thanked the nurse played by Anne Hathaway. After taking care of him for so many days, Anne Hathaway already had a good impression of him. Although she didn't confess in the movie, the audience could tell from her performance in front of the camera.

The movie went into a fast-moving scene again.

In the scene, the Hua Xia pilots, led by Liu Ye, and the American pilots, led by Leonardo, were mixed into a few squadrons and began their intensive flight training.

In a wooden classroom, Chennault used a plane model to teach them what tactics to use in an aerial battle against the enemy.

On the runway of the airport, Liu Ye and Leonardo were doing their daily maintenance on their respective planes and reloading ammunition.

On the field next to the airport, the pilots were doing physical training on simple equipment.

During this time, Anne Hathaway often appeared. She would watch the Flying Tigers take off from the window of the hospital, and she would watch Liu Ye train at the side of the field. Every time she appeared, the American pilots of Hua Xia would whistle.

A Hua Xia pilot said to Liu Ye, "Did that American nurse fall for you?"

Liu Ye said unnaturally, "Don't talk nonsense, you're ruining my innocence."

That person said, "I'm telling the truth. Everyone can see that she's interested in you, but you're the only one in the dark. Hey, tell me, don't you have any feelings for her?"

Liu Ye shook his head and said in a low, muffled voice, "I'm not thinking about anything right now. I just want to chase the Japanese out of Hua Xia as soon as possible. The country is in danger, I don't have the time to think about love!"

:

: