Chapter 838

Before today's meal, Zhao Xianliang only measured Li Mu's age and wealth.

Li Mu was very young. Correspondingly, it was indeed amazing to earn such a high net worth at his age. However, Zhao Xianliang always felt that Li Mu was in the Internet industry, which itself had a huge bubble. It was far less solid than real estate. Although Li Mu's net worth was said to be more than ten billion yuan, it was hard to say when it really needed to be realized.

Physical entrepreneurs were different. Physical entrepreneurs' net worth was basically solid. Not only did they have a heavy asset operation, but they also had a lot of real estate. On the other hand, Internet entrepreneurs were valued at one billion yuan today. The founder had 50% of the shares. According to the book data, this person was worth 500 million yuan. However, this 500 million yuan was basically a concept, not cash. In the blink of an eye, the concept was broken, the company went bankrupt, and the value of 500 million yuan might collapse to only 1% overnight.

On this point, Zhao Xianliang still had a hidden sense of superiority in his heart until today.

Li Mu's eloquence made Zhao Xianliang see the height of this young man's thinking and strategy. It made him realize that the real awesome thing about Li Mu was not his extremely advantageous age and huge net worth, but his thinking.

Zhao Xianliang admitted in his heart that no matter what kind of prejudice he had against Li Mu, Li Mu's level of thinking was a level higher than his. This level was limited by the thinking model, vision, three views, and human nature. This was an essential difference. It was like the difference between brick and steel. The difference between the two was not too big.

The brick and concrete model of building was already in danger when it was built up to ten floors. This was the highest height of this level. It was basically impossible to break through to the next level. However, the steel and concrete model of building could be built into a skyscraper with hundreds of floors. The difference between the two was like clouds and mud.

With this level of understanding, Zhao Xianliang's attitude towards Li Mu was much better. The two were quite friendly when they drank, which made Xie Yun and Zhao Ziqiu very happy. From time to time, they raised their glasses and asked the two to drink together. It seemed that they wanted the two to drink more.

At this moment, at the entrance of Hangxuan Residence, two Buick business cars stopped one after another. The waiter at the door hurriedly opened the door. Boss Ma, who was very thin, got out of the business car in the front. As soon as his feet landed on the ground, he hurriedly turned around and said respectfully in English, "Boss Sun, please."

At this time, a middle-aged man, who was only about 1.5 meters tall, got out of the car. This middle-aged man was a little fat. his hairline had already receded, revealing a huge and bright forehead.

This middle-aged man also had an Asian face. He raised his head and looked at the ancient Jiangnan style gate of Hangxuan Residence. Then, he turned his head and looked at the sparkling West Lake behind him. With a face full of admiration, he said to Boss Ma in fluent English, "Jack, the environment here is really unique!

It's on the bank of the famous West Lake. "

Boss Ma nodded repeatedly and said, "Although this place doesn't look eye-catching or luxurious, it's the best restaurant in Hangzhou. The private room I booked is on the third floor by the lake. You can enjoy the night view of the West Lake while eating.

Although the domestic tourism industry was not developed in 2002, as one of the earliest tourist attractions to be developed, the various decorations of the West Lake scenic spot in Hangzhou were particularly perfect at this time. There were night cruises on the lake, and there were colorful lights on the shore, so the night view was still very good. In addition, it was already autumn, and the weather at night was slightly cooler. The lakeside was even cooler, which was the most suitable for watching the night view of the West Lake.

When the short middle-aged man heard this, he was especially happy. He nodded and said, "I really like this place. If you still hold the West Lake Sword Duel next year, I'll definitely come and participate!"

Boss Ma smiled and said, "Director Sun, you can come and participate in this year's West Lake Sword Discourse. I think a lot of Hua Xia's netizens would love to meet you."

The short middle-aged man waved his hand and said with a smile, "The second half of this year is especially crucial for Softbank. I may not have time to come to Hua Xia."

Boss Ma nodded. At this time, the other entourage had also gotten out of the car. Boss Ma said to the short middle-aged man, "Director Sun, let's go in!"

"Okay!

You first! "

Boss Ma hurriedly said, "No, no, no. You first."

The short middle-aged man smiled helplessly. "Then let's go together!"

Boss Ma hesitated for a moment, then nodded and said, "Alright!"

After saying that, the two walked side by side into the door of Hangxuan Restaurant.

This short middle-aged man was not from Hua Xia. He was the famous founder of Softbank in the future — Sun Zhengyi, a legendary Japanese businessman.

Sun Zhengyi had flown from Tokyo to Shanghai last night. This morning, he had taken a special bus to Hangzhou. This time, he had come to Hangzhou to meet the Chinese Internet person whom he had invested tens of millions of US dollars in. That person was Boss Ma, who was accompanying him at the moment.

It could also be said that Sun Zhengyi came to Hua Xia this time to meet Boss Ma. In October 1999, Sun Zhengyi met Boss Ma for six minutes and decided to invest a huge sum of US $20 million in Alibar, which was a big event in the Internet industry in Hua Xia at that time.

At that time, Sun Zhengyi was extremely optimistic about the development of Boss Ma and Alibar. In the next two years, Boss Ma did not disappoint his expectations. The scale of the platform became larger and larger, and the development potential continued to multiply.

However, this rapid development momentum immediately fell into a predicament after Li Mu established Taobao.

In fact, Boss Ma's B2B platform was not impacted by Li Mu and Taobao. However, because Boss Ma's strategic planning had long covered the 2C business, Li Mu actually impacted Boss Ma's future.

In Boss Ma's eyes, Alibar was just a small sapling that was less than a meter tall, but he firmly believed that Alibar would become a towering tree in the future. However, unfortunately, Li Mu ran on top of the sapling of Alibar and built a three-meter-high house. Although it did not affect it for the time being, people with a bit of foresight would immediately feel a huge sense of crisis. This was because Li Mu blocked the future of Alibar, this sapling, to a maximum of three meters. For an ambitious person like Boss Ma, this was more infuriating than taking his life.

Therefore, he tried everything to start a war with Li Mu in advance. While developing his own C2C platform, he acquired logistics companies and blocked the transportation of parcels on Taobao. His original intention was to dig a hole in the foundation of Li Mu's house, hoping to break the huge shackles of Li Mu's future development.

Unfortunately, this plan completely failed.

In order to support him in starting a war with Li Mu in advance, Sun Zhengyi invested tens of millions of US dollars in financing for Alibar. However, there were no tangible results until now. The acquisition of the logistics company was like shooting himself in the foot. Although Le Tao had already been developed, it did not dare to go online due to Li Mu's huge influence. Therefore, the entire Alibar fell into a stalemate.

The sapling grew very fast. It would not take long for it to break the three-meter-tall limit. No one knew if Li Mu would further reduce this height in the future. Therefore, Boss Ma was anxious, and Sun Zhengyi was also anxious. This time, he came to understand the current situation of Alibar in detail.

Throughout the day, Sun Zhengyi basically understood the current situation in Alibar. To be honest, he was very disappointed. He also had huge doubts about the future of Alibar. That was because he truly realized that it was not that Boss Ma's ability was limited, but that the opponent was too strong. It was equivalent to him betting on Yamamoto Isoroku. However, the opponent was not the US Navy that had just suffered heavy losses at Pearl Harbor. It was a completely modern US Navy.

With the current strength of Taobao, Li Mu's resources, and the support of other platforms, there was basically an era gap between them and Boss Ma. Boss Ma had almost no chance of winning unless a miracle happened or Boss Ma found Li Mu's weakness and killed him in one blow. Otherwise, Boss Ma had no chance of winning.

However, although he was disappointed in Alibar and was no longer optimistic about the future of Alibar, he knew very well that he could not show his emotions. He had to take advantage of the fact that Boss Ma had not burned all the money in his hands to paint a picture and give him encouragement. He had to tell Boss Ma not to be a coward and just fight. It did not matter if he could not win, as he would still support him.

However, if Alibar really lost, would he support Boss Ma?

No, of course not.

Sun Zhengyi had already made up his mind. If Boss Ma's Le Tao failed to break out of the encirclement, then he would no longer invest in Alibar. He would force Boss Ma to give up the 2C business and focus on the B2B business that he already had a certain foundation in. Although the height limit was only three meters, a three-meter sapling still had some value. It did not matter if it could not grow into a towering tree. Under the three-meter eaves, it could grow into a fruit tree and more or less continue to bring in profits. However, he was afraid that this sapling did not know how powerful it was and insisted on breaking through the reinforced concrete ceiling. In the end, it would only be a dead end.

The two of them entered Hangxuan Residence together. Sun Zhengyi's face was flushed, and he seemed to be in an exceptionally good mood. This was his ability. This ability gave Boss Ma, who was beside him, a reassurance pill. In his opinion, Sun Zhengyi still seemed to think highly of him. As long as Sun Zhengyi was not disappointed in him or Alibar, he could rest assured and boldly find an opportunity to fight with Li Mu again.

The manager of Hangxuan Residence already knew that Boss Ma had booked a private room tonight. As soon as Boss Ma entered the door, he welcomed him warmly and said, "Oh, Boss Ma, I haven't seen you in a long time. Why are you free today?"

Although Boss Ma could not be considered a tycoon, he was indeed quite famous in Hangzhou. He was a leading figure in Hangzhou's Internet industry and was also a VIP of the Hangzhou municipal and provincial government. Therefore, in the manager's eyes, Boss Ma was an absolutely distinguished guest.

Boss Ma was also very familiar with this manager. He smiled slightly, clasped the five fingers of his right hand together, and gestured to Sun Zhengyi with his palm. He said, "Today we have to entertain the distinguished guests from Japan. Can you reserve the private room I booked for me?"

The manager hurriedly nodded and said, "Yes, I'll reserve it. I'll accompany you up."

As he spoke, the manager waved his hand at the waiter who had led the way, indicating for him to leave first. He would personally serve them.

When they went upstairs, the manager who was leading the way suddenly remembered something. He turned his head and said to Boss Ma, "Oh right, Boss Ma, it's a coincidence that Boss Zhao from Zhongliang Trading Group is also here for a banquet. He's just a private room away from you."