Chapter 1306

Faced with the decision of whether or not to rely on Li Mu to survive, Elon Musk only used a few seconds to make his choice.

He excitedly said to Li Mu, "Boss, I'm willing to cooperate with you!"

Elon Musk was very smart. The title "Boss" meant that he had already made it clear that he treated Li Mu as his boss. His willingness to cooperate with Li Mu not only included the "Veterans Never Die – American Charity Foundation" project, but also all of his future projects.

Elon Musk knew that after he promised Li Mu, he would no longer have his own projects in the future. If he found a new project, he must report it to Li Mu first. If Li Mu approved of it, then he could invest with him. However, Li Mu would not mistreat him. If he had a good project, he would also think of Elon Musk and let him participate in it.

Completely opening up was a challenge, but it was also an opportunity.

Li Mu was also very happy. He immediately told Lin Ching-ah about this and let her be fully responsible for coordinating with Elon Musk so that they could land as soon as possible.

As for Li Mu himself, he put all his energy into the charity night that was about to begin!

…

When the "Veterans Never Die – Hua Xia Internet Industry Spring City Charity Night" officially opened, the amount of donations to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation had already reached a huge amount of 3.2 billion yuan. More than 80 million people had participated in the donation, and the number of Alipay users had reached 65%.

The number of companies and institutions that were interested in cooperating with the foundation was also increasing. The large ones included Haier, Hisense, Procter & Gamble, Wal-Mart, and the small ones included hospitals, nursing homes, small supermarkets, and wholesale departments in prefecture-level cities. The total number had exceeded 10,000. The veterans had indeed become a group that the whole society paid attention to. With the power of the whole society, these veterans would definitely be able to enjoy a happy and carefree old age.

Veterans Never Die had always been a hot topic in the news, and it was also a hot topic that the society paid attention to. Li Mu suddenly held the Internet Industry Charity Night at this time, and it attracted the attention of a large number of media reporters. Just when they were hoping to interview him live, the organizer of the event announced Li Mu's decision to the public: the organizer would not invite any reporters to the charity night. Other than the staff and invited guests, no one else would be allowed to enter the venue.

The media was particularly disappointed. However, since the major media had a very good relationship with Li Mu and Makino Technology, the media gave Li Mu enough respect. On the day of the event, they did not send reporters to wait outside the hotel. Instead, they sent the frontline reporters to the Spring City Airport.

More than 90% of the Internet industry in Hua Xia was concentrated in the four first-tier cities of Yanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Yang City. Spring City was located in the southwest, and the only way to get to Spring City from these four first-tier cities in a short period of time was by plane. Trains usually took at least a day and a night, and some even longer.

Therefore, the people in charge of the Internet companies who came to Spring City to participate in the charity night had to land at the Spring City Airport. Hence, the reporters stationed themselves at the airport, hoping to meet some well-known people in the Internet industry and conduct a simple interview with them.

This time, more than three hundred internet companies across the country received Li Mu's invitation. Without exception, every company sent an official reply after receiving the invitation. Among them, more than ninety percent of the people in charge decided to fly to Spring City in person. As for the rest of the people in charge, most of them really couldn't spare the time. Even if they couldn't spare the time, they had arranged for other representatives to go. Based on the feedback Li Ziwei received, more than three hundred and seventy internet companies all expressed their willingness to participate in the charity night.

To be able to get 100% participation from more than 300 companies in a charity event that was organized at the last minute was almost unimaginable in any industry. Even in the Internet industry, which would enter the era of giants many years later, there was not a single giant that had such influence. Everyone either formed their own factions based on their respective industries, or they formed alliances based on their respective regions and industries. There was not a single person in the industry who could get hundreds of people to respond to his call. Li Mu was the only one who could do so.

When Li Ziwei reported the results to Li Mu, she even praised him from the bottom of her heart. "Li Zong, you've almost become the leader of the Internet industry. With just a word from you, the entire industry will move according to you."

Li Mu shook his head, smiled, and said faintly, "Ziwei, remember one thing. No matter what industry, as long as you're a businessman, your first goal will always be to pursue profits. Otherwise, you won't be a qualified businessman. It's the same for the Internet industry. Do you think they came all the way to Spring City to participate in our charity night to do charity or to give me face?"

Li Ziwei thought for a moment and said, "I think there should be both. After all, your influence in the industry is unparalleled. If it was someone else who didn't have any influence, they definitely wouldn't be able to organize such a thing."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Business is business. To businessmen, what is the real meaning of influence?

It's nothing more than benefits. To those in the industry, no matter how influential I am, it won't bring them any benefits, so they might not really give me face. But then again, this charity event that I'm organizing is equivalent to building an ultimate salon for people in the industry. Once they have connections and resources, it's something that will really have an impact on them. "

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "Of course, I can't deny one point. Among these hundreds of people in the industry, there must be some who are really touched by this charity project and wish to contribute. But there must also be some who aren't interested in this charity project or me. The reason why they want to come is that they want to take this opportunity to expand their connections and resources. Let's not talk about anything else. As long as they prepare a box of a few hundred name cards to give out and then take back a few hundred name cards, the connections contained in these name cards will be enough for any person in the industry to eat for the rest of their life."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Li Zong, I think most people should be here for charity. Our industry is an advanced industry, so everyone's thinking should be relatively more advanced."

Li Mu laughed and waved his hand repeatedly. "Ziwei, don't think that way. This industry is only advanced in technology. Character and human nature might not be more advanced than other industries. I can even say that a considerable number of people in this industry are highly intelligent bastards, and highly intelligent bastards are more hateful than those with low intelligence."

Li Ziwei was surprised and asked him, "Li Zong, why do you say that?"

Li Mu smiled faintly. He was an Internet person in his previous life, so he was very clear about what people in this industry were thinking about. Every Internet entrepreneur only had one thing on their mind: making money. They racked their brains to make money. That was why there were many shady, dishonorable, immoral, and even illegal business models in the industry.

Some products sold pornography, some sold pirated goods, some secretly gambled, some peddled fake goods, some gave usury on the Internet, and some played Ponzi schemes on the Internet. There were also people who secretly played business models, such as sharing bicycles that specialized in cheating consumers of deposits, and running away with money at every turn. There was also the seemingly fair, but in fact, it was full of danger. There were even some charity crowdfunding products that sold dog meat. Sometimes, Li Mu felt that at least half of the people in this industry were rotten to the core. It was just that he relied on his label of a high-tech industry to make himself look good.

A certain boss who was manufacturing fake sports shoes and selling them all over the country, and the amount involved in the case was more than 100 million yuan, was arrested. The people applauded, but they did not think that it was hundreds of websites and apps that helped him advertise his fake goods, and some e-commerce platforms that helped him sell his fake goods all over the country.

A pair of fake shoes cost 50 yuan to make, and the cost of shipping may only be 70 or 80 yuan. After deducting the cost of building the factory, equipment, labor, and risk, the owner of a pair of shoes may only earn 5 yuan.

Originally, this owner could only sell 100,000 pairs of fake shoes offline every year, and most of these fake shoes flowed into the low-end market of third- and fifth-tier cities for offline sales. Now, he sold 1 million pairs a year, and 900,000 pairs were sold online, but he still earned 5 yuan per pair.

The biggest difference between selling fake goods offline and selling fake goods online was that fake goods were usually sold at a place that specialized in selling fake goods and sold at the price that fake goods should have. Fake goods online were f * cking disguised as real goods and sold at the price of the real thing.

The fake shoes produced by this owner were sold in large quantities to online shop owners at the price of 70 or 80 yuan. The online shop owners put these shoes on e-commerce platforms and sold them to consumers all over the country at an average price of 300 yuan. Among these, the online shop owners seemed to have earned more than 200 yuan in gross profit, but there might have been more than 100 yuan in cost, which was given to e-commerce platforms through the purchase of keywords, recommendation spots, and express trains. The e-commerce platforms then gave 10 to 20 yuan to participating advertising platforms, and another 5 to 10 yuan to logistics and express delivery companies. The remaining tens of yuan of profit also included their own labor costs and risk costs. The real net profit was far less than the gross profit.

A million pairs of shoes a year, the amount involved was 300 million yuan, and the boss actually only earned 5 million yuan.

Hundreds of online shop owners earned a total of tens of millions of yuan, but on average, each shop owner only earned a few hundred thousand yuan.

However, the platform collected a total of more than 100 million yuan from hundreds of online shop owners in various promotional fees, of which 80 to 90% were kept for themselves, and 10 to 20% were given to the advertising platforms of the alliance.

In such a gray industry structure, the biggest legal risk was borne by the business owners, followed by the online shop owners. If it wasn't for Li Mu pushing for e-commerce fake sales legislation, the e-commerce platforms basically wouldn't be held responsible. Even if they were held responsible, it would only be an extremely small administrative penalty. The advertising platforms of the alliance would not be held responsible, and the express delivery and logistics companies would not be held responsible.

This was the unscrupulous method played by the high-end people on the Internet. They used this method to intercept the biggest profits and transfer the biggest risks. If they weren't highly intelligent bastards, what else could they be?

Only by sorting out this industry chain would people understand who was the worst. It wasn't the business owners, nor the online shop owners, but the initiators who created, promoted, and protected this industry chain. They found a bunch of scapegoats, risked breaking the law to play a new business model, and then reaped the profits without any risk. This was the most hateful.

Therefore, Li Mu often felt that this industry was like Guo Degang's crosstalk circle. There were too few good people.