Chapter 374

Li Mu didn't expect such a situation at all. In his opinion, there was no need for something as sensitive as a gun or even a knife in this situation. However, he didn't understand Lu Yong, nor did he understand Lu Yong's way of doing things.

Every time Lu Yong went out with Zhang Wanjun to do something, he would always bring a gun with him, no matter how big or small the matter was. Even if Zhang Wanjun just went out to have a meal with someone, he would always bring a gun with him.

When the weather was hot, he would carry a "Hualong made" imitation of the Type 54 pistol; when the weather was cold, he would carry a five-shot shotgun with a sawed-off barrel. This habit remained unchanged for many years.

This was also the reason why Lu Yong could become Zhang Wanjun's confidant. He was always ready to shoot or even kill for his big brother, and at the same time, he was also ready to run away.

When Zhang Wanjun brought him with him, he was like a pit bull that didn't feel pain and didn't know how to retreat, always displaying the most powerful deterrence and lethality.

At this moment, Qi Delin was trembling with fear from the gun pointed at his forehead. He was also a gangster and was quite famous in the town, but at best, he was great at chopping people with a knife. He had never carried a gun with him. Moreover, the economy of this town was backward. Firstly, there were no mountains, secondly, there were no mines, and thirdly, it wasn't close to the sea. There was no interest worth defending with a gun at all. Therefore, when he saw Lu Yong pull out his gun, he realized that he had met a tough opponent today, and he concluded that this group of people was definitely not from this town.

Qi Delin knew when to yield and when to yield, and when to yield, he could be a grandson. The moment the gun was pointed at his forehead, he immediately dropped the hoe in his hand and said nervously, "Big Brother, don't be impulsive, I didn't mean it …"

Lu Yong pressed the gun even harder against Qi Delin's forehead, and he gritted his teeth again and said, "Kneel down!"

Qi Delin's legs went soft, and he knelt on the ground with a bang. He raised his hands and begged for mercy, "Big Brother, please don't hold it against me, don't lower yourself to my level …"

Lu Yong said expressionlessly, "Shut your mouth!"

Qi Delin tactfully shut his mouth, not daring to say a word more.

Qi Decheng, who was lying on the ground, was also a little afraid of Lu Yong's gun. He took the initiative to speak up, "Everyone, today's matter is a misunderstanding. Li Daoguang agreed to the marriage between my son and his daughter and took our family's wedding gift. We set the date, invited the master, and even sent out the wedding invitations. Today, he told me that he wanted to cancel the engagement. We couldn't take it anymore, and that's why we had a little dispute."

Li Mu's second aunt came out of the central room. Her face was still injured and her body was still stained with blood. She pointed at Qi Decheng angrily and said, "Our Dao Guang came to apologize to you and returned the gift money. He also promised to pay for your losses. Why did you still hit him?"

Qi Decheng said, "That was all a misunderstanding, I was just angry …"

Second Aunt cried and questioned, "Why did you come to my house and beat me up in a moment of anger?

You guys beat my man until he's covered in blood, and you guys are still not satisfied? You guys smashed my house like this … "

Papa Lee quickly asked her, "How is Dao Guang?"

Second Aunt cried and said, "Brother, quickly go in and have a look. Dao Guang was beaten by them to the point that he can't get up!"

Papa Lee ran into the house. Li Mu hurriedly said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, please arrange for someone to drive my uncle to the hospital."

Song Liang gave his driver a look, and the driver immediately called another person to run in. Li Mu also went in to see the situation. Seeing that Second Uncle was lying on the bed, and there were several wounds on his face that were bleeding, it seemed that the injury was not light. Li Mu hurriedly asked Song Liang's driver and another person to carry Second Uncle to the car to the hospital. Li Mu said to Papa Lee, "Dad, you go with them. Take Second Aunt with you. I'll take care of things here."

Papa Lee said with some worry, "Are you sure you can do it?

I'm afraid that if the people you find are impulsive, they will cause big trouble … "

Li Mu comforted him, "Don't worry, they have a sense of propriety. I'm just trying to scare them. They won't do it for real."

Papa Lee hesitated for a moment. Seeing that Second Uncle's condition was not very good, he nodded and said, "Then I'll accompany Second Uncle to the hospital first."

Papa Lee accompanied Second Uncle to the hospital with Second Aunt. Before leaving, he told Li Mu to be rational and not impulsive. Li Mu agreed.

After they left, Zhang Wanjun asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, how do you think we should deal with these people?"

Seeing that his relatives were beaten up and his house was smashed up, Li Mu was furious. He questioned Qi Decheng, "You guys with the surname Qi are really awesome. They went to your house to apologize, but you guys chased them to their house and smashed it up like this. How do you guys want to settle this matter today?"

Qi Decheng knew that he had provoked a tough guy. He had been in the business world for a long time, so he could adapt to the situation. He explained with a smile, "Actually, this is all a misunderstanding. We were a little impulsive. We apologize. We'll pay for Dao Guang's medical fees and the loss of working time. We'll also pay for the family's losses!"

Li Mu nodded, "If you think this is a good solution, then it's easy. My solution is that whoever beat up my Second Uncle, I'll break his arms today. I'll pay for all the medical fees and the loss of working time. I'll also pay for the mental damage of the person whose arms are broken. What do you think?"

Song Liang waved his hand, "Little Mu, don't be so stingy. Give him 100,000 yuan each."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said to Qi Decheng, "Alright, one hundred thousand per person."

Hearing this, Qi Decheng's face turned pale. He hurriedly said, "Then how do you want to settle this?"

Li Mu clenched his teeth and kicked Qi Decheng. Then, he went up and gave him two loud slaps. He scolded, "How do you want to settle this?

I'll give you a beating first, then I'll tell you how to settle this! "

Qi Decheng was slapped by Li Mu until he was seeing stars. The people of the Qi family watched him get slapped. Although they were angry, none of them dared to step forward. While Qi Decheng begged for mercy, he secretly glanced at his younger brother, Qi Delin. Lu Yong was holding a gun to his head, and he was so scared that his face was pale. He then looked at his son, Qi Dayong, who was standing behind his mother like a fool.

Li Mu hit Qi Decheng because he was really angry. Qi Decheng had gone too far. He came to his house to beat people up during the New Year, and he was so arrogant. In this situation, there was no meaning in just talking about compensation. Li Mu wanted to help his Second Uncle's family vent their anger, and at the same time, let the Qi family taste the consequences of beating people up.

Seeing that Li Mu had made a move, Zhang Wanjun waved his hand and said to his lackeys, "Teach the men a lesson. If the women dare to make a scene, beat them up as well!"

When he finished speaking, Lu Yong raised his gun and smashed it towards Qi Delin's head. In an instant, Qi Delin's head was covered in blood. The other lackeys also took out their batons and started beating the men of the Qi Family. In an instant, the entire courtyard was filled with wails and wails.

The men of the Qi Family screamed as they were beaten, which attracted the villagers to climb the wall and look into the courtyard. When Zhang Wanjun saw this, he patted Lu Yong's shoulder and said in a low voice, "You drive back first to avoid trouble."

Lu Yong understood that if the police came and saw the gun, it would be troublesome. Thus, he nodded his head and said, "I'll drive to the entrance of the village. Brother Jun, call me if there's anything." When he finished speaking, Lu Yong stuffed the gun into his coat and left the courtyard.

After following Zhang Wanjun for so many years, he already had a tacit understanding with Zhang Wanjun. Thus, he didn't drive far and just waited at the entrance of the village. He didn't even turn off the engine. If the police came, he would bring the gun and leave at any time. If the other party called for help, he would bring the gun and go in at any time. He had done this kind of thing with Zhang Wanjun countless times.

In the courtyard, the men of the Qi Family, regardless of age, were all lying on the ground. When Li Mu's anger subsided a little, he asked Qi Decheng, "Come, tell me now, how are you going to compensate us?"

Qi Decheng was beaten all over, and so were the other men of the Qi Family. They didn't even have the strength to fight back against Zhang Wanjun's men. Seeing his family members beaten up like this, Qi Decheng was furious, but he still had to pretend to be obedient. He said to Li Mu, "The engagement between the two children is invalid. Our Qi Family will never mention it again!

In addition, I will compensate Dao Guang's family 50,000 yuan. "

Li Mu said, "It's settled then. Both families should not bring it up again in the future. However, I'm not satisfied with the amount of compensation. You beat people up on New Year's Eve and destroyed our house. Do you think you can solve the problem with just fifty thousand yuan?"

Qi Decheng thought that this matter couldn't be resolved peacefully. He could only clench his teeth and said, "Then I'll add another 20,000 yuan!"

Li Mu frowned. "Add another 20,000 yuan?

Do you think this is the market? Haggling over the price? "

"Add another 50,000 yuan!" Qi Decheng's heart was bleeding. "A total of 100,000 yuan!"

Li Mu's frown deepened.

At this moment, Zhang Wanjun walked over and gave Qi Decheng another slap. He frowned and shouted, "You want to resolve this matter with 100,000 yuan?

Do you believe that I won't let your whole family spend the New Year in a hospital bed? "

Qi Decheng was on the verge of tears. He begged, "Big Brother, just give me a number. If I can pay, I'll definitely pay!"

Zhang Wanjun looked at Qi Decheng and said calmly, "Don't say that I didn't give you a chance. You can make a phone call now and ask for help. You only have one chance. Think about who to call. After the call, we'll talk about how much you're going to pay."

Qi Decheng's heart was pounding. He didn't expect the other party to be so ruthless. Seeing that Zhang Wanjun didn't look like an ordinary person, he looked like someone from the underworld. Qi Decheng didn't know what to do.

Right now, all the men in his family were beaten to the ground, and the other party still wanted him to call for help. Although Qi Decheng didn't understand the other party's intention, he was pondering in his heart. If he really wanted to call for help, who should he call?

Call the police?

He was afraid that before he pressed 110, the other party would make things difficult for him. Other than the police, who else could he call?

He could only ask someone from the underworld for help.

The underworld's problems should be solved by the underworld. This was also the rule of the underworld. Zhang Wanjun looked like a complete underworld person, so Qi Decheng thought that he should quickly call his friend from the underworld. Maybe this matter could be settled in the middle.

Soon, Qi Decheng thought of a friend of his, who was also a well-known figure in the underworld in the county. His background was very unusual. If Qi Decheng asked him for help, he might even know Zhang Wanjun. The entire Hai Province was not very big, and the people in the underworld were very familiar with each other. It was very likely that they knew each other or had connections with each other. With a middleman to put in a few good words, this matter might be over.

Therefore, Qi Decheng immediately took out his mobile phone and called the other party. As soon as the phone was connected, he hurriedly said, "Brother Min, I'm Decheng. I have some trouble, and I need your help."