Chapter 381

Guo Haiming knew that Makino Technology had not released a new version of Happy Farm, but he didn't expect that the new version would coincidentally choose the same development direction as his new version.

Happy Farm did not open up the structure of the tertiary industry in this update, but the processing system derived from agriculture was basically updated by 80%. The scale was so huge, and the logic of the game was so meticulous that it basically made the newly updated QQ Fishery disappear.

At the same time, Happy Farm's poultry and livestock were officially released. In addition to farms, players could also play on ranches, but everything was integrated into the framework of Happy Farm.

Every update made by Li Mu for QQ Fishery, in the eyes of players and industry insiders, was beyond the essence of QQ Fishery. If the original Happy Farm was compared to a bicycle, when QQ Fishery also imitated and created a bicycle, Li Mu immediately upgraded Happy Farm to a motorcycle. When his opponent created a three-wheeled motorcycle with a roof based on the framework of a motorcycle, Li Mu directly drove a real four-wheeled car, forever ahead of his opponent by an era.

When Guo Haiming saw the latest version of Happy Farm, he instantly lost hope in QQ Fishery. He finally found an innovative direction, but he didn't expect that his opponent had already gone far in this direction. Such a blow was really too big. What's more, the company had just invested millions of advertisements for QQ Fishery. In addition to the product placement in the Spring Festival Gala skit, the company also bought various offline advertisements in first-tier cities in advance. They were waiting for the popularity of the Spring Festival Gala to die down and then use offline advertisements. But now it seemed that all their efforts might be in vain.

QQ Fishery lost users again, and the data fluctuations were quite obvious. Basically, it fell back to the level before the Spring Festival Gala in just one day. But Happy Farm didn't get any benefits either. Although it made such a big update, the number of new users was not much. The new version's biggest function was to stabilize the existing users. So in this way, Li Mu still suffered a certain loss. If it weren't for QQ Fishery, he could only update once every three months or even half a year and only update a small number of new things each time. That would be enough to maintain the loyalty of users. But now he had been forced by QQ Fishery to make two big updates in a row, and a lot of his product reserves were consumed by QQ Fishery.

However, in the end, he still wanted to win completely and protect the cash flow of Happy Farm. Hence, this sacrifice was nothing to Li Mu.

It was the New Year, and the mood of Teng Xun's higher-ups was gloomy because of Li Mu's crushing of them again.

The players of Happy Farm, on the other hand, were very happy because they discovered a rule. As long as QQ Fishery was updated, Happy Farm would immediately be updated, and it was always more fun than QQ Fishery.

Therefore, everyone regarded QQ Fishery as a living Lei Feng. If it weren't for it, Happy Farm wouldn't have been able to update so many interesting content so quickly. Therefore, the dying Q Bar experienced a small peak in traffic in the next two days. A large number of users swarmed into the QQ Fishery in the Q Bar and posted on the QQ Fishery to thank QQ Fishery for its contributions to the players of Happy Farm.

After the new version of Happy Farm was released, Li Mu's energy was no longer focused on this matter. On the first and second day of the New Year, the television programs were almost dominated by the afterglow of the Spring Festival Gala. On the third day of the New Year, the micro movie "Oldboys" directed by Li Mu was finally going to premiere.

Originally, Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan contacted more than twenty first-tier cities and provincial TV stations, asking them to premiere "Oldboys" on their respective TV stations at the same time. Without exception, all these TV stations agreed to cooperate. This was because Li Mu had made it clear that Makino Image, as the copyright owner of the movie, would not charge these TV stations a single cent for the rights to broadcast the movie.

As "Simple Plan" was very famous, coupled with the fact that it was already announced that they would be appearing on the Spring Festival Gala, it was destined that after New Year's Eve, they would become even more famous. Hence, all the television stations were very willing to cooperate with them. Moreover, it was the golden period of the television station's development. The headquarters had not yet begun to fully interfere with the production and broadcasting of television programs, so all the major television stations had a very high degree of autonomy. After understanding the script of "Oldboys", they gave a guarantee that they would definitely be able to broadcast it. After all, the theme of the entire micro movie was rather positive, and it did not violate any of the country's laws and regulations.

However, after receiving the sample footage, a few TV stations decided to back out. The feedback Ning Hao received was that a few TV stations in the north had a close advertising partnership with Ji Shenbai and Lao Baigan. Furthermore, "Oldboys" had scenes that obviously attacked and defamed Ji Shenbai and Lao Baigan, so they did not want to air it. Their solution was to edit out that part of the story before airing it.

Ji Shenbai's main market was concentrated in the north. Now, they had especially placed Beijing as their top priority. Hence, the few TV stations that refused to air the movie this time naturally included Beijing TV Station.

Ning Hao relayed the situation to Li Mu, and Li Mu only said one sentence: "Tell them that they either don't air it, or if they want to air it, they are not allowed to cut out a single part of our film!"

I'm letting you air it for free, and you're still trying to negotiate with me?

Do you know how many TV stations, magazines, and radio stations are hoping to invite "Simple Plan" to do an interview or be on the cover?

And right now, there's a micro movie with "Simple Plan's" main lead, which was adapted from their hit song. It's going to be aired for free. Even if the few TV stations in the north were not willing to air it, there were plenty of TV stations that were willing and fighting to air it. Li Mu did not care about these TV stations standing up for him. Without them, the micro movie "Oldboys" would still be popular. Don't forget that he still had an online platform!

On the third day of the first lunar month, every Tieba had a banner advertisement at the top. The micro movie "Oldboys", starring "Simple Plan", would be airing tonight at 8 PM!

Just this sentence alone attracted the attention of countless netizens.

"Simple Plan" was now the most talked-about celebrity. Their perfect performance at the Spring Festival Gala had garnered countless fans, and the movie they were starring in was actually titled "Oldboys", which was the same name as their classic inspirational song. These two factors were very attractive.

Clicking on the banner, the webpage jumped directly to the Easy Listening website. The Easy Listening website had specially set up a second page for "Simple Plan". This second page had the movie's promotional poster and an online broadcast button, but it was still grayed out. Beside the button, there was a countdown timer. It would be available to watch at 8 PM sharp. At the same time, there was a download button, which would also be available to download at 8 PM sharp.

The current internet speed was still very slow. Although technology supported online video, bandwidth was the key to the development of online video, so the user experience of online video would be very poor. This was also the reason why Li Mu wanted his colleagues to provide the source for the movie to be downloaded. Watching it online was too slow, so it would be much better if they downloaded it locally.

Other than that, Li Mu used an even more eye-catching area to introduce the list of TV stations that would be broadcasting "Oldboys". He also reminded the netizens that due to internet speed limitations, they should try their best to watch it on TV.

Not only was Li Mu warming up, but all the major TV stations were also warming up.

Starting from the morning of the second day of the New Year, all the TV stations that were confirmed to be broadcasting "Oldboys" would be interspersed with their main channel's programs. Li Mu got Ning Hao to edit a forty-second trailer for them, and they would broadcast it in between the various programs. There were a total of twenty-one TV stations. After two days and one night of warming up, at least tens of millions of people were looking forward to this micro movie.

In order to witness this moment, Li Mu sent a message to Su Yingxue in the afternoon, asking her if she was free tonight to watch the premiere of "Oldboys" with him at 8 PM sharp.

Su Yingxue replied, "My auntie's family is here. They're going to have dinner together at a restaurant tonight …"

Only then did Li Mu remember that Su Yingxue had previously told him that her auntie's family would be coming on the third day of the New Year.

Thinking about how Su Yingxue's auntie had been keeping a close eye on her, Li Mu's mood was somewhat low. He replied to Su Yingxue, "If that's the case, then you better accompany them for dinner."

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "The broadcast time is at 8 PM, right?"

"That's right."

Su Yingxue asked again, "Where do you want me to go with you?"

Li Mu: "There's a more private place where we won't be disturbed while watching TV."

Su Yingxue asked, "Is it far from Haizhou Hotel?"

Li Mu replied, "It's not far. We can get there in ten minutes if we drive."

Su Yingxue replied, "Then pick me up at Haizhou Hotel between 7: 30 PM and 7: 40 PM. Let me know when you arrive. I'll find an excuse to sneak out."

Li Mu asked, "Can you do it?"

Su Yingxue replied, "Why not? Even if I say I'm going to the washroom, I can still take the opportunity to sneak out."

Li Mu said, "Your family will definitely be angry, right?

After all, it's a gathering of so many relatives. "

Su Yingxue replied, "Don't worry, 'Oldboys' is your blood and sweat. How can I miss watching the premiere with you? Remember to pick me up on time."

Li Mu was overjoyed and replied, "I'll definitely be there on time!"

Li Mu's second uncle and aunt had already left, leaving only his parents and grandparents at home. Tonight, Li Ma was cooking at home. Li Mu purposely asked his mother to start dinner earlier, at 6: 30 PM. After dinner at 7 PM, Li Mu stood up and said, "Dad, Mom, Grandpa, Grandma, I have something to do. I'll be back later."

Li Ma asked, "Where are you going?"

Li Mu said, "A few high school classmates said they're getting together to sing."

Li Ma asked, "Are you driving?"

"Yes." Li Mu said, "Don't worry, we're just going to sing and chat. We won't be drinking."