Chapter 922

Just as Li Mu's shocking statement was being spread around the National People's Congress and the media, Li Mu, Liu Shixiong, Boss Lei, and his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, were already sitting in a private room of an indoor barbeque restaurant.

Li Ziwei was busy ordering food and drinks, while the three of them gathered together and excitedly chatted about the beautiful sniper battle that had taken place tonight.

Boss Lei vividly described the entire process of tonight's sniper battle, how he had fired the first shot, how he had added the second and third shots, and how he had practically pinned Le Tao down and punched him in the face. It was simply too satisfying.

Although Li Mu and Liu Shixiong weren't able to witness it with their own eyes, just hearing Lei Jianguo's description was enough to make their blood boil.

Liu Shixiong was so agitated that he slammed the table non-stop, his eyes wide open as he said, "This move was really too ruthless!

Old Lei, you're really worthy of being the marketing expert that Li Mu spoke of. Just that advertising slogan of yours, 'Happy Taobao World, All in Taobao Net' was enough to kill Le Tao! "

Lei Jianguo hurriedly said, "Old Liu, don't misunderstand, I was just giving a suggestion. The one who truly perfected this plan to the point where it was watertight was still Li Zong."

As he spoke, Cult Master Lei looked at Li Mu, counted his fingers, and said, "He was the one who came up with the strategy of more than one star shooting commercials and carpet bombing. The advertisements and website materials were prepared at sixteen different time points. He was also the one who came up with the strategy of 'biting hard and not letting go, biting hard and crippling to death'."

Liu Shixiong looked at Li Mu and laughed, "Looks like you're still the worst!"

Li Mu hurriedly explained, "This is an anti-invasion war. He didn't want to do B2B, but when he saw that we are doing C2C, he wanted to join in. Isn't this a provocation?

Since he's the one who initiated the competition, then don't blame us for being too ruthless. "

Lei Jianguo laughed, "We've found a total of 18 A-list singers from both sides of the Taiwan Strait and China to record commercials. Only three of them have been released tonight, and there are still 15 that haven't appeared yet. In the next few days, these 15 stars' commercials will be broadcast on all the major TV stations in the country. This pace will definitely make Le Tao fall into despair."

Liu Shixiong sighed, "I've been doing logistics everywhere, Li Mu, and you're trying to get the entire singing industry involved!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Right now, singers have the best relationship with us. From YY website to Tieba, to Taobao, and even to media resources, these singers are all looking forward to working with us. They come to Beijing to help me shoot an advertisement, and I help them do all kinds of promotions. It's a win-win situation, so why wouldn't they be happy?

Just Mu's example, Mo's Point, Tieba, and Mu, and Star.

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "That's true. In general, they're the biggest beneficiaries."

Lei Jianguo said with a smile, "Hurry up and spread out the logistics, and then come back. We'll fight side by side!"

Liu Shixiong laughed, "Old Lei, you have to hold on for a while. Although everything is going well in the logistics, it's all related to offline matters, and I can't get away at all."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Mr. Lei, the most important thing for us now is to crush Le Tao in this promotion. Liu Shixiong is busy with logistics, and I have a lot of Makino Technology's business to deal with, so we'll have to rely on you alone!"

Lei Jianguo nodded and said seriously, "Don't worry, in the next eight days, we'll definitely bite Le Tao to death. The number of users that Le Tao can convert will be far less than expected. We'll strive to make them doubt their lives!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "In theory, Le Tao starts from zero. Even if we interfere with the promotion effect, it's still adding on the basis of zero. So there will definitely be some users for them to settle down. Now the most important thing is whether the number of settled users can give the capital confidence. If the capital feels that it's completely unacceptable to invest so much in such a small return, then it will be difficult for Le Tao to get more capital in the future. In this case, it will die very soon. When the money is used up, it will naturally die."

Lei Jianguo said, "What I'm most worried about is that I'm afraid that they will be beaten to a state where they can barely survive. That's too disgusting."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, they will definitely enter a state where they can barely survive."

Li Mu's words made Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong very surprised.

Liu Shixiong even asked, "We've been fighting so hard, can't we beat them down?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "It's very difficult to completely wipe out an opponent in the Internet industry. Even when YY was fighting QQ, they could only cut down the number of QQ users as much as possible. If the QQ team still decided to continue operating QQ at that time, then there's nothing we can do about it. Only when their team feels that there's no need to continue, then they will choose to give up."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said with a smile, "Since that's the case, there's no need for us to be too concerned. We'll just do our best to beat them until they're no longer a threat to us."

Li Mu smiled noncommittally and suddenly changed the topic, saying to Lei Jianguo, "CEO Lei, with the publicity for our promotional event being so big, the sellers of ordinary Taobao shops will definitely come in to freeload. You must pay close attention. If there's an ordinary seller selling fake goods in Taobao, no matter what level of shop they are, they'll be permanently closed down. It's best if you can get a batch of them."

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "Don't worry, I definitely won't slack off in the work of cracking down on fake goods."

Li Mu said, "Not only can you not slack off, you also need to have a certain level of control."

Lei Jianguo asked in surprise, "What kind of control?"

Li Mu said, "First of all, don't mention anything about cracking down on fake goods before the event. Let those speculators come in first, then collect their evidence from the periphery. During the process of the event, we'll piece together the chain of evidence of their selling fake goods. When the time comes, we'll announce the results of cracking down on fake goods in batches. We'll release a batch first, so that the small and medium-sized sellers will feel insecure."

Lei Jianguo nodded and asked, "What about the rest?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "The rest is that once we start cracking down on fake goods, we have to think of a way to create public opinion in the industry, especially in the circle of small and medium-sized sellers. It's best if we can leak out our list of anti-fake goods through the sellers, but we have to make it look like we've leaked it internally."

Lei Jianguo frowned and thought for a moment before asking Li Mu, "What you're saying is that we'll sort out all the sellers who sell fake goods, announce a portion of it officially, and after causing panic, we'll leak the rest of it internally?"

"Yes!"

Li Mu said, "The leaked list must be complete, including the name of the shop, the credit rating of the shop, the sales volume, the identity of the shop owner, and their contact details."

Lei Jianguo looked confused.

Lei Jianguo didn't know about Li Mu's plan of "using dirty meat to attract flies", but Liu Shixiong was very clear about it. When he heard Li Mu's words, his eyes widened and he blurted out, "You're saying that once this list is leaked, Le Tao will make use of it?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Once Le Tao is pushed to the brink by us, they'll definitely find a chance to fight back. Although I don't know if they'll make use of this loophole, I hope they don't. But if they do, then sorry, when the time comes, they'll be sacrificed to the E-commerce legislation!"

When Lei Jianguo heard this, he immediately understood Li Mu's plan. He exclaimed, "This is' entrapment enforcement '!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right, entrapment enforcement!"

Li Mu wanted to create opportunities for Le Tao to make mistakes. When the time comes, if Taobao gets rid of a batch of sellers with a certain level of credibility and a certain customer base, then through "internal leaks", they'll leak the specific information and contact details of these sellers, which will definitely be a huge temptation for Le Tao.

Because these sellers are very mature small to medium-sized sellers, they have resources, experience, and are quick to get started. Once these people are pulled into his platform, it'll be equivalent to bringing in a huge number of potential customers and orders. For an E-commerce platform, the most important data is the number of users, orders, and turnover. Once these shop owners are eliminated by Taobao, they'll definitely be eager to change to another platform to continue making money. Therefore, once they go to a new platform, they'll protect their own interests and will definitely try their best to attract customers, which will greatly increase the website's data.

If Le Tao can resist touching this dirty piece of meat, Li Mu can allow Le Tao to survive in the cracks. After all, in the future, he can't monopolize the E-commerce industry. More and more new platforms will emerge and gain a foothold. But as long as they don't affect his position as the leader, Li Mu can keep his distance from them.

But!

If Le Tao can't resist touching this dirty piece of meat, it'll be extremely bad. It'll prove that for their own development, they can tacitly allow or even privately encourage the development of fake goods on their platform. This is also something Li Mu can't accept. When that happens, Li Mu will definitely think of all ways to get rid of them!

…

When the four of them drank and ate together, it was already past nine o 'clock in the morning in New York.

The news that eBay and Makino Technology invested in PayPal together had been fully reported by the American media early this morning. In particular, the translated version of Li Mu's press conference was also broadcasted on the New York TV in the morning. This time, the Makino Technology press conference hosted by Li Mu caused a sensation among the elites, especially the elites in the financial and securities circle.

Although it was a press conference for Makino Technology, for the Americans, it was equivalent to Makino Technology holding a press conference for eBay. Because Makino Technology was not listed, the good news announced by Li Mu at the press conference would directly affect eBay's opening stock price this morning.

For the capital market, the cooperation between eBay and Makino Technology was indeed a huge benefit. First of all, the negative news that had been almost digested before was suddenly reversed. eBay did not miss PayPal, but they invested in PayPal together with Makino Technology. Although they did not fully acquire PayPal, the controlling stake was enough.

This also meant that because of the joint investment of Makino Technology and eBay, the valuation of PayPal had more room for imagination. As the controlling party of PayPal's 51% shares, eBay's valuation naturally increased a lot.

What's more, Makino Technology's momentum was now extremely strong. If eBay could establish a cooperation with Makino Technology through PayPal, it would be much better than fighting alone!

Therefore, the stock market had entered a climax in advance today. Everyone was waiting to see how much eBay's stock price would rise when the market opened at 9: 30.

Wei Lan's father, Wei Jun, was also looking forward to the opening.

He had one million eBay shares in his hands, and he started buying them at the price of 49 US dollars. After buying one million shares, the average holding cost was 48.40 US dollars. According to the most conservative estimates of current securities analysts, this stock could rise to more than 63.5 US dollars in the near future with this big wave of good news.

The profit of each share of eBay shares in Wei Jun's hands would be more than 15 US dollars. This was at least 15 million US dollars in profit!

…