Chapter 874

The day after Lei Jianguo joined Taobao, Li Mu left him alone in Taobao.

As for himself, after learning about the surge in downloads of YY overseas, he immediately rushed to Makino Technology and held an emergency meeting.

In the meeting room, everyone was grinning from ear to ear. They did not think as much as Li Mu, nor did they take the initiative to consider the ability of Hua Xia's Internet industry to withstand the impact of overseas capital and peers. They devoted themselves to Makino Technology and only hoped that Makino Technology could become better and better.

Li Mu's global popularity was equivalent to a huge publicity boost for Makino Technology. In less than two days, many things had changed fundamentally.

Therefore, Li Mu temporarily put aside the main topic he wanted to discuss and listened to everyone's feedback on the current changes in various aspects.

First of all, Ding Zhenglin's feedback was that the capital was a little anxious. Including Sequoia and SoftBank, six venture capital firms had offered an estimated price of 20 billion yuan. 20 billion yuan!

It was terrifying!

Moreover, the highest offer was from Japan's SoftBank, which offered an extremely high price of 23 billion yuan. Moreover, this was the intended valuation given by the capital under the premise that Ding Zhenglin and the capital parties would split Makino Technology.

In other words, the current YY product system was worth a valuation of 20 billion yuan in the eyes of the capital. In just a few days, the market value had almost doubled.

It could not be helped. Li Mu was now almost like a star whose value had been underestimated. Suddenly, he appeared on the Spring Festival Gala, appeared on the cover of Time Magazine, and was even nominated for an Oscar. His salary and endorsement fees had skyrocketed overnight, and the market's confidence had doubled. It was like a stock that was particularly optimistic in the stock market. From the day the market opened, it had been rising all the way, triumphantly.

Li Mu was surprised, but he suppressed his excitement and told Ding Zhenglin, "Continue to mediate. Now that SoftBank has offered the highest price, we must maintain an ambiguous relationship with SoftBank, even a deep one, and use this to force Sequoia to offer a better price or better conditions. I am still inclined to take Sequoia's money."

Ding Zhenglin nodded and said excitedly, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I will definitely fight for the best financing conditions for the company."

Then, the technical core, Fang Xudong, told Li Mu, "Yesterday, I received more emails from Chinese friends and former colleagues in Silicon Valley. This time, Makino Technology's reputation in Silicon Valley has greatly increased. They all have the intention to return to Hua Xia and join Makino Technology. If we take advantage of our current reputation in the US market and concentrate on recruiting high-end talents in Silicon Valley, we should be able to gain a lot."

Li Mu agreed with this.

Who in the internet industry didn't know the importance of technology?

Countless people in the business of products and operations started their own businesses. What they lacked the most was a technical talent who was willing to start a business with them.

In order to find a suitable technology partner, countless entrepreneurs and companies have spoken on various channels, saying: "Everything is ready, only the technology is missing."

Every time Li Mu saw this kind of talk, he would snort disdainfully. Damn, they didn't even have the skills, and they dared to say that they were prepared?

What did they have?!

When he thought of the large number of Chinese talents in Silicon Valley, Li Mu's heart itched. If he wanted to make bigger and more important products, he must have a strong technical research and development strength. The world's best technical personnel were basically all in Silicon Valley. Silicon Valley also gave birth to countless software and hardware products that could affect the world in the future. Among them were the companies with the highest market value in the future, Apple, Google, and Facebook. Moreover, the two major smartphone operating systems in the future were also born in Silicon Valley, completely promoting the arrival of the mobile internet era.

Li Mu's current plan was to start laying out the mobile internet before his competitors after gaining a foothold in the traditional internet industry. He would definitely use both software and hardware to bring the mobile internet into his kingdom in advance. As long as he could take the lead in the mobile internet industry, Li Mu believed that within the next ten years, Makino Technology would have the opportunity to rise to the top of the world's internet industry.

Li Mu said: "I think we need to organize a job fair. Not in China, but in the US, in Silicon Valley. Not only do we need to organize a job fair, but we also need to set up a branch in Silicon Valley. Not only do we need to attract Chinese talents back to China, but we also need to attract overseas talents. It might not be easy to attract US and Indian Silicon Valley elites to China, but we can let them work for us in Silicon Valley."

Lin Ching-ah said: "Li Zong, in order to promote the English version of 'Happy Farm', we have already registered a branch in the US. It's just an empty shell now, and we can land in Silicon Valley at any time."

Li Mu said: "The previously registered branch will be brought into the territory of our game company first. Next, we need to quickly complete the company's division and then raise funds."

As he spoke, Li Mu turned around and picked up a black whiteboard pen. He wrote on the whiteboard: "In the future, our Makino Technology will be divided into four companies with independent capital. The first is Makino Technology, which corresponds to the entire YY ecosystem.

"The second is Makino Culture, which corresponds to the entire business line of Tieba, blogs, and future blog derivatives.

"The third is Makino Entertainment, which corresponds to the client-side entertainment system that we are going to re-promote next. I have plans to bring my Storm Entertainment into this business as well, and reintegrate it into a whole game entertainment company.

"The fourth is Makino Image, which corresponds to our future strategic planning in film and television entertainment."

After saying this, Li Mu capped the pen, tapped the whiteboard with the pen, and said: "Once the division of these four companies is completed, we will quickly proceed in two steps. Under the system of Makino Technology, we will set up a US branch in Silicon Valley. Then, we will merge the previously registered US branch into Makino Entertainment, and in the future, we will use this branch to promote 'Happy Farm' overseas."

Lin Ching-ah volunteered: "Li Zong, leave the recruitment in Silicon Valley and the registration of the branch to me."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile: "Even if you didn't mention it, I was going to let you go."

As he said this, Li Mu said to Kong Lingyu: "From today onwards, immediately contact the US server rentals, and quickly set up more overseas servers. Right now, our YY has started to have more overseas users. The capacity of the previously rented overseas servers is limited, and we need to increase it as soon as possible. If the overseas servers can't keep up, the user experience will definitely not be able to keep up."

At present, YY had set up servers all over the world. This was originally for the convenience of Chinese users all over the world. Considering the limited market space at that time, and the total number of overseas users was limited, the overseas servers were all rented out. However, the capacity was limited, after all. Adding hundreds of thousands of new users was equivalent to adding tens of thousands of concurrent online users. This had already put a lot of pressure on the North American servers. If they did not quickly expand, they would soon not be able to handle the load.

Kong Lingyu immediately said: "Don't worry, Boss. Previously, when we were preparing to promote 'Happy Farm' overseas, we already contacted the overseas server rentals. We can remotely rent a batch of servers at any time to meet our initial needs. Right now, there are not many overseas users of YY, so it will definitely not be a problem to satisfy them."

"Renting is definitely not a long-term solution."

Li Mu said: "Let's do it this way. In the next few days, immediately organize an internal server team and send them to the United States for a long-term stay. They will be in charge of setting up our own servers under the United States branch. In the future, not only YY, but also 'Happy Farm' will also need sufficient and complete server support to ensure the best gaming experience. This work has to be carried out as soon as possible."

Kong Lingyu nodded: "Then I'll start preparing right away."

Li Mu then said to Lin Ching-ah: "The scale of our enterprise is also relatively large, and we have a branch in the United States. At the same time, we are also in the internet industry, so we will definitely have a very deep interaction with the United States market in the future. Quickly study the current business visa policy in the United States and strive for the most favorable policy for our company. It would be best if all of our current employees can smoothly apply for visas after the company provides the corresponding documents."

Lin Ching-ah said: "Then I'll look into it today."

…

Hundreds of thousands of new overseas users. For Li Mu, it was almost an unintentional and unexpected harvest. However, he did not expect that this unexpected harvest would continue to expand!

Overnight, among the American elites, a new tool quietly began to become popular.

This "tool" was YY.

Although YY itself was purely an instant messaging and social media software, for the American elites, although this software had super awesome communication and social media functions, they did not use it for social media.

The reason why they did not use it for instant messaging and social media was not because it was not easy to use, but because the American elites came into contact with instant messaging software too early, much earlier than Hua Xia users. Therefore, they already had many years of accumulated relationships on MSN and ICQ. Although YY's communication and social media functions were far superior to MSN and ICQ, it was too difficult to establish a relationship with a social media software. It was difficult for anyone to change the habits of hundreds or even thousands of friends at the same time. Switching to another software was too much work, and it was also very difficult to implement. Therefore, even though YY was awesome, these elites only added their colleagues and partners who were also using YY.

Everyone tried YY because they saw the media reports. They wanted to see what kind of product Li Mu, who was regarded by the Silicon Valley media as "the world's top ten product managers," had created. However, they did not expect that once they tried it, they immediately realized that it was a huge revolution in the office field!

In the eyes of the American elites, many of the additional functions of YY were simply nature-defying!

For example, its group function was simply the best choice for company internal online discussions and business project online discussions. Not only did it support text, pictures, and even file sharing. For these American elites, they had never come into contact with such an efficient and well-functioning group communication and file sharing platform.

For example, its file transfer function supported online transmission, supported breakpoint continuation, and most importantly, it also f * cking supported offline transmission!

In addition, what was even more awesome was YY's unique streaming media transmission technology. Using YY to conduct voice and video chat was extremely smooth, and the picture and sound quality were outstanding. Even group voice and video communication between a few or more than a dozen people was very smooth. This was too awesome!

This was because all the companies in the United States that needed to conduct video teleconferencing had all used specialized hardware solutions. This kind of terminal equipment that was similar to a landline phone and specifically used for video calls was not only expensive to purchase, but the service fees were also very expensive.

However, video teleconferencing itself was a high-efficiency productivity improvement solution. Even though the terminal equipment cost was very high, it was still favored by the American elites. However, everyone had only just realized, damn it, what kind of bullsh * t terminal equipment was this!

Hua Xia's software could achieve a video call effect that was not inferior to the other party's!

The connection was simple and easy to use. This was even more user-friendly than the terminal equipment!

The transmission quality of images and audio was not inferior!

The stability was not inferior either!

What was even more awesome was that it could break through the limitations of dedicated terminal equipment. As long as one had a laptop, even if one was drinking coffee in Starbucks, they could still participate in the company's video conference. This breakthrough made mobile work even more convenient!

More importantly, the video teleconferencing service provided by this software was completely free!

Free!!

Free!!!

Coupled with other awesome functions, YY gave the American elites a feeling: This was no longer just powerful, it was simply powerful to the point of being sick!

All the American elites who were trying out YY were enthusiastically discussing it on the American Internet:

Wasn't Hua Xia's Internet still at the level of the United States in the 1990s?

How did they come up with such an awesome product?

That twenty-year-old kid named Li Mu, was he really the founder of YY?

How did he come up with so many functions that made people regret not meeting him earlier?

As a product manager, wasn't this guy's thinking a little too far ahead?

To be honest, this guy not only had a super awesome thinking model in terms of product functions, but he also had superhuman capabilities in terms of interface design, user experience, and even visual friendliness!

Compared to it, MSN and ICQ were not only difficult to use, but their interfaces were also extremely ugly!

As for YY's interface design, it was like a product that was out of this era. It was as amazing as those concept cars launched by car manufacturers that would never be mass-produced!

Because of YY's superior product functions in the office, YY began to spread among the American elites. At first, it was only used in Silicon Valley. Later, the financial elites on Wall Street also began to use it. Later, those elites working in the world's top 500 also began to try out this "magical software" from Hua Xia under the recommendation of their partners.