Chapter 688

Wang Shaohua, who had always been mediocre in the unit, suddenly became the favorite of the first and second leaders. This strange change confused all the staff of the Construction Committee.

Wang Shaohua was just criticized by Dong Chengwei yesterday and was even suspended from work to reflect on himself. But this morning, he actually came to the unit on time and was invited to Secretary Liu's office. Dong Chengwei, who had just used Wang Shaohua to establish his authority yesterday, personally issued a new notice to the whole unit. Not only did he revoke all the punishments against Wang Shaohua, Dong Chengwei even personally apologized, saying that he did not investigate clearly yesterday's incident clearly, and he took all the responsibility.

Ma Bingliang was dumbfounded. He was about to ask Secretary Dong what was going on, but he was called into Dong Chengwei's office by Dong Chengwei and scolded. Dong Chengwei questioned Ma Bingliang angrily, "Wang Shaohua clearly asked you for leave. Why did you say that he was absent from work without reason?"

Ma Bingliang knew that something was wrong. Dong Chengwei suddenly fell out with him. He guessed that Wang Shaohua must have secretly done something. Maybe Wang Shaohua had found some connections to suppress Dong Chengwei. At this time, Ma Bingliang was very clear that no matter what, he must not admit that he deliberately framed Dong Chengwei. Otherwise, Dong Chengwei might take the opportunity to punish him for framing his subordinate. So, he could only bear the responsibility and not admit anything.

So, Ma Bingliang pretended to be innocent and said, "Secretary Dong, Wang Shaohua did ask me for leave, but I did not approve it. If I did not approve his leave, he did not come to work without reason. Isn't that considered absenteeism?"

Dong Chengwei frowned, "Are you still trying to deny it?"

Ma Bingliang said with a sad face: "Secretary Dong, are you making things difficult for me? I am not lying. Wang Shaohua asked me for leave, and I did not approve it. If I had approved it, Wang Shaohua must have a leave slip. You can ask the HR department to see if they have his leave slip, and you can prove my innocence."

How could Dong Chengwei not know Ma Bingliang's low IQ trick? The reason why he accepted what Ma Bingliang said before was that he wanted to take this opportunity to set up a negative image of Wang Shaohua, so he took advantage of the situation. But his heart was like a mirror. At that time in his office, Wang Shaohua's expression was not fake. As he said, he naturally asked Ma Bingliang for leave that day, and Ma Bingliang naturally approved it, but Ma Bingliang deliberately did not give him the leave slip. So now this matter was that both sides insisted on their own words, and there was no evidence.

Seeing that Ma Bingliang was now determined to deny it, Dong Chengwei gritted his teeth in anger. Ma Bingliang was indeed a smart person. Before, he used Dong Chengwei to mess with Wang Shaohua. He must know that the specific route of Line 10 was about to be announced, and the construction committee's work was at its peak. He also knew that Dong Chengwei needed to establish his authority as a newcomer, so he set up such a trap for Dong Chengwei and Wang Shaohua. If it was a normal day, even if an employee was absent from work for no reason for one day, it was not a big deal. Everyone had a stable job in the system, and they could easily get away with a sick leave. How could it escalate to the level of a notice of criticism, suspension, and reflection?

Now, Ma Bingliang saw that Dong Chengwei's mood was not right, and he immediately realized that something was wrong. So he insisted on not admitting it, but he had to admit that he really had sharp eyes. If he really admitted it, Dong Chengwei would definitely take him out today and put all the blame on him.

Framing a subordinate in the unit was too bad. Dong Chengwei must take him out. On the one hand, he would give Wang Shaohua an explanation, and on the other hand, he would let the powerful man behind Wang Shaohua not cause trouble for him. But Ma Bingliang also saw the seriousness of the problem. If Wang Shaohua refused to admit it, Dong Chengwei would not have any strong evidence. Naturally, there was no way to push yesterday's matter to Wang Shaohua. In the end, Dong Chengwei could only take the blame!

Ma Bingliang also calculated that if he did not admit it, he would offend Dong Chengwei at most, and Dong Chengwei had something on him. There was no way to really threaten him, so it was clear that Ma Bingliang wanted to turn against Dong Chengwei to protect himself.

Dong Chengwei was so angry that his liver hurt, but Ma Bingliang was a veteran senior cadre in the Construction Committee. It was not so easy for Dong Chengwei, the new second-in-command, to deal with Ma Bingliang, especially when there was no evidence.

Helpless, Dong Chengwei could only drive Ma Bingliang away with hatred. He was so angry in the office that he wanted to smash the cup. He said in his heart, "Ma Bingliang, Ma Bingliang, you have guts. I will take the blame this time. We still have a long way to go."

On the other side, Wang Shaohua was flattered by Secretary Liu's hospitality in Secretary Liu's office. Secretary Liu sent the secretary out, personally invited him to sit down, personally poured tea for him, and specially asked about the cause and effect of the whole thing. After this question, Secretary Liu also understood in his heart that Ma Bingliang wanted to mess with Wang Shaohua, and Dong Chengwei became the fool who was used.

After Secretary Liu asked about the specific details, he also knew that it was basically unrealistic to really get to the bottom of this matter. If Ma Bingliang refused to admit it, the Construction Committee would certainly not continue to argue about whether there was a leave or not. Therefore, he promised Wang Shaohua that after this period of time, he would transfer Ma Bingliang to the Construction Committee of the surrounding counties, so that he would be demoted in secret and get rid of this black sheep from the team of the Construction Committee of the City. Wang Shaohua was honest and not very good at the ways of deception in the officialdom.

Wang Shaohua was an honest man and was not very good at deception in the officialdom. But this time, he was also forced by Ma Bingliang. He thought that if it weren't for Li Mu, he would have been unemployed at home now. And after a notice of criticism, his future in the Construction Committee was ruined. Ma Bingliang had ulterior motives, so he naturally could not be soft-hearted. So, he also learned from others and said tactfully, "Secretary Liu, you are a wise man. No matter how you deal with it, I have no opinion."

Secretary Liu's heart was like a mirror. What he meant was that he should do as he saw fit, and he should pay more attention to Wang Shaohua. He was also very clear about the interests in this. He knew very well what kind of person Li Mu was. He was probably the most troublesome person in the police system. He was rich, too rich. Seeing that he and Chen Ze were both shareholders of Wanying Group, there was no need to say more about Li Mu's connections. In short, Secretary Liu could not afford to offend him. In this case, what else could he think about? Naturally, he had to side with Wang Shaohua.

Moreover, Secretary Liu did not have any psychological burden in his heart. This matter was not his fault, and he was a good problem-solver. If things were solved well, naturally, he could gain face and favor in front of people like Chen Ze and Li Mu. Therefore, he must treat Wang Shaohua as one of his own people. As for Ma Bingliang, he really had to thank him. Otherwise, how could he know that there was such a hidden talent like Wang Shaohua under him?

As a result, Wang Shaohua was easily restored to his original position, and it was a blessing in disguise. He became one of Secretary Liu's people. As for what happened yesterday, he just regarded it as a mistake, but Dong Chengwei and Ma Bingliang felt terrible. Both of them knew very well that the future would be much more difficult.

…

Soon, something unexpected happened. In less than a week, on the next Monday, which was July 15th, the Yanjing Municipal Government announced the final route map of Yanjing Metro Line 10 to the public.

The Municipal Government announced that Yanjing Metro Line 10 would be divided into two phases. At the end of this year, the first phase of Line 10 would start construction. The first phase of the project would be east-west and north-south lines, with an overall 90-degree orientation. The east-west route would first take Beitucheng Road, and the north-south route would take East Third Ring Road!

East Third Ring Road!

The north-south route of the first phase of Line 10, which the Municipal Government, the Olympic Organizing Committee, and the Office of Heavy Industry had been struggling for a long time, was finally set at East Third Ring Road!

As soon as this result was announced, the development potential of East Third Ring Road instantly exploded. It was originally guarding East Third Ring Road, and now it would welcome a subway. Think about it, there was auxiliary road traffic on the ground, a ring road overpass overhead, and a subway under the feet. This trinity of traffic all converged on East Third Ring Road. The land price of East Third Ring Road instantly rose. Owners who intended to sell their second-hand houses began to urgently withdraw their sales advertisements. Many owners who had already signed agreements of intent and even received buyers' deposits immediately broke their contracts. The most outrageous thing was that some houses had just been sold and the new owners had just moved in, but the old owners actually brought people to rob the house. Even in the face of the police, they arrogantly said that even if they had to rob, they would rob the house back, or make the new owners compensate for the difference in price!

In the entire real estate industry, there were some who were happy and some who were worried. According to normal thinking, the municipal government had always weighed the pros and cons when planning transportation resources. For example, the earliest route of Line 10, which was east-west, was not set on the North Third Ring Road. Many people felt that this was the city's way of weighing the pros and cons. The North Third Ring Road had the Third Ring Road, and the traffic was already very convenient. In this case, for the development of the urban area, building a subway on the North Earth Road outside the Third Ring Road would not only speed up the expansion of the urban area, but also balance the traffic resources between the Third Ring Road, the Third Ring Road, and the Fourth Ring Road.

Therefore, most of the real estate developers took it for granted that the north-south direction must be the same as the east-west direction. In order to accelerate the expansion of the urban area, they had to balance the internal and external traffic resources. Therefore, they chose the area outside the East Third Ring Road, just like the east-west line, which was parallel to the Third Ring Road. This was also the principle of Yan Jing City's construction: East, West, North, and South should be developed in a positive direction, and the Ring Road should be parallel to each other. How could the east-west direction be symmetrical with the North Third Ring Road, while the north-south direction was overlapping with the South Third Ring Road?

But things were not as they had imagined!

The municipal government, which had always paid attention to balance, parallelism, east, west, south, and north, suddenly changed its approach!

The north-south direction of Line 10 overlapped with the East Third Ring Road!

Many people were questioning why!

Why did the East Third Ring Road receive such extraordinary treatment?

Ring Road, auxiliary road, and subway all in one?

But the reasoning given by the municipal government was very sufficient: First, the East Third Ring Road was an economically developed commercial area; Second, the East Third Ring Road was close to the embassy area; Third, the airport expressway would intersect at the Third Ring Road at the Third Ring Road at the Third Ring Road, which was also its starting point in the city. Finally, the future airport line would also set up a station at the Third Ring Road. Damn, the Third Ring Road was going to fly to the sky!

Not to mention the Trinity, there was also the airport expressway and the airport express rail, why didn't they fly!

No, in this case, was it still far from flying?

The real estate developers immediately opened the map and focused on the land around the Third Ring Road. They were all surprised to find that the newly emerged Wan Ying Group actually owned four pieces of land near the Third Ring Road!

What a beast!

Hey, wait!

They just bought a piece of land from the Hongzhu Group, where was it?

East Third Ring Road?

Wasn't that still the Third Ring Road!!!