Chapter 1633

Li Mu planned to integrate the performance school into the project of the film and television base, and fully adopt the Hollywood software, that is to say, Hollywood talents and teaching methods to cultivate domestic actors.

When the acting school developed to a certain extent, it could also copy other fields of the Hollywood film industry, such as screenwriting, directing, photography, editing, and so on.

However, Li Mu didn't want to complicate the school. He didn't want it to play any high and mighty role, so he positioned it as a private training institution. He didn't even need the approval of the education department for the graduation certificate. As long as the strength of the students could be recognized by the film industry, it would be fine.

Li Mu had always felt that whether it was the Yanjing Film Academy, the Central Academy of Drama, or the Shanghai Academy of Drama, these so-called authoritative academies of the Hua Xia film industry, the success rate of the actors was not high. This was not only related to the exaggerated acting industry, but also related to the whole actor training system.

Acting was a skill, not a subject. Therefore, the most important thing for the school was to teach this set of skills to their students. Before the skill itself was taught well, everything else was meaningless.

Just like the English training institutions like New Oriental, the real meaning of its existence was to let students really master English, not to let students take a certificate issued by some institution.

In fact, in Li Mu's eyes, there were many actors in the Hua Xia film and television industry who had a diploma but no skills. It was like learning English, and it was easy to get a CET-6 certificate, but in the end, when they met a foreigner, they couldn't even speak a normal pronunciation. How could such a person be a good actor?

Therefore, he had to put skills training in the first place. It didn't matter if the certificate of the school was not recognized by the education department. It was just acting, and it didn't matter whether the education department recognized it or not.

When Hong Kong's TVB and TVB were recruiting new students, they only looked at their appearance and acting skills. That was why Tony Leung had accompanied his friend for an audition and ended up being chosen. Only by wholeheartedly immersing himself in the cultivation and teaching of acting skills could he cultivate a good actor.

Besides, Li Mu himself had the support of the Makino Image, and he had a huge film and television base project. In the future, the students trained by this school would not have to worry about not having a film to shoot.

After a detailed discussion with Spielberg, Li Mu decided to start with acting training, but it would be divided into two systems.

It was a two-year education system. This education system was basically based on the training method and rhythm of Hollywood extras. Within two years, they would be able to cultivate ordinary actors with passing acting skills. However, even if they were extras, after two years of systematic training, their acting skills would be enough to pass.

The second system was a four-year system, which would provide more in-depth acting training, so that actors could at least be competent for the main roles in ordinary TV series and movies.

The four-year education system was the same as the undergraduate classes in film academies, but all courses other than acting would be abandoned. Students would be able to devote themselves wholeheartedly to honing their acting skills. As long as the training method was scientific and effective, four years was enough to nurture an outstanding actor.

Spielberg had learned some things about Hua Xia. He asked Li Hua, "Hua Xia is the school. How it is going to recruit Hua Xia students, Film and Academy." Film "Film" Academy was the Academy.

I feel that, with the current economic situation of Hua Xia, there are not many people who can afford to attend a four-year training program. "

Li Mu said, "Of course. For many young people, they have a strong desire to go to the Film Academy. It's not only because the Film Academy has a strong halo effect, but also because the Film Academy itself is an institution of higher learning recognized by the Ministry of Education. At least they can get a bachelor's degree. It's really difficult for them to give up this goal and directly participate in the four-year skills training."

Speaking of this, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "But it all depends on what is on the other side of the scale. If the other side of the scale is the improvement of acting skills, and the other side of the scale is four years, four years of tuition, and giving up the degree, I guess many people will not dare to take this step. So, we can prepare for two things."

"The first thing is to perfect the scholarship system. We will not have a cultural exam, but only an acting class. As long as they can pass the acting class, we will identify them as our students. At the same time, according to their scores in the acting exam, we can provide them with more scholarships. If they are excellent, the scholarship can cover all their tuition and fees. If they are good, the scholarship can cover most of their tuition and fees. If they are not bad, the scholarship can cover half or a small part of their tuition and fees."

"The second thing is the pre-contract system for actors and artists. All the students who pass the acting exam can sign a contract with Makino Image in advance and become a contracted artist of Makino Image. The contract starts from the time they enter the school. It can be chosen for six, eight, or ten years. After signing with us, we can cover all their tuition and fees. If they are excellent, we can even give them a certain salary so that they can get their salary on the day they sign the contract."

After that, Li Mu paused and then continued, "In addition to these two kinds of people, the rest are those who are willing to be beaten. If they really want to practice their acting skills and don't need a diploma recognized by the Ministry of Education, they can come to our school."

"In addition, although our school can't provide a diploma recognized by the Ministry of Education, we have strong promotion resources, which means that we will have a strong ability to create stars in the future, which is very attractive to many young people."

Spielberg nodded and said, "As long as this school can reach a certain scale and steadily send one to two hundred actors with real acting skills to Hua Xia's film and television industry every year in a few years, then the change to the film and television industry will be very far-reaching."

As he said that, Spielberg gave an example. "Haven't you always been very satisfied with the acting skills of Hua Xia's extras? I think this situation is actually not difficult to change."

"Although there are a lot of extras in Hollywood, there are generally only a few hundred to a thousand people who often appear on screen in films and TV series. However, these hundreds of people are competent for roles with certain lines and certain exposure. But on average, there are only a dozen or more of such actors in a play. In addition, everyone's style in each play is different, so these people are enough to meet the needs of Hollywood. Our top priority is to train a group of such actors first. The film and television industry is the same as other industries. The most terrible thing is that everyone is bad at the same time. If that happens, it will be completely hopeless. But as long as there is one who is not bad and gets better and better, the others will definitely work hard to improve."

Li Mu agreed and said, "This is also the result I am looking forward to. Once there are people in this industry who work hard, and more and more people start to work hard, this industry will definitely get better and better."

Spielberg asked, "Has the project of the film and television base started construction now?"

Li Mu said, "We are preparing for the construction. If we are fast, it will be fully launched before the end of this year."

Spielberg said again, "In that case, it will take a long time for the school to be built, right?"

Li Mu said, "After I go back this time, I will first select a site, and then come up with a set of plans as soon as possible. Once the plan is finalized, it will be included in the first phase of the project. However, before the construction, we can first rent a suitable place in Yanjing City."

Spielberg nodded. "I'll be at your disposal."

…

After Li Mu and Spielberg finalized the details of the performance school, there were countless topics about "Flying Tigers" on the Internet. The on-site reporters sent by Makino Technology also began to release their own exclusive news. Among them, there was news about the dog, the Corgi given by the Queen.

Because the reporters of Makino Technology followed and recorded the whole process, they had detailed video information, including a series of photos of Li Mu taking the dog to the airport by car, boarding the plane, flying, and landing.

The reporter team immediately sent these photos back to the headquarters. The editors at the headquarters immediately began to select dozens of photos from hundreds of photos that they were satisfied with, and then began to publish these photos on Weibo one after another.

The editorial team of Makino Technology directly published versions in both Chinese and English. The general meaning was that Li Mu went to Yun Province today to visit the set of "Flying Tigers" and deliberately brought the Corgi given to him by the Queen of England.

With the photos of Li Mu and the dog, this news quickly became popular on the Internet. On Weibo and Twitter, the popularity rose very quickly, almost surpassing a lot of related topics.

Just like the story of the son of the richest man and his sled dog, as long as a person traveled with a dog, it would definitely create hot news. Although Li Mu did not know if there was a mastermind behind it, it was undeniable that as an ordinary netizen, he did pay extra attention to the dog raised by the son of the richest man.

An ordinary sled dog could create a hot topic. The Corgi given to Li Mu by the Queen alone was enough to create a hot topic.

People all over the world paid attention to Li Mu and his Corgi. In a very short period of time, even the dog had a strong enough fan base.

Among them, British netizens were most interested in this Twitter post. They thought that the dog Li Mu was holding was a gift from their Queen. Li Mu also attended public events with it, which was enough to prove the importance that Li Mu attached to the dog and the royal family. Therefore, for British netizens, there was a special sense of intimacy.

For a time, the British royal family also became a hot topic. People began to discuss the Queen, the Queen's dog, and the entire Windsor family.