Chapter 1032

Li Mu's schedule for this trip to the United States was as short as a week, and as long as ten days and a half months. However, the carry-on luggage he prepared was very simple. There was a 20-inch boarding box with two sets of clothes and some simple personal items in it. Other than that, there was only a laptop and nothing else.

After sending Zhao Ziqiu back to Yan University, Li Mu drove to the airport alone and met the large group waiting at the airport.

This time, there were eleven people going to the United States with Li Mu. In addition to his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, there were three bodyguards, including Wang Yuanlang. These four people were Li Mu's personal team, and the remaining seven people were all negotiators organized by Ding Zhenglin, as well as financial and legal representatives.

Compared to the last time when Makino Technology's employees chartered a plane to the United States and held a farewell ceremony at the airport, Li Mu and his team left in a very low-key manner. They didn't charter a plane, and they just happened to buy the first-class seats on this flight. At the same time, they didn't inform the domestic media. Even American Sequoia Capital, who couldn't wait to talk with Li Mu, didn't know when Li Mu would go to the United States.

To avoid trouble, the team of twelve people waited in the airport's VIP lounge until all the other passengers had boarded the plane, and the flight attendants used opaque curtains to separate the first-class, business, and economy classes before they boarded the plane.

At 10: 40 in the morning, the plane that Li Mu and his team took took off at the Capital Airport. Li Mu lay on the semi-enclosed first-class seat, looking out the window at the Capital Airport that was getting smaller and smaller. His heart was filled with emotion.

Li Mu had never been to the United States before. As a programmer, he naturally saw the United States and Silicon Valley as the palace of expertise. Therefore, in his previous life, he had thought of traveling to the United States. However, due to a particularly strange reason, he was refused a visa by the embassy. Since then, Li Mu never thought of traveling to the United States again.

When Li Mu recalled the process of being denied his visa, it was still vivid in his mind. Back then, he had been working in Beijing for a few years and had more than 100,000 yuan in savings. Initially, he wanted to take out about 30,000 yuan of travel funds to visit the United States. In the end, after the visa officer looked at his career information and various other information, he asked him a question, "What are you going to do in the United States?"

Li Mu answered honestly, "To travel."

The consular officer asked him again, "Which city or region in America do you like best?"

Li Mu said, "I've never been to the United States, so I can't say where I like the most. If I have to say what I'm looking forward to, I'm looking forward to Silicon Valley the most."

The consular officer nodded approvingly and said, "Silicon Valley is the pride of the United States. Since you're working in the Internet industry, you should really visit Silicon Valley if you have the chance."

After that, the consular officer changed the topic and said, "But I'm sorry, I can't approve you this time. I hope you'll have the opportunity to visit Silicon Valley in the future."

Then, the consular officer rejected him without hesitation.

Li Mu's income, cash flow, and company guarantee all met the application requirements. Therefore, he was a little confused when the consular officer rejected him. Therefore, he asked the consular officer, "Can you tell me the reason for the rejection?"

The consular officer was patient and explained one by one, "First of all, you've never been out of the country. Second, you've worked in Beijing for so many years, but you don't have a residence in Beijing. You don't have a house or a house, and your savings are less than 20,000 USD. Third, your yearning for Silicon Valley makes me worry that you have the tendency to migrate, so I can't approve you."

At that time, Li Mu was dumbfounded and asked him, "Why do I have the tendency to migrate even though I've never been out of the country and don't have a car, house, or savings?

Isn't immigration a game only for the rich? "

The consular officer said apologetically, "Sir, what I'm going to say next might be a little too direct. Please forgive me."

After that, the consular officer said seriously, "The tendency to migrate is just a general statement. When it comes to you, it can be interpreted as a certain suspicion of working in Silicon Valley."

Li Mu suddenly realized that the consular officer had rejected him because he didn't have a car, house, or savings in Beijing. Moreover, he had shown an unusual yearning for Silicon Valley. He was afraid that Li Mu's purpose of going to the United States was not to travel, but to find a job in Silicon Valley, so he rejected him.

At that time, Li Mu suffered quite a blow. He felt that he was a failure as a drifter, so he held his breath. After leaving the embassy, he went to the Asian Games Village where there were many car dealers. He spent less than 100,000 USD to buy a Pentium B50. That was his first car, and it was also the most expensive item he had ever bought in his previous life.

Who would have thought that he, who was refused a visa to travel to the United States in his previous life, would now be on a plane to the United States? Moreover, he was going there to discuss a business deal worth more than a billion USD. Comparing the situation in his previous life to now, it was really like heaven and earth. It made people feel emotional.

When it came to the United States, Li Mu had a mixture of love and hate. It was undeniable that the United States had a strong position in the IT field. It gathered the top talents of the world and gave birth to countless great Internet companies. At the same time, it also gave birth to a large number of hardware companies that changed the development of the entire society.

But then again, the arrogance and arrogance of the Americans also made Li Mu hold a grudge against this country.

It was because of this mixed feeling that Li Mu especially wanted to use his own products to conquer the American market.

For Hua Xia's Internet companies, the weight behind the words "overseas market" was at least half in the United States.

If he wanted to conquer the world, he had to conquer the United States first!

…

San Francisco Airport.

Lin Ching-ah, who had been busy with the United States branch of Makino Technology in Silicon Valley, rushed to the airport early in the morning with a rented motorcade.

During this time, as the top management of Makino Technology in the United States, Lin Ching-ah personally made a lot of decisions. It seemed that she was in power, but in her heart, she missed the days in China more and more.

In China, everything was decided by Li Mu. Even if it was not Li Mu's suggestions, the final decision was still made by Li Mu. However, during this time, Li Mu had been emphasizing the concept of "carrying the flag" to Lin Ching-ah. In his opinion, sending Lin Ching-ah to the United States was to let her carry the flag of Makino Technology in the United States. In this case, she must learn to make decisions.

Li Mu deliberately did not participate in the selection of the branch office site.

Li Mu deliberately did not look at the layout and actual photos of the office site.

High-end talent recruitment, Li Mu did not look at any resumes …

Everything was forcing Lin Ching-ah to quickly enter the role and become a real decision maker.

Lin Qingya was also not an ordinary person. Although she was still young, she was like a combination of a spring and a sponge. If one were to say that she was a spring, it was because her ability to withstand pressure was extremely strong, and she had the ability to convert pressure into motivation. If one were to say that she was a sponge, it was because her ability to absorb experience and knowledge was also very strong, and her growth rate was extremely fast.

Although Lin Ching-ah adapted quickly in the United States alone, when Li Mu was coming, she almost immediately became dependent on Li Mu. She always felt that she had been waiting for the stars and the moon, and finally, Li Mu came.

The Air China flight Li Mu took landed perfectly on the runway of San Francisco Airport. At the moment when the plane's tires touched the ground, Li Mu had a solemn sense of responsibility in his heart.

He finally landed in the United States!

Li Mu understood in his heart that he not only shouldered the mission of conquering this land, but also shouldered the mission of making the people of this land look at the Hua Xia Internet industry, the people of Hua Xia, and even the entire Hua Xia with new eyes.

Perhaps in the future, the day he set foot in the United States for the first time would be the turning point of the development of the entire Hua Xia Internet industry. This represented the first time that Hua Xia Internet, after imitating the American Internet for so long, turned around and exported more advanced Internet products and operating models to the American Internet market.

The plane stopped, the corridor bridge was connected, and the cabin door opened. Li Mu, who was inexplicably excited, wore a disposable medical mask and quickly got out of the plane with the rest of the team.

As soon as he got off the plane, Li Mu did not have the leisure and elegance he had on the plane. Standing on the soil of the United States for the first time, he did not have the time to sigh with emotion, nor did he have the time to criticize the country in his heart. The group of people led all the passengers on the same plane and went straight to the customs.

This time, in order to ensure efficiency, Li Mu asked all the entourage's luggage to be as simple as possible. He asked them to carry all their luggage with them as much as possible and not to check it in. In this way, the efficiency would be improved a lot. As for the daily necessities that everyone needed, Li Mu had already asked Lin Ching-ah to arrange people to handle them in advance. If there were any temporary needs, they could also purchase them locally at any time and anywhere. The retail market in the United States was highly developed and mature, so it was very convenient to buy things.

Lin Ching-ah had long been waiting at the exit of the airport with her assistant and the staff of Makino Technology. When Li Mu and the rest came out of the customs, Lin Ching-ah immediately recognized Li Mu, who was wearing a mask. She immediately went up and said excitedly, "Li Zong, you're finally here."

Li Mu looked Lin Ching-ah up and down and smiled. "Qingya hasn't been in the United States for a long time, but you've become more beautiful and elegant."

Lin Ching-ah smiled generously and said jokingly, "Thank you for your compliment, Li Zong. But you're making it sound like I'm not in the United States for work, but to dress up."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah sighed and complained, "Li Zong, you don't know this, but we've been so busy in the United States that I'm doubting my life. I don't even have time to put on makeup. Today, I took the time to put on makeup on on the way here."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I know you guys are busy, but don't think that we're here to help you solve your problems. In fact, we're here to give you more trouble."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Now that you're here, we have our backbone. Even if it's more trouble, we're willing to give you more trouble."