Chapter 778

Sometimes, Su Yingxue wanted to find an opportunity to clarify things with Li Mu, but after thinking about it, she felt that there was no need.

There were some things that didn't seem necessary to take the initiative to get to the bottom of. If there really was something between the two of them, what should she do?

Leave Li Mu?

She couldn't bear to.

No one was willing to let go of such an outstanding man so easily, and she was the same.

Moreover, Li Mu was only 20 years old this year, and everything was full of uncertainty.

It was precisely because she couldn't bear to part with him, and because Li Mu didn't tell her that he was coming back, that Su Yingxue began to feel nervous. The two of them were clearly drifting apart now. It seemed that she couldn't be like before, thinking wholeheartedly for him. Knowing that he was busy, she forgave him for not contacting him; knowing that he was going to do big things, she tried her best not to cause trouble for him. Most importantly, she couldn't be so calm about everything. That would only increase the distance and estrangement between them.

For the first time, Su Yingxue had an extremely strong sense of uneasiness. A 40 to 50-year-old multimillionaire was already thought of by countless women, let alone a 20 year old multimillionaire.

Not to mention herself, with Li Mu's current conditions, even the female celebrities in the entertainment industry would probably flock to him like ducks, right?

If she didn't work harder, with so many temptations outside, how would she be able to hold on to this relationship?

After calming down and thinking about it carefully, Su Yingxue quickly understood that what she really needed to think about wasn't just the distance and uneasiness in front of her eyes, but how to hold on to him. While getting more of his love at the same time, she also had to stop other women from seducing him. That was the most important thing.

At this time, Li Mu had just finished eating with Dufy and her uncle, Shi Xuesong. Shi Xuesong had his own driver, and after eating, his driver drove the military Land Cruiser back to the army. Dufy came from Wan Ying today, so she didn't drive, so she asked Li Mu to send her back.

Fortunately, Li Mu and his bodyguard, Wang Yuanlang, had reached an agreement. Li Mu didn't drive himself to attend certain activities or routine routes like going to the company. Instead, he rode in a Benz S-Class Benz driven by himself. If it was other times, Li Mu didn't have a problem driving himself.

Li Mu drove his G55 to send Dufy home. On the way, Dufy interviewed Li Mu and asked him, "Recently, you've become a famous person in the country. Can I ask you how you feel now?"

Li Mu smiled bitterly. "Being the center of attention all of a sudden is naturally not as comfortable as making a fortune in silence. Psychologically, I'm not used to it, but overall, I'm still trying to adapt to it."

Dufy smiled. "You're not a star, so you don't have to feel so burdened. Although you've become the center of attention all over the country, there's still a big difference between you and a star. The media's attitude toward stars is multifaceted, and different media have different attitudes toward different stars. Some media are impartial to stars, while some deliberately smear or whitewash certain stars. But it's different for you. In the social environment, you're positive, and the leaders define you as positive, so they will definitely put you in a positive position. Even if you have multiple wives in the future, the media won't dig up gossip about you."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "That's not what I'm worried about."

Dufy curled her lips. "Why are you in such a hurry to clear your name?"

Li Mu said helplessly from the bottom of his heart, "I just want my life to be more pure."

Dufy saw Li Mu's helpless expression and laughed. She said, "If you want your life to be more pure, then why do you have to go through so much trouble?

Hypocrite. "

After saying that, she changed the topic and said to Li Mu, "Oh right, speaking of which, Wei Lan is a very capable person. She's not an ordinary person. Getting her into Wan Ying Real Estate is indeed a wise move."

Li Mu asked curiously, "How can you tell?"

Dufy said, "After interacting with her for a while, I feel that she's very straightforward. She sees things more deeply than Brother Liang and Old Chen. Her vision is also far better than the two of them. With her in Wan Ying, I'm much more assured."

Li Mu couldn't help but tease, "So you're saying that you don't trust Brother Liang and Old Chen?"

"That's not it."

Dufy said seriously, "It depends on the person. The same thing can be done by different people. Some people give you the feeling that they can only do so much and won't have much development. However, some people give you the feeling that they have infinite possibilities. I feel that in terms of real estate, Wei Lan's ability is above the two of them. If you don't have much time to intervene in the future, Wan Ying shouldn't be too bad with her."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "Wei Lan is a real professional. She has several years of operation and management experience. The projects she does are down-to-earth. Moreover, she has a clear understanding of the structure of real estate. Her overall ability is very strong."

Dufy added, "She's also beautiful, and not just beautiful. Every time I see her, I always feel a little lacking in confidence. The first thing I want to do after meeting her is to look in the mirror."

Li Mu laughed. "You're exaggerating."

Dufy waved her hand. "Women are all like this. You don't understand."

Li Mu shrugged and asked her with a smile, "By the way, how are you and Old Chen?"

Dufy rolled her eyes at him and said, "Don't worry about us."

Li Mu laughed. "Why are you so sensitive?"

Dufy pinched the bridge of her nose. "I'm not sensitive …" After that, she was speechless for a moment and waved her hand in annoyance. "Forget it, I'm not going to talk about this with you."

Li Mu asked for a snub, so he said with a smile, "Then let's talk about something positive."

Dufy didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She said, "What positive? Thanks to you, the media is talking about 'positive' all day long. I'm almost sick of hearing it."

As they were talking, the car was almost at Dufy's house. Li Mu suddenly received a call from Su Yingxue. After the call was connected, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "What are you doing?"

Li Mu said truthfully, "I'm driving. I'm sending a friend home. What about you?"

Su Yingxue said, "I'm lying in the bedroom. I have nothing to do. I just miss you, so I called you. You focus on driving first. Call me when you're free."

Su Yingxue's words made Li Mu's heart warm. The hidden string in his heart was gently touched by this sentence. He couldn't help but say softly, "I miss you too."

After that, Li Mu said subconsciously, "By the way, I plan to go back to Haizhou on Saturday."

Su Yingxue felt a little better when she heard this. She asked him, "How long will you stay on Saturday?"

Li Mu said, "I won't stay for a few days. I have something to do. I'll come back after I'm done. I should be back by Sunday."

"In such a hurry?"

"Well, when I was interviewed before, I said that I wanted to reduce the price of home computers and speed up the popularization of home computers through cooperation with hardware manufacturers. The government leaders are willing to help promote this matter. They want to try to do a government subsidy program in China. They will give every user who buys a home computer a certain amount of cash subsidies. This matter is likely to be held next Monday. I have to attend at that time."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Okay, we'll talk about the details later. You focus on driving first. I'm hanging up. Call me at night. I've been sleeping late recently. It doesn't matter how late it is."

"Okay."

After hanging up the phone for the time being, Dufy couldn't help but tease Li Mu, "Did your girlfriend call to check up on you?"

"No." Li Mu smiled and said, "She just wants to know what I'm doing."

Dufy laughed and said, "Your girlfriend must be feeling a lot of pressure now."

"Why do you say that?"

"You've been so high-profile recently. I don't know how many women have fallen for you. If it were your girlfriend, she would probably feel a lot of pressure."

Dufy reminded him, "It's better to pay more attention to her. Otherwise, she'll feel even more uncertain."

"Thanks for the reminder." Li Mu nodded thoughtfully and didn't say anything else.

On the way home, Li Mu's mind was full of Su Yingxue. When he thought about how the two of them rarely talked, he realized that he had neglected Su Yingxue during this period of time. He felt ashamed.

His thoughts diverged. He also realized that it wasn't just Su Yingxue, but also Zhao Ziqiu and Chen Wan. He had neglected them to a certain extent.

Su Yingxue was his official girlfriend. In his previous life, Li Mu had a long-term and somewhat abnormal crush on her, so he had a strong desire to possess her. Although he finally got what he wanted in this life, his mentality was no longer the same as before, so his mentality had changed.

Zhao Ziqiu was the ideal type of girl for a man. She was beautiful, had a good figure, and had big breasts. What was rare was that she was well-behaved, sensible, and obedient. For love, she was like a piece of white paper. When she fell in love with him, she would take the initiative to let him paint her.

Although he had successfully made Su Yingxue his girlfriend, Li Mu still had to admit that he really liked Zhao Ziqiu in his heart. Whether he was a scumbag or a beast, he couldn't convince himself to reject this girl after being reborn. He had already experienced rebirth. How could he not make up his mind to fall in love with another woman?

As for Chen Wan …

Li Mu's heart had always been quite tangled.

Chen Wan was an intellectual woman. No matter whether it was on the outside or inside, she was not inferior to anyone. The most important thing was that she was kind and very good at taking care of people. After being reborn, Li Mu had never really treated her as an elder sister, but he had always treated her as a close friend. Suddenly, one day, when Chen Wan confessed to him, Li Mu was shocked. At the same time, as a man, he also felt a sense of vanity and complacency. Although he still didn't understand how to deal with the feelings between him and Chen Wan in the future, at least he could confirm that Chen Wan had a very important position in his heart …

Always being confused like this didn't seem to be a long-term solution.

As his thoughts ran wild, Li Mu suddenly received a call from Liu Shixiong. He said over the phone, "I met with Jinshan and Zhuo Zhuo's President Lei again. The meeting time is set for tomorrow evening at 7: 00 pm at a quiet vegetarian restaurant. It's more suitable to talk about business. Is that okay?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's fine as long as you arrange it. I'll go to Taobao during the day tomorrow. Let's talk about purchasing."

"Okay!"

…