Chapter 1291

?

After coordinating with all parties, Spielberg decided to set off for Huaxia on the 13th day of the first lunar month in Huaxia time. At that time, in addition to more than 20 American members of the Flying Tigers and their relatives, there would also be a film crew who would follow them all the way. There were two film crews who would film at random. One was sent by Li Mu and Liu Xinying, and the other was sent by Spielberg through his connections.

According to Spielberg, the film crew he found was a very famous film crew with close ties to Hollywood. HBO had a very close relationship with them, and this crew had provided a lot of help during the filming of "Band of Brothers."

Spielberg had two reasons for inviting them over. First, it was to have an additional perspective to make this great meeting more perfect. Second, HBO was very fond of big themes and was very good at it. "Flying Tigers" was a two-hour movie, and a 20-hour movie would be a TV series. HBO was best at creating TV series with the formation of movies. If they were interested in "Flying Tigers," they could sell the copyright to them, or directly cooperate with them to create a TV series.

Of course, Li Mu had no objection to this. In the era of IP, the more derivative directions of an IP, the better. A novel was first published on the Internet, and then published after the quality and popularity reached the standard. Then, there would be sound, and then it would be turned into comics, animation, and then into web dramas, web series, satellite TV series, cinema movies, and even client-side games, web-based games, mobile games, and even console games …

In short, as long as the story was good and popular, its development would definitely be diversified. And the more a story developed, the more audiences it would have. No one limited "Flying Tigers" to only be a movie. Of course, it could also be made into a TV series. If a domestic film and television company wanted to buy the TV series copyright of "Flying Tigers," no matter how much money they offered, Li Mu would not agree. Even if they knelt down and called him father, he would not agree. If it was HBO, Li Mu would not ask for a single cent of the copyright fee. As long as HBO put in the effort to film the greatness and fearlessness of Hua Xia's soldiers during the War of Resistance, and restored the true evil of the Japanese invaders, Li Mu would not f * cking pay for it.

Li Mu had never made "Flying Tigers" for the sake of making money, but for the country, for the people, and for history. For these three reasons, Li Mu would not hesitate to spend more money.

Because the plane would arrive in Spring City on the fourteenth of the first lunar month, just in time for the Lantern Festival, Li Mu arranged for the American Flying Tigers to celebrate the festival with Hua Xia's old Flying Tigers. Then, he asked volunteers to arrange for them to go to the old site of the former Flying Tigers base, as well as some places where they shared common memories. He gave them a few days to reunite and reminisce about the past. On the eighteenth of the first lunar month, he would officially hold a press conference.

At this press conference, not only did Li Mu and Spielberg want to announce the other characters in "Flying Tigers" to the public, but at the same time, they also wanted to announce the situation of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, as well as the "Search for the Surviving Flying Tigers" that the foundation was currently operating with all its strength.

Li Mu had arranged for a Air China 747 passenger plane to go to the United States five days in advance for a paint job. After that, until it was time for the old Flying Tigers to charter a flight, this plane would not take on any other flight missions. The Boeing 747 was currently the largest commercial airliner, so it was not a simple project to change the paint job on such a large plane. It was time-consuming and costly. However, in order to achieve the desired results, Li Mu did not care about this investment at all.

Fortunately, the leaders of Air China had already found out the exact position of the Veterans' Undying Charity Fund and the details of the search for the surviving members of the Flying Tigers. What was rare was that they were very supportive of this public service activity. Air China was willing to undertake this chartered flight for free and hoped that after the chartered flight was over, they could permanently preserve the special paint of the 747.

Li Mu was very happy with Air China's attitude. He did not care about saving the cost of the charter flight, but Air China's positive attitude. This proved that the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation had a huge attraction and influence to the whole society. He believed that when he launched this charity project, it would definitely receive the recognition and support of the whole society. The more recognition and support there was, the more comprehensive the help he could provide to the veterans in the future.

According to Wei Lan's calculation for Li Mu, for the Veterans Never Die Foundation to continue to protect the existing veterans until they passed away, it would require at least a few hundred million yuan of funds to support it for ten to twenty years. It seemed that the funding gap was huge, but once this charity project became a phenomenon in society, with the population base of Hua Xia, this funding gap would be easily filled in a short time.

If the funds were sufficient, Li Mu even planned to continue to expand the influence of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. In the next few years, under the premise of covering all the veterans in China, the foundation could spare some energy to help the veterans of the Anti-Japanese War in Taiwan. If there was still energy left, it could also help the veterans of other countries who had resisted the invasion of the Japanese in Southeast Asia. It could even help the old Red Army of the Soviet Union who had participated in the invasion of the Japanese Kwantung Army in the Northeast.

Li Mu, a nationalist, wanted to help the anti-Japanese veterans of other countries, not only because he wanted to help them, but also because he wanted to use practical actions to create an alliance of justice with the anti-Japanese veterans as the core, and to constantly remind the world of the atrocities of the Japanese war in the past. As long as he had the ability, he could support all the groups who had resisted the Japanese invaders or had been hurt by the Japanese invaders all over the world.

Even the American veterans who had participated in the Pearl Harbor War, the Battle of Midway, the Battle of Iwo Jima, and other wars, even the Red Army of the Soviet Union that had fought the Japanese in the Northeast, even the Recovery Army that had been established under the provisional government of the Republic of Korea before the division of North and South Korea. In short, all the people who had resisted the Japanese invaders during World War II, regardless of race or nationality, were the targets of Li Mu's "Alliance of Justice." He wanted to unite all the people who could be united, in order to remind all the countries, peoples, and people who had been invaded by the flames of war. He hoped that they would always remember that period of history, so that their descendants and their countrymen would never forget all the suffering that the country named Japan had brought to the people of the world.

In order to achieve this goal, the key was the power that the Veterans Never Die Foundation could gather in society. The domestic publicity was only a part of it. In the future, he must promote this charity to every corner of the world.

At this time, the people still didn't know about the existence of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. There were two big things that they were more concerned about now. One was why Li Mu didn't come out to explain why there were so many criticisms against him on the Internet. Was it because he felt guilty, or had he really left the grassroots? The other was when the cast of Hua Xia in "Flying Tigers" would be announced.

Many media reporters were also waiting for a clear official statement on these two matters. During this time, many media outlets had proposed to interview Li Mu, but without exception, they were all politely rejected. Even Li Mu's mother wanted to interview Li Mu, but Li Mu also politely declined with the reason that he didn't have time.

Before the start of the press conference, Li Mu didn't intend to accept any media interviews. All the misunderstandings, speculations, and attacks were irrelevant to him, because he knew that everything would be completely revealed on the day of the press conference. At that time, all the attacks and rumors would be dispelled at the press conference. Before that, all the explanations would be futile and meaningless. His time was precious. He didn't have the energy to fight hand-to-hand with every rumor maker. This kind of attack that broke the whole into parts could only be done by breaking the whole thing into parts and eliminating all the enemies in one battle.

…

On the twelfth day of the first month in Los Angeles, a specially painted Boeing 747 took off from Seattle's Boeing Airport at the Los Angeles International Airport. After a few hours of flight, it landed at the Los Angeles International Airport.

This Air China 747 took off directly to Los Angeles after the new paint was completed at the Boeing Assembly Factory. After landing at the Los Angeles International Airport, it immediately taxied into the large hangar that was booked at the airport. Therefore, the entire appearance time started from when it descended to an altitude of 500 meters, to landing, reverse deceleration, and taxiing into the hangar was only a total of ten minutes.

The Los Angeles International Airport was one of the busiest airports in the world. There were countless passenger planes taking off and landing here every day, and there were so many 747 models that it was uncountable. Moreover, there were different paint designs from various airlines. Generally speaking, very few people could distinguish the difference between these planes except for flight enthusiasts. Logically speaking, the Air China veteran plane was only exposed for ten minutes among the many planes, so it shouldn't attract any attention. However, its unique paint design still attracted the attention of many witnesses.

This specially painted 747 was indeed quite eye-catching. It was originally the largest civil passenger plane, and the front half of the nose was a double-decker design, much higher than the fuselage. On the tall nose, there was a huge shark's mouth. Although the shark was a cartoon shape, it looked particularly majestic and domineering.

Most of the modern civil aviation paint designs were very orthodox, and only a few special opportunities to use cartoon paint. For example, some passengers in Japan used cartoon characters as the theme of the paint. The Panda Plane of FedEx in the United States used a panda as the paint, but a shark as the paint seemed to have never been seen in the civil aviation field.

In addition to the eye-catching shark's mouth shape, there were eye-catching words painted on the fuselage. In Chinese and English, it read "Veterans Don't Die – American Flying Tigers Special Aircraft". However, because the plane didn't stop moving, most witnesses didn't see the words on the fuselage clearly. They only saw the shark at the nose. Even if a few saw the words, they didn't understand the message.

There were also some witnesses who took photos of the 747, but fortunately, this was not the era of smartphones. Even the more high-end camera phones now only had a maximum of 300,000 pixels, and the mobile Internet was still not very popular, so no images were uploaded to the Internet.