Chapter 108

That night, Li Jiawei, the deputy director of the Public Security Bureau of Haizhou City, had his right eyelid twitching non-stop.

As the saying went, the left eyelid twitched, and the right eyelid twitched, which made Li Jiawei feel a little guilty.

His intuition told him that danger was right in front of him, but he had no idea what the danger was and where it came from. He had been in this position for many years and had done many dangerous things.

Now that he thought about it, his biggest threat recently should be Wu Dong's hit-and-run case.

The task force from the provincial department was only responsible to the director, Du Cheng. Li Jiawei still knew nothing about it. However, he had told Wu Dong to find a good scapegoat last time. If Wu Dong really did that, he would definitely be able to escape the punishment of the law. As long as Wu Dong was fine, Li Jiawei didn't have to worry.

After figuring that out, Li Jiawei hurriedly called Wu Dong.

"Beep … Beep … Beep …"

No one answered the phone.

Li Jiawei became anxious and called another number.

At this time, in a hotel on the outskirts of Haizhou, Hu Haibo, the head of the task force, stared at Wu Dong, whose eyes were red, and coldly said, "Wu Dong, it's meaningless to resist. The driver and the car dealer who helped you deal with the accident have already confessed. We also found the blood and clothes fibers of the two deceased victims in your imported BMW. Your fingerprints and hair are also in the car. Even if you don't admit it, we have enough witnesses and material evidence to prosecute you."

Wu Dong was panicking. Although he had already found a man who was willing to take the blame, he never dreamed that the task force would capture him at his doorstep last night and secretly bring him here.

Wu Dong was caught unprepared by the task force. During the 24-hour interrogation, the task force had shown him all kinds of evidence and the statements of his men.

Although Wu Dong knew that he couldn't escape this time, he still had a glimmer of hope and wanted to resist until the end.

Hu Haibo was about to lose his patience. He said coldly, "Wu Dong, I'll be honest with you. I still have a glimmer of hope for you. This is your last ray of hope. This time, the task force is not only here to arrest you, but also Li Jiawei. If you confess now, I'll definitely consider it as you turning yourself in. When the time comes, I'll ask the judge to give you a lighter sentence. Moreover, if you expose Li Jiawei's bribery, I'll consider it as a meritorious deed. On top of the lighter sentence, I might even give you some leniency!"

Hearing this, Wu Dong's mental defenses began to loosen.

He knew that he couldn't escape, but he didn't dare to face this fact, so he chose to resist stubbornly. However, Hu Haibo now gave him two chances. One was to surrender, and the other was to make a contribution.

Wu Dong was not a fool. He guessed that the task force was actually here to deal with Li Jiawei. His biggest reliance in the public security system was Li Jiawei. Originally, he had hoped that Li Jiawei could help him. He did not expect that Li Jiawei could not even protect himself, so he definitely could not count on him.

At this time, if he exposed Li Jiawei, he could still fight for a contribution and slightly redeem himself. Otherwise, he would really be doomed.

After thinking for about half an hour, Wu Dong finally nodded and said dejectedly, "Okay, I'll confess."

Hu Haibo was excited and immediately said, "Li Jiawei has been calling you for a long time. Call him back first and say that you drank too much last night. You must make him believe and rest assured …"

As he spoke, Hu Haibo received a call from a friend of the Provincial Disciplinary Commission. It turned out that they were also investigating a case in Haizhou, but they were investigating Guo Lin's corruption case. The reason for the call was to ask if Hu Haibo could help them interrogate Wu Dong and Guo Lin after they arrested Wu Dong. Although they had a lot of evidence of Guo Lin's corruption, Wu Dong was the main target of Guo Lin's corruption case.

Hu Haibo looked at Wu Dong with a smile and said, "You're really lucky. Here comes another opportunity to make a contribution!"

Wu Dong was stunned.

Hu Haibo said, "The Provincial Disciplinary Commission is investigating Guo Lin. You should clearly explain your financial problems with Guo Lin. This will be another great contribution!"

Wu Dong's face lit up. "I'll explain, I'll explain everything!

I have an account book at home that records all the money I gave to Guo Lin. "

…

The next morning, Guo Lin arrived at Xling Coal Mine in his assigned car. He hadn't been doing well recently. He had just been involved in the hit-and-run case that attracted the attention of the whole city. He had been scolded by the netizens, and the huge pressure caused him to have insomnia every night. Both his body and mind were devastated.

Fortunately, he had his old leader, Han Lu, to help him. Although he was under a lot of pressure, he could still be the mine manager of Xling Coal Mine. Next year, or the year after that, Xling Coal Mine could go bankrupt and restructure. After that, he could retire to the company.

The car had a bumpy ride, and when they finally arrived at West Ridge Coal Mine, the driver parked the car in the parking lot. However, just as Guo Lin got out of the car, the people from the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection suddenly appeared. A few investigators stood on his left and right and restrained him. They secretly showed their identification. "Comrade Guo Lin, we are investigators from the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection. We have some matters to trouble you to come with us and assist in the investigation."

As soon as he finished speaking, Guo Lin felt his legs go soft, and he fell to the ground on his butt. At the crucial moment, two investigators helped him up. Guo Lin knew that since the Commission for Discipline Inspection wanted him to assist in the investigation, it meant that they had already investigated his crimes and wanted to put him in jail.

The Double Regulation was actually to explain the problem at a specified time and place. Under normal circumstances, the investigation team would have already obtained some evidence before the Double Regulation.

Guo Lin knew in his heart that he was finished. The Commission for Discipline Inspection came so suddenly, and there was no way for him to transfer or hide the tens of millions of dollars he had embezzled. Now, all he could think about was his wife, Xue Guilan. Xue Guilan was also a party member, and also a leader of West Ridge Coal Mine. He wasn't the only one who was corrupt. Xue Guilan had worked in the union for so many years, and she had also been corrupt. If the Commission for Discipline Inspection found out that she was involved, wouldn't they both end up in jail?

If that was the case, what would happen to his son?

Guo Lin panicked, and it felt like there was a mountain in his chest. All the energy in his body was sucked out, and when the investigators from the Commission for Discipline Inspection drove him into the car, he had already fainted.

Although the investigators from the Commission for Discipline Inspection kept a low profile, and Guo Lin's arrest didn't startle many people, the news still spread quickly. Twenty minutes after Guo Lin was taken away, the news had spread throughout the entire West Ridge Coal Mine.

Xue Guilan didn't go to the mine with Guo Lin this morning. Instead, she got her brother to pick her up and her son, Guo Yuhang. Today, she was going to take her son to the hospital for a checkup. However, the moment she arrived at the hospital, she received a call from her sister. Her sister's voice was filled with despair and tears. "Sis, it's over!

Brother-in-law was arrested! "

"What did you say?!"

Xue Guilan's head buzzed, and all the blood in her body seemed to rush to her brain. She was so shocked that she trembled all over.

"Sis, it's just now. Brother-in-law just arrived at the mine, and he was taken away by the people from the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection in the parking lot!"

Xue Guilan couldn't stand straight and almost collapsed. Her brother hurriedly supported her. Xue Guilan, who was in a panic, touched her chest and muttered to herself, "This must be a dream, it must be a dream …"

"Sis, you should hide for a while, so that you won't be implicated. Brother-in-law has already been arrested, so you can't be in trouble!"

Xue Guilan looked at her son, Guo Yuhang, in despair. She forced herself to calm down and said to her sister on the phone, "Hurry up and find me at the house at the north gate. I'll get my brother to take me and Yuhang there right now."

…

Not long after Li Mu got up, Li Ma, who always liked to get up early to buy groceries, came back with the breakfast she had bought for him. After washing up, Li Mu was just about to eat when Papa Lee, who had just come back from his morning exercise, stepped into the door. As soon as he entered the door, he saw his mother and daughter were both there, so he said with a smile, "Let me tell you something good that I just heard."

Li Mu, who was drinking tofu pudding, raised his head and asked, "Dad, what's the good news?"

Papa Lee raised his eyebrows excitedly, but deliberately kept them guessing. He sat on the sofa and lit a cigarette first.

Li Ma rolled her eyes at Papa Lee and said to Li Mu, "Your father usually likes to be mysterious. I guess it's not really a good thing."

Papa Lee said hurriedly, "I'm not kidding you this time. It's really a good thing!"

As he said that, Papa Lee sat up straight and said seriously, "I just received a call from a former colleague. He said that Guo Lin was taken away by the provincial disciplinary committee this morning and was punished."

"Really?" Li Ma was surprised, but Li Mu was even more surprised.

After carefully preparing for so long, Li Mu had been waiting for this day. With the amount of money Guo Lin had embezzled, if the disciplinary committee really wanted to punish him, he wouldn't be able to get out of prison for eight to ten years.

Papa Lee laughed and said, "Of course it's true. Just now, many workers in Xiling Mine went out to buy firecrackers and set them off. The whole mine is celebrating."

Guo Lin had been in power for so many years. Not only did he manipulate the personnel arrangement in the mine, but he also plundered a large amount of money from the workers. As a result, the benefits of the Xiling Mine couldn't keep up. The workers and their families had long hated this old thing. Now that he was punished, they were naturally happy. Their mood was even more joyous than during Chinese New Year.

Li Ma said emotionally, "Guo Lin has been doing evil for so many years, and it's finally time for retribution!" As she said that, Li Ma asked, "What about Xue Guilan?

She's been embezzling a lot in the union all these years. God knows how many of them she's sold for tens of thousands of yuan. She's also sold a lot of the positions of production captains and department heads. She's been embezzling a lot of money! "

Papa Lee nodded and said, "I'm not too sure about Xue Guilan's situation, but since Guo Lin has been punished, she definitely can't escape. If she escapes at this time, she might even become a wanted criminal."

Li Mu didn't participate in his parents' discussion. Instead, he suppressed the excitement in his heart and sent a message to Zhao Kang. "The matter against Guo Lin has come to an end. Give each of your core personnel a reward of 1,000 yuan. I'll pay for it. Make sure they keep their mouths shut."

Li Mu was so excited that he wanted to find a place to roar a few times. Although he had gone through a lot of trouble, he had still achieved his goal. Guo Lin, the old tortoise, had safely retired from the company while bearing countless curses in his previous life. His hedonistic son, Guo Yuhang, had a property worth over 100 million yuan in Beijing in just a few years. In a small place like Haizhou, their family of three could definitely be considered the big winners in life. But speaking up to this point, Li Mu wanted to say a loud "but!"

But!

In this life, no one except him would have thought that Guo Lin would end up being punished!

All of this was because of him!

Although he had just graduated from high school, and although he had no power or influence, he still won!

Not only did he bring down Guo Lin, but he also brought down his entire family!