Chapter 1097

In front of the camera, Chen Wan exuded the charming charm of a mature woman. She was the dream lover of countless male viewers, as well as the target of envy and imitation by countless women. This was very much in line with the position of a greenhorn female host in her twenties. Most female hosts took the mature route when they were young, and only took the cute route when they truly matured.

Li Mu thought that Chen Wan would appear in front of him with the image of a mature, domineering woman. He didn't expect that Chen Wan's outfit today would be so refreshing that it made Li Mu feel as if he had returned to 2016.

Although it was already the end of November, the weather in Shenzhen was only slightly chilly. Chen Wan wore a light gray, slightly loose, and bulky knitted top, similar to a bat shirt. Although it was loose, she happened to be wearing a pair of ripped jeans that wrapped around her legs. The contrast between the top and bottom was strong, and it seemed to have a special kind of harmony.

Chen Wan's figure was really too good. Her slender and straight legs were simply something that even professional models couldn't be envious of. Wearing such leg-wrapping pants, her legs were set off to the extreme. Although her upper body was very loose, because her lower body was so slender, she didn't look bloated at all. Instead, she gave off a sense of casualness and laziness. Even though she wore a black mask and her casually wavy hairstyle concealed her appearance, Li Mu, who was sitting in the car, was still amazed by her.

Through the car window, watching Chen Wan run towards him cheerfully like a young girl, Li Mu's heart was exceptionally satisfied.

Li Mu had always had an unusual feeling for Chen Wan. Before his rebirth, he didn't believe in fate. After his rebirth, he only believed that he and Chen Wan were destined to be intertwined with each other. After the car accident in his previous life, they no longer intersected. In this life, everything began again from the car accident. From the day he was reborn, fate had tightly bound the two people who had almost never intersected with each other.

To a certain extent, Li Mu felt that after his rebirth, there was a barrier between him and everyone in the depths of his heart, including his own parents, because he scrupulously kept the secret of his rebirth. However, when facing Chen Wan, this special barrier was at least half as thin.

Chen Wan quickly ran to the side of the road and got into the Buick MPV that Li Mu drove over. As soon as she got in the car and met Li Mu's eyes, she couldn't wait to take off her mask. Before Li Mu could see her face clearly, he felt her facial features become blurry in his vision. Then, his vision gradually disappeared, and he only felt a sweet taste on his lips, with a faint cool taste.

Chen Wan took off her mask and gave Li Mu a light kiss. After the kiss, she did not leave immediately. The two looked at each other's faces, which were very close to each other, and their eyes were full of affection.

Chen Wan lightly kissed Li Mu's lips again. This time, Li Mu used his fingers to gently pinch her small and delicate chin, responding to her initiative.

Separated by the armrest and the control panel, it was difficult to maintain this kind of kiss for too long. After a while, their lips separated. Chen Wan bit her lips, and her warm breath spread on Li Mu's cheek. She asked him with three parts shyness and seven parts love, "After running around abroad for so long, did you miss me?"

Li Mu nodded seriously. "I missed you."

Chen Wan winked and smiled. She gently pinched Li Mu's face. "Good boy!

I'll give you another one! "

As she spoke, she leaned over and kissed Li Mu on the cheek.

It was just afternoon, and the sky was bright outside. Moreover, the car was parked by the side of the road. If the two kissed a few more times, they might be recognized. Therefore, Li Mu told Chen Wan to buckle her seatbelt and drove the car on the road first.

As Li Mu drove, he asked Chen Wan, "What do you want to eat tonight?"

Chen Wan said, "Aiya, I've been to Shenzhen with my parents before. My biggest impression here, other than the constant rain, is that there is a lot of delicious food."

As she spoke, Chen Wan counted with her fingers. "On the way here, I was thinking about eating roast goose, stir-fried beef, meatballs, sweet water, and seafood casserole porridge …"

"Wait …" Li Mu couldn't help but interrupt her. "How many days are you staying in Shenzhen?"

Chen Wan said with a smile, "I'll leave tomorrow night!"

"Tomorrow night?" Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "Why are you in such a hurry?"

Chen Wan rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "It's all because of you. Right now, Super Girl's preliminaries are too popular. I'm basically working around the clock. But even so, I can't handle it alone. If I really can't handle it, I'll apply to the station to find Teacher He to be my partner in the last two divisions."

After saying that, Chen Wan sighed. "If you didn't find me this job, I would just be a happy camp. I would record for a week and rest for a week. My days would be so comfortable. But now, I record for four weeks a month and rest for two days …"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly. "I just want you to quickly accumulate more popularity so that you can start your own company in the future!"

Chen Wan said helplessly, "Then I'll listen to you. I don't have any objections. Anyway, it doesn't matter if I'm busy or not. If you're not busy, you won't have time to accompany me. This is pretty good. At least I can live a fulfilling life and I won't have time to think about you."

Li Mu smiled and held her hand with his right hand. He said seriously, "It's been hard on you. When you're done with Super Girl this year, you can have a good rest. Next summer, I'm planning to create an open-ended singing talent show. When the time comes, I'll still need you to host it. If there's enough time, I'll start a reality show at the end of the year or the spring after next year. You won't be the host anymore. When you appear onscreen, you'll be a permanent guest on the show, and you'll be the only female guest. Behind the scenes, you'll be the producer of the entire show. You'll be the only core of the show. If this reality show is done well, you'll truly be the top-notch big sister of the domestic entertainment industry."

Chen Wan said, "I actually didn't want to be the big sister of the entertainment industry. After getting in touch with it for a while, I found that the entertainment industry is actually just like that..."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "The big sister I'm talking about is a symbol of status. It's not that you have to mix in the entertainment industry by yourself, but that you have to control the top resources of the entertainment industry, including A-list stars, A-list TV stations, A-list film and TV production and distribution companies, and A-list investors. With these resources, you can naturally stand above the entire entertainment industry.

In addition, in the next two years, I will use big movies, variety shows, cinemas, and online ticket systems to create a big closed loop of the entertainment industry, and integrate all the upstream and downstream resources. At that time, you can leave Xiangnan Satellite TV and be the proprietress of Makino Impression. "

When Chen Wan heard Li Mu call her "boss's wife", she felt very happy, but she said shyly, "What boss's wife? You just want me to work hard for you …"

"That's not it."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "In the future, 30% of the shares of Makino Image will be yours, and my shares will also be held by you on behalf of you. In this way, you will have the majority of the shares in your hand and have enough right to speak.

In other words, in the eyes of the outside world, you are the real owner of Makino Impression. Do you think this is the proprietress? "

Chen Wan waved her hand in fright: "I was just joking with you. Don't take it seriously. In fact, I really want to do something for you. If you want me to take care of Makino Impression for you, I can leave Xiangnan Satellite TV at any time."

Li Mu held her hand tightly and said, "Don't forget, you are my woman, and what is mine is yours."

Chen Wan also held Li Mu's hand tightly and said softly, "I am your woman. It's enough for me to have this sentence. Nothing else matters."

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said in an unquestionable tone, "Men have the final say in these things. You just have to listen to my words to go to Xiangnan Satellite TV and obey my arrangements."

Chen Wan was not a very motivated or assertive woman. Li Mu suddenly showed such male chauvinism, but she did not feel uncomfortable at all. Instead, she enjoyed it very much. From her heart, she was completely willing to obey Li Mu's arrangement. If Li Mu really asked her to accept Makino Impression at that time, she would certainly not go against his wishes. On the one hand, she did love this man who was three years younger than her with all her heart. On the other hand, she liked the feeling of being willing to let him make decisions for her.

In Li Mu's heart, Makino Image was prepared for Chen Wan. He was not interested in the entertainment industry, nor did he pursue a large group of stars around him all the time. He hoped that in the future, Chen Wan could be built above the entertainment industry and the most powerful woman in the entertainment industry. At that time, he would give her Makino Technology, which could be considered as giving full play to her own experience, connections and resources. If he could not give Chen Wan a legitimate identity as his lover in the future, then Makino Image would be some kind of compensation for her.

The reason why he said that in the future, Chen Wan would hold his shares in Makino Image, Li Mu also had his own deep consideration. First, if one day Chen Wan was no longer willing to stay by his side, the proxy agreement would be set on fire, and the Makino Image would be all hers; if she was willing to stay by his side, he could share everything with her, and he would never let her down in his life.

Selectively ending the topic, Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "You haven't eaten yet, have you?

You said so many things you want to eat just now, have you thought about what you want to eat first? "

Chen Wan said helplessly, "Both of us are public figures, and we can't just randomly find a place to eat. How about we just buy something and eat at your place?"

Li Mu blinked his eyes, "Don't worry, you can't run away tonight. You want to eat local specialties, but I don't know how to cook, so it's better to find a place to eat outside."

Chen Wan said, "Eating is not like shopping. You can wear a mask for everything, but not eating …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Can't we just find a reliable place to eat? Wait for me to make a call."

It was indeed a problem for stars to eat in public, but this did not mean that all stars ate at home. They had relationships with many high-end restaurant and club owners, so they could completely find a hidden, safe, and quiet place to eat. Although Li Mu was not at all familiar with Shenzhen, it did not mean that he was not familiar with the friends around him.