Chapter 144

"Damn it, bitch! I'm giving you face, but you don't want it!"

In the dormitory, Wu Shuai smashed a glass of water angrily and scolded Su Yingxue hysterically in front of his roommates.

After Wu Shuai gained some power in the Student Union, he directly negotiated with his classmates to change the dormitory. He swapped out the three people who shared the same dormitory as him and replaced them with three of his best friends. Together with the other two roommates who he got along well with, his five roommates were now his own people.

The five of them usually followed Wu Shuai's lead. Now that Wu Shuai's self-esteem had been hurt by Su Yingxue, they naturally spoke up for Wu Shuai.

The boy who had played the guitar in his hometown to "get the ball rolling" said, "Wu Shuai, since that woman doesn't know what's good for her, don't lower yourself to her level. There are still many beautiful women among the freshmen this year. There's no need to fight with her."

Wu Shuai asked fiercely, "Among the freshmen this year, who can compare with Su Yingxue?"

As soon as he said this, the other five people could only look at each other.

Su Yingxue was indeed the most outstanding one among the more than 2,000 freshmen of the National People's Congress this year. Not to mention freshmen, no one in the senior grade could compare with her. Who knew how many men secretly dreamed of getting such a wonderful woman? Wu Shuai thought that he was different from others and that he had too many advantages to count, but all his advantages were nothing in the eyes of Su Yingxue.

No, Su Yingxue didn't take him seriously at all. It seemed that she only had eyes for Li Mu, who came from the same place as her.

When Wu Shuai thought of the fifth-tier cities like Haizhou, he cursed in his heart, "People from small cities are really useless. Do they only dare to find a partner in their own home?"

The other five people in the dormitory didn't know how to persuade Wu Shuai. They could only frequently pass him cigarettes and accompany him to smoke in the dormitory.

After a few cigarettes, Wu Shuai suddenly stood up, gritted his teeth, and said, "Fine, you forced me to play tricks, then I'll play with you. It doesn't matter if you don't let me do it, but don't think you'll have it easy, and don't let anyone else do it either!"

When the roommates heard this, their interest was immediately piqued. They hurriedly asked, "Little Handsome, just one word from you. What should we do?"

Wu Shuai grinned, "Take it slow, I have my ways!

Su Yingxue and that Li Mu, neither of them will have an easy time!

Since you dare to make things difficult for me in the National People's Congress, I'll make sure you can't live in the National People's Congress anymore! "

…

That evening, Liu Nian, who was the youngest in Room 606, suddenly returned to the dormitory with red eyes. He sat on the chair alone and sulked.

Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng had gone to the gym, while Li Yawei and Hu Zhengdao were not in the dormitory. Sun Jian asked Liu Nian, "Little Nian Nian, what's wrong? You don't look too happy."

Liu Nian turned his head and said angrily, "Boss, our seniors are really too much!"

When Sun Jian heard this, he immediately panicked and asked, "What's wrong? Who bullied you?"

Liu Nian was the youngest in the dormitory, and his body was also the smallest. His family wasn't very well off, so the other five people took care of him. As the boss, Sun Jian naturally cared more about him. When he heard that Liu Nian was bullied, his temper was as dry as firewood, and he immediately flared up.

Liu Nian gritted his teeth and said, "Didn't Wu Shuai from the Student Union post that the Student Union's' Student Aid Association 'is looking for part-time jobs? I used Third Brother's computer yesterday and happened to see it, so I submitted my application. This afternoon, they told me to go for an interview after class, but when I got there, they rejected me, saying that I don't meet the requirements."

Sun Jian asked him, "What did they say? What requirements do you not meet?"

"I meet all the requirements."

Liu Nian's eyes were red as he said, "I want to apply to be an assistant at the Truth-seeking Building. I just need to sort out some documents and send and receive documents. They don't have any requirements, just that I have to be attentive. I'm quite attentive, and I want to master basic office software. I've also studied computers in high school, so I have no problems with that. Most importantly, they said that these part-time jobs give priority to poor students, and I already have a poverty certificate from our county's Civil Affairs Bureau."

As he said that, Liu Nian took out a handwritten document from a plastic folder. His tears fell uncontrollably as he sobbed and said, "I also showed them my certificate, and there were only three people for this position, and no one applied at all. In the end, after they looked through my information, they said that I don't meet the requirements. They even said that with my looks, if I really went to work part-time at the Truth-seeking Building, the teachers would be scared to death. There was also a guy who saw my poverty certificate and said that a person like me shouldn't come to Beijing to attend university. My family is so poor, yet I still came here to attend school. I'm a bastard who doesn't care about the lives of his parents …"

At first, when Sun Jian heard Liu Nian say that he was rejected, he didn't think too much about it. Part-time jobs were also a type of work, and since it was a job, it couldn't just be done by the employer because you think you can do it. Liu Nian was still young and couldn't take the blow.

But after hearing the latter part of the sentence, Sun Jian instantly exploded!

This wasn't just a normal rejection, it was a standard personal attack!

Moreover, when Sun Jian said this, he was looking at Liu Nian's poverty certificate. The certificate said that their family of six had an annual income of less than three thousand yuan. Damn it, three thousand yuan wasn't even enough for a student to live in Beijing for a year!

Although he knew that Liu Nian's financial situation wasn't very good, he didn't expect it to be this bad. Because of this, he was even more indignant about what happened to Liu Nian.

"Which asshole said that?

F * ck, don't they have any manners?

Let's go, let's go find him and reason things out!

If they don't give us an explanation, we'll bring this matter to the Academic Affairs Office. I don't believe that the school will protect this kind of asshole! "

As Sun Jian said that, he pulled Liu Nian out of the door.

Liu Nian cried and pushed his hand away. He wiped his tears and continued, "I was also very angry at first, but I didn't dare to go against them, so I could only leave. I didn't expect that someone from the Student Union would catch up to me and whisper to me that I actually met all the requirements, but the reason why they didn't let me do it was because of Mu Ge."

Sun Jian was stunned.

"Li Mu?

What does this have to do with him? "

Liu Nian said with red eyes, "He said that Mu Ge offended someone, and said that anyone in our dormitory would have a hard time in school in the future."

"F * ck him!" Sun Jian slammed his fist on the table. "These upperclassmen are too much!

Wait, I'll call them right now! "

"Don't!"

Liu Nian hurriedly wiped his tears and said, "Big brother, I just felt a little wronged. It's fine now, don't tell them."

"How can we not tell them? They bullied us 606, how can we just f * cking let it go?"

Liu Nian was anxious and said, "But they didn't do anything to me, they just said some unpleasant words. It's useless to go to him or the school. I went to an office in the Student Union, and it was filled with their own people. They turned around and denied what they said, what can we do?"

As he said that, Liu Nian's tears fell again. "Moreover, this kind of thing, the more we make a fuss, the more embarrassed I will be. Forget it."

Sun Jian looked at Liu Nian, and his heart was about to explode. It felt like his younger brother had been slapped in the face, but what Liu Nian said made sense. There was no point in going to them or the school to reason things out. It was just a verbal conflict, and there was no evidence. They could bite back at any time and say that they were framing them. Moreover, if this kind of thing were to blow up, the one who would be hurt the most would be Liu Nian himself.

Sun Jian sighed and said, "Fine, I won't be impulsive, but we still have to let them know about this. How about this, I'll call them and ask them to come back, and we'll discuss what to do."

At this moment, Xue Jianfeng was practicing his push-ups in the gym, while Li Mu took the time to bring the custom-made things to Yucheng Garden, and after running for half an hour, he rested for ten minutes before going to the swimming pool. Hu Zhengdao was working at McDonald's, while Li Yawei was eating with Han Xiaoxiao. Sun Jian was making phone calls one by one, and the gist of it was that someone was bullying Liu Nian and Dorm 606. However, he didn't go into the details, and only asked everyone to go back as soon as possible.

Xue Jianfeng immediately went to the swimming pool to look for Li Mu, knowing that his phone was definitely in the cabinet. Hu Zhengdao also quickly went to the manager on duty to apply for leave. Although he was scolded, he still managed to apply for leave. After changing his clothes, he rushed back. Li Yawei left Han Xiaoxiao, who was still eating, and hailed an unlicensed taxi to rush back to school.

Li Mu had just swam two laps in the water when Xue Jianfeng shouted from the shore, "Li Mu, let's go, there's an urgent matter back to the dormitory!"

Li Mu stood in the water and asked, "What happened?"

"Liu Nian was bullied!"

Li Mu directly climbed up from the side of the pool with both hands, and as he ran to the changing room, he said, "Wait for me for five minutes!"

…

This was the first time Dorm 606 had such a serious and oppressive atmosphere since school started.

After listening to Sun Jian's explanation, Xue Jianfeng suddenly stood up and said to Liu Nian, "Bring me to them, and tell me who said those things, I'll beat that motherf * cker to death!"

Hu Zhengdao and Li Yawei also angrily expressed their stance. Li Yawei said angrily, "Damn it, I've been a local tyrant in Beijing for five generations. How dare they bully my brother, they must be tired of living!"

Only Li Mu expressionlessly waved his hand, "Calm down, everyone."

"Calm down?

How can I calm down?! "

Li Yawei shouted to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, those people are obviously trying to mess with you, can you just swallow this?"

Li Mu asked back, "Then what do you think we should do?

Go and beat them up?

In this kind of situation, if we make the first move, there will only be one outcome, the whole dormitory will be punished. "

Xue Jianfeng knew that Li Mu always seemed to have more unexplainable things than ordinary people, so he asked him, "Li Mu, what do you think we should do?"

Li Mu knew that this matter was completely Wu Shuai taking the opportunity to cause trouble for him. Since he couldn't find a breakthrough in himself, he used the whole of Dorm 606 as a breakthrough point. So he stood up and said lightly, "They are obviously targeting me, so they will target you guys as well. In the future, if you guys offend them, or if there is something that needs to be controlled by them, they will definitely seize the opportunity to take revenge. So what we can do now is to try our best not to give them any chance to take advantage of us."

As he said this, Li Mu asked everyone, "Do any of you know what Wu Shuai does in the Student Union?"

Liu Nian said, "I know a little. He is now one of the backbones of the Student Union, and also one of the backbones of the Student Union's' Student Aid Gang '. The' Student Aid Gang 'is quite famous in the National People's Congress. In addition to fighting for a number of student aid jobs in the school, they also signed agreements with some outside companies and enterprises to introduce some part-time jobs to the school's students. Now, many people have found part-time jobs from the Student Aid Gang."

Sun Jian nodded and added, "Wu Shuai is still very famous in the school. The Student Aid Gang is now trying to do something with the part-time work program. By helping the students get part-time jobs, they can improve their impression in the school, the Student Union, and the school leaders."