Chapter 178

When Tan Yaocheng met with Li Mu, the reports had not yet come out.

Li Mu found a quiet restaurant to treat Tan Yaocheng to a meal. Tan Yaocheng first talked about all sorts of things, and after a long time, he began to talk to Li Mu about the main topic.

"Brother, you have to let us bask in the glory of Project 3321. Why don't we, Baidu, provide you with all the technical support?"

Li Mu slapped the table. "We want to go together. I was interviewed by Yanjing Evening News and Yanjing Youth Daily today, and I even told them that Baidu will provide free assistance to Project 3321. But I didn't say what kind of assistance it is, because I'm afraid you won't agree."

Tan Yaocheng's eyes lit up. "My good brother, of course there's no problem with all the technical support. No problem at all. I'll take care of it. If there's another interview, just tell them that!"

Li Mu chuckled and said a little shamelessly, "I know you'll definitely agree to the technical support. As for the rest …"

Tan Yaocheng's heart skipped a beat.

Oh no, what is this guy playing at?

What is he thinking about?

He heard Li Mu say with a pitiful face, "Look, let's not talk about the servers. We need to formalize Project 3321 now. The National People's Congress just sponsored me with more than 400 square meters of free office space, but it's empty, not even a bench."

Tan Yaocheng gritted his teeth. "Tell me, what do you need!"

Li Mu scratched his head, counted his fingers, and said, "Look, Brother Tan, this is what I'm thinking. We definitely need a hundred computers, and the supporting workstations, desks, chairs, network equipment, switches, and so on are also indispensable. There are also air conditioners, water dispensers, and so on. We have to find a way now …"

Tan Yaocheng was shocked. He looked at Li Mu with his mouth agape and asked, "You don't mean that we'll be responsible for all of this, do you?

You're too greedy!

To think that we're partners … "

Li Mu said shyly, "Yes, Brother Tan, this is the only way to highlight Baidu's social responsibility. Don't worry, as long as you agree, I will tell the reporters in detail what kind of help Baidu has provided us in the following interviews."

As he spoke, Li Mu counted with his fingers and said, "Look, how many news media are there in Beijing?

Apart from the two local newspapers, there are also People's Daily, Reference News, Global Times, Guangming Daily, and various magazines and periodicals. Apart from these, there are also so many internet media. How many media do you think we will have in the future?

Do you think the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee or the ministries and commissions will come for an inspection with such a big commotion like 3321?

Think about it yourself. Once you understand, you'll realize that the price I'm offering you is too cheap! "

Tan Yaocheng thought about it. Li Mu was right. 3321 would become big news sooner or later. If he spent millions to please this man in front of him now, Baidu would definitely have a lot of exposure in the future. Moreover, as long as there was exposure, it would definitely be positive news. This deal was too worth it. Maybe even Central Television would have a chance to go on a few rounds. It seemed that the price was really too cheap.

Tan Yaocheng immediately said, "Okay, it's settled then!"

After the meal, Tan Yaocheng rushed to pay the bill. When they parted at the entrance of the restaurant, he shook Li Mu's hand vigorously. If it weren't for Li Mu working out all the time, his body would have been shaken to pieces.

…

In Haizhou, Papa Lee and Li Ma had been busy with the opening of the Senma store recently. The store had just opened, and the business was very good. There were two stores all at once, so the two of them were also busy. Li Ma meant that they could only breathe a sigh of relief after everything in the Senma store was on the right track.

Once they were busy, the two of them didn't have time to watch TV. They had no idea how much their precious son had done in Yan Jing.

In the evening, the two of them had dinner at home and were about to go to the store again. However, Li Mu's class teacher from high school came to congratulate them. The two of them were surprised. After asking carefully, they found out that their son had become successful. He had started such an extraordinary project in Yan Jing and was even interviewed by the TV station.

Li Mu's class teacher also happened to see the special news on the Yan Jing TV station. Only then did he know that there was such a capable student in his class. Today, he spread the news to the school, and the school leaders also learned about it. The school leaders felt that this kind of thing was definitely to make Haizhou First High School look good, so they asked the class teacher to visit them.

Papa Lee and Li Ma warmly welcomed the class teacher. After seeing him off, the first thing they did was to call Li Mu.

On the phone, Li Ma said unhappily, "You brat, you've grown up. You didn't even tell us what you did outside. Now we have to hear it from others."

Li Mu knew that his mother must be talking about the 3321, so he hurriedly apologized, "Mom, I was wrong. I thought that you and dad must be busy with the store these days, so I didn't want to make trouble for you."

Then, Li Mu quickly changed the topic and asked, "Has our Senma store opened?"

"Yes, it opened yesterday, the same day as your 3321."

Li Ma snorted discontentedly and said, "You brat, you must take the initiative to report to us in the future. If you dare not to tell us in advance, I will really be angry."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Mom, don't worry. I won't do it in the future!"

"That's more like it." Li Ma smiled and said, "Let your dad talk to you."

Papa Lee took the phone and said with a smile, "Good boy, you're really capable. You've surprised your dad. You really deserve to be my son. You're extraordinary in everything you do!"

Li Mu laughed and asked, "Dad, how's the business of our new store?"

"Very good."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "More than 70,000 yuan on the first day. Song Liang also put up an advertisement for us. But the Senma store is not as good as when Metersbonwe first opened. It should be because of the gap in brand awareness."

Li Mu laughed and said, "More than 70,000 yuan on the first day is very good. By the way, you said that you would open a wholesale department for my uncle. How's that going?"

Papa Lee said, "The wholesale department is being renovated. It will be finished soon. According to your plan, we focused on the wall decoration, lighting, and the door is also very big. The shelves are also the same as the supermarket in the city. It will be installed in a few days. It is estimated that it will open in seven or eight days."

"Have you told my uncle?

Is he okay with it? "

"He dares to object? Give him the guts!

I directly told him that if we do it, we'll split it in half. If we don't, his brother's tens of thousands of yuan will go down the drain. He immediately said that we will do it. "

Li Mu laughed and said, "That's good. Don't overwork yourself. There are managers, employees, and system statistics for both stores. You don't have to worry too much."

Papa Lee said, "Your mom wants us to keep an eye on it for a week. If there is no problem with your aunt, the two of us can relax. When that time comes, I will go get my driver's license."

Li Mu was very pleased and quickly said, "If you study hard, you should be able to get your driver's license at the end of the year. Discuss with me before you buy a car. Don't buy it randomly."

"Okay!"

After hanging up the phone, when Li Mu walked back to school, he received a call from Chen Wan.

Chen Wan was far away in Shanghai, so she did not know what happened in Yan Jing, but Senior Sister Ai did. She was shocked, so she did not contact Li Mu, but Chen Wan. She told Chen Wan that the boy she liked was really amazing. When the number 3321 came out, even she was shocked to the point that she was speechless.

Chen Wan asked carefully for a long time before she understood the whole story of the project 3321 and its current influence. She was also happy for Li Mu, so she quickly called Li Mu and congratulated him on his great success.

After congratulating him, the siblings chatted again. Li Mu remembered that Chen Wan said that she would be coming to Beijing in early November to participate in Hua Xia's intern recruitment at Central TV and Yanjing Television Station. It was only November now, so she should be coming soon, right?

Chen Wan said that Hua Xia's interview with Central TV was slightly delayed. It was next Monday, so she booked a plane ticket and would come on Saturday. After attending Hua Xia's interview, she was not in a hurry to go back. She would wait for three days, and the interview with Yanjing Television Station would be on Thursday.

Li Mu was delighted and quickly said to Chen Wan, "Sister Wan, give me the flight number. I'll pick you up at the airport!"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "No need to trouble yourself. I'll take the airport bus to your school to find you. Just prepare to treat me to a meal."

Li Mu said, "You can eat whatever you want. Don't worry. I'll drive to the airport to pick you up."

Chen Wan asked, "You bought a car?"

Li Mu made up a story, "I bought it."

Chen Wan laughed and said, "That's good. I'm very confident in your driving skills."

"That's settled then."

"Okay, see you on Saturday!"

"See you on Saturday!"

Putting the phone back into his pocket, Li Mu thought that it was time to buy a car.

There were more and more things to do. It was not easy to wander around in Yanjing without a car. Currently, there was no traffic in Yanjing. Having a car was much more convenient than taking public transport. Moreover, there was no need to draw lots to buy a car in Yanjing. All the conditions were very ripe.

Moreover, he had money. Makino Technology had sold 1.2 million in Series A, and he had not touched a single cent.

After making up his mind, Li Mu decided to hurry up and buy a car the next day.

However, what to buy was a problem.

Li Mu liked off-road vehicles. He had a million in his pocket. Logically speaking, he could buy a Wrangler or Prado. He could not buy a Wrangler, but he could buy an imported Toyota Land Cruiser. However, it was too expensive. He did not have much money left to buy a car, so he could not be so arrogant.

It was the end of 2001, the first year of Hua Xia's family car. Many cheap family cars became popular. Volkswagen Bora, Polo, and Buick Sail were all cheaper. However, the models were too ugly and the space was unbearably small. Li Mu would not buy a Santana even if he was beaten to death. Therefore, he could not think of a reason no matter how much he thought about it.