Chapter 1470

Muye & was a joint venture between Makino Technology and Baidu. This kind of joint venture was very common in the West.

For example, the military brand Lockheed Martin. It was a new product of the merger between Lockheed and Martin Marietta.

For example, the luxury brand D&G. It was a product of the two founders, Dolce and Gabbana.

In fact, Baidu was just a bystander in Muye &, but Li Mu was still willing to use this name to name the company. On one hand, it was to give Baidu a certain amount of respect, and more importantly, he wanted people to know that Muye & was a company that focused on search engines. Although it was a new company, it had the genes of two Internet companies.

In addition, the name was also to send a message to Larry Page: I'm a man of my word.

Larry Page was completely shocked by Li Mu.

He didn't expect Li Mu to be so fast. It was so fast that it made his hair stand on end. A few days ago, Li Mu was just negotiating with him, but now, it had all become reality.

After Muye & announced its establishment, the first impact was the rapid rise of Baidu's valuation. In the capital market, Baidu's valuation increased by at least 30% overnight.

Secondly, Makino Technology itself had an additional bargaining chip that could be used to tell stories and increase its valuation. This indicated that Makino Technology was about to enter the search engine field. This was an absolute cross-border expansion. For Makino Technology, there were many advantages and no disadvantages.

Finally, the market was generally pessimistic about Google.

The current situation is extremely unfavorable for Google. With the emergence of such a heavyweight competitor in the market, Google's prospects suddenly become extremely bleak. First of all, it is clear that it will be extremely difficult for Google to continue to develop. Second, the problem that Google will face next is not the problem of continuing to develop, but the problem of how to defend their territory. Muye & Company will continue to nibble away at Google's share in the search engine field, and Google does not have a higher traffic source behind them, so the only thing they can do in the future is subtraction.

The market lost hope in Google, which directly led to the decline of Google's valuation in the capital market. The capital market recognized Google's valuation, and it suddenly fell from 10 billion to around 6 billion. Moreover, the capital market only gave them a valuation. It was still unknown whether anyone would be willing to buy Google's shares for 6 billion USD at this time.

The attitude of the capital market suddenly became extremely cold, and Google's IPO preparation was also forced to stop. This was because Google's cooperating broker told Google that if they continued to prepare for the IPO as planned, Google's market value would be far lower than the original expectations. Moreover, if Muye & continued to bring impact to Google's business in the future, Google's valuation would continue to decline. Even if they successfully went public next year, they might not be able to reach a market value of 10 billion USD. If Muye & brought a huge impact to Google in the future, Google's hopes of going public would be dashed.

Internet companies were bubble companies, and their valuation and market value were all supported by their concepts and stories. Once the concept collapsed, the company itself would collapse as well. Google's original concept was that the popularity of search engines among Internet users and the proportion of behavior would increase, and its influence on Internet users would also increase. The story was that it was currently the world's largest search engine, and Google did not have any competitors in this industry, so the future was bright.

But now, the concept is still there, and the story can no longer be told. If the story can't be told, the market value will collapse.

There are too many cases of bubbles bursting in the history of the Internet. For example, AOL, which was worth nearly 200 billion USD, had shrunk by 98% in a few years. Renren, which was worth more than 7 billion USD at its peak, is more than Sohu, NetEase, and Sina. In the end, it fell to less than one-tenth of its peak value.

Li Mu had only established a company with great fanfare, but it had already made Google feel the panic of a bubble on the verge of bursting. This had also made Larry Page panic. If Muye & Company really launched Muye Search in a few months and built it into all YY products, Google's market value would probably fall below 3 billion USD.

… …

Just as Google was howling in pain, Fang Xudong arrived.

As a high-end technical talent from Silicon Valley, Fang Xudong was summoned back to Silicon Valley at this time, and the signal was very obvious.

Li Mu transferred all the technical experts he relied on to solve the technical team building problem of Muye & Company, which meant that from the technical point of view, the Muye project of Muye & Company had become Li Mu's highest technical priority at present.

This signal made Google even more desperate.

After that, Baidu's first team of engineers followed Fang Xudong's footsteps and rushed to the United States. According to internal sources, this team of engineers was only one-fifth of Baidu's expected manpower investment in the Muye & project. The remaining four-fifths were rushing to apply for visas to the United States.

Baidu's high attention means that Muye & Company's future team can use Baidu's current technology to make Muye & Company as good as Baidu in the shortest time possible.

This also meant that Muye might be able to meet users in just a few months.

Larry Page began to suffer from severe insomnia, he has been up to 72 hours without a wink of sleep, like him suffering from insomnia, there are many more on Google.

Then, another piece of news came.

Muye & Company rented a small and medium-sized office building with more than 5,000 square meters in Silicon Valley. This office building can accommodate at least three to four hundred people. What's more interesting is that this office building is between Makino Technology's Silicon Valley branch and Google. Strictly speaking, it is closer to Google than to Makino Technology.

Muye & Company signing this office building gives Google a greater sense of pressure.

The enemy is coming, the enemy is strong, the enemy is right next to them …

It's like they are surrounded by soldiers.

At this time, more rumors began to appear.

There is news that Makino Technology wants to add Muye search to all non-Chinese products in the future.

There is also news that Makino Technology is going to integrate the overseas version of Tieba into the future Muye search engine.

There is also news that Makino Technology has reached an agreement with all music copyright owners. In the future, YYtunes content will be synchronized to the Web and guided through Muye search engine. In other words, in the future, when users directly search for a song on Muye search engine, Muye will automatically show the original demo and download page at the top. This also includes all the comments of YYtunes users on the song.

What's more frightening is that Makino Technology is going to start using the Taobao Alliance's advertising solution on Muye. In the first half of the alliance's launch, all advertising revenue will be subsidized to traffic owners. They won't get a single cent. This is equivalent to directly playing a price war with Google. Google lives on advertising revenue, and Muye & Company lives on Makino Technology.

The last one is the scariest. This is almost an unbeatable attack by Li Mu.

If you rely on your profits to survive, I will give all of these profits away and make you lose your income.

Therefore, Li Mu's strategy is to suppress all the other party's sources of income and then compete with the other party's reserves. This should be the cruelest competitive method in the capital market.

For a time, these news circulating in the market pressured the entire Google. They witnessed the death of Apple and witnessed the destruction of Apple's profits by Mango-ME. They could clearly feel that Li Mu's invisible hands were tightly gripping their necks.

Resist?

No way.

When Larry Page could not sleep for four consecutive days, Li Mu took Su Yingxue around California and had fun. He was in a good mood.

Although Su Yingxue also enjoyed this kind of two-person world, she was still worried about her parents in Hua Xia. For the first few days, she did not say it out loud. It was not until the fourth night, when she snuggled up in Li Mu's arms and asked him, "When are we leaving for Huaxia?"

Li Mu said, "We can't set the time yet. Are you in a hurry?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and said, "It's okay. If you have something to do, I will accompany you to wait."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I am waiting for a signal. Once the signal arrives, we will immediately set off for Huaxia."

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "What signal are you waiting for?

How long will it take? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am waiting for my opponent to admit defeat. I think it won't be long. It should be in one or two days."

Li Mu was indeed waiting for Larry Page to admit defeat. Li Mu was now very clear about Larry Page's thoughts. It was nothing more than holding on until he exposed some clues and weaknesses. However, Larry Page's thoughts could not be realized. In Li Mu's eyes, he did not have the ability to exert any pressure on Li Mu. Without enough pressure, even if Li Mu had a weakness, he would not be able to expose it.

On the other hand, could Larry Page himself withstand the pressure that Li Mu gave him?

Li Mu made a series of big moves in a very short period of time. Almost every move was made to target Google. It was equivalent to giving Larry Page a set of high-intensity punches, enough to destroy his health points. Therefore, in Li Mu's judgment, Larry Page would not be able to hold on for long. Once he could no longer hold on, he would definitely admit defeat again.

Therefore, Li Mu's plan was very simple. When Larry Page admitted defeat, he would immediately return to Huaxia and meet Larry Page.

No way.

Li Mu's guess was not wrong. The next day, Larry Page and all the shareholders of Google could no longer hold on.

Li Mu's actions were too concentrated, and his actions were very targeted. It was equivalent to using his main force to surround Google, waiting for the time to come. This basically made the market despair about Google's future. Now, no one was willing to invest in Google, even if Google's valuation kept falling.

If this went on, Google would have shrunk by more than half before Muye even went online.

Originally, as long as they diluted their value by 15% to Li Mu, Google's valuation would have been greatly stimulated and increased rapidly. But now, they had a good hand, and they had completely destroyed it.

Therefore, Google's shareholders held another discussion. This discussion started with everyone attacking and blaming each other. In the end, they realized that in this farce, everyone had made a fatal mistake.

Larry Page wanted to compromise immediately, but the shareholders were unwilling to do so.

When the shareholders realized Li Mu's determination, they wanted to compromise, but Larry Page dragged them down again. They felt that Li Mu might be bluffing, so they might as well wait and see before making a decision.

By now, half of their bodies were in the ground.

After arguing for a long time, they realized that no one could shirk this responsibility. It was as if everyone had fallen into a septic tank at the same time. Everyone had a stench on them, and there was no point in arguing like this. It would only increase the internal friction.

After recognizing this reality, Google's internal members reached a consensus. It was meaningless to continue arguing about responsibility. The best way to stop losses was to make up for their mistakes as soon as possible.

Therefore, the shareholders finally decided to let Larry Page represent Google to meet with Li Mu again. This time, Google admitted defeat, and the shareholders collectively diluted 20% of their shares to Li Mu. The shares were increased from 15% to 20%, and the price was 4 billion USD. Compared to the previous 6 billion USD, it was 33.4% lower. There was a huge difference between the two offers, and the losses behind it were extremely heavy.

However, to these shareholders who were in a complete mess, they felt that as long as Li Mu agreed to invest in Google, guaranteed Google's conditions, and stopped Muye & Company's project, Google's market value would rise again. Therefore, the pain was only temporary. As long as they were still alive, the flesh that was cut off would grow back sooner or later.

Therefore, Larry Page hurriedly contacted Li Ziwei, hoping to arrange a meeting with Li Mu again.

Li Ziwei had already received instructions from Li Mu. Her original words were: "If Larry Page calls you and says that he wants to meet with me, tell him that I have to return to Hua Xia immediately and have no time to meet with him. If he calls in the morning, tell him that my plane takes off at night. If he calls in the afternoon or evening, tell him that my plane takes off the next morning."

When Li Mu secretly ran to Hollywood with Su Yingxue, Li Ziwei received a call from Larry Page.

"Hello, Miss Li." Larry Page greeted her, and there was a hint of awkwardness and helplessness in his tone.

"Hi, hello, Mr. Page." Li Ziwei smiled and asked him, "Is there anything I can help you with?"

Larry Page said in a very sincere tone, "I really want to arrange a meeting with Mr. Li Mu again. I wonder if Miss Li can help me pass this message?"

When Larry Page spoke, Li Ziwei had already checked her watch twice to confirm the time. It was 4: 30 pm in Silicon Valley.

When Larry Page finished his request to meet with Li Mu, Li Ziwei immediately replied in less than half a second, "I'm very sorry, Mr. Page. Li Zong's plane takes off tomorrow morning to return to Hua Xia. Before that, he is not prepared to accept any guests or any form of meeting request."