Chapter 711

Li Mu accompanied his parents around Summer Palace. Not only did Li Ziwei have to worry about sunshade, sunscreen, and buying water, she also told Li Mu's parents about the history of Summer Palace. For example, when it was first built, and how the Longevity Mountain was actually earth excavated from Kunming Lake. It was then piled up to the north of Kunming Lake, and later changed to Longevity Mountain.

Other than that, every scenic spot in Summer Palace was based on Jiangnan gardens. She explained it clearly and logically. Although Li Mu had been to Summer Palace countless times, he didn't know much about the details. He only knew that it was Empress Dowager Cixi's backyard, and he preferred to bring girls to Kunming Lake for boating. He especially liked the electric boat that saved him time and effort …

After the arrangements for the summit in the afternoon, the organizers didn't arrange any more banquets. Instead, they gave all the guests the opportunity to meet each other freely. Song Liang gave out dozens of business cards and received hundreds of business cards, especially from real estate developers in Yan Jing. All of them rushed to get to know him. Before the summit ended, many people wanted to invite Song Liang to dinner, but they found that they couldn't find him.

After Song Liang left the venue, he left with Dufy and Chen Fang. Because he wanted to treat Li Mu's parents to dinner, Song Liang asked Chen Fang to book a restaurant in advance. After sending Dufy back to the company, he drove to the restaurant alone.

After receiving the address, Li Mu accompanied his parents around Summer Palace, and then drove them to the restaurant Song Liang had booked.

Papa Lee and Li Ma always had a good impression of Song Liang and his family. When the family first opened Metersbonwe, he was the one who helped out. Not only did he provide free advertising for the building, but he also brought a large number of young people to spend money at the store. On the opening day, not only did he send a flower basket, but he also specially came to cut the ribbon. Later, Papa Lee and Li Ma's business in Haizhou was so smooth because of Song Liang's reputation. With Song Liang around, no department or individual would find trouble with Papa Lee and Li Ma.

Later, Li Mu directly bought a house in the neighborhood developed by Song Liang. Moreover, the two families were neighbors. Papa Lee and Li Ma had a good relationship with Song Liang's wife. The latter often brought their children to walk around, so they had a close relationship. Now that they knew that Li Mu and Song Liang were working together in Yanjing, Papa Lee and Li Ma's impression of Song Liang naturally became better. Therefore, the atmosphere at the table was very harmonious.

After the afternoon segment of the summit ended, Wang Runqing directly invited many representatives of first-tier real estate companies to the hotel where the summit was held for a meal. He made it very high-profile, as if the top of the industry was on his side. It seemed that he was putting pressure on Wei Lan in a disguised way.

Wei Lan couldn't help but feel depressed. Luckily, Xiao Chenfeng kept his word. The moment the meeting ended, he specially came over and said to Wei Lan, "Wei Lan, I still have some media to deal with. I'll have to trouble you to wait for me for a while."

Wei Lan knew that Xiao Chenfeng, as the organizer, would definitely accept the media's interview. However, she was very touched that Xiao Chenfeng still remembered the agreement with her and came to explain it to her personally. After being treated coldly for a day, he was the second person besides Li Mu to treat her kindly. Therefore, she hurriedly nodded and said, "Boss Xiao, please go ahead. I'm not in a hurry."

Xiao Chenfeng smiled indifferently and said casually, "Please, call me Chenfeng or Xiao Chenfeng. Just don't call me Boss Xiao. It's too formal."

After saying that, he did not wait for Wei Lan to respond and hurriedly said, "I'll go over first. Let's talk on the phone later."

Wei Lan did not know how long Xiao Chenfeng would take to finish. She also did not want to stay in the messy banquet hall, so she got up and left the banquet hall. She went outside to get some fresh air. The sun had already set, and the weather outside was not that hot. Compared to being indoors with air conditioning for a day, the air outside was much more comfortable.

Wei Lan sat down on the bench in the garden below the hotel's guest room. She took out a small notebook from her bag and flipped to one of the pages. She used a pen to cross out the names of more than twenty real estate companies one by one. The only one left was the Yanjing City Construction Corporation controlled by Xiao Chen's Feng family. It seemed like this was her only hope.

Wei Lan sighed and put away the notebook. She used the knuckle of her thumb to rub the space between her eyebrows. After a day, she was very clear that it would be as difficult as ascending to heaven to find someone to save the Jun Cheng Real Estate.

In this day and age, it was extremely rare for a company to take out billions of idle funds. Furthermore, billions of funds were invested for two to three years. According to the real interest rate of a commercial loan, the interest itself was an astronomical figure. Furthermore, if this money was invested in the real estate industry, it would not be a problem for the profits to double in two to three years. However, the current net assets of the Jun Cheng Real Estate was only a few billion. Including the profits from the three new buildings, it was only a little over two billion.

Even if they split half of it, it would only be a little over one billion. Furthermore, there were many other risks involved. The biggest risk was the Lan Ke Corporation. With the Lan Ke Corporation obstructing them from behind, the cost of saving the Jun Cheng Real Estate would increase by a lot. After many calculations, Wei Lan was worried that even Xiao Chenfeng and the City Construction Group would find it difficult to help.

Thinking of this, Wei Lan felt nervous. No matter what, Xiao Chenfeng was her last hope. Whether she could save the Jun Cheng Real Estate would depend on tonight's dinner with Xiao Chenfeng.

Half an hour later, Wei Lan received a call from Xiao Chenfeng. The other party first apologized on the phone, "I'm sorry Wei Lan, I've made you wait for so long. I'm done here. Why don't we meet at the hotel's F&B department? Whoever arrives first can wait in the lobby for a while."

"Alright, I'll go over now." Wei Lan stood up and walked towards the hotel's F&B department.

A few minutes later, Wei Lan arrived at the hotel's F&B department. She did not see Xiao Chenfeng in the luxurious lobby, so she waited for a while. Xiao Chenfeng did not appear, which made Wei Lan feel a little anxious. She felt like she was walking on thin ice with the entire Jun Cheng Real Estate on her back. Even a slight breeze would make her nervous.

At this moment, the sound of a live piano came from the lobby of the hotel's restaurant. The sound of the piano was very melodious after mixing with the echoes of the lobby and lobby. With just a few notes, Wei Lan could tell that this song was an adaptation of Enya's "Blue Bean-Blue". It was rare to hear music that she liked, so Wei Lan's anxious mood eased a little.

After the song ended, Xiao Chenfeng finally appeared. He jogged over to Wei Lan and was slightly out of breath. He smiled apologetically and said, "You must be anxious from waiting, right?

I'm really sorry, I was pestered by a few reporters and had to ask some questions. I didn't have the chance to call you back. "

Wei Lan's worried heart was temporarily at ease. She said, "It's fine, I have nothing to do anyway. It's quite relaxing to listen to the piano here."

Xiao Chenfeng smiled and said, "Then let's go up first. The lobby on the first floor is filled with industry insiders, so it's very messy. The private rooms on the second floor are quieter."

Wei Lan nodded, "I'll listen to your arrangements."

Xiao Chenfeng snapped his fingers at the waiter in a white suit beside him. The waiter immediately rushed forward. Xiao Chenfeng said to him, "Inform the people upstairs to prepare the Elegant Hall for me. I'll treat the distinguished guests to dinner tonight."

The young man in the white suit hurriedly said, "I'm sorry, Director Xiao. The private rooms upstairs are all full today."

"All full?" Xiao Chenfeng frowned, "What's going on?"

The young man in the white suit explained, "Our public relations department has booked eight, Director Wang of the Lanke Group has booked four, and the remaining four are individual guests. The guests have already taken their seats."

Xiao Chenfeng said with a displeased expression, "What's going on? Wang Runqing booked four?

Who gave you permission to book them for him? "

The young man in the white suit had an awkward expression, "Director Xiao, we usually open reservations. Besides, our hotel's catering capacity is not very strong …"

This hotel in the city was more commercial in nature. It was not a holiday hotel in the suburbs or tourist attractions that occupied a huge area. Therefore, the F&B department was not planned to be large, and the volume was average. The 16 private rooms were almost full when there were organized activities.

Xiao Chenfeng waved his hand, "Ask the hotel manager to coordinate with Wang Runqing. Ask him to vacate a private room for me!

Tell him that I said it and ask him to vacate the room immediately! "

The young man in the white suit asked him tentatively, "Director Xiao, this is not very good …"

Xiao Chenfeng waved his hand and said with a frown, "I know whether it's good or not. Just do as I say!"

At this time, Wei Lan, who had been silent, said, "Director Xiao, why don't we eat in the lobby? Don't make things difficult for them."

Xiao Chenfeng sighed and said to her, "The lobby is full of industry insiders. It's a mess. Besides, we still have serious matters to discuss."

As he said this, Xiao Chenfeng's eyes lit up. He blurted out, "You signed in and entered the hotel in the morning. You haven't checked in yet, right?

I asked someone to reserve a high-class suite for you. Why don't you go to the suite and ask the chef to prepare the food for you? That way, we won't be disturbed when we talk. "

When Xiao Chenfeng said that he wanted to eat in the guest room, Wei Lan resisted instinctively. At the same time, she was naturally on guard. Xiao Chenfeng saw that Wei Lan was hesitant, so he immediately changed the topic and said, "Why don't we go out and find a place? We can talk about the details when we reach the hotel. Wait for me for a while, I'll go get the car."

When Wei Lan saw that Xiao Chenfeng gave up on his suggestion so quickly, she let down her guard. She felt that she needed help from him, so she should not trouble him with such a small matter. If they really went out to eat, it would be troublesome to get the car, find a place, park the car, and eat. She might as well follow his suggestion and eat in the guest room. Actually, for her, eating was not important. She just wanted to get Xiao Chenfeng's feedback as soon as possible. Was the Urban Construction Group willing to help Juncheng Real Estate get through this crisis?