Chapter 1259

In Li Mu's eyes, Du Wei was like the most perfect girl that the Creator could think of, especially her spotless purity, which made people involuntarily have a strong desire to protect her. Moreover, Li Mu not only had a preference for Du Wei, but also a strong sense of responsibility. He always felt that he was the one who brought Du Wei from a carefree rich girl into the entertainment industry, so he had the absolute responsibility to make her the brightest star in the entertainment industry.

Unlike Liu Ye, after confirming the news that she would play the female lead from Li Mu's mouth, Du Wei did not appear particularly excited. Instead, she asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, I heard from my sister that you are going to do a charity project for veterans?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded. It was not surprising that Du Wei knew about this. Liu Xinying, who helped him run the veterans' undying project, was introduced by Chen Ze, and Chen Ze had liked Dufy for so many years, so he would definitely tell Dufy about this, so it was not surprising that Du Wei knew about it.

Li Mu said, "Your Brother Chen Ze introduced me to a friend, and now she is helping me plan this thing. It will not be long before it is promoted nationwide."

Du Wei blinked. "I know, Sister Xinying is helping you."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "You know her too?"

Du Wei nodded. "Of course I know her, and I have known her since I was very young."

As she spoke, Du Wei added, "How should I put it? Sister Xinying's grandfather and my grandfather are very, very good old friends, and they have been old comrades for more than ten years. Our two families are very close."

Li Mu came to a sudden realization.

He had heard from Chen Ze that Dufy and Du Wei's families were not ordinary. Unlike Chen Ze, who was from an official's family, the Du family had a real red background, and Liu Xinying happened to be the third generation of the red family. Even if the two families were not at the top of the pyramid, they were members of the first echelon. According to the principle of the pyramid, there would not be many members of the first echelon who were infinitely close to the top. Even if they were added together, it would probably be in the double digits. Therefore, it was not surprising that their grandparents knew each other.

At this moment, Du Wei added, "Brother Li Mu, Sister Xinying's grandfather and my grandfather are very supportive of your charity project. When the two of them were on the phone, my grandfather said 'this is great' several times. The old man was very excited, and my grandmother was afraid that he would suddenly have some symptoms due to his excitement."

Li Mu said in surprise, "Your grandfather also knows?"

"Yes."

Du Wei nodded and said, "My grandfather said that there are some things that he is no longer suitable to do, especially the thing you want to do. He emphasized that there are many veterans who cannot receive the corresponding social security due to special circumstances. I am afraid that the people who can really bring help to them are voluntary groups and organizations. Therefore, the project you are doing is very meaningful. Originally, my grandfather wanted to help with this project and find some connections, but Grandpa Liu advised him not to worry. He said that since you are going to do it, you will definitely do it very well."

Speaking of this, Du Wei teased, "Grandpa Liu is very supportive of you. It seems that Sister Xinying told him about your plan for this project, so he has been praising you. My grandfather said that Grandpa Liu has never praised anyone so much in his life. Maybe he even wants you to be his grandson-in-law."

"Ah ha."

Li Mu laughed twice to ease the awkwardness, but he was very happy in his heart. He was happy that the "Veterans Don't Die" project was actually known by two old people who might also be veterans, and they gave it such great recognition. This further showed that this project must be carried out, and it must be done, because its significance was really irreplaceable by any kind of charity.

Seeing that Li Mu laughed twice and did not speak, Du Wei stopped teasing him and turned to say seriously, "Brother Li Mu, since you want me to play the female lead of" Flying Tigers ", then let me participate in your charity project!

I see that my grandfather really wants to do his part for this project, and as his granddaughter, I really want to do something for him to make him feel better. "

Li Mu immediately said, "Okay, if you're willing, then I'll let you be the charity ambassador for this charity project. When the time comes, I'll use you as the spokesperson for the external publicity. If there's an offline activity, you can also participate. I'll accompany you."

"That's great!" Du Wei said excitedly, "I still have some savings. I will donate all of them!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't have to donate money. Just donate your face. It can be used as a lot of money."

"Ah?" Du Wei asked him curiously, "How can my face be used as money?

Even if I am the charity ambassador, I may not be able to call on many people to donate. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "When the time comes, I'll design a brand logo for you and our Immortal Veterans Project. For example, the logo will be you holding up a heart with your hands and write 'Care for Veterans, Immortal Veterans' on the side. At that time, all the companies that are willing to cooperate with us can use this logo for free in their corporate publicity. At that time, I'm afraid there will be a lot of companies actively participating because of your image. It's not like you don't know how many companies are rushing to get you to endorse them."

At present, Du Wei's popularity in China could almost be described as phenomenal. Because her image and temperament were one in a million, and she was really clean without the slightest stain, she was highly respected by fans. What was more rare was that she had just started her career, and she did not have many works, but all of them were good works. Whether it was movies or songs, they were very popular. Therefore, her appeal to fans was far from comparable to those celebrities who had plastic surgery in the future.

Because of Du Wei's incomparable popularity, countless companies were trying their best to invite her for endorsements, film and TV play invitations, TV station announcements, and offline activities. However, except for some activities with Makino Technology and Mu Ye Impression, Du Wei did not accept all the invitations from other companies. On the one hand, she was not short of money, and she did not want to earn that money. On the other hand, she did not want to do any commercial publicity activities for other companies other than Li Mu.

Du Wei did not accept any commercial activities, but not only did it not dispel the enthusiasm of those companies, but it made them more persistent in seeking cooperation with Du Wei. The price they offered to Du Wei was rising almost every day. At this time, if the Veterans' Undying Charity Project introduced Du Wei as a charity spokesperson, and then used her image to make a set of brand logos, in conjunction with Li Mu's business model of charity operation, it would definitely have a greater attraction to businesses.

When Du Wei learned all of Li Mu's plans from him, Du Wei almost agreed without thinking. She said excitedly, "That's great, Brother Li Mu, you must keep your word. I want to be the charity spokesperson!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You have to think about it carefully. If this charity project becomes popular, I'm afraid a lot of companies will come to cooperate with you. At that time, they will all have the right to print the logo with your image on their products!"

Du Wei nodded repeatedly and said without thinking, "No problem!

The more the better, because the more they print, the more money they have to donate! "

After that, Du Wei suddenly asked nervously, "Brother Li Mu, when the time comes, you won't cooperate with all the businesses, will you?

What if my face is printed on the toilet bowl, then I... "

Li Mu was about to answer her, but Du Wei had a look of desperation on her face again. She gritted her little white teeth and said with great determination, "Oh, if they are willing to print it, then so be it!

As long as they are willing to donate money, even if they print me into the cat litter bowl, I will accept it! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry, when the time comes, I will definitely strictly check the authorization of your image. I am going to divide the cooperation into different categories. Small enterprises and most ordinary products can only do ordinary cooperation. They can advertise to the outside that they are the designated cooperation brand of Immortal Veterans. Such partners can't use your image. As for the batch of businesses that can use your image, I will definitely strictly check for you. In principle, only formal hospitals, medicine brands, well-known supermarket brands, daily necessities and food brands can use your image."

Du Wei quickly waved her hands and said, "It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. As long as they are willing to pay, let them use it. The more money we raise, the more stable the old grandpas' lives will be!"

At this time, Du Wei looked serious. Even Li Mu couldn't see a trace of falsehood on her face. This was one of the reasons why he preferred Du Wei. This little girl was indeed simple and extremely kind.

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's true, but I can't really let all the companies use your image unscrupulously. Not only do I have to consider the Veterans Don't Die charity project, but I also have to consider your development. If your image is too widespread, it's not a good thing for you. As for the charity, I have many other ways to make up for it, so don't take all the fundraising tasks on your own head."

Du Wei hesitated for a while, stuck out her tongue, and said with a playful face, "Then I will leave it to you and Sister Xinying. I'm lazy, so I will do whatever you want me to do!"