Chapter 213

At 5: 30 in the afternoon, Li Mu arrived at the hotel where Zhang Kexuan and the others were staying. The four of them chatted for a while. According to Ye Tianming, Zhang Kexuan's friend was named Chen Ze. His family was quite extraordinary. The old man used to be a high-ranking official in Nansu Province. A few years ago, he was transferred to Yan Jing and entered the ministry.

Now he was said to be in a high position. However, Chen Ze had always been low-key. He was not as arrogant and domineering as some second-generation rich kids. However, he had a high standard for people. He would not interact with people he looked down on. When Zhang Kexuan was fooling around in rock and roll, he belonged to the group of people he looked down on and did not do proper work. However, now that Zhang Kexuan had made a name for himself, Chen Ze started to like him a little more.

However, according to Zhang Kexuan, Chen Ze was very interested in Li Mu. After hearing Zhang Kexuan's introduction, his voice was even a little happy. He said directly on the phone, "Invite your friend over. Let's get to know each other."

Although Li Mu did not know Chen Ze and had never even met him, he could guess that Chen Ze was interested in him because of the flag 3321.

At around six o 'clock, Zhang Kexuan received a phone call. Then he stood up and said to Li Mu, "Let's go. The car is here to pick us up."

Li Mu nodded and said goodbye to the other three. He left the hotel room with Zhang Kexuan. Zhang Kexuan put on a mask as soon as he went out. When they arrived downstairs, a Bentley Elegance was already parked at the door. A man in the passenger seat saw them and came forward to ask. After confirming Zhang Kexuan's identity, he invited them to get in the car.

Li Mu sat in the brand-new Bentley Elegance and muttered in his heart. Bentley had just entered Hua Xia in 2001. Buying this car now would almost cost five or six houses in Yan Jing. Moreover, it would have to be a three-bedroom house. Since Chen Ze's family was an official in the court, he should not be so high-profile.

However, Li Mu did not ask much. He sat in the car and let the car drive him to the villa area near the Asian Games Village.

Li Mu, who had lived in Yan Jing for many years, was very clear about this.

The villas in the Asian Games Village would be one of the most expensive villas in Beijing in the future because it was close enough to the city. Those so-called luxurious villas in the future were all in the suburbs.

The price could not be compared to the villas here.

The car drove directly into the courtyard of a villa. When he came in, Li Mu saw seven or eight luxury cars parked on both sides of the road. He could vaguely hear the music coming from the house in the courtyard. As soon as he got off the car.

Li Mu could tell that the music was a very popular disco song in the past, which was the current era. It was called Penguin\ 's-Game. The direct translation of the song was "Penguin Dance", but it was widely used for a kind of disco dance called "Bunny Dance".

“Left！

Left！

Right！

Right！

Go — Turn — Around, GO!

GO!

GO!”

The almost brainwashing rhythm and lyrics made Li Mu suddenly feel a strong sense of retro nostalgia.

The young man in the passenger seat shouted into the walkie-talkie. Soon, the door opened, and a young man around 26 or 27 years old came in front of the two along with a sudden increase in volume.

"Brother Ze," Zhang Kexuan greeted the person politely.

The person smiled and patted his shoulder. Then, he looked at Li Mu and asked Zhang Kexuan, "This is the Li Mu you were talking about, right?"

Zhang Kexuan nodded and quickly introduced him to Li Mu. "Li Mu, this is the brother Ze I was talking about, Chen Ze."

Li Mu shook hands with Chen Ze politely. At the same time, he was sizing up this young man in front of him who was seven or eight years older than him. He was not bad looking and had a rather tough temperament.

He was well-built. Although he was only wearing a t-shirt, the muscles on his upper body were very obvious.

Chen Ze didn't waste too much time with the two. He just said to Zhang Kexuan, "Today is my birthday.

It's a sister I met in Beijing. The car that picked you up and this mansion belong to her family. When you guys just became popular, she knew that I also came from Jinling. She kept asking me if I knew you. I said I knew you, and she always wanted me to bring you two together.

She has always wanted me to matchmake the two of you. She's your fan, so if she does anything irrational later, please be more accommodating. "

Zhang Kexuan nodded. Chen Ze said to Li Mu politely, "Li Mu, don't be shy when you go in. I'll introduce a few friends to you."

"Okay."

Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan followed Chen Ze into the mansion. As soon as they entered, they realized that the entire hall and living room that was more than a hundred square meters was decorated like a nightclub. There were about ten or twenty young men and women inside. Some were drinking and chatting. Some were twisting their bodies on the empty dance floor in the middle. As soon as the three entered, a girl who was in the middle of the dance floor screamed and ran towards the three. She stood in front of Zhang Kexuan and looked up at him. "Are you Kexuan?"

Zhang Kexuan nodded. He found his mask and smiled. "It's me!"

"Ah!

It's really you! "

The girl hugged Zhang Kexuan excitedly. Then, a few other girls on the dance floor ran over too. They all looked surprised and happy. It seemed like they were really Zhang Kexuan's fans.

It couldn't be helped. After all, he was the main singer in 'Simple Plan' and had the best looks. Most of the fans in 'Simple Plan' were infatuated with him.

Chen Ze introduced them to Zhang Kexuan. The first girl who threw herself into his arms was Du Wei. She was the girl who was celebrating her birthday today. The rest were Du Wei's best friends and sisters.

These crazy female fans surrounded Zhang Kexuan and chattered non-stop. They even asked their friends to take photos for them. Chen Ze patted Li Mu and pointed to the bar next to the dance floor. "Let's go and sit there for a while."

Li Mu nodded. Chen Ze turned to Zhang Kexuan and said, "I'll sit at the bar with Li Mu for a while. If you're interested, come over later."

Zhang Kexuan nodded. Although he really wanted to go, he really couldn't leave. After all, there were still a few girls surrounding him. One of them was the host today.

Chen Ze and Li Mu came to the bar and said to the young man at the bar, "Xiao Si, pour two glasses of beer."

After that, the song "Penguin 's-Game" just finished playing. He said to Li Mu, "Wait for me."

Coming to the front of the DJ, Chen Ze whispered to him. Then, the DJ handed him a microphone. Chen Ze held the microphone and said to everyone, "Everyone, please pay attention. I have something to say. Kexuan is now a public figure, so don't take photos randomly. Don't post it on the Internet. Let a few girls take photos with him. As for the others, don't mess around."

The dozen or so people around them all nodded. It could be seen that Chen Ze still had a lot of prestige in this circle.

Li Mu's impression of Chen Ze in his heart went up a level. He could take into account that Zhang Kexuan was a public figure, and he could also think of the negative news that Zhang Kexuan's participation in this kind of activity would cause. So, he said hello in advance, which was a kind of protection for Zhang Kexuan.

When Chen Ze sat back at the bar, the beer was already placed in front of him. He picked up a glass and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, I've heard of your name for a long time. When 3321 first came out, I was wondering what kind of person could come up with such a good idea that could bring both fame and fortune. Later, when I saw the report on Yanjing TV, I found out that you're actually a university student. That's really amazing."

The two of them clinked their glasses and took a sip. Li Mu put down his glass and said humbly, "Actually, 3321 was nothing more than a lucky hit. It's nothing great."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and said with a smile, "You did 3321 and didn't earn a single cent from it. Moreover, every step 3321 has taken since the beginning has been filled with extraordinary wisdom. To say that it was a lucky hit, I don't believe it."

As he said that, Chen Ze said again, "I really didn't think that you and Kexuan actually knew each other. When did you two meet?"

Li Mu said, "July or August of this year."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "That band of theirs seems to have also gradually become famous in July or August."

As he said that, Chen Ze sighed and said, "Actually, I've always looked down on him. He doesn't do proper work. He clearly doesn't have the ability or talent, but he still wants to play rock and roll. Seeing that we're childhood friends, I reluctantly put him in the category of nodding acquaintances. But I really didn't think that he would actually be able to make a name for himself in music. When I heard those songs of theirs, for the first time, I started to doubt my own judgment of people."

Li Mu secretly sighed. Chen Ze's judgment of people should be more shrewd and ruthless. Zhang Kexuan and the others, before they met him, could indeed be considered standard people who didn't do proper work. The four of them really didn't have the talent to walk this path. After meeting him, he relied on those golden songs of the future to pull them out of mediocrity and achieve the situation they had today.

"Actually, Kexuan's talent in music is quite good. Those few songs of theirs can be said to be currently the biggest hit."

Li Mu tried to help Zhang Kexuan.

Chen Ze said, "That's what I'm puzzled about. I'm just doubting my own judgment of people. But even now, I'm not a hundred percent sure that I've made a mistake. Because I keep feeling that there's something fishy about this."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's fishy about it?"

Chen Ze smiled faintly and said, "I've seen many people suddenly enlightened, but I've never seen anyone do it so thoroughly. The reason why Sienna can become the publicly acknowledged god of racing is because he's been driving go-karts since he was young, so he has an excellent foundation. But I've never heard of anyone who was as rusty as a newbie driving on the streets yesterday and drifting skillfully the next day. Do you think there's something fishy about this?"

Li Mu thought to himself that this guy actually saw the essence of the matter so quickly. He could directly see that it was very difficult for Zhang Kexuan and the others to write those four popular songs in one go. However, he didn't have any substantial evidence. Otherwise, if he had just caught some clues, he would have been able to confirm that there was definitely a big inside story behind Simple Plan's popularity.

Thus, Li Mu didn't reply to him. Instead, he caught a piece of information from his words and asked with a smile, "Speaking of Sienna, you like F1 too?"