Chapter 463

At noon, when Chen Guanghua was burning with anxiety in Yan Jing, Li Mu's real-name report on Xu and Dan had become the hottest news of the day.

In the morning, Li Mu personally wrote a report by hand, detailing the content of his report. This time, he attached the full names of Xu and Dan, stamped his fingerprint, and handed it to Dong Ai to fax to the major media. Therefore, in the news broadcast at noon, the media reported this matter in more detail, and even specially showed the scanned copy of Li Mu's report.

The Anti-Corruption Bureau of the Procuratorate responded very quickly. In the morning, they jointly set up a special investigation team with the Municipal Bureau to investigate Li Mu's report on Xu and Dan. Xu and Dan were immediately placed under surveillance by the Procuratorate. During the investigation of the case, they were not allowed to leave Yan Jing.

At this time, for the sake of their image, the Film Academy completely ignored these two people and made two statements in a row. First, the Film Academy had no knowledge of Xu and Dan manipulating the art examination and accepting bribes. Second, the Film Academy temporarily suspended the two people and would fully cooperate with the investigation of the public security bureau. Once the case was verified, they would not be tolerated.

Xu and Dan were now hiding at home and did not dare to go out. They were in a constant state of anxiety at home. Both mentally and physically, they had encountered great fear and shock. Their families tried to move around, but they found out that the case was now being investigated by the head of the public security bureau and was strictly supervised. With so many media watching, it was difficult to mediate. Therefore, they should give up on this idea. If they had the time, they should think of ways to reduce the punishment.

There were less than two months left before the college entrance examination in early July, which was the time when the whole nation paid the most attention to the college entrance examination. There were so many art examinees all over the country, and almost everyone was paying attention to this incident. It could be said that once this incident came out, the professionals in the education system had entered a state of high pressure.

This time, even the department in charge of the Film Academy, the Yan Jing Municipal Government, made a statement that they would launch the most severe attack on the moths in the education system and give the majority of students a fair, just, healthy, and pure learning environment.

As soon as the Yan Jing Municipal Government made the statement, local governments and educational institutions followed suit. Taking advantage of the critical juncture of the college entrance examination, they announced that they would severely punish the moths in the education system. This caused the professionals in the national education system to be on tenterhooks.

And because of the attention of the media and the statements of the local governments, the support on the Internet reached an unparalleled height!

All the Tieba, forums, chat rooms, YY groups, and even in the game, were discussing this national hot topic that had suddenly exploded. The people gave high praise to the protagonist of the incident, Li Mu. This kind of praise was even more than the praise the entire country had for Li Mu when they first found out that he had created 3321.

Li Mu had never thought that he would use this incident to reap a huge harvest of reputation and faith. Now, he had all kinds of halos on him. On one hand, he was the founder of 3321, the largest student aid charity organization in the country. On the other hand, he was a warrior and hero who fought against the moths in the education system and defended the rights and interests of ordinary students.

It was unknown who created Li Mu's Tieba. In the past, this Tieba was not very popular, but now it had become a place where netizens all over the country came to worship. Someone posted a post on Li Mu's Tieba: "Fully supporting Li Mu in fighting against the moths in the education system and cheering for Li Mu's building!"

By the afternoon, this post had created an astonishing number of millions of views and 300,000 replies. It was even more ferocious than Jia Junpeng's post.

Caught off guard, Li Mu became popular again.

…

The anxious Chen Guanghua had been making calls ever since he learned of the changes in the country. But the more calls he made, the more frightened he became.

Those "backers" who took his money, ate his food, and drank his wine all turned against him. They didn't even pick up his calls. Occasionally, someone would pick up, but their tone was very distant. When he asked them who was targeting his factory, they would only say some official words, such as: Your fire protection is not up to standard, there are hidden dangers in production, your waste disposal is not up to standard, your fleet of vehicles is not up to standard, and so on.

Chen Guanghua was so frightened that he didn't know what to do. If he couldn't reach an agreement with the Japanese company, he could just grit his teeth and bear with it. But this factory was his blood, sweat, and tears. If the factory was shut down, he would be finished. Not to mention the huge cost of shutting down the factory, just the buyer alone would be enough to kill him.

The buyer's contracts all had very clear clauses against violations. There were clear rights and responsibilities for what goods to order, how much to order, what specifications, what requirements, when to deliver the goods, what percentage of the defective goods, and so on. If the goods were delivered late, he would have to pay compensation. If the compensation was not paid, the buyer could directly deduct it from the backlog of payment, or even not settle the account. Moreover, the compensation was a small matter. What was really fatal was the channel. If he couldn't deliver the goods for a period of time, the buyer would immediately find other suppliers to solve the demand. By the time he settled the problem and started production again, the business would have already been taken by others.

Chen Guanghua was burning with anxiety. No matter who was targeting him, they were trying to kill him!

And the most terrible thing was, how big was the background of the other party?

He called and asked around, and said all kinds of good things, but he still couldn't find out who was targeting him. This was too terrible!

It only took more than two hours to fly back to Yanjing from Japan. It took a total of about six hours. When Chen Guanghua landed in Yanjing, he couldn't wait to turn on his mobile phone and call Lu Junmin.

"Have you figured out what the situation is?" When the plane was still taxiing, Chen Guanghua held the mobile phone and shouted.

Lu Junmin said, "I haven't heard anything yet …"

Chen Guanghua scolded angrily, "Trash!

You haven't figured it out after such a long time. What's the use of you! "After that, he hung up the phone angrily and then called his old leader.

When the assets of the plastic factory were reorganized, Chen Guanghua relied on the old leader's care to get the production equipment in the factory at a very low price. The old leader just wanted to make one last profit before the bankruptcy, so the two of them took what they needed.

However, no one expected that after the company went bankrupt, the old leader's luck changed. He was transferred to a newly established local credit cooperative. Over the years, he climbed up step by step, and now he was a senior executive of a big bank in Yanjing. When Chen Guanghua saw that the old leader was in power, he once wanted to build a relationship with him, but the other party seemed to look down on him. Perhaps because of the past, the old leader wanted to keep a distance from him, so Chen Guanghua had never been able to build a relationship with the old leader again.

Now, he really had no choice. The people he found were not even willing to tell him the whole story, so he didn't know how to solve the problem at all, so he called the old leader.

The old leader didn't want to have anything to do with him. The history of Chen Guanghua's wealth was too simple and straightforward. He gained great benefits from the restructuring of the state-owned plastic factory and used gray means to make his first bucket of gold. Even now, he was still in the plastic industry, so if someone had too much contact with him, they would immediately think that there was something fishy between the two of them.

Therefore, the old leader, like the others, played dumb on the phone and said a bunch of empty words. Not a single one of his words was grounded in reality.

Chen Guanghua begged bitterly, "Old leader, old leader, I know you don't want to be too close to me, and I won't pester you shamelessly. If you still care about the friendship between us, please take pity on me. I don't ask you to help me solve the problem, as long as you tell me who I have provoked and who is messing with me, I will be grateful for your kindness for the rest of my life!"

The old leader hesitated for a moment, then sighed and said, "I'll ask around, I'll tell you the news."

Chen Guanghua said hurriedly, "Old leader, thank you!"

After hanging up the phone, Chen Guanghua hurried to the factory. His wife, Zhang Lan, usually only held the position of general manager, but she rarely came to the factory. Today, when she received Lu Junmin's notice, she came ahead of time. At the moment, the whole factory was sealed. Zhang Lan, Lu Junmin, and a few other backbones of the factory were standing at the door in a daze. Seeing Chen Guanghua coming, Zhang Lan hurriedly went up and asked, "Old Chen, did you offend someone outside?"

Chen Guanghua shook his head, "I don't know."

Zhang Lan couldn't help but say, "You didn't provoke anyone, why did they only target us?

We're the only factory in the entire industrial area that has been sealed. "

Chen Guanghua said, "I really don't know. I called countless times, but I still couldn't find out what exactly happened. Not to mention the factory, even the cooperation with Japan was canceled. The other party suddenly changed their mind at the last moment and turned against us. I think it has something to do with this matter."

Zhang Lan complained, "You must have offended someone outside!

You're always so arrogant when you talk to everyone, it would be strange if you didn't offend someone! "

Chen Guanghua was angry, "You only know how to talk about me, you've offended a lot of people outside too!

Is the matter of our daughter going to the Film Academy ruined?

Is it your fault?

Today's domestic newspapers were on the flight back, I've read them all. Xu and Dan can't even protect themselves now, so our daughter's matter is definitely out of the question. If you hadn't been so competitive, would this have happened? "

Zhang Lan stomped her feet and scolded, "Stop bullshitting, how can it be my fault?

It's that Li brat who scolded your daughter for not having a good upbringing! "

Lu Junmin sighed and braced himself to mediate, "Mr. Chen, Mr. Zhang, let's not just quarrel now, we have to come up with a countermeasure. The fire department said that we have to pay a fine before we can tear off the seal, otherwise we can't tear off the seal, we have to pay the fine for them to tear it off. Can the two of you discuss it, should we pay the fine first?"