Chapter 682

Because of the old man, Wang Shaohua had worked in the Housing Committee for half of his life. He was not very rich, but his life was smooth. After all, his father had accumulated some resources in the early years. However, the embarrassing thing was that the Housing Committee was a very profitable department. Although Wang Shaohua's family could get him in and also get him the identity of a deputy divisional investigator, it was because the profit in the Housing Committee was too great that he had not been able to hold much real power. He had not been able to mix in the core circle.

Before, Secretary Cao of the Party Committee appreciated him, but it was just appreciation. He had never really made an exception to give him any preferential treatment. Secretary Cao retired in the first half of the year, so Wang Shaohua completely lost his power in the unit.

Originally, Wang Shaohua didn't care. Anyway, when Secretary Cao was there, he didn't bring any real benefits to him. At most, it was because Secretary Cao thought highly of him, so no one in the unit gave him a hard time. He thought that even if Secretary Cao retired, he wouldn't lose much, but he didn't expect that there were people in the unit who didn't like him. As soon as Secretary Cao retired, his immediate boss began to make things difficult for him, which really didn't make him feel better at all.

Today, he had planned to ask for leave with his wife. During the day, he would accompany his daughter to see the house in Huafu Mansion, and in the evening, the family would invite Li Mu to dinner. Unexpectedly, when they were halfway to see the house, the new secretary of the Party Committee called and conveyed the secretary's anger at him for leaving his post without permission. Wang Shaohua didn't need to think about it. It must be his immediate boss who set him up. His leave notice was only sent to him, and it was estimated that he was directly destroyed by him.

In fact, even if he left his post for half a day without permission, it was not a big deal, but the bad thing was that the new secretary knew it and was very angry. This was too bad. If he was dissatisfied with him from then on, then he would really have no good days in the future.

People in the system were walking on thin ice all the time. It was okay if they had a good relationship, but if they didn't, they might even ruin their future if they opened the door two seconds late. Wang Shaohua used to have a little relationship. Now, the old secretary just retired, and his father who had retired for many years might not have any relationship at all.

He hurriedly drove back to the unit. As soon as he arrived at the office, Ma Bingliang came out of his private office and waved at him. With a cold expression, he said, "Shaohua, come here for a moment."

Wang Shaohua thought to himself. This guy must be waiting for him. But the new Party Secretary's secretary told him over the phone that the new Party Secretary wants to meet him. So, he told Ma Bingliang. "Director Ma, I heard Secretary Dong is looking for me?"

Ma Bingliang said: "Come to my office first. I will go with you to Secretary Dong's office later."

Wang Shaohua thought that Secretary Dong must have misunderstood him because of him. Before meeting Secretary Dong, he had to ask him about the situation first, so he entered Secretary Dong's office.

As soon as he entered the office, Ma Bingliang said with a dark face, "You're getting more and more outrageous!"

Wang Shaohua could not help but ask, "Director Ma, what's wrong with me?"

Ma Bingliang said, "Someone said you took personal leave to renovate your house?"

Wang Shaohua could not help but frown. "Director Ma, where did you hear this from?"

Wang Shaohua did not mention that his family had a house in Hua Fu Mansion. Moreover, he only took personal leave today. He only said that he had a private matter and did not say what he was going to do. He did not understand how Ma Bingliang heard that he was renovating a house.

Ma Bingliang waved his hand. "Don't worry about where I heard it. Now the whole unit knows about it. Everyone is secretly saying that you, Wang Shaohua, are now very powerful. You spent more than 2 million in cash to buy a duplex in Hua Fu Mansion. More than 2 million. Do you know what everyone is talking about you now?"

Wang Shaohua shook his head and asked him, "What are they talking about me?"

Ma Bingliang looked at him and said bitterly, "Sigh!

They all said that you made a lot of money with Secretary Cao. Some people even said that this house was given to you by the developer of Hua Fu Mansion! "

Wang Shaohua only felt that it was ridiculous. He couldn't help but say, "Director Ma, it's not like you don't know who the developer of Hua Fu Mansion is. It's the largest real estate company in Yan Jing. I'm just a deputy division level investigator, and I sit in the office all day long. How can they give me a house?

How can people believe this kind of rumor? "

Ma Bingliang asked him, "Then tell me, how did you get that house?

Did you buy it yourself?

Let me tell you, this matter has already reached Secretary Dong's ears. He is very angry. Maybe he will launch an internal investigation on you! "

After all, all the ins and outs of the house could be clearly checked. For example, the house was bought by Chen Guanghua and transferred to Li Mu's name. Li Mu then transferred the house to his daughter's name. His daughter was not present at the time of the transfer. Logically speaking, it was against the regulations. But Wang Shaohua was also a member of the Housing and Urban-Rural Development Committee. He showed his identity and took out the household registration book, and the Housing Bureau directly handled the transfer. Could it be that he had caused trouble that time?

Facing Ma Bingliang's doubt, Wang Shaohua said, "That house was given to me by someone, but it has nothing to do with the developer of Hua Fu Mansion. Besides, that house was not given to me. It was given to my daughter."

Ma Bingliang's eyes lit up. He hurriedly asked, "Who would give such an expensive house to your daughter?"

Wang Shaohua said truthfully, "My daughter's cousin's boyfriend."

Ma Bingliang curled his lips to the back of his ears. He felt that Wang Shaohua was simply insulting his IQ. With Wang Shaohua's annual salary, it would take him more than ten years to save up for a house worth more than two million yuan. Can you afford to give such an expensive property to your daughter?

You even said that your daughter's cousin's boyfriend gave it to your daughter. Are you f * cking kidding me?

Could it be that your daughter's cousin's boyfriend is a billionaire and has too much money to spend?

Giving your daughter a house worth more than two million yuan?

If I were to believe you, my brain would have been f * cking useless!

However, Ma Bingliang was also happy in his heart. If Wang Shaohua really said this in front of Secretary Dong, it would be interesting. Secretary Dong would probably hate him to death.

Maybe he would directly launch an internal investigation. If Secretary Dong remembered this, Wang Shaohua would be finished!

So, Ma Bingliang pretended to believe Wang Shaohua and said with a smile, "I see. Hey, if you had told me earlier, I would have known. Secretary Dong is looking for you. It's my negligence. I was too busy today. In the morning, I accompanied Secretary Dong to the City Hall to attend the Subway Line 10 representative meeting. I forgot about your personal leave yesterday. When Secretary Dong came back, he thought you were absent from work without permission. Let's go to his office together and explain to him in person."

Ma Bingliang had long heard about Wang Shaohua buying a house. Secretary Dong just wanted to call a few investigators for a small meeting today. Wang Shaohua happened to be on leave, so Ma Bingliang deliberately pretended not to know his whereabouts. Secretary Dong thought he was absent from work and was quite annoyed. He also bragged in front of Secretary Dong about Wang Shaohua buying a house and renovating it. This made Secretary Dong even more annoyed.

Ma Bingliang had long been unhappy with Wang Shaohua. Wang Shaohua had been appreciated by Secretary Cao for the past few years, and Ma Bingliang had not achieved much in his work in the past few years. Secretary Cao had expressed his dissatisfaction with him more than once or twice. He had also heard that Secretary Cao was interested in promoting Wang Shaohua. Ma Bingliang did not know if it was true, but since then, he regarded Wang Shaohua as his mortal enemy. He also tried everything and used all his connections to stabilize his position.

Fortunately, Secretary Cao did not really want to help Wang Shaohua. Otherwise, he might really be pushed down by this bastard.

When Ma Bingliang thought of this, he was very pleased. He waved to Wang Shaohua and said, "Let's go to Secretary Dong's office together. You can explain to him in person."

Secretary Dong was very busy these two days. The City Government was holding the final representative meeting on the Subway Line 10's route map. The two plans were going to be finalized in a few days. The Housing and Urban-Rural Development Committee was closely related to the subway, so they also had a few seats in this representative meeting. Although the Housing and Urban-Rural Development Committee could not influence the final route map of the Subway Line 10, they would usher in a peak period of work after the route map was finalized.

Not to mention anything else, as long as the subway route map was announced, the real estate industry in Yan Jing would usher in a construction peak. At that time, large-scale construction would begin around the subway before the construction of the subway started. At that time, the Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development would not only coordinate the construction of the companies but also supervise and manage the construction safety of the major buildings. In short, in the next six months to one year, the Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development would be very busy.

Secretary Dong was a newly appointed official. Although he was not the first to start a fire, this was an important matter, and he was very concerned about it. After the meeting, he wanted to organize an internal mobilization meeting to brief the rest of the departments. He did not expect Wang Shaohua, a veteran investigator, to be absent from work and go to renovate his house. With Ma Bingliang adding fuel to the fire, Secretary Dong was furious.

He was not close to Wang Shaohua, and there was a huge gap between them. That's why other than being angry, he felt Wang Shaohua's incident happened at the right time. He was newly appointed and needed to make an example out of him. Also, the route map of the Subway Line 10 will be announced soon, and the entire Housing and Urban-Rural Development Committee will enter a high-pressure state. How can he ensure the morale and enthusiasm of the staff?

Encouragement was useless. Why not kill one to show them? Let them be afraid and make them work harder!

Ma Bingliang brought Wang Shaohua to Secretary Dong's office. When they entered, Secretary Dong questioned Wang Shaohua sternly. "Comrade Shaohua, I heard you are very busy recently."