Chapter 1568

"To see Li Mu?"

Cristiano Ronaldo froze for a moment.

On the field just now, all he could think about was Li Mu. He longed to be like Li Mu, who could influence the world, and he longed even more to be like Li Mu, to be the pride of a country's young people.

For the young Cristiano Ronaldo, Li Mu's deeds inspired him all the time and made him yearn to be the world's top football player.

Because of this, Cristiano Ronaldo suddenly learned from his agent, Jorge Mendes, that Li Mu wanted to see him. He was so excited that he could not speak clearly.

"Mr. Mendes, why does Li Mu want to see me?"

Jorge Mendes whispered, "I received news that the real new owner of the Manchester City Football Club is not the Goldberg family, but Li Mu. He is now in Manchester, and he is at the Manchester City Club's training base two kilometers away. He wants to see you. I guess he is interested in you and wants to recruit you to the Manchester City Club."

"Li Mu bought Manchester City?!"

Cristiano Ronaldo said dumbfounded, "How does he have the energy to do football?"

Jorge Mendes shrugged and said with a smile, "I don't know why he is interested in football. The total annual profit of the world's football market may not be as much as the annual profit of Makino Technology. So he is certainly not doing football to make money. Maybe he wants to experience a real-life version of Football Manager …"

With that, Jorge Mendes patted Cristiano Ronaldo on the shoulder and said, "If Li Mu really wants to get you to the Manchester City Club, you must not refuse."

Cristiano Ronaldo did not recover for a moment. After a long while, he blurted out, "Mr. Li really wants to sign me to Manchester City?"

Jorge Mendes said, "I think there is at least a 90% chance. Otherwise, why would he want to see you?

He must have a certain understanding of you and think you have potential. "

A silly smile appeared on Cristiano Ronaldo's face as he said, "I'm definitely willing to play in Li Mu's club. It's just that I just signed a contract with Manchester United. What should I do …"

Jorge Mendes waved his hand indifferently and said, "The contract is the easiest thing to solve. It is nothing more than the liquidated damages. In the contract we signed with Manchester United, your liquidated damages were 25 million pounds. I believe if Li Mu is really interested in you, he will be willing to pay the liquidated damages for you."

As the two men spoke, they had come to Jorge Mendes's car. This brand-new Mercedes Benz was changed by Jorge Mendes just last week to sell Cristiano Ronaldo to the Manchester City team, which made him a lot of money.

After getting into the car, Jorge Mendes started the car and said to Cristiano Ronaldo in the passenger seat, "The current strength level of the Manchester City team is indeed a bit worse than that of the Manchester United team. But I believe that since Li Mu bought the club, he will invest a lot of money and resources in it. So I believe that this season, next season at the latest, the strength of the Manchester City team will be greatly improved, and it is even likely to surpass Manchester United. And you have to know that the publicity resources behind Li Mu are too strong. If you become a player of the Li Mu club, I believe that Li Mu will make you famous all over the world in the shortest time."

Cristiano Ronaldo listened and nodded repeatedly. He had long yearned for it.

Everyone knew that Li Mu's publicity resources were unparalleled. No matter where he appeared, he would become the focus of the world. If he bought Manchester City, there was no doubt that Manchester City would soon become the focus of global attention. If he bought himself, he would also become the focus of global attention. Cristiano Ronaldo had not really experienced the feeling of being the focus of the world's attention, but he was already very familiar with that feeling in his heart, because he had dreamed countless times that he would become the object of the world's attention and become a football superstar pursued by the world.

The 18-year-old Cristiano Ronaldo had dreams and ambitions in his heart. At the same time, he also had the normal vanity that belonged to his age. He had once met his idol in the football field, who was also a Portuguese football superstar, Figo. At that time, he was so excited that he could not sleep well for three days. He also could not sleep well for three days after the meeting. If he could meet Li Mu, if he could have a conversation with Li Mu or even take a photo with him, it would be a great satisfaction for the young Cristiano Ronaldo.

As for whether the Manchester City team would have more development than Manchester United, Cristiano Ronaldo believed in Jorge Mendes' words. Li Mu's capital and resources were so strong that there was no reason why he could not support a Premier League club.

…

The two men arrived at the Manchester City team's training base in just a few minutes. The Manchester City staff had been waiting there for a long time. As soon as the two men arrived, they were immediately brought into the main building by the staff, and then went straight to the conference room where Li Mu was.

Li Mu sat in the large conference room with Li Ziwei, waiting for the future football superstar to appear.

In addition to him and Li Ziwei, the Manchester City Football Club's top brass and manager were also waiting in the conference room.

Everyone present was more aware of Cristiano Ronaldo's strength, so they were also looking forward to the next meeting, looking forward to Li Mu being able to introduce the young player who had just joined Manchester United to the Manchester City team.

Jorge Mendes and Cristiano Ronaldo were led to the door of the conference room by the staff.

The staff pushed the door open, and Jorge Mendes and Cristiano Ronaldo immediately saw Li Mu sitting directly opposite the door of the conference room.

The young Cristiano Ronaldo had an incredulous expression on his face. He covered his mouth and nose with both hands. Sitting opposite him was his biggest idol, and he actually saw him with his own eyes. For a moment, he could not accept this reality.

The astute and profiteering Jorge Mendes had already reacted. He then stepped into the conference room and said humbly, "Dear Mr. Li Mu, it's an honor to meet you!"

With that, Jorge Mendes walked in front of Li Mu and took the initiative to extend his hands.

Li Mu stood up, shook hands with Jorge Mendes, and said with a smile, "You must be Mr. Mendes?

I've heard a lot of people mention you. They say you're the best football agent in all of Europe. "

Jorge Mendes hurriedly said in a flattered manner, "I don't deserve such praise. I'm just one of countless ordinary agents. I'm not the best in Europe …"

Although Jorge Mendes felt that he was the best football agent in Europe, he still had to be humble to the end in front of Li Mu.

At this time, Cristiano Ronaldo also came in. He stood alone next to Jorge Mendes. He took a step forward, but quickly stepped back. For a moment, he did not know whether he should come forward and take the initiative to greet Li Mu.

Li Mu saw Cristiano Ronaldo's nervous look and said with a smile, "Cristiano, it's nice to meet you."

As he spoke, Li Mu had already extended his hand to him.

Cristiano Ronaldo hurriedly stepped forward and shook hands with Li Mu nervously. He said in a flustered tone, "Mr. Li, I'm so happy … Oh no, I'm so happy to see you …"

Because he had just arrived in England, Cristiano Ronaldo's English was not very good. When he was nervous, he made several grammatical mistakes with a simple sentence.

Li Mu smiled at him and nodded gently, saying, "Me-too, me too."

Subsequently, Li Mu invited the two men to sit down opposite him.

After Cristiano Ronaldo sat down, he still looked at a loss. The world-famous Li Mu, who almost dominated all the television screens in England this afternoon, was sitting less than two meters away from him at the moment. It was something he did not even dare to dream of.

Li Mu was used to talking in a domineering manner. In addition, he had always saved time in talking and acted quickly. So as soon as the two men sat down, he immediately went straight to the point and said, "Mr. Mendes, and Cristiano, the purpose of inviting you two here today is actually very simple. I have fully purchased the Manchester City Football Club. After today, this news will be officially announced to the outside world. I personally like football very much, and I very much hope to be able to build the Manchester City team into the world's top team.

"I admire Cristiano's playing skills and am very optimistic about Cristiano's room for development, so I sincerely hope that Cristiano can join the Manchester City Football Club. Mr. Mendes, you are Cristiano's agent. I wonder what you think of my proposal?"

Although Jorge Mendes had long guessed Li Mu's intention, when Li Mu really said this, he was still excited deep inside.

He said almost without thinking, "Mr. Li, out of consideration for Cristiano's future, I certainly hope that he can join Manchester City and become your player. Cristiano himself is also looking forward to it."

With that, Jorge Mendes glanced at Cristiano Ronaldo, who hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, I am very willing and eager to join the Manchester City Football Club and play for you and the club."

Li Mu nodded and said with a satisfied smile, "In this case, let's cut the nonsense and get straight to the point."

With that, Li Mu paused and said seriously, "First of all, I can promise to give Cristiano 1.5 times his current salary at Manchester United. Second, I am willing to sign a five-year agreement with Cristiano. In these five years, as long as he is not suspended due to injury, he must be the team's main lineup and main striker, and there are two salary transfer windows a year;"

"Second, I can promise to give Cristiano powerful media promotion resources to increase his exposure around the world;"

"Third, I will invest 100 million pounds in the team this season and no less than 100 million pounds in the next season for the development of the club, which also means that Cristiano will never be held back by his teammates in this team."

Cristiano Ronaldo listened with excitement. Li Mu's three points not only promised his salary and position in the team, but also promised his future publicity resources, and even promised a large sum of money to ensure the overall strength of the team. No matter from which aspect, these three points had been considered very thoroughly. This was more sincere than any other club, and this most sincere club owner was also the most powerful of all the football club owners in the world.

Jorge Mendes also put away his usual shrewd businessman appearance. If someone else wanted to poach Cristiano Ronaldo, he would certainly throw out various conditions and take the opportunity to win more benefits for himself. But now, he had no idea of taking the opportunity to extort Li Mu. On the contrary, he particularly hoped to be able to establish a close relationship with a top businessman like Li Mu through this cooperation.