Chapter 608

Apart from the award ceremony, it had been a long time since the Chinese pop music circle did the same thing together.

Even if it was an award ceremony, it was impossible to have such a strong appeal as Tieba. Most of the singers who attended the award ceremony were nominated, and the singers who were not nominated were basically too lazy to join in the fun. But Tieba was different. Tieba threw a very attractive olive branch to every singer. Almost all the singers who received the invitation refused. Even if some Heavenly Kings and Queens did not immediately participate in it, they all accepted their Tieba accounts and made it clear that they would come to their Tieba to interact with the stars when they had time.

The next night, the celebrity entry event on Tieba was about to begin. Most of the invited celebrities were waiting for the arrival of eight o 'clock. Once it was eight o' clock, their accounts would be automatically unblocked. Then, they would be able to post their first post on their own Tieba.

The product manager of Tieba specially designed a lot of privilege functions for the stars themselves. Not only did the star ID use gold font with a V logo, but even the posts of the stars would be highlighted in gold in the list. Moreover, the stars themselves had the authority beyond the bar owner in their own Tieba. They could delete any post at will, place any post at will, highlight any post at will, and set a ban on any Tieba user at will.

Star Tieba was originally a gathering place for fans. Users had extraordinary loyalty to the stars and the star's Tieba. Now that their idols had finally come, it was even more exciting and joyous for the users of Tieba. So many users kept refreshing the Tieba early, waiting for the arrival of their idols.

The event at eight o 'clock tonight was not a celebrity Q&A. The requirements of Makino Technology for the singers were also very simple. Everyone only needed to log in and say hello to their fans. As for whether or not to chat and how to chat, Makino Technology did not have clear requirements. Only when they entered the celebrity Q&A activity would they be more clear about the requirements. So the stars had also thought of their own way of greeting. As soon as it was eight o' clock, stars began to log in Tieba one after another.

Many diligent celebrities had made preparations in advance. Tieba still did not support the function of uploading videos, so many celebrities specially took photos with digital cameras. In order to show their support for Tieba, they also deliberately printed some short greetings on A4 paper, such as: "Hello, netizens of Tieba.", "Thank you to Tieba, thank you to Tieba.", and so on.

As a particularly popular female singer this year, Sun Yanzi, the Little Queen of Warner Records, logged into her Tieba account at the first time and posted her first post. The title of the post was: "Hello everyone, I'm Sun Yanzi. I'm here to report to everyone!"

The mischievous Sun Yanzi attached five photos she had just taken in the main body of the post. These five photos were taken by her family with a digital camera.

In the first photo, she was making a cute face and holding a cartoon handwriting board in her hand. On it was written, "Hello, friends of Tieba!"

In the second photo, Sun Yanzi raised the handwriting board above her head. The action was exaggerated and a little funny. This time, the words on the board were: "My name is Sun Yanzi, from Singapore (Singapore)."

In the third photo, she was sitting cross-legged on the ground with the handwriting board in front of her. On it was written, "Thank you for always being active on Sun Yanzi."

In the fourth photo, she was lying on the bed with her short hair unkempt. She was holding the writing board in one hand. "From today onwards, I will officially join you."

In the fifth photo, Sun Yanzi was holding her new album, "Start Anthology", which was released this year, in one hand and holding the writing board in the other. "I hope everyone will take care of me in the future!"

After the five photos were added in order, Sun Yanzi followed the instructions of the Tieba staff and chose the "Sticky Post" option. Then, she pressed the publish button.

At present, Sun Yanzi had already released four albums, which had very good sales in the mainland and Hong Kong and Taiwan. She was already quite famous in the mainland, and her Tieba had nearly hundreds of thousands of fans following her. The fans had seen her name in the publicity for the event, and also saw the banner advertisement in Sun Yanzi's Tieba that she was about to log in, so they kept refreshing the Tieba, waiting for her to appear. At 8: 05, the users who were refreshing the Sun Yanzi Tieba's Tieba suddenly found that at the top of the list of posts, there was a pinned title in gold font. The title said, "Hello everyone, I'm Sun Yanzi, reporting for duty!"

Then, they looked at the poster: Singer Sun Yanzi. The fans immediately confirmed that this was the post that Sun Yanzi herself posted. Therefore, they immediately clicked on it.

Sun Yanzi was one of the more attentive celebrities. After the fans clicked on the post, the first thing that came into view was her first photo. The writing board in her photo also wrote greetings to the fans in the Tieba, so she immediately captured the hearts of the fans.

The fans excitedly and excitedly continued to browse, only to find that there were even photos of Sun Yanzi herself. Two, three, four, five …

Seeing the five latest photos of their idol in a row, and also seeing the five sentences that their idol wrote for them, the fans' hearts naturally couldn't be warmer, so they immediately rushed to leave a comment below.

Less than a minute after Sun Yanzi posted the post, the Tieba's prompt began to flash continuously. When they clicked on it, in the blink of an eye, there were more than 450 replies!

"Oh my god!"

Sun Yanzi, who was in front of the computer, exclaimed, and then immediately turned around to call her family, "Dad, Mom, Sister, Xiao Mei, come and see!"

The whole family hurriedly ran over and surrounded the computer, asking, "What's wrong?"

Sun Yanzi said excitedly, "I posted a post in my Tieba, and there were more than 450 replies in a minute!"

"Oh my god!" Sun Yanzi's father said in surprise, "So many people replied?

This is too exaggerated! "

Sun Yanzi nodded, "I can't believe it either."

As she said that, she refreshed the page. In this short period of time, there were more than 3,500 replies to her post, and the data skyrocketed again.

This number suddenly shocked the whole family. Although they didn't know much about the Tieba, more than 3,000 replies in two to three minutes, what concept was this?

At least it proved that there were thousands of people waiting in the Tieba to pay attention to Sun Yanzi's movements.

Sun Yanzi's eyes widened, and she refreshed the page again in disbelief. The latest data shocked her again: 5,200 replies!

At this moment, there were more than 20,000 online users watching Sun Yanzi's Tieba. Because the traffic at 8 o 'clock was a bit too much, the server was crowded, so there were still many people who didn't reply.

Sun Yanzi roughly looked at the fans' replies to her. Almost everyone was greeting her, and at the same time, they didn't forget to praise her beautiful photos. There were also people asking when she would release a new song, a new album, or when she would hold a concert in the mainland.

Sun Yanzi's sister saw so many different IDs competing to express their support for her sister, and she said in surprise, "The popularity of the Tieba is so high, I think this Tieba really needs to be managed well. Yanzi, if you don't have time, I will help you manage it in the future. If you can manage the Tieba to have tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of loyal fans, I think you will soon be able to sing in the mainland!"

Sun Yanzi's father also said in agreement, "Hua Xia has more than a billion people in the mainland, and the market is indeed very big. Just this Tieba alone shows that you can see the whole picture. You must pay attention to it, it will be very beneficial for your future development."

Sun Yanzi squeezed her eyebrows at her father, "I know, dad, I am already paying attention to it!"

For the fans of Sun Yanzi's Tieba, they had been in the Tieba for more than half a year, but they never expected to meet Sun Yanzi here. Now that Sun Yanzi suddenly appeared, it was indeed beyond their imagination for the fans.

The same thing happened not only in Sun Yanzi's Tieba, but also in hundreds of singers' Tieba at the same time, including Zhou Jielun, who would become popular in the Chinese circle in the future. At this moment, he was sitting in front of the computer and saying to his fans, "Hey, everyone, you must pay attention to my next album, which will be released in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the mainland at the same time in late July. Let me tell you a secret, this album is super awesome!"

Mo Wenwei had just gathered a large number of new fans, so at this moment, she was also very engrossed in interacting with her fans in the Tieba. Not only did she upload a lot of new photos of her life, but she also replied to some netizens and chatted with them about songs, movies, cities in the mainland that she had been to, and even about her views on choosing a spouse. In short, she was completely amiable without any airs, which made Mo Wenwei's fans in the Tieba particularly happy.

Zhang Guorong, a veteran in the pop music circle, also chatted with his fans in the Tieba. The fans in the mainland were not as gossipy as the fans in Hong Kong. Almost none of them mentioned his sexual orientation, and even if they did, they were relatively friendly. Most of them were concerned about his current situation, because he had not released a new movie or album for a long time, and many fans replied to his post to express their expectations.

Zhang Guorong did not have many opportunities to contact his fans in the mainland before. Today, after a simple communication with his fans through the Tieba for the first time, he had a very good impression of his fans in the mainland. He was even full of expectations for his next trip to the mainland. He was also in a good mood.

At present, Liu Dehua, one of the Heavenly Kings, had gathered nearly a million netizens in the Tieba. Liu Dehua really did not have too much time to communicate with everyone, so he just posted a post. First, he greeted his fans in the Tieba, and then he promoted his new album that was about to be released. He did not forget to note that there was a new main love song in the new album, called "Practice", and he hoped that everyone would pay more attention to the new album after it was released. In addition, he also said that he was going to the mainland to participate in a movie, but the name of the movie was temporarily kept a secret.

At this time, the domestic Internet had become the world of the Tieba. Tieba had attracted a large number of users' attention, so during this period, the traffic of all the websites and games on the Internet had sharply decreased. Tieba had been online for a long time, and tonight it really showed its amazing strength to the whole industry.