Chapter 1781

Lu Yunhao was on the verge of collapsing from Li Mu's teasing.

He was one of the users who received the pop-up notification. When he saw that Li Mu had increased the discount again, he was so angry that he jumped up and started cursing.

"What does this mean? What does this mean?

What does Li Mu mean by this?

Is he shameless?

Does he not want money anymore?

With such a big discount, how much will he lose in a day! "

Lu Yunhao thought that his Jianghu aura was quite weak, but he did not expect that in front of Li Mu, his little tricks were simply played by him until he could not get up.

He really could not understand Li Mu's encirclement and interception. It was like playing Gomoku. He played one piece, and Li Mu wished that he could play ten pieces. Li Mu would not even give him the chance to play two pieces in a row, let alone five pieces in a row.

Previously, he thought that he had avoided the main battlefield of Hungry Man and ran from Beijing to Shanghai to develop his business. However, he did not expect that Li Mu would immediately chase after him and set up a large force to fight against him.

Now, it was obvious that Li Mu was in a life-and-death situation.

Lu Yunhao's Bull Takeout had been preparing for so long in order to quickly accumulate tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of users. But now, he could not even guarantee a few hundred users in a day.

Last night, they worked overnight to make the new materials, but they were wasted by Li Mu before they could be put to use today.

Zheng Chao received a call and reported to him, "Director Lu, it seems that Li Mu only gave the new discount to the users within our coverage area."

"What do you mean?"

Zheng Chao said, "In other words, he doesn't need to lower the price for all the users in Shanghai. He only needs to lower the price for the users within our coverage area."

Lu Yunhao finally understood that Li Mu could actually do such a precise pop-up window.

He said in despair, "Then, aren't we finished?

As long as we give them a discount, Li Mu will give us more than us. He's completely suppressing us. "

Zheng Chao said, "Looking at it now, Li Mu's strategy is to suppress us. We have no other choice but to compete with him on price and discounts."

"I can't beat him. The key is," Lu Yunhao said, "I can't possibly come up with a discount of nine yuan for every ten yuan, right?

Aren't we going to lose our money? "

Zheng Chao said, "Mr. Lu, we don't even have the chance to pay up now. The users can't come in, so we can only wait for death."

Lu Yunhao instantly understood.

Yeah, it looked like he was going to lose a few dollars per order, but damn it, there were no orders at all. He couldn't lose even if he wanted to.

Since that was the case, what was there to be concerned about?

Continue to increase the ratio until you can make a loss.

Because only when the users come in would he lose money. If he didn't lose money, it meant that there would be no users. If a platform had no users, wouldn't it be the same as a dead end?

Actually, Lu Yunhao really wasn't a qualified entrepreneur. At the very least, he wasn't a qualified entrepreneur in the technology field.

First of all, he didn't have a good higher education.

Second of all, he didn't have enough professional nurturing.

Third of all, he didn't have the logic of the Internet and technology entrepreneurship.

Other than bluffing, feelings, and ingenuity, he also relied on his own wishful thinking.

He felt that if he developed the "notebook" function of a phone to the extreme, to the point where everyone applauded it, the phone could sell a lot of units and even become popular on the Internet.

However, people who really understood hardware, software, and manufacturing knew very well that whether a phone could sell well or not, hardware, software, design, craftsmanship, and price were all key factors.

Do you really think that you can sell a steering wheel with crocodile skin and put it on a Xiali at the price of Benz?

How is that possible, buddy?

Are you crazy, or is the person who bought the car crazy?

For a person like him, if he didn't change his way of thinking and didn't calm down to really accumulate useful knowledge, no matter what technology he made, he wouldn't be successful.

However, such a person also had his own place. If he gave up on the technology entrepreneurship and became a WeChat merchant, he should still be able to achieve some results.

Now, Lu Yunhao didn't even realize that he was being pulled into a bottomless quagmire by Li Mu. Moreover, until now, he hadn't really fallen into it. Li Mu was still waiting for him to continue to sink deeper and deeper.

Lu Yunhao only thought now. I need users. I need to lose money. Only then can I really gain a foothold.

Therefore, he immediately further adjusted his subsidy strategy and continued to increase the subsidy and cashback.

Now, if a new user registered on his platform and bought a ten-yuan takeout order, he could use the subsidy and cashback to realize that it would only cost him two yuan in the end.

The next day, when Lu Yunhao's team published the updated promotional materials, Li Mu didn't use the previous method of lowering the price even lower than him. Instead, he directly called the person in charge of Hungry Mike and told him that from now on, within the coverage of Lu Yunhao's Cow Takeout, they would be one yuan more expensive than him.

The people below were a little worried and said, "Li Zong, didn't you want to fully suppress them previously?

If we stop now, Lu Yunhao's number of users will definitely usher in a breakthrough … "

Li Mu said, "It's good to suppress them with firepower, but you can't suppress them to the point where they can't even fire a shot. I was waiting for a price that was even more disadvantageous to Lu Yunhao. Now that I've waited for this price, let Lu Yunhao fire a few shots."

If Li Mu had maintained the same stance as Lu Yunhao when he lost three yuan per order, it wouldn't have been enough for Lu Yunhao to feel the pinch.

Now, with the subsidy and cost, he would lose at least a dozen yuan. This was enough to make Lu Yunhao feel the pinch.

Under such circumstances, Lu Yunhao's company account was like a rice bag with a hole in it. The rice was flowing out, and it depended on how long his money could last.

If Lu Yunhao couldn't hold on and wanted to reduce the subsidy, then the users would be like a flash in the pan to him. They would immediately rush back to Hungry Mike.

If he had to hold on, then it would depend on how patient the people behind him were.

Li Mu could lose millions or even tens of millions in a day in Zhonghai. If the people on Wall Street behind him could also afford to lose money, then everyone could lose money together.

Anyway, in the end, his own money would be used to subsidize the users in China, and the Americans' money would also be used to subsidize the users in China.

If Li Mu lost two hundred million in the end, this two hundred million would be earned by the restaurants in China, by the riders, by the scooter factory, and at the same time, by the ordinary people who ordered food in China.

Similarly, if the big shots on Wall Street also lost two hundred million in Hua Xia, this money would still go into the pockets of the restaurants, riders, and users in China.

Therefore, from this point of view, the people on Wall Street would still be the ones losing money. As long as they were willing to lose money, Li Mu was also willing to lose money, even if it was ten billion.

The key was that he understood in his heart that the big shots on Wall Street would be thanking the gods if they dared to lose a billion. This kind of deep war was actually what they were most afraid of.

On this day, Lu Yunhao could finally hold his head high.

Because the discount was indeed very generous, and it was one yuan cheaper than Hungry Mike, his number of users increased greatly.

Soon, the number of users broke through one thousand, broke through fifty million, and broke through ten thousand.

Then, some users ordered many orders a day. It was estimated that one person ordered a whole family's meals. The more orders they ordered, the more money they saved, and the more Niuniu Takeout lost.

The most skilled user took away more than a hundred yuan of subsidies from Niuniu Takeout in one day.

Including the company's operations, riders, and all kinds of subsidies, Niuniu Takeout lost almost a million a day. Lu Yunhao did not feel bad. Instead, he felt that he had finally vented his anger.

Didn't you, Li Mu, surround me in all kinds of ways?

Now, didn't you let me out?

At this time, Lu Yunhao's happiness did not last long. Big trouble came.

There were not enough riders.

The delivery capacity had reached a bottleneck.

The original promise was half an hour, but now there were so many riders that it could not deliver so many orders.

At the same time, the system was still accepting orders.

The average delivery time for each order went from the promised half an hour to more than an hour.

More than an hour had passed, and the delivery time was still getting longer.

Users called all kinds of complaints. Soon, even the customer service number could not get through because they only had five customer service staff …

In the end, the customer had no choice but to wait for more than an hour. Who asked him to take advantage of the situation? Two people could get two sets of rice with meat and vegetables for a total of two yuan. Why would he still need a bike?

It was not easy for Niuniu Takeout's riders. The range of the electric scooter was very poor, and the number of orders was frightening. Now, they had to change the battery after a dozen orders. It was so frustrating.

The mobile battery charging station could not supply them either.

It took them more than eight hours to charge a lead-acid battery, but it took less than an hour to empty a lead-acid battery.

There was no fast charging technology for lead-acid batteries. They could only plug it in and wait for it to be charged slowly. Therefore, by night time, half of the riders had run out of battery.

Without battery, it meant that the delivery of orders was completely paralyzed.

They were done for.

During the peak of the dinner hour, more than half of the electric scooters were dead. The riders could not run anymore and did not dare to accept orders. However, the system was still automatically sending orders to the restaurant.

The restaurant did not care whether the riders could deliver the food or not. As long as there was an order, it would immediately accept the order and wait for the riders to pick up the food.

To this group of customers who wanted to earn money from Niuniu Takeout, they could accept a meal waiting for an hour and a half. However, they could not accept the result of not having a meal.

Lu Yunhao was so worried. He had calculated everything, but he did not expect this.

When they could not receive orders previously, the transportation capacity was very redundant. There were hundreds of riders, and each person could not even receive one order in a day.

Now, when they could receive orders, the transportation capacity was suddenly overdrawn. In the time it took for a meal, there would be ten to twenty thousand orders. There were three to four hundred people, and they had to deliver ten to twenty thousand orders. There were more than a hundred orders per person, and they were all concentrated in this one hour period. It was impossible to run all the way.

Moreover, more than half of the electric scooters were dead …

Lu Yunhao was so anxious that he was sweating profusely. He paced back and forth in the office and waved his hands. "Aiya, aiya, how could I forget about this …"

At this moment, Zheng Chao ran over and said, "Boss Lu, Hungry Man has suspended the subsidy!"

"What?"

Lu Yunhao's eyes widened. "These bastards are too cunning. Seeing that our delivery is paralyzed, they suspended the subsidy?!

They are bullying us! "