Chapter 432

Twenty minutes later, 2.6 million registered users.

Li Mu could not believe it himself.

He did not doubt his advertising ability. Perhaps within these twenty minutes, at least five million users across the country would have received the relevant advertising from YY. However, he did not expect such a strong conversion rate. 2.6 million users. Others would need half a year or more to operate, but he had achieved it in twenty minutes.

There were many important steps for an internet product, but downloading and registration were definitely the two most important steps. Within twenty minutes, more than two million people had downloaded and registered for YY. This conversion rate was simply amazing.

Moreover, there was something even more amazing to come.

That night, YY had completely ignited a new chat mode for domestic internet users. Everyone could create a group that could support up to five hundred people. The group was equivalent to an unprecedented private, customized chat room. You could choose your own name, members, and administrators. You could also make announcements to all the users in the group. You could also chat as you pleased. All chat records would be saved locally. It did not matter if you were not online. All the group messages would be saved in the server and would appear in front of the users as soon as they went online.

Gamers, classmates, colleagues, relatives, and friends, as well as netizens who had the same hobbies. Everyone's group chat was immediately stimulated. In an instant, hundreds of thousands of different groups were born, and the influence was instantly explosive.

More and more netizens downloaded, registered, and logged into YY. Although almost all of them had a QQ account and were old QQ users, when faced with a new product like YY that surpassed QQ in every aspect, their transition was smooth to the extreme.

If QQ was an indispensable staple food in the daily diet of users, then YY not only brought staple food, but also cold dishes, hot dishes, soup, and desserts. Who would not be able to adapt to such an overload?

The only people who could not adapt to it were those in the internet industry.

Internet companies, including Teng Xun, had already clocked out at this time. Only a small number of technical maintenance staff and customer service staff were on night duty. Customer service work was relatively idle at night. Under normal circumstances, they would be casually surfing the internet. Some people would also secretly play Happy Farm during work breaks.

The two customer service girls saw the related push of YY on Happy Farm. In order to exchange for Happy Farm's props and gifts, they downloaded and registered their YY accounts. At the same time, they were bound to their Tieba ID. After the binding, the two girls, like other YY users, were surprised to find that almost all their contacts had been automatically migrated to YY. Amidst the surprise, one of them realized that this YY seemed to be very similar to their own QQ. Moreover, it was done much better than their own QQ. This should be a strong competitor to their own product, right?

Therefore, the customer service girl contacted a technician who was working overtime on QQ and sent him the download link of YY along with a string of text. "Brother Hui, take a look at this. This is a new product from Makino Technology."

The customer service department had a lot of contact with the people in the technical department. Many users called to inquire about problems, and in the end, the customer service had to solve it through technology. Therefore, they were very familiar with each other.

The full name of the technician who was called Brother Hui was Chen Hui. He was the person in charge of a team in the QQ maintenance department. He led a team of six people and two other teams to take turns to do the daily maintenance of QQ. Today, their team happened to be on night duty. Everyone was diligently monitoring the backend data, reports, and server situation. No one was distracted to play games. Therefore, they knew nothing about the actions of Makino Technology.

Seeing the message sent by the customer service girl, Chen Hui curiously clicked on the link. At the same time, he said to the colleague who was on duty beside him, "Hey, Makino Technology has released a new product."

A colleague asked without raising his head while typing the code, "Really?

Could it be that Happy Farm has been upgraded again?

Let's try it after work. "

At this time, Chen Hui had already opened the link and found that it was the download interface of YY. He said curiously and surprisingly, "Oh, this time, Makino Technology has released a client!"

"Really?"

A few members of the team gathered around and asked curiously, "Makino Technology has also released a client. What client is it?"

"I don't know."

Chen Hui shook his head. From this download page, he could see that the software was called YY. Other than that, he could not see anything else. This was also because this page was only a download address. All the promotional content had been completed by other media, and then the users were guided to download here. Therefore, there was no text description on the download interface of YY.

One of the technicians said, "Download and install it. Why don't we take a look?"

Chen Hui hesitated for a moment, then shook his head and said, "Forget it. We'll study it after work. Focus on work."

When the other technicians heard this, they did not say anything else. They returned to their seats and continued working.

Ten minutes passed. The customer service girl was already shocked by the various functions of YY. As an ordinary user, she could feel that YY was countless times better than her own QQ in terms of interface design, operation experience, practical functions, and so on. After using YY for more than ten minutes, she did not want to use QQ anymore.

The other customer service girl who downloaded YY with her was the same. The two of them were especially defenseless against the cute YY show. Although the YY pet was only a pet egg, looking at its cartoon interface, pet image, and introduction, it was extremely cute. She just wanted to hatch the pet egg as soon as possible and see what kind of pet she was raising.

The more she played, the more excited she became. She could not help but say to Chen Hui on QQ, "Brother Hui, have you tried YY?

I think it's much more powerful than our QQ! "

Chen Hui replied curiously, "What is that YY?"

The customer service girl said, "It's a communication software similar to our QQ, but it has a lot more functions than our QQ!"

When Chen Hui saw this, he blurted out, "* * * * *!"

When the people next to him heard him exclaim, they could not help but ask, "What's wrong, boss?"

Chen Hui impatiently opened the download address and clicked to download YY. At the same time, he said to the technicians beside him, "Makino Technology seems to be making instant messaging software!"

"What?!" Everyone was shocked.

Their own company chased after Makino Technology and plagiarized two of their products. Now they were going to plagiarize their own products?

Was this Makino Technology's revenge?

Chen Hui said, "I'll download it and see what this YY is."

A moment later, the YY installation program had been downloaded. Chen Hui hurriedly clicked to install it. After the program was installed, he immediately chose to open YY. However, just the login interface of YY was enough to make him feel a huge gap.

The current QQ did not have any UI elements. From the login interface to the software's main interface to the dialog box, it was all the same. It had a dark blue border, light gray buttons, and a light blue background. It was as ugly as one could imagine. However, the point was that no one thought it was ugly. After all, it was a software that was less than 3MB. How exquisite could it be?

However, when they saw the login interface of YY, everyone was surprised to find that YY's UI design was simply a stroke of genius. Although it was also a square login interface, YY never made the edges and corners straight and absolute. The edges and corners had a certain softness and shading, which made the entire software interface more three-dimensional. Moreover, the login interface had a faint rippling feeling. It was simple and elegant. It was completely the feeling of software after 2010. It was indeed very advanced in the current era.

Chen Hui had played Happy Farm before. After completing the registration and logging in, YY immediately popped up a notification that it was bound to the Tieba ID. When Chen Hui saw this notification, his heart skipped a beat. He seemed to have captured the true intentions and ambitions of Makino Technology. However, he did not know how to describe it at the moment. He could not grasp the gist of it.

Chen Hui had also played Happy Farm before. Moreover, because many of his friends in real life also played it, he would now take some time out every day to play it. He wanted to see how his friends were developing, what good things they were selling, and at the same time, he would do some missions to sell some of his farm's products.

Seeing that YY prompted him to bind his Tieba ID, Chen Hui did not think too much about it. He entered his Tieba ID's account password and tapped the enter key lightly. A moment later, everyone present could not help but suck in a breath of cold air.

"Hiss … This … This is simply … This is simply too f * cking awesome!"

A team member behind him exclaimed, "After binding, all your friends from Tieba and Happy Farm are instantly migrated in. This is simply not giving users any chance to hesitate!"

Chen Hui was also dumbfounded. He cursed, "F * ck, this is simply shameless!

It turned out that this was their wishful thinking all along!

No wonder!

No wonder they are trying so hard to promote Happy Farm, trying so hard to induce players to add more friends and invite more friends. It turns out that they have been planning this all along! "

Seeing that Chen Hui's number of friends on YY had instantly reached 287, a team member beside him could not help but ask, "Boss, how many friends do you have on QQ?"

Chen Hui hotpressed QQ and looked at it. Once again, he was shocked by the situation in front of him. He actually only had 76 friends on QQ!

It was not even a fraction of the number on YY!

At this moment, a young lad with sharp eyes pointed at the YY interface and said, "Aiya, look at the number of your YY friends online!"

Chen Hui took a look. The YY friend list showed that his number of friends was. In other words, not counting the invisibility, he had 93 friends online. When he looked at QQ, there were 27 …

At this moment, the small icon at the bottom suddenly flashed with a strange icon. This icon had a logo in the shape of three human heads. Puzzled, Chen Hui clicked on it. Instantly, a floating notification popped up in front of his eyes: "Thirty Thousand Miles Sad has invited you to join the 1994 Computer Science Class 5 Student Group at Harbin Institute of Technology."

There were already 23 people in the group at this time, and most of them were online. Not only that, but they had also changed their contacts to their own names. Now, they were chatting enthusiastically in the group. Chen Hui knew everyone's name. Although nearly half of them were not his QQ friends, nor were they his YY friends, because someone had created such a group, everyone added a few people here and there. Gradually, the number of people in the group expanded to 23.

A person named Chen Xiandong sent a message, "Everyone, hurry up and invite all the classmates you can contact!

There are a total of 52 people in our class. Try to invite all of them! "

The people who were online in the group responded one after another. Someone even mentioned himself in the group and said, "Chen Hui, you're obviously online, but you didn't say anything when you came in. Hurry up and change your contact!"

Chen Hui looked at his name. Zhang Long, his roommate in university. Back then, their relationship was quite good. However, after graduation, he chose to go south while Zhang Long stayed in the northeast to sign a contract with a state-owned enterprise. Their relationship slowly faded. However, when he suddenly said this to him in the group, Chen Hui was quite touched. There were so many familiar people here. They were all his classmates for four years in university. That feeling of warmth and nostalgia instantly greeted his heart.

Chen Hui hurriedly changed his contact and said at the same time, "Hello everyone!"

A person named Hu Zichen said, "Aiya, Chen Hui is here. You still remember me!"

Chen Hui typed, "I remember, Zichen. When I was in school, I troubled you a lot for my English exams."

Hu Zichen sent a smiling emoji and said, "At least you have a conscience. Oh right, do you know who I'm working with now?"

Chen Hui asked curiously, "With who?"

Hu Zichen said, "Zhang Yao!

The girlfriend you dated in university! "

Zhang Yao …

When this name appeared in front of him, Chen Hui's heart skipped a beat. She was his first love. From the second semester of university all the way to the third year, they dated for nearly three years. Later, because she had an ambiguous relationship with a man from the same hometown, he was dissatisfied and broke up with her after a few big arguments. Even now, he would often think of Zhang Yao and miss her endlessly. Sometimes, he would blame himself. Back then, he did not really realize that there was anything substantial going on between her and her hometown friend. It was only because of jealousy that he was a little too paranoid. That was why he slowly tormented their relationship to the end.

When Hu Zichen saw that Chen Hui didn't say anything, she couldn't help but say, "Zhang Yao often mentions you. Every time she talks about you, she says that it's a pity back then. If she didn't hold a grudge against you, the two of you might not have broken up."

Someone interrupted and teased, "Aiya, speaking of that Zhang Yao, I do remember her. She's really not bad looking!"

This sentence suddenly made Chen Hui's heart ache. He could not help but tap on the keyboard and ask, "How is she doing now?"

At that moment, Hu Zichen replied to the other people in the group chat, "She's doing pretty well. We're in the same company, after all. She earns more than me and is now the backbone of the company."

After saying that, Hu Zichen added, "Oh right, she has been single since graduation. Many people have chased after her, but her heart has never been moved. I think she still has you in her heart. Two days ago, when we were eating together and talking about you, she even sighed and felt bad when she talked about your past."