Chapter 1461

Although Li Mu was an Internet person through and through, he carried out the settlement principle of the supply and demand side of the real economy to the fullest.

When buying things, Li Mu wanted to settle the accounts later; when selling things, Li Mu wanted to collect the money first. In short, since he was in an absolutely dominant position, he instinctively wanted to fight for more advantages and convenient conditions for himself.

Apple's senior management was also very clear about this. They also did the same thing when the iPod was at its peak. They let the OEM factory produce the product first and then settle the settlement, and let the distributors pay first and then receive the goods. This reduced their risk and financial pressure.

Now, Li Mu asked Apple's senior management to sign the agreement first, and delayed payment was the same.

Apple's senior management could easily figure out Li Mu's operation process. Apple's stock price was bound to collapse tomorrow. Li Mu would first temporarily get the shares from Apple's shareholders, then he could pass the privatization resolution with more than 66.6% of the votes. Then, he would apply to Nasdaq to privatize Apple at a price of $3.50.

Nasdaq had a high probability of agreeing to Li Mu's Grandet privatization plan. At that time, as long as Nasdaq agreed, all outstanding shares would immediately be forced to buy back, and the privatization would be completely settled.

However, in order to be as safe as possible, Li Mu wanted to buy the shares of Apple's shareholders before the payment was made.

Apple's shareholders quickly came to a unanimous decision. In their opinion, Li Mu was kind enough not to take the opportunity to attack them. Although there might be a certain delay in the payment, at least Li Mu did not make any changes to the previously negotiated price.

Therefore, Tim Cook led the team to Makino Technology in the twilight.

There were representatives of Apple's major shareholders, lawyers for shareholders who were not present, and core team members with options. There were more than 20 people in total. They hurried to Makino Technology. The two companies were not far from each other. In less than an hour, Tim Cook and his team sat in the conference room of Makino Technology.

The Apple team had two completely different situations. The core team members, led by Tim Cook, came to Makino Technology not only to sign the sale of their shares, but also to prepare for their future employment at Makino Technology. As for the shareholders who did not usually participate in the actual operation of the company, they just wanted to sign the confirmation quickly, wait for their money, and completely cut all ties with Apple.

Li Mu had been working with the team since early in the morning, and he was a little tired. When Tim Cook and his team arrived at the company, he was taking a break on the sofa in his office.

After making the Apple team wait for 20 minutes, Li Mu, who was a little tired, came to the conference room to meet with the team.

As soon as Li Mu entered the door, more than 20 members of the Apple team stood up and said in unison, "Hello, Li Zong."

Every one of the more than 20 people in the Apple team was older than Li Mu, but every one of them could not help but look a little awed.

The capital market never looked at age and qualifications. It looked at the absolute value of assets and resources. With Li Mu's current capital and resources, even if Li Jiacheng was a few decades older than him, he would still be inferior to him, let alone the "defeated" Apple.

However, Li Mu did not put on airs. He nodded and smiled politely to everyone, then said, "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. Today was really a little stressful, so I rested in the office for a while."

Tim Cook quickly said, "Li Zong, your counterattack today was perfect, impeccable."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's just a little simple and rough. It's not perfect."

After that, Li Mu said, "It's a little late today, so let's get to the point."

Tim Cook hurriedly nodded and said, "Go ahead."

Li Mu said, "I've already asked the legal department to prepare a new contract template. Compared with the framework agreement we set before, only a series of clauses have been modified. You can take a look first. If there are no problems, we can complete the contract process now."

The two sides had already communicated and reached a consensus on the details of the contract. The modifications were only some independent items, and with the presence of lawyers, the confirmation of such changes was very fast.

The Apple team naturally had no objection to Li Mu's request to sign the contract now. The law firm that Makino Technology cooperated with in the United States sent a team of lawyers to Makino Technology. They quickly came to the conference room with the revised contract and handed it to each member of the Apple team.

Apple had a lot of shareholders. In addition to a lot of small and large shareholders, there were more than a hundred team members who had options in Apple. Naturally, it was impossible to sign the contract one by one. Therefore, most of the small shareholders and team members who had options signed a concerted action agreement with some of the shareholders present. In this way, the people present today had covered all of Apple's non-tradable shares. The total number of voting rights was also the same. If Apple had used a two-tier equity structure, using the strategy of different rights for the same shares, the ratio of voting rights could have reached 100%. However, for Li Mu, there was no difference between voting rights and 100% of voting rights.

After the contract was taken out, the other party's lawyer began to conduct a routine review. Because there were few changes, the review was very fast. After ten minutes, the legal representative of Apple approved the overall content of the contract.

Tim Cook breathed a sigh of relief and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, we have no objection to the contract. We can sign it now."

Li Mu nodded and made a gesture of invitation. He said, "Then please sign it as soon as possible. Let's hurry up and move on to the next round."

Tim Cook and the other team members looked at each other. Everyone picked up the pens on the table and signed their names on the contract.

As the representative of Makino Technology, Li Mu also signed on each contract. Then, he exchanged with each of the signatories. All the contracts were exchanged. Makino Technology had temporarily owned the shares for two months.

Strictly speaking, Apple had now completed the change of ownership. It had become Li Mu's Apple. The only prerequisite was that Li Mu did not regret it. Therefore, in Li Mu's view, there would be no more changes to this matter.

After the signing was completed, Li Mu first shook hands with the shareholders of Apple and thanked them politely. This meant that they basically had nothing to do with Apple anymore. This kind of handshake was equivalent to the routine work after the handover of power.

Then, Li Mu shook hands with the members of the Apple team one by one. A considerable number of them would become Li Mu's future employees, so Li Mu's attitude was particularly warm.

Li Mu arranged Tim Cook to be the last to shake hands. When shaking hands with Tim Cook, Li Mu said to him, "Tim, I hope you can officially join Makino Technology as soon as possible!"

After that, Li Mu added very solemnly, "As soon as possible!"

As soon as possible!

The sooner, the better!

Li Mu's words moved Tim Cook. He never thought that Li Mu would value him very much, but Li Mu's attitude at the moment showed without reservation that he really valued Tim Cook and couldn't wait to join Makino Technology.

Therefore, Tim Cook also said very seriously, "Li Zong, the members of the Apple team and I also very much hope to join Makino Technology as soon as possible!"

Li Mu nodded. "I will complete the privatization of Apple as soon as possible. At that time, you can help me with the big integration after the privatization."

Acquiring a company like Apple would require a huge amount of work to completely integrate. The easiest part of the acquisition between companies was that there was no conflict between the businesses. The most troublesome part was that the businesses would penetrate each other. Once there was mutual penetration, the two sides would have to independently weigh and formulate a comprehensive integration plan. This included the teams, resources, products, direction, and even future strategies of both sides.

For example, if Alibaba acquired OFO, Alibaba only needed to bring OFO in and give it a hosting platform and a user entrance. It would not be very troublesome overall. However, if Alibaba acquired JD.com, the integration after the acquisition would be a huge project.

If Makino Technology acquired Apple, it would not be difficult for Li Mu to integrate the Mac business. Makino Technology did not have this business. After bringing it in, he could directly supply it with blood. However, the iPod business had to be completely integrated into Mango's business. This involved integrating all the iPod resources into the Mango team. At the same time, he had to extract the essence and get rid of the dross. This was the only way for Mango to have a better development.

Other than that, Apple had a lot of resources in the hardware and software fields. These resources had to be categorized and then transferred to different products and departments of Makino Technology, and even to other industries outside of Makino Technology, such as Shenzhou. In the future, whether Shenzhou would have to integrate resources with Apple's Mac to a certain extent, these were all issues that had to be considered in depth.

Tim Cook naturally knew the complexity behind this. He immediately nodded and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, don't worry. My team and I will definitely do our best!"

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction. Then, he said to Lin Ching-ah, "Qing Ya, tomorrow, hold a meeting to discuss whether Apple should go private. Arrange for a lawyer to be present."

Louis Martin knew that Li Mu wanted to make an internal decision first, so he smiled and said, "Li Zong, all the shareholders of Makino Technology have already signed a Concerted Action Agreement with you. You actually have 100% of Makino Technology's voting rights. Now that Makino Technology has Apple's shares, it means that you also have Apple's voting rights. You can totally make the decision to privatize Apple on your own, and it will be completely in line with the requirements of the law."

Li Mu suddenly realized that he was now the controlling shareholder, and his shares and voting rights were more than 66.6%. He could make decisions on behalf of Apple.