Chapter 760

At this moment, Boss Ma was watching Li Mu's interview with an ashen face. To be honest, he did not want to see Li Mu arrogantly reaping the faith of the entire country.

However, Le Tao had already made all the preparations before going online. He knew that he did not manage to ambush Li Mu in the logistics battle, so he had to let Le Tao compete with Li Mu on the battlefield. Therefore, he had to analyze what Li Mu said in front of the television, what information he revealed, what signals he released, and then evaluate the social impact of his interview.

Since Le Tao had completed his preparations, it was impossible for him to rot in the dock. The key was to see when he would go into the water. If he went into the water too early, he might sink; if he went into the water too late, he might not even be able to break through the first island chain, let alone the sea of stars.

After watching the opening of "Face to Face," Boss Ma had the same opinion as Zhao Xianliang. Central TV was really Li Mu's biological mother, putting in all kinds of effort to raise the stage for Li Mu.

Li Mu was also good at pretending. His speech and mannerisms were relaxed and natural. He was humble and low-key, but at the same time, he exuded a domineering aura that was completely different from his slightly immature face. Although Boss Ma was extremely unwilling to accept it, he had to admit that Li Mu would definitely become a national idol after this interview. His personal halo was too dazzling.

Boss Ma was originally just lamenting the strength of his opponent, but he did not expect that in the blink of an eye, Li Mu would set him up again.

The incident of his company's three express delivery companies deliberately dragging Taobao down, trying to use this opportunity to destroy Taobao's brand day had long been exposed by Liu Xiaodong on television. Now that the three express delivery companies were under investigation, he did not know how to deal with it. In the end, Li Mu personally stabbed him in the back on television today.

Li Mu's stab was more ruthless than Liu Xiaodong's stab. The two of them were not on the same level at all. After Li Mu said those words on TV today, it was estimated that the relevant departments would investigate the violations of the three express delivery companies more severely tomorrow.

Boss Ma was really mentally and physically exhausted at this moment. It was really too painful to be an opponent of someone like Li Mu. He had all kinds of ways to attack him, and he would not give up any opportunity to attack him.

Just as Boss Ma was getting emotional, Sun Junyi said on the TV screen, "We've talked about the brand day for so long. Personally, I want to push the timeline back even further."

Li Mu nodded slightly.

Sun Junyi continued, "The Internet has only been in the country for a few years. You are only 20 years old this year. How old were you when you first came into contact with the Internet?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Around 15 years old."

Sun Junyi asked again, "Then what kind of opportunity did you have to come into contact with the Internet?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Internet cafes. Actually, there were no real Internet cafes in my hometown of Haizhou at that time. They were all computer rooms in the family, the kind with five or six computers in total."

Li Mu really wanted to say more about this topic, so he continued, "Actually, even now, there are still very few families in the country that have home computers and Internet access. For a child of a working-class family like me, the only opportunity to come into contact with the Internet was basically Internet cafes."

"It was not easy to go online in the past. On one hand, I didn't have much pocket money, and on the other hand, I had to hide from my parents. My parents regarded computers, games, and the Internet as wolves and tigers, and they forbade me from coming into contact with them. Fortunately, I was a little rebellious, and I always thought of ways to go to Internet cafes behind their backs."

Sun Junyi nodded and said, "Parents are really nervous and worried about Internet cafes. I think it's not just you, it's the same for most teenagers."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Everything has two sides. Before I was in the third grade of primary school, my parents were worried that I wouldn't look at cars when I crossed the road, so no matter how busy they were, there was always someone who was responsible for taking me to and from school. But when I got a little older and learned to abide by the rules and protect myself, they no longer worried about me going to and from school alone.

Cars can kill people, but after I was 10, my parents felt that I had the ability to protect myself in front of them.

Computers and the Internet are just a machine and a virtual world. But until I was 15, my parents still felt that I couldn't protect myself in front of them, so they strictly asked me to completely isolate myself from them. I think this is a very serious discrimination, and they're obviously wearing colored glasses. "

Li Mu's words moved all the teenagers in front of the TV to tears, and it also made all the parents doubt their own views and practices for the first time.

At this time, Li Mu said, "I don't deny that computers and the Internet have some negative information, but it's even more undeniable that they have unparalleled contributions and value to human society. If all parents overcorrect in this aspect, it will kill the enthusiasm of the younger generation in Hua Xia for the Internet, and thus the development of the entire Internet in Hua Xia."

"If there was no Internet, or if I hadn't been exposed to the Internet, it's very likely that I wouldn't be sitting here today. Instead, I would be sitting on the campuses of Tsinghua University or Yan University, wholeheartedly studying."

"I spent the money my parents earned with their lives to spend four mediocre years on campus. After four years, I graduated from school, passed the civil service exam, or entered a state-owned enterprise, and lived a life that was not as good as the top, but more than the bottom."

"3321, which helps millions of students, might not have it."

"Makino Technology might not have it."

"Alipay might not have it."

"Taobao Net might not have it either …"

At this point, Li Mu was a little emotional, and he continued to say passionately, "At that time, the 'Li Mu' that everyone is paying attention to today may still be working hard to make a living in a competitive city like Beijing when he's middle-aged."

"At that time, no matter how hard he works, he may not be able to have a brick or tile that belongs to him in Beijing, an international metropolis."

"At that time, as he grows older, he may become more and more decadent, and more and more idle, until finally, his edges are smoothed out by time, and his heart is eroded by time, and he is willing to become a member of the countless numb groups in society."

"At that time, there will be no so-called 'Internet prodigy'.

Perhaps on a night when he drinks too much, this false halo will appear in his dream for a moment, allowing him to find a little bit of success in the dream. When he wakes up, he will realize that everything in the dream is just dust in the wind, and it will be a more painful dream after he wakes up! "

After saying this, Li Mu's expression carried a kind of unfathomable melancholy that did not match his age.

Opposite him, Sun Junyi, who was much older and more experienced than him, was shocked by Li Mu's words, and was dumbfounded in front of the camera.

At this moment, countless people sitting in front of the TV were deeply shocked like Sun Junyi. Every word of Li Mu was like a violent summer thunder, repeatedly rumbling in their hearts!

Even Wei Lan, who had been shocked by Li Mu once at the scene, was now sitting on the tatami, hugging her legs tightly, her delicate chin resting between her knees, and crying quietly.

Beside the television, the green indicator light of a video recorder kept flashing. This was something Wei Lan had prepared in advance before the program started. She wanted to record Li Mu's interview. If Central TV did not edit out this part of the interview that day, and if there was a suitable opportunity in the future, she would replay the entire recording for Li Mu. Then, she would press the pause button and tell him that it was from this moment onwards that she had fallen in love with him with all her heart and soul, like a moth flying into a flame …

And at this moment, the entire country's audience did not have a remote control.

After a short pause, ignoring the extreme shock in their hearts, Sun Junyi on the TV sighed softly and said, "Your words have made me feel ashamed. Before today, I was the same as the parents you described. I saw the Internet as a wolf and a leopard, and I didn't want my children to come into contact with it. It seems that parents like us are still too rigid in our thinking."

Li Mu nodded, and his own emotions had also calmed down. He said, "The Internet will undoubtedly be a major innovation that will promote the development of human society and change the way people live. I personally hope that society can face the role of the Internet and realize its future potential in its early stages, so that everyone's inherent understanding of the Internet can be changed, and we can increase our investment in the hardware and software of the Internet. As for myself, I am willing to do my best to promote the development of the Internet in Hua Xia, even until my death."

Li Mu hoped to awaken people's attention to the Internet. Part of it was indeed out of selfishness. He hoped that the Internet would flourish and grow rapidly, and the number of netizens would increase rapidly. This way, his business and products would have more room for development in the future. However, more of it was because of his love and sense of mission for the Internet.

After the launch of Hua Xia's Internet in 2010, several world-class Internet companies emerged one after another. Tengxun and Ali were both giants with a market value of 200 billion US dollars. However, both of these companies relied on the huge population of Hua Xia to rise, and their influence in the international Internet industry was not that great.

Tengxun's two core products mainly served the people who were connected to each other, or rather, the Chinese people. To put it more accurately, it was the people from other countries who were connected to the Chinese people. However, would other countries use its products as a solution to contact people from other countries?

Of course not.

Boss Ma was involved in the B2B market for small and medium-sized enterprises, and he enjoyed the benefits of the WTO to the greatest extent. Therefore, he was able to achieve greater influence in the world. However, the root of it was still the Hua Xia market and population. He wanted to sell Hua Xia's manufactured products to the people of Hua Xia, and then he wanted to sell Hua Xia's manufactured products to the people of other countries. After that, he hoped to sell the products of other countries to the people of Hua Xia. He was already very good at this.

However, if he really wanted to become a world-class enterprise and sell the products of other countries to the people of other countries, he would never be able to compete with the Amazon in this regard.

In this regard, he would never be able to compete with the Amazon. Furthermore, he was very smart and never tried to do so.

However, Li Mu was different from them. He wanted to try, and he could not wait to try. However, he did not have the ability to do so alone. If he wanted Hua Xia's Internet companies to really go global, he first needed to let Hua Xia have a larger and more advanced Internet soil. If the domestic Internet companies waited until after 2005 to catch up, they could basically only copy the wisdom of others.

He wanted Hua Xia's Internet industry to counterattack the world from 2002!