Chapter 120

Li Mu looked in the direction where the ball came from and saw Zhang Qing, who looked annoyed.

At this time, the football that flew over fell on the wall on the other side of the track and bounced back with much less force. Li Mu reached out and caught the football that bounced over. He looked at Zhang Qing and asked coldly, "Did you kick this ball?"

Zhang Qing gritted his teeth. He was annoyed that he didn't manage to kill the ball. He raised his chin and said to Li Mu arrogantly, "Yes, I did. What's wrong?"

Li Mu waved at him. "Come here."

Zhang Qing sneered exaggeratedly. He looked at his teammates and said shamelessly, "Brothers, did you hear that?

This bastard wants me to go over! "

"Haha, let's go. Why are we afraid of him?"

The guy who passed the ball to Zhang Qing sneered, "Let's go, brothers. Let's see what this guy wants to do!"

Li Mu held the ball with one hand and said with disgust, "Fine, I'll let you go together."

After spending two months in the gym, Li Mu wasn't sure that he could win against many, but he was sure that he could catch one of them.

Zhang Qing walked toward Li Mu with four people. Li Mu held the ball with one hand and reached into his pocket with the other to grab his keys.

Originally, he only had two keys, one for the door of the dormitory and the other for the cabinet. But today, he rented a room and got the keys. Both the door and the door of the building were big keys with cross teeth. Li Mu put the four keys in his pocket between his fingers and was ready to take action.

There were already a lot of people on the field. When they saw that there was a commotion because of the football match, many students came forward to see if there would be a fight. After all, there was only one person on one side and five on the other. If they were to fight, it would be interesting.

Zhang Qing just wanted to vent his anger. Seeing that Li Mu was still so arrogant, he only remembered one thing, and that was to teach him a lesson and get back the face he had lost.

Zhang Qing came to Li Mu and asked, gritting his teeth, "I'm here. What do you want?"

"Me?"

Li Mu chuckled, weighed the ball in his hand, and said, "The ball almost kicked me, and you're asking me what I want?"

Zhang Qing sneered, stepped forward, and pushed Li Mu's left shoulder. "I did it on purpose, so what?

Are you hitting me? "

Li Mu nodded. "Speak properly and don't touch me. I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with people like you. Apologize now and get lost!"

"F * ck your mother, I'll teach you a lesson …"

Zhang Qing wanted to reach out to push Li Mu again. Before he finished speaking, Li Mu suddenly exerted force with his left arm and directly smashed the football on Zhang Qing's nose. Zhang Qing's nose suddenly felt a sharp pain, followed by a huge sore. He instinctively bent down and blood flowed out from both of his nostrils.

Zhang Qing's teammates were dumbfounded. They never thought that Li Mu would make the first move. Seeing this, Stone cursed instinctively, "F * ck your mother. Brothers, kill him!"

As Stone said this, he lifted his leg to kick Li Mu. At this time, Li Mu used a ruthless intent in his heart and suddenly pulled out his right hand from his pocket. The four keys were like knuckles, and the handles of the keys were firmly grasped in his fist. He fiercely punched Stone's thigh. Li Mu used full force in this punch and directly stabbed the two cross-shaped keys into his flesh.

Although it wasn't deep, it was still a sharp pain. Stone lost his balance and fell to the ground. His white Royal Horses shorts were immediately dyed red with blood. He grimaced in pain and hugged his thigh as he wailed incessantly.

The others didn't see clearly what was going on. At this time, they had already rushed in front of Li Mu. A tall lad's big fist went straight for Li Mu's face. Li Mu hurriedly extended his right fist to block. The other party didn't react in time. Seeing that Li Mu was shorter than him by half a head, he thought he was a mantis trying to stop a chariot. He never thought that there would be a bloody key between his fingers!

The two fists collided. Li Mu's right arm was shaken by the huge force until it was numb. He couldn't help but retreat a few steps before he could stabilize himself. The two fists collided with such a huge force that even Li Mu couldn't handle it, let alone the opponent who was fighting with his flesh against steel.

At this time, his face was completely twisted!

The flat of his fist directly smashed into the key. When it met the tip of the key, it deviated slightly. It was equivalent to him giving the skin, flesh, and bones of his fingers to these four keys to gnaw on. His skin was broken, his flesh was rotten, and even his finger bones were injured.

Li Mu's four keys had all been opened. The flesh and blood of the tall lad hung on each of their teeth.

Zhang Qing, whose nose was so sore that he almost fainted, came back to his senses. In his anger, he didn't know what had just happened to his two companions. He flew straight at Li Mu. In the end, Li Mu saw the opportunity and punched him in the stomach with his right fist. This punch was very powerful and had the help of the brass knuckles made of keys. It directly hit Zhang Qing until his stomach churned and he couldn't use any strength in his body.

When Li Mu saw that Zhang Qing's body had already bent into a twisted chicken in front of him, he lifted his leg and kicked him to the ground.

In the blink of an eye, three people fell to the ground with blood flowing out. The remaining two people were also stunned. Although they were a bit of a hooligan, they were still university students. When it came to a real fight, they were worse than junior high school students outside. They thought that it was just a simple fight. They didn't expect that their opponent would be so ruthless.

When they looked at Li Mu's right fist again, they saw four bloody keys in the gap between his fingers. The two people were so scared that they kept retreating.

Zhang Qing fell to the ground and looked up at the expressionless Li Mu. He was really scared.

He had never seen someone fight like this in the National People's Congress. He thought that he was a very powerful person in this school. However, he didn't expect that this guy would dare to make the first move in a one-versus-five situation. Moreover, he was so ruthless!

The other two guys who were injured were also scared by Li Mu's ruthlessness. They lay on the ground and watched in horror as Li Mu walked to the three people step by step.

The onlookers were also stunned. It was really awesome. In the campus of the National People's Congress, no one had seen such a fight. Moreover, it was a 100% reversal. Everyone was shocked. At the same time, they remembered Li Mu's face. They secretly warned themselves, "This is a jinx. He is too damn ruthless. I should stay away from him in the future."

Li Mu stood in front of Zhang Qing. Under his feet was the football that Zhang Qing had kicked. Li Mu stepped on it. Zhang Qing's feet and the football were only 20 to 30 centimeters away from Zhang Qing's face. Zhang Qing was so scared that he was trembling. He was afraid that Li Mu would kick his face at this time.

Li Mu looked at Zhang Qing with a bit of playfulness and ruthlessness. After seeing the fear in his eyes, Li Mu suddenly grinned and suddenly raised his foot. Zhang Qing was so scared that he closed his eyes and covered his face with his hands. He shouted, "Brother, don't be impulsive. I was wrong. I was wrong, brother!"

"Do I need you to say that?

Don't I know that you were wrong? "

Zhang Qing was so anxious that he wanted to say something. "Brother, I …"

Li Mu was too lazy to listen to his nonsense. Seeing that his right leg was about to exert force, Zhang Qing was so scared that he covered his face and screamed. The other onlookers on the field also instinctively turned their faces away. However, they could not help but stare at the football under Li Mu's feet.

No one expected that Li Mu just gently poked the football with the tip of his foot. Then, the football gently bounced off the back of Zhang Qing's hand.

Zhang Qing thought that the kick would be powerful, but he never dreamed that it would be so gentle. He opened his eyes subconsciously and saw Li Mu looking down at him with a playful smile.

"That's all for today. If you are not satisfied, come and find me. I'm Li Mu, Class Three, First Year, Finance Department."

After saying that, Li Mu walked away. The onlookers were dozens of times bigger than before. Li Mu pushed away the guys who were staring at him and swaggered back to the dormitory.

Except for the blood on the key, Li Mu was not injured. However, his right arm was still a little numb after exchanging a punch with that guy. If he was in such a state, one could imagine the situation of the other guy. However, Li Mu did not take it to heart. He was reasonable in today's fight. Zhang Qing deliberately kicked him with the ball. During the argument, he pushed Zhang Qing because he had more people. Then, the five of them fought him together. Even if they went to the Academic Affairs Office with a straight face, he would not be worried.

However, Li Mu was thinking too much. Zhang Qing and his gang would definitely not dare to take the matter to the school. These guys were still very famous in the National People's Congress. This time, they took the initiative to pick a fight with others on the sports field. In the end, they were beaten up badly and made a big joke on the sports field. If they went to the school to complain in this situation, they would really have no face in the National People's Congress in the future.

Before Li Mu returned to the dormitory, what happened on the sports field had already spread throughout the National People's Congress. Many seniors had heard that this year, a powerful guy named Li Mu came to the School of Finance. He single-handedly knocked down three members of Zhang Qing's swimming team and made them bleed.

After Li Mu returned to the dormitory, he did not tell his brothers in Dorm 606 about this matter. He just thought to himself, "My body is still not strong enough. Next time, I should buy a proper brass knuckle."

However, although Li Mu was very low-key about this matter, gossip still spread everywhere. That night, someone posted on the campus forum and replayed the scene of today's incident. Sun Jian found this post when he was browsing the forum in the Internet cafe. He was shocked when he clicked on it. He hurriedly got off the computer and went back to the dormitory. He woke up Li Mu and the others from their beds and asked Li Mu in public to verify the truth of this matter.

Li Mu did not deny it, but Sun Jian and the other brothers were not happy. Everyone said that Li Mu should tell them about this kind of thing as soon as possible. Then, the whole dormitory would unite and advance and retreat together. Even if everyone was not there at that time, when Li Mu came, he should not hide it. Otherwise, what if he took revenge in the future?

If he told them in advance, they would try to move around together in the future.

Li Mu admitted his mistake verbally, but he was touched in his heart. He waved his hand and called his brothers to go out for supper. They just had a fight in the evening, and now they could drink and talk merrily at night. This feeling was really great.

…

After Zhao Kang came back from the military training base in the middle of nowhere, Li Mu met with him. He brought him to Yucheng Garden to identify the door and gave him a key. Li Mu planned the living room as a place for leisure and entertainment. He kept the master bedroom for himself. He put the two computers in the study, and there was a side bedroom left. Li Mu said that if Zhao Kang found a girl, he could bring her here to have fun.

Zhao Kang smiled and said, "If I really have a girl, I will rent another apartment next door. I can't have fun next door, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "At least you have some manners."

Zhao Kang stopped smiling and became serious. He said, "Oh right, I just received a message from one of my subordinates. The latest news on the Internet is that Li Jiawei, the deputy director of Haizhou City's Public Security Bureau, has been arrested. Ying Xue's father, Su Weimin, has been promoted to the deputy secretary of the Party Committee and is now the second-in-command."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In that case, when the director leaves at the end of the year, he will be the first-in-command of the Municipal Bureau."

Zhao Kang looked at Li Mu meaningfully. "I bet he never dreamed that he could become the first-in-command because of you …"