Chapter 1182

When YY in Hua Xia exposed the incident that happened in Hollywood in China, nearly 100 million netizens in China suddenly exploded.

If one were to ask which country or people in the world had been hurt the most by Japan, the answer must be Hua Xia and the Hua Xia people!

Although the cruel war of aggression had passed for more than 50 years, how could the deep hatred at the national level be washed away in a few decades? Even if anyone casually ridiculed the history of the War of Resistance in Hua Xia, it was unacceptable to the billions of people in Hua Xia, because this history was too solemn and too heavy. Behind it were the lives of tens of millions of people, and absolutely could not be trampled in any form!

Hollywood had invested in a movie to promote the spirit of Samurai. If no one had pierced through the window paper, no one would have realized what kind of ulterior motive was contained in it.

Even in Li Mu's previous life, he did not see the real intention behind this movie. The people of the countries that had been invaded by Japan did not feel that there was anything wrong with this movie that praised the extreme spirit of Samurai on a global scale.

In fact, now that Li Mu thought about it, this movie could be said to have put in a lot of effort in this aspect.

They knew that Japan carried the crime of starting World War II and invading other countries, and it would be difficult to wash away the spirit of Samurai rashly. However, they very cleverly chose the stage of the Meiji Restoration to promote and beautify the spirit of Samurai in the way of Japan's "civil war." Most of the people were deceived by this superb trick.

In fact, looking at this movie carefully, there were a lot of bugs in the plot, and there were a lot of unreasonable logic, but it still achieved a very good reputation and box office results around the world.

However, after all, a window paper was a window paper. No matter how thick it was and how deep it was hidden, as long as it was poked hard, it would be pierced. And as long as this layer of window paper was pierced, most people would be able to see its essence.

Therefore, the people of the United States were angry, and so were the people of Hua Xia.

The movie produced by the American film company suddenly angered the netizens of the United States and Hua Xia. Therefore, the major networks of Hua Xia were also full of all kinds of criticism of this movie.

Zhao Kang's Internet Water Army stirred up the emotions of the netizens on the domestic websites while making preparations to guide these netizens to the American websites.

Li Mu's request to Zhao Kang was for a large number of Hua Xia online games to flood into the major American websites and express their indignation and protest against the movie on all the pages related to The Last Samurai, as well as their solidarity and support for American netizens.

Zhao Kang immediately mobilized the entire Internet Water Army and began to make preparations to fulfill Li Mu's request.

In order to make it easier for the netizens in Hua Xia who didn't have good English, Zhao Kang requested that his water army provide hands-on guidance to the game.

First, the fake reviewers gathered a large number of overseas links related to "The Last Samurai".

Secondly, the fake reviewers used screenshots to teach them how to register their accounts on various major English websites.

Finally, the fake reviewers prepared a comment template that was translated into English so that they could directly copy and paste it.

The criteria for the template was very clear:

The first part was translated into English: "The people of XX Province of Hua Xia are here to support!"

The second part was translated into English: "We strongly protest against the work of Warner Bros., as well as the shameless acts of Tom Cruise, Edward Zwick, and other actors trying their best to beautify the spirit of the extreme samurai!"

The third part was translated into English: "The 1.3 billion people of Hua Xia will not allow anyone to put on a positive appearance for the dehumanized spirit of the samurai!"

After these preparations were done, Zhao Kang and his army were only waiting for Li Mu's orders.

…

At that moment, Li Mu was in a single ward in the Third People's Hospital, visiting Anne Hathaway, who had just been released from quarantine.

Half an hour ago, Li Mu received a call from Director Zou of the Third People's Hospital, saying that Anne Hathaway had been released from quarantine. He immediately made an appointment with Spielberg to visit her at the hospital.

According to the doctor, Anne Hathaway was suffering from sepsis due to a serious blood infection. Fortunately, she was sent to the hospital early, so there weren't any serious consequences. Otherwise, if it had been delayed for a day or two, it might have caused irreversible damage to her internal organs or even threatened her life.

After these days of isolation, her blood tests had returned to normal, and there were no complications of SARS. Therefore, the hospital ruled out the possibility of her being infected with SARS. She would be transferred to a normal ward for observation for two or three days before being discharged.

Li Mu and Spielberg naturally heaved a sigh of relief. Anne Hathaway was finally able to see Li Mu and Spielberg. She broke down and burst into tears.

Being quarantined for so many days had brought a huge amount of negative emotions to her, the most serious of which was fear.

Because they weren't sure whether she was infected with SARS or not, the doctors were very careful with her condition. Anne Hathaway hadn't seen a normal face these days. Almost every medical staff was wearing an extremely nervous protective suit, as if they were treating her as the source of the plague. She repeatedly asked them but couldn't get any clear and detailed explanation, which aggravated the negative emotions in her heart.

Today, being released from quarantine, she could finally relax. After so many days of tension, she felt as if she had been reborn.

While comforting Anne Hathaway, Li Mu appropriately revealed to her, "Recently, there has been a rather difficult infectious disease spreading, so the doctors have been extra careful when dealing with patients with fever. Fortunately, the possibility of infection has been ruled out. After a few days of observation, you can be discharged soon."

Anne Hathaway said pitifully with red eyes, "I want to go home … I really want to …"

Spielberg hurriedly said, "Anne, don't worry. We'll go back as soon as you're discharged."

With that, Spielberg pointed to Li Mu and said, "Mr. Lee said that he would go to the United States with us, and he also said that he would rent a business jet, so that we can go back with him."

Anne Hathaway looked at Li Mu eagerly and asked, "Mr. Lee, when can I be discharged?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You need to be observed for three days. Today is the first day. If there are no accidents on the third day, you can be discharged on the fourth day."

Anne Hathaway asked again, "Then when are we leaving?"

Seeing that she was eager to go home, Li Mu said without hesitation, "I'll ask my assistant to contact the charter company today and try to leave on the day you're discharged."

Anne Hathaway's big eyes suddenly welled up with tears. She choked with sobs and repeatedly thanked him. These days had been too difficult for her. At this time, all she could think of was to go home.

Thinking of going to the United States, Li Mu suddenly thought of Wei Lan. Last time, she told him that if he went to the United States again, she hoped that he could take her with him, because she also wanted to go to the United States to see her parents.

So Li Mu took out his mobile phone and sent a text message to Wei Lan.

"I'll fly to the United States in a few days. Do you want to go together?"

A moment later, Wei Lan's call came.

Li Mu said goodbye to Anne Hathaway and Spielberg, leaving them to chat in the ward. He went to the balcony outside the door to answer the phone.

The moment the phone was connected, Wei Lan asked excitedly, "Are you really going to the United States soon?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, in a few days."

Wei Lan asked, "You're so busy. How do you have time to go to the United States?

Don't tell me that you miss your girlfriend just a few days after she left? "

Li Mu said, "I'm going to the United States this time because I have something very important to do."

Wei Lan asked again, "How long will you be going this time?"

"Three to five days." Li Mu said, "There are still a lot of things to do. I'll come back as soon as I finish them."

Wei Lan pondered for a moment and said, "My work has been okay recently. I'm not too busy. A lot of the general direction and details have been decided. I'm just waiting for the frontline team to realize it bit by bit, so I have quite a lot of time recently."

Speaking up to this point, Wei Lan seemed to have made up her mind and said, "Then I'll go with you. Otherwise, I don't know when you'll be able to go again. It's too painful to take a trans-oceanic flight alone."

Li Mu said, "This time, Spielberg and Anne Hathaway are also going on the charter flight."

"Has Anne Hathaway been discharged?"

"Soon."

"She didn't get that infectious disease, right?"

"No, it's sepsis. She's almost recovered. She can be discharged in a few days."

"That's good!"

Wei Lan breathed a sigh of relief and asked Li Mu with a hint of happiness, "When the time comes, should I go to Shenzhen to find you, or will you fly to Beijing first?"

Saying that, Wei Lan added, "Anyway, when you fly to the United States, the flight route will definitely be north first. You'll pass through Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula and fly to the Bering Strait. When you pass by Beijing, you can stop and bring me along."

Li Mu laughed and said, "That's really amazing. You even know how to fly a plane."

Wei Lan said, "I've flown a few times and realized that every time, I have to fly north first. Later, I found out that this is called the Great Circle Flight Route."

Li Mu didn't understand, so he could only say, "Since that's the case, then wait for me in Beijing. The plane will fly to Beijing first to pick you up."

"That's great. Then I'll wait for you in Beijing."

After hanging up Wei Lan's call, Zhao Kang immediately called. The Internet Water Army's preparations were completely OK, and he asked when Li Mu would start.

Li Mu looked at the time. It was almost noon in Beijing. At this time, it was exactly eight o 'clock in the evening in Los Angeles, another prime time when the netizens were the most active.

Li Mu immediately ordered Zhao Kang, "Start at 12 o 'clock sharp!"

"Okay!"

Zhao Kang was extremely excited. "I can't wait to see the combat power of our Internet Water Army overseas!"

When he returned to the ward, Spielberg was lamenting to Anne Hathaway, "Tom accidentally stepped on a landmine this time. Now he's being criticized by the netizens. I'm afraid this incident will have a huge impact on his career. I'm afraid this impact won't be eliminated in the next year."

Li Mu just came in and said with a smile, "I'm afraid one year won't be enough. In my opinion, this impact will at least affect him for five to ten years, or even his entire acting career."

Spielberg asked in surprise, "Mr. Lee, this incident will have such a far-reaching negative impact on Tom?"

Li Mu nodded without hesitation.

Spielberg asked him subconsciously, "Why is it so serious?"