Chapter 631

Li Mu thanked Wei Lan for her blessing and shook hands with her politely. He asked politely, "Miss Wei, do you need me to take you to the airport?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Thank you, but I won't trouble you, Mr. Li. I can just take a taxi."

Li Mu was just being polite. Seeing that Wei Lan refused, he did not insist. He wanted to send the little girl back as soon as possible. Then, he would go to Ziyun Villas to change the property registration and the key while he still had time today. After that, he could simply buy some daily necessities.

After saying goodbye to Wei Lan, Li Mu drove the real estate agent back to her company and then turned around to Ziyun Villa. At the same time, he called Lin Ching-ah and asked her to find a smart and careful girl from the company to temporarily play the role of a personal assistant. He really didn't have the energy to do such trivial things as cleaning and daily necessities in such a big villa.

Wei Lan stood on the side of the road for a long time to stop a taxi. What annoyed her was that this place was relatively remote and she couldn't get a taxi after standing on the side of the road for more than ten minutes. She was a little regretful. If she had known this would happen, she wouldn't have been so polite to Li Mu. Anyway, they wouldn't have much interaction in the future. Asking him to send her would save her a lot of time.

While she was annoyed, Li Mu's silver G55 suddenly stopped beside her. The window of the passenger seat rolled down. Li Mu looked at the anxious Wei Lan and couldn't help but ask, "Miss Wei, you can't get a taxi?"

When Wei Lan saw that it was Li Mu, she was overjoyed. But in the next moment, she instinctively thought that Li Mu was probably looking for an opportunity to approach her, so he turned back. But she couldn't think too much about it now. She hurriedly nodded and said, "This place is really strange. We've been standing here for so long, but there's not a single empty car."

After saying that, she couldn't help but pray that Li Mu would be polite to her again. If he politely asked her if she needed a taxi, then she wouldn't be polite to him anymore.

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu nervously. Li Mu smiled and waved at her. "Come on, I'll send you to the airport."

Upon hearing this, Wei Lan immediately nodded happily. While thanking him, she opened the door and got in.

Li Mu stepped on the accelerator, and the car moved forward steadily. Wei Lan couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Mr Li, will I delay your business?"

Li Mu smiled casually and said, "I don't have anything to do. I originally wanted to go to Ziyun Villa to settle the matter with the property management, but I happened to see you still standing by the roadside, so I stopped …"

Wei Lan suddenly realized that when Li Mu went to Ziyun Villa from the real estate agency, he did need to turn around and walk back. Coincidentally, he would pass by the bank. It seemed that she was overthinking. She thought that he had some ulterior motives for turning back.

Thinking of this, Wei Lan thanked Li Mu again and said, "Sorry to trouble you, Mr Li. Why don't you find a good place to drop me off later?"

Li Mu raised his right hand and waved. His left hand made a left turn at the intersection. He smiled and said, "This is the main road of the Fourth Ring Road. The Fourth Ring Road goes directly to the airport highway. This is the fastest way. You won't have a place to take a taxi on the viaduct."

Wei Lan looked up and saw that the entrance to the Fourth Ring Road was indeed not far ahead. If she took Li Mu's car to the airport, she would be there in about half an hour. If she got out of the car and took a taxi, she didn't know how long it would take. So she said gratefully, "Then I'll trouble you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't always say thank you and trouble me. There's no need to be so polite. After all, the two of us have made a deal worth more than 30 million. Compared to you giving up such a good house to me, this is just a small matter."

Wei Lan nodded and stopped being pretentious. She smiled and said, "Ziyun Villa is indeed a good place. In the future, it will definitely be the villa area with the highest unit price in Yan Jing. It has great potential for appreciation."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "Does Ziyun Villa really have such great potential?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Of course. Otherwise, I wouldn't have bought it at that time."

Li Mu calculated in his heart. To be honest, he was very curious about Wei Lan. When meeting such a beautiful woman, any man would want to know more about her. Moreover, there were many points about her that were worth studying. For example:

Firstly, Wei Lan was so young, but she already had a villa worth 30 million in Yan Jing. It was enough to show that her net worth was not low.

Secondly, what was even more amazing was that the villa had been empty after it was renovated. She had never lived in it at all. It could be seen that she did not only have one property in Yan Jing. She might even have many properties.

Thirdly, Wei Lan had been in Shanghai for a long time. Furthermore, he had seen her ID when he signed the contract. She was a local in Shanghai. Therefore, it was normal to speculate that her assets in Shanghai were definitely more than those in Yan Jing. Therefore, her net worth was even more unfathomable.

Fourthly, it was also the point that Li Mu could not understand. Since Wei Lan had such a high net worth, why did she want to sell the villa that she had spent so much effort to renovate but had never lived in? Furthermore, she had said that she was optimistic about the future value of Ziyun Villa. Under such circumstances, it was even more unlikely that she would sell the villa unless she had encountered some kind of difficulty.

When the real estate agent asked Li Mu what method he preferred to use for the transaction, Li Mu chose the safer method of bank supervision. Then, he saw a little hesitation and struggle in Wei Lan's eyes. At that moment, his intuition was that Wei Lan should be very eager to get the money for the house immediately.

At that time, Li Mu had an idea that he should simply do her a favor and choose to let the agency be the guarantor. In that case, she would be able to receive the money immediately after the transaction. However, after calming down a little and thinking about it, Li Mu was also worried that it might be a series of traps. If he was bewitched by Wei Lan's beauty and chose this method of transaction, he would be cheated of more than 30 million in the end. That would be very embarrassing.

After considering these points, Li Mu felt that there should be some stories about Wei Lan. He could not help but have a strong desire for this beauty.

Therefore, Li Mu deliberately asked her, "Can you roughly tell me why you think so highly of Ziyun Villa?"

Wei Lan said, "In the next few years, the best development direction for Yan Jing is in the north. Line 13 has been under construction for almost three years, and the first phase of the project will be opened soon. Last year, the Yan Jing Olympic Bid Committee had already preliminarily set the plan for the Olympic stadium in the north city, and they also released the outline plan for the Olympic Line 8 Subway. In the future, the development of the north will definitely be faster. The Olympic Forest is also near Ziyun Villa, and the location of Ziyun Villa can be said to be unique. In addition, there are no good places to build villas within the Fifth Ring Road. In the future, the distance between the villas and the urban area will be very far. Ziyun Villa will definitely become an exclusive villa in the urban area, so overall, I am sure that its appreciation potential is very high."

Li Mu was dumbfounded. How did Wei Lan know so many details about Yan Jing's urban development and Olympic planning?

Judging from the accuracy of her information, she must have done her homework. Moreover, many of the information was difficult to figure out. The points that she sorted out were all correct without exception in the eyes of a reborn person with a cheat. This was not something that ordinary people could do.

Seeing that Li Mu did not speak, Wei Lan thought that Li Mu did not believe what she said. She could not help but say, "Mr. Li, if you believe me, hold this villa in your hands and don't sell it easily. After the Olympic Games, the price of this villa will definitely rise to a sky-high price. At that time, more than 70% of the villas in Yan Jing will be built north of the Fifth Ring Road, and 80% of them will be outside the Fifth Ring Road or even outside the Sixth Ring Road, so the villas within the Fifth Ring Road will be even more precious."

Li Mu asked her in surprise, "Why are you so sure?

“

Wei Lan smiled confidently and said, "Putting aside the problem of economic development, the most livable area in Beijing is the north, so the most suitable direction for high-end residential development is naturally the north. Although the environment in the west is not bad, it is very close to the mountains, so the space for high-end residential real estate development is very small. The east is bordered by Ji Province, so it is destined to become a hotbed for the development of ordinary residential real estate. High-end residential real estate is most particular about avoiding large-scale ordinary real estate projects, so there is no room for high-end residential real estate development in the east. As for the south, there is no need to talk about it. The economic development is lagging behind, and the environment is poor, so it is not suitable for real high-end residential real estate development. After combining the situation in the east, west, and west, and then looking at the north, the north is simply too good. First of all, the environment is good, there are mountains, water, and hot springs. Secondly, the space in the north of Beijing is too deep, and the north is full of mountains. The greater the depth, the more security it can give the people inside.

Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "Miss Wei, are you in the real estate business?"

Wei Lan was stunned, then she shrugged and said, "My family is in the real estate business, so I've been in this industry since I graduated."

"No wonder."

Li Mu was convinced. At first, he thought that Wei Lan was a mistress or mistress, but after thinking about it carefully, such a beautiful woman like her, if she really was a mistress or mistress, she should be buying houses everywhere. Why would she sell a house?

Later, he guessed that she might be a rich second generation, but for some reason, she was short of money. Now he finally understood that her family was in the real estate business. The rarest thing was that she had such an accurate understanding of real estate development. She was definitely a talent in the real estate industry. If she used her judgment of Beijing's real estate development to do real estate projects in Beijing, there was basically no possibility of losing money.

The more it was like this, the more curious Li Mu was. She was so optimistic about the high-end real estate projects in the north of Beijing, and so optimistic about the appreciation potential of Ziyun Villa. If she didn't encounter a particularly big problem, she would never sell this villa at this time.

However, this was the first time Li Mu met her, so he naturally couldn't ask too directly about other people's privacy. After he captured the key information, he didn't continue to ask, but changed the topic and said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, if you come to Beijing often in the future, you can keep in touch. Chatting with you really broadens my horizons."

Wei Lan smiled slightly. Regardless of whether Li Mu's words were sincere or not, she was grateful that Li Mu stopped the topic just now. At this point, she was very afraid that Li Mu would suddenly ask her, "Since you are so optimistic, why did you sell?"

Fortunately, he didn't.