Chapter 1231

When Paul Keane thought of the day when he took the senators to stop Li Mu's plane and forcefully showed off on Li Mu's plane, he regretted it so much that he wanted to slap himself in the face.

Originally, he wanted to show Li Mu his political strength, shock him, and make him worship him. He didn't expect that it would suddenly become his biggest weakness in Li Mu's hands.

The American people were very sensitive to the private use of public power, and what made people even more disgusted was that public power was controlled by private people. If this matter was exposed by Li Mu, the Keane family's reputation would be completely ruined in the United States.

However, Li Mu didn't give himself any leeway. Even Elon Musk, who specially went to Hollywood to ask him for help, couldn't do anything. He conveyed Li Mu's request to Paul Keane word for word. Li Mu's request was very simple. Paul and James, neither of them could escape responsibility from this matter. Neither of them could sacrifice themselves to protect the other. It was the two of you who showed off, so the two of you had to bear the consequences.

Paul Keane was willing to sacrifice his own reputation, but if he really wanted his son to come out and apologize and admit his evil intentions towards 3321, it meant that all his prospects would be ruined.

The American people might forgive James, but the family would never forgive him. Paul knew very well what kind of wishful thinking his elder brother and younger brother had been planning.

For a long time, their biggest idea was to replace their son as the heir, but because they had to follow the family's operating system, they had never found a suitable opportunity to do so. Now, this opportunity had come. If he couldn't protect his son, based on the bad influence of this matter, it was enough for his elder brother to remove his son from the position of heir several times.

Paul Keane weighed it for a long time. If he accepted Li Mu's conditions, then the family's reputation could be preserved to a certain extent, but the reputation of himself and his son would certainly be lost. At that time, he and his son would lose everything;

If he didn't accept Li Mu's conditions, then there was still a chance to fight with Li Mu. Even if the hope of winning was very slim, it was much better than directly surrendering. Moreover, instead of risking his and his son's future, it was better to drag the whole family down with them. In that case, even if they failed, the whole family would bear the responsibility. At that time, the family would not be able to escape even if they wanted to.

Understanding this, Paul Keane made up his mind, clenched his teeth, and said to himself, "Li Mu, since you want to play, then I will drag the whole Keane family to play with you to the end!"

Li Mu sometimes also struggled. Whether it was James Keane or Paul Keane, the father and son, one was coveting his 3321, and the other was brainless and came to show off in front of him. The matter was not very serious. If he just laughed it off, this matter would be completely over. After all, no one wanted to make enemies everywhere.

However, every time there was such a struggle, Li Mu would think of Paul Keane's look on the plane.

No matter what, it was still a ferocious beast. Even if it wasn't bloodthirsty and didn't like to eat humans, it was still a ferocious beast. Even if other small animals didn't have to be afraid in front of a ferocious beast, they still had to be respectful. Otherwise, if a cat with three legs could jump out and show off its strength and bare its fangs and claws at it, how could it live in the future?

Paul Keane wasn't a fool. He could measure his own strength, and he also knew how big of a gap there was between them. Under such circumstances, Paul Keane still dared to act like a clown in front of him. The reason was that he had only shown off his fangs and claws all this time, and had never used them.

Li Mu was very clear that the water in the United States was not shallow compared to the water in China. The internal political structure and economic structure of the United States were extremely complicated. If he wanted to take root in the market of this country, first of all, he had to let the local snake in this market see his strength. So this time, the Keane family was just a good opportunity to kill the chicken to warn the monkey. He must let the Keane family be completely defeated!

…

Li Mu was like a warmonger who was about to rush into the battlefield. The temperature of his blood seemed to be much hotter than usual. With the desire for battle, Li Mu slept particularly soundly that night.

For the whole of Hollywood, today was an unprecedented big day.

There had never been a movie launch conference that could attract such a large amount of attention, especially when no one knew what the movie was going to be.

Whether it was Li Mu's Makino Impression or Spielberg's DreamWorks, they had not disclosed the details of the movie. Even the title and the story background had not been announced to the public. No one knew what the movie was about, but it attracted the attention of the whole of Hollywood.

As for the reasons, there were too many.

In the words of the future generations, there were too many hot topics in this movie whose name was unknown.

The biggest hot topic was Li Mu.

These days, no star was as influential as Li Mu. This young man, Hua Xia, had long become the idol of young people all over the world. Most people who knew him had a very good impression of him. This was something that no other star could do.

With Li Mu's ability, it was easy to understand that he invested in a film and television company and invested in a movie. However, he personally cooperated with a well-known Hollywood director, well-known actors, and film and television company, and personally attended the movie's press conference. This was too rare. Even Li Mu attached so much importance to this movie. It could be seen how valuable this movie was.

In addition, this movie also had Spielberg, Tom Hanks, and Leonardo DiCaprio. These three were all famous Hollywood stars. Although Anne Hathaway was young and inexperienced, she was also very famous. This kind of actors and production lineup was also very valuable.

What was more unusual was that this movie was not funded by Hollywood, but by Li Mu. Moreover, the initial investment amount had already exceeded 100 million US dollars. What was more, this investment of 100 million US dollars was under the circumstance that all the leading actors had reduced their salaries by more than half. With such a large amount of investment, this movie would undoubtedly be a super big production.

With so many hot topics, even if the name of the movie had not been announced, it was enough to make the audience all over the world curious and deeply concerned. Moreover, Li Mu had been building up the momentum for this press conference, and the relevant information about this movie had already been released to every corner of the world.

Li Mu came out of his room early before the media arrived and went directly to the hotel's banquet hall. At the venue of the press conference, Spielberg and the other directors of DreamWorks were already busy inside.

The level of this press conference was very high. Apart from the small number of people present, it was basically not inferior to any of Apple's developer conferences. The whole background of the stage was a huge Chinese word "Flying Tigers" and the English name "Flying-Tigers". In addition, the background pictures were all real photos of the Flying Tigers during World War II. The largest one was a black-and-white photo of the members of the Flying Tigers taking a group photo in front of a plane painted with a shark's mouth. In this photo, some of the members of the Flying Tigers were standing in front of the plane, and some were sitting in the plane. Everyone in the photo had a happy smile on their faces, and each of them was ready to take off at any time to fight the Japanese in the sky.

Li Mu walked around the stage and saw the black-and-white photos. His heart was filled with emotion. Not only the faces of the Americans, but also the faces of the members of the Hua Xia Flying Tigers, the farmers of Hua Xia, and the faces of the ordinary soldiers of Hua Xia. Li Mu did not know how many of the people in these photos had survived, but he felt that every face in these photos should be given the greatest respect.

Some of them had fought a bloody battle with the Japanese to protect Hua Xia. Some had been injured, and some had paid with their lives; some had suffered in the abyss of invasion. Even in the black-and-white photos, the ignorant child in the arms of the farmers of Hua Xia must have suffered the devastation and suffering of the war decades ago. In that war, 35 million soldiers and civilians of Hua Xia were killed or injured, and countless properties were lost. The suffering of a nation was far from what these photos could explain, but even these photos were enough to make people feel sad.

Li Mu was looking at the photos in a daze. Suddenly, someone shouted in English, "Pull-Up!"

After that, a dark red silk cloth was suddenly pulled up under these background pictures, blocking these pictures little by little until they were all blocked.

Li Mu was a little stunned. At this time, Spielberg had come to Li Mu's side and explained, "This is to create some suspense. After you announce the name of the movie on the spot, our staff will release these blocks in an instant."

Li Mu nodded. Only then did he remember the details that Spielberg had communicated with him yesterday. At today's press conference, he would give a speech, introduce the cause and effect of the birth of the movie and the background of the era, and then announce the name of the movie. Then, Chennault's daughter and the two surviving members of the Flying Tigers would introduce the unknown war in the United States.

After they finished speaking, Spielberg would briefly introduce the planning details of the movie, and talk about his views and feelings about the movie. Then, it would be time for the lead actors of the movie to introduce their feelings when they got the script, and then their journey of accepting the movie at a reduced price. Although it was a road of emotion, both Li Mu and Spielberg knew very well that they were not playing the emotional card.

Just like Spielberg's "Schindler's List," the whole movie was entrusted with his strong and tragic feelings and feelings about that period of history, but the movie was not using the emotional card to win the sympathy of others. The two movies were very similar in this regard.

Both Li Mu and Spielberg wanted the world to understand the true history of this period. They wanted them to know that the people of Hua Xia had experienced such tragic hardships and paid such heroic sacrifices decades ago, and that a few American pilots had also fought for the freedom and peace of the people of this country for thousands of miles in a foreign country!