Chapter 436

On the day that the silver G55 arrived in Beijing, Li Mu and Zhao Kang had just sent Chen Wan to the airport.

On the way back from the airport, Li Mu received a call from Fatty Wang, saying that the car had arrived and was parked in a warehouse at the East Fourth Ring Road. The relevant procedures had been completed, and Li Mu could drive the car directly to get the license plate.

After receiving the call, Li Mu was also very excited. Although he occasionally criticized himself that he should not be too arrogant, to be honest, he really had enough of this GL8!

The control, comfort, power and appearance were all average. At first, he felt quite comfortable driving it, but now it could no longer meet Li Mu's needs.

Zhao Kang had already heard about Li Mu ordering a car. Most people in the country didn't know much about the Mercedes-Benz G Series. Only those who had a thorough understanding of cars knew about the existence of the Mercedes-Benz G Series. Zhao Kang also searched a lot on the Internet before he figured out the origin of the Mercedes-Benz G Series.

However, Zhao Kang had a different taste for cars than Li Mu. He did not like the boxy shape of the G55. He did not like off-road cars either. He liked luxury cars, such as the BMW 7 series and the Benz S class.

When talking about the car model that he liked, Li Mu said, "Why don't you just buy a BMW 7 series? The control, power and comfort are all very good."

Zhao Kang scratched his head. "To be honest, I have not considered whether to buy a car or not. Didn't I just buy a car for my dad during the New Year? Wouldn't it seem a little wasteful to buy another one?"

Li Mu glared at him and said, "You are scolding me."

Zhao Kang hurriedly waved his hand. "I am not. You are so rich now. Not to mention a car that is worth more than three million, you can even buy a private plane."

Li Mu said, "You're also a shareholder of Makino Technology. Your net worth isn't low either. Now, plug-ins still have income, and you've also opened an Internet cafe. Your capital is very strong."

Zhao Kang laughed and said, "What you said makes sense. I'm worth over a hundred million now …" After that, Zhao Kang tilted his head and looked at Li Mu. He said with a sloppy smile, "Why don't I get one too?"

Li Mu nodded and encouraged, "Get one. Money is for enjoyment."

Zhao Kang slapped his thigh and said excitedly, "Yes, fix it!

Is there a 7 Series BMW for sale in the country? "

Li Mu said, "There should be. Let's go to the 4S shop."

"Alright!"

Zhao Kang rubbed his fists and said, "Now that you mention it, my heart is itching. I'll accompany you to pick up the car first, and then you can accompany me to the 4S shop."

…

When Fatty Wang heard that the car had arrived, he ran to Cai Zhengmao's warehouse in Yanjing early to see the car. Cai Zhengmao happened to come to see the new batch of cars. When he met Fatty Wang, he asked where the car was and how it was. Cai Zhengmao couldn't help asking him in surprise, "Fatty Wang, who asked for that Benz?

Why are you so concerned about it? "

Fatty Wang smiled and said, "A good buddy. He asked me to do something, so of course I have to be concerned about it."

Cai Zhengmao curled his lips and said, "Come on, don't you think I don't know you?

Last time when your friend picked up the Bentley, you weren't so concerned about it. When it was time to pick up the car, it seemed that your friend came to pick it up by himself. He searched around the factory for more than half an hour but couldn't find the place. When he saw me, he complained to me that you didn't make it clear to him. "

Fatty Wang smiled awkwardly and said, "It's different. I'm not familiar with that guy last time. This time, he's my brother."

Cai Zhengmao asked him, "Who is it?

Do I know him? "

Fatty Wang said, "You probably don't know him. He's Mr. Chen's friend."

Cai Zhengmao nodded slightly and said thoughtfully, "Mr. Chen's friend seems to be the shareholders of your bar, right?"

Fatty Wang said, "Yes, the buddy who picked up the car is also one of the shareholders of my bar."

Cai Zhengmao smiled and said, "Your buddy is very lucky this time. That G55 was specially customized by a rich man from the Middle East to Benz. The factory price was nearly three million yuan, which is more expensive than Rolls-Royce. However, he didn't like the car before it arrived, so he asked someone to get the military version of Hummer H1 from the United States. This car was sold at a low price."

Fatty Wang smiled and said, "According to what you said, this car can be sold at the same price as Rolls-Royce in China."

Cai Zhengmao said, "I was thinking about it. Mercedes-Benz and BMW are special custom-made cars that can only be sold at a high price to the custom-made people. It is meaningless to sell it to others. If a modified G55 is the same price as a Rolls-Royce, would you buy the G55?

Unless your brain is kicked by a donkey. "

Fatty Wang nodded and said, "You're right." Then he couldn't help but ask, "We've talked for a long time. Where's the car? Let me have a look."

Cai Zhengmao waved his hand and said, "This batch of cars are lining up to be washed and waxed. It rained in Tianjin two days ago, and the cars waiting for customs clearance are all covered with mud."

After entering the factory, Fatty Wang saw more than 20 cars lined up in a straight line waiting to be cleaned and waxed. Although Li Mu's G55 was covered with a layer of dust, it was still easy to recognize. It was the only off-road car in this batch of cars.

Seeing Li Mu's car at the end of the line, Fatty Wang couldn't help but say, "Oh, my buddy will come later. Hurry up and wash his car first."

Cai Zhengmao rolled his eyes and said, "Your buddy wants to pick up his car. My buddy also wants to pick up his car. The cars in front belong to the members of the Chang 'an Club. They will all come later."

Fatty Wang took out a delicate cigarette box and took out a fine handmade cigar from it. He handed it to Cai Zhengmao and said, "Lao Cai, Brother Cai, with our relationship, it's not a big deal.

Anyway, those people from the Chang 'an Club that you mentioned haven't come yet. You can ask them to wash my friend's car first. When my buddy comes later, his car will be clean and shiny. They will feel comfortable when they see it, right? "

Cai Zhengmao took the cigar and said with a smile, "Fatty Wang, you are so attentive. I really want to see who is carrying this G55 …"

Fatty Wang said, "They will come later. I will introduce them to you."

Cai Zhengmao nodded and said to a few mechanics who were waxing a Ferrari, "You guys, drive that Ferrari to the side first. Drive the G55 to the back and wash it first."

A few mechanics heard the boss's order and immediately stopped what they were doing. One started the Ferrari and drove it to the side. Another ran to drive the G55 over. The rest of them took the car washing equipment and waited. When the car stopped in front of them, they immediately started to wash it.

Fatty Wang shouted at the top of his lungs, "Brothers, it's been hard on you. Wash up. I'll pay for lunch, 200 yuan per person!"

Fatty Wang took out a handbag from under his armpit and took out 1,000 yuan. He gave it to a young man who was registering the car information and said, "Please send it to the guys who are washing the car."

Cai Zhengmao looked at Fatty Wang. He didn't say anything, but he was muttering in his heart. What's wrong with Fatty Wang? Who is he serving? Why is he so attentive?

In fact, Fatty Wang felt that Li Mu's ability to make money was too great. Hui Ka Ming had invested 800 million yuan in Makino Technology. He had invested 80 million yuan in Li Mu and got 10% of Makino Technology's shares. Now, the market value was at least 500 million yuan. In just half a year, it had increased by more than six times. The potential of the future appreciation was unimaginable. Even if he worshipped the God of Fortune, he might not be able to have such luck!

For Fatty Wang, although his family had a certain amount of power, the only thing he could use was SugarClub. He also wanted to ride on Li Mu's coattails and make a lot of money. Therefore, he naturally hoped that he could get closer to Li Mu. Maybe in the future, he could have some investment opportunities and make a lot of money like Hui Ka Ming.

…

Li Mu drove to the place designated by Fatty Wang. It was a small industrial area outside the Fourth Ring Road. Cai Zhengmao had a row of warehouses here, covering an area of about five to six thousand square meters. Cars that disembarked from Jin City would first be transported here after customs clearance.

Li Mu drove his GL8 into the factory area and found Cai Zhengmao's row of factories. As soon as he parked the car outside, Fatty Wang ran out. As soon as Li Mu got out of the car, Fatty Wang waved at him and said, "The car is ready, we're just waiting for you to pick it up. I've checked it for you. From top to bottom, from inside to outside, there's not even a scratch. It's just waxed, it's beautiful!"

After hearing Fatty Wang's words, Li Mu couldn't wait. He waved at Zhao Kang and the two of them followed Fatty Wang into the factory. As soon as they entered, Li Mu was shocked by the scene in front of him. There were dozens of luxury cars parked in this spacious arched factory. There were countless of them, from Ferraris to Lamborghinis to Bentleys and Rolls-Royces. Dozens of luxury cars were parked here. The market price was at least two hundred million, and the lighting in the factory was very good, so every car looked even more dazzling here.

Li Mu didn't know until today that there was such a large-scale luxury car importer in China in 2002. According to Fatty Wang, Cai Zhengmao didn't care about opening a shop and didn't do any advertising. However, he didn't have to worry about not being able to sell his cars. Every time someone wanted to book a car from him, they would have to queue up. If the car was ordinary or the price was low, he wouldn't even care about it.

The G55 that Li Mu ordered this time was a relatively ordinary deal for Cai Zhengmao. He rarely made all the cars in the Benz series except for the AMG series. The reason was very simple. In his eyes, Benz was a relatively low brand. He only made sports cars or super luxury cars. Benz's AMG could barely be considered as a super luxury car.

After a short moment of surprise, Li Mu found his silver G55 in the dazzling variety of luxury cars. The silver G55 had a strong metal texture. It had just been waxed. Together with the lighting facilities in the factory, the car was dazzling.

The G55 was originally bigger than other sports cars and super luxury cars. Moreover, its retro style was very recognizable. The square shape, the domineering front face, and the Benz logo were simply a work of art in Li Mu's eyes.

Although this car was relatively popular in China in the later years, it was not as common as the Land Rover Range Rover. It was also one of the Dream-Cars that Li Mu liked. Now, it was quietly parked in front of him, waiting for him to drive it. It was a wonderful feeling.

Li Mu opened the G55's extraordinarily heavy door. It could be seen that the car's glass was much thicker than the ordinary cars. At this time, Li Mu remembered that this car was actually a modified bulletproof car. Not only the window, but the entire car should have been strengthened and modified.

Sitting in the driver's seat of the G55, the high body of the off-road vehicle gave him an unusual high field of vision. It suddenly felt a lot more open. The simple interior was also in line with Li Mu's personal aesthetic standards.

The car key was inserted into the keyhole. Li Mu rolled down the window and shouted to Fatty Wang, "Old Wang, is it okay for me to drive it out?"

Fatty Wang said, "Damn, it's your own car. It's okay for you to drive it out!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Alright, I will try it out first." After that, Li Mu waved to Zhao Kang, "Zhao Kang, come and feel it!"

As soon as Zhao Kang came in and saw the car, he couldn't hold back his excitement. As soon as Li Mu called him, he immediately ran to the passenger seat, opened the door and sat in. After sitting in, he began to look around and touch the car, looking surprised.

At this time, Cai Zhengmao came to Fatty Wang and asked him in a low voice, "Is the guy in the driver's seat the guy you were talking about?"

Fatty Wang nodded his head.

Cai Zhengmao frowned and thought, "He doesn't look like a bad * ss. On the contrary, he is impatient when he saw the G55. He is a bit inexperienced."

However, if such a young guy could buy a G55, his family should be a bit powerful. Is he the second generation of a big family in Yanjing?

So, Cai Zhengmao asked Fatty Wang, "Who is this guy?

Which family is he from? "

Fatty Wang shook his head and said, "No, he is not a second generation. He has opened a few companies."

Cai Zhengmao was even more surprised, "Open a company?

Start your own business? "

"Yes, he started it from scratch."

Cai Zhengmao looked at Li Mu who had started the G55 and was slowly driving out of the factory. He said to Fatty Wang, "Not bad. He is so young and he can buy a car that is worth more than 3 million yuan. It is a bit interesting."

Fatty Wang nodded and praised as if he was talking to himself, "It's more than a little interesting."

Cai Zhengmao held his chin with one hand and asked, "How long has this guy started his business?"

Fatty Wang thought for a moment and said, "It should be less than a year."

"Less than a year?"

Cai Zhengmao frowned, "He started it from scratch in Yanjing. How much money can he make in less than a year?

He dared to spend more than 3 million yuan on a car. Isn't it a bit too much? "

Fatty Wang snorted and said, "He is too much?

To be honest, he is probably the most low-key billionaire I have ever seen. "

"Billionaire?" Cai Zhengmao was surprised and asked, "Which industry is he in?

What is the name of the company? "

Fatty Wang said, "It is in the Internet industry. There are a few companies. I don't know which ones, but I remember one."

"What is it?"

"Makino Technology."

"Makino Technology?

It sounds very familiar. "

"It is the Happy Farm. Didn't you play it?"