Chapter 752

At ten in the morning the next day, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong met Wu Haijun and his assistant at Makino Technology, as well as the lawyer who had rushed over from Shenzhen last night.

From last night until this morning, Wu Haijun had received written authorizations from all the shareholders. This time, he would represent the entire Shenzhou to discuss the partnership with Li Mu regarding Makino Technology's shares.

Li Mu had given Wu Haijun almost no leeway. Hence, when he met with Li Mu, he directly revealed his intentions.

"Li Zong, all the shareholders have come to an agreement. We are willing to accept your proposal."

"Good!"

Li Mu clapped his hands. He did not expect Wu Haijun to be so direct. He said directly, "Since that's the case, let's sign the contract today."

Wu Haijun looked at the lawyer and said, "After all, this is a major change in shares. It needs to be confirmed at the industrial and commercial level and the legal level. Moreover, the details of the contract need time. Isn't it a little too hasty to sign the contract today?"

Li Mu said, "The change in shares does require a process, but we can sign a legally binding contract first. The terms of our partnership will be clearly stated in the contract. I want to use 72 million cash and channels to exchange for 40% of Shenzhou's shares. Hence, in the contract, both parties agree that Shenzhou is valued at 180 million. Then, I will pay 72 million to Shenzhou in advance. Shenzhou has to cooperate with Makino Technology to complete the registration of the change in shares within 30 working days. If Shenzhou breaks the contract, we have the right to buy 100% of Shenzhou's shares for 180 million."

Wu Haijun was shocked. Li Mu was too ruthless. He was only willing to admit that Shenzhou was valued at 180 million in the contract. This meant that, legally, he had bought 40% of Shenzhou's shares for 72 million cash. But what about the channels and resources you promised me?

You have to show it in the contract, right?

Otherwise, if you are just saying it and do not fulfill your promise, won't I be screwed?

Also, you are afraid that I will go back on my word and come up with a clause that allows me to buy 100% of the shares. I am afraid that you will go back on your word. You have to give me some guarantee, Big Brother.

Therefore, Wu Haijun asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, if this is the case, how will the channels and resources be reflected in the contract?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "President Wu, we want to move the entire home PC market. If you believe what I said to you yesterday, you will understand that I will definitely do it, and I will try my best to do it. However, this kind of cooperation in terms of resources and channels can't be specifically quantified. How do you want me to reflect it in the contract?"

Wu Haijun smacked his lips. "Li Zong, you have to give me a guarantee. Otherwise …"

Wu Haijun did not continue, but his anxious expression reflected the worry in his heart. He wanted to get on board with Li Mu, but he also needed Li Mu to give him enough guarantee. Otherwise, he was really afraid that he would suffer a double loss in the end.

The main reason why Li Mu wanted to sign the contract today was because he wanted to accept the interview with Central TV tomorrow. During the interview, he could use Makino Technology, Taobao website, and the influence of Central TV to prop up the Shenzhou brand. However, before he did all this, he had to ensure that Shenzhou was willing to get on board and would not play any tricks with him. Otherwise, if he managed to prop up the Shenzhou brand and the shares had not changed, what if Shenzhou suddenly went back on its word?

Therefore, Li Mu wanted him to sign the contract today according to his request. Once the contract was signed, Makino Technology would pay the money. Even if the change of the shares still needed time, the possibility of Shenzhou going back on his word would be completely eliminated. Then, he could rest assured to prop up the Shenzhou brand when he accepted the interview.

However, Wu Haijun's worry was understandable. Both parties were a little suspicious and guarded against each other. He wanted an absolute guarantee, and so did Wu Haijun.

After thinking for a moment, Li Mu decided that since Wu Haijun wanted a guarantee, he would give him one.

Immediately, Li Mu said, "How about this, Chief Wu? We will sign two contracts today. The first one is what I said just now, and this cannot be changed. The second one, I will sign an order agreement with Shenzhou in the name of Makino Technology. In the next year, I will order 500,000 PCs from you. These 500,000 PCs will be named 'Shenzhou Muye Series'. As the hardware updates are faster and the price is not stable, I promise to leave at least 5% of the profit margin for these 500,000 PCs."

Once Li Mu said this, Wu Haijun's heart immediately felt much more at ease.

Li Mu wasn't willing to put his resources and distribution channels into the contract, but he was willing to order 500,000 PCs from the Divine Boat. That gave him a lot of assurance. The Divine Boat should be able to sell less than 200,000 PCs this year. In the future, he would be able to purchase 500,000 PCs. It could be said that just Li Mu's distribution channel alone would allow the Divine Boat's sales to double. Although the 5% profit margin was a little small, overall, the profits were still very considerable.

For 500,000 PCs a year, Li Mu was very confident that he could sell them. The Shenzhou computers were originally very cheap. In addition, he did not need to earn money from the distribution channel and could directly sell the computers at a low price. Just like Mango-ME, the distribution speed would be very fast. By then, even 500,000 PCs might not be enough to sell. The real test would probably be the Shenzhou's production capacity.

Seeing that Wu Haijun heaved a sigh of relief, Li Mu continued, "I will not pay you in advance for these 500,000 PCs. If you supply the Shenzhou computers to me in units of '10,000', I will enjoy a 60-day accounting period. Within 60 days, I will also pay you in units of '10,000'. Within a year, under the condition that you have sufficient production capacity, if I do not purchase 500,000 PCs, I will compensate you with 20% of the Shenzhou shares. However, if you do not have sufficient production capacity, you cannot blame me. The agreement will automatically be void."

This time, Wu Haijun completely heaved a sigh of relief. He was really afraid that Li Mu would suddenly say, "If you do not have sufficient production capacity, you will have to compensate me with 20% of the Shenzhou shares. If that happened, Li Mu would not be giving him a guaranteed contract. Instead, he would be making a bet with him.

With the guarantee of 500,000 PCs a year, Wu Haijun was no longer worried that Li Mu would not invest in the resources and distribution channels. Hence, after this was settled, he had no more worries. Immediately, he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I have no other requests!

You can sign the contract anytime. "

After that, Li Mu immediately asked the lawyers of both parties to quickly draft up two contracts based on the two core points that they had just discussed. After the lawyers confirmed that there were no problems with the contracts, Wu Haijun very readily signed his name on the two contracts. Li Mu did not delay at all. With a flourish of his pen, he wrote down his signature.

After the two contracts were signed, Li Mu immediately asked the finance department to transfer 72 million yuan to Shenzhou. After this sum of money was paid, the contract regarding the shares would officially take effect. Even if the change in the shares could not be completed in a short period of time, Li Mu did not have to worry about Shenzhou going back on its words.

At this moment, Wu Haijun's feelings were a little complicated. He was like a gambler who had just placed a huge bet. He was full of anticipation and a little worried. This was also human nature.

Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to keep the contracts properly. Then, he shook hands with Wu Haijun. This directly gave Wu Haijun, who was feeling a sense of loss, a shot in the arm.

"Chief Wu, you should know that I have never announced to the public that I am the founder of Makino Technology and Taobao, right?"

Wu Haijun nodded profusely. "I have heard of it. You prefer to keep a low profile. I personally understand that."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "However, I will be accepting an exclusive interview with Central TV in the next two days. At that time, I will officially reveal my two identities. At the same time, I will also make use of Central TV's channels to announce to the public that in order to promote the development of Hua Xia's Internet, Makino Technology and Shenzhou have reached an exclusive strategic partnership. We will jointly introduce the cheapest home PC model in history and authorize Taobao to sell it exclusively …"

When Wu Haijun heard this, his brain instantly felt a little short of oxygen. He was so excited that he almost roared!

No wonder Li Mu had insisted on signing the contract today. It was because of this!

He had been on tenterhooks just now. But now, he felt that Li Mu's ticket was indeed very expensive!

But it was indeed very worth it!

It wasn't very worth it. It was f * * king worth it!

If Li Mu really accepted the interview with Central TV and announced his identity, he would definitely become the godfather of Hua Xia's Internet industry. Just his personal influence on society and the driving force of the Internet in society would probably be shocking. Not to mention that he would mention the partnership with Shenzhou in front of Central TV's cameras. For the Shenzhou brand, it would be like ascending to the heavens in a single step!

At the thought of this, Wu Haijun's heart was beating wildly. At the same time, he was extremely glad that he did not reject Li Mu and did not miss out on this opportunity from Li Mu. Otherwise, he would definitely slap himself in the face. To mortals, this opportunity was either to become immortal or to become a ghost!

If Li Mu were to adopt this kind of partnership with other brands, the future of Shenzhou would be so bleak that it was unimaginable!

At this moment, Li Mu looked at the red-faced Wu Haijun and said, "When Chief Wu goes back, there are a few things that you need to do immediately."

Wu Haijun trembled and said, "Li Zong, please give me your instructions."

"It's not an order." Li Mu smiled and said,

Second, after the broadcast of the interview with Central TV, immediately meet with all the hardware suppliers to lower the price and reduce the cost of the entire machine to the lowest. However, we cannot sacrifice product quality or assembly skills.

Second, after the broadcast of the interview with Central TV, immediately meet with all the hardware suppliers to lower the price and reduce the cost of the entire machine to the lowest. However, we cannot sacrifice product quality and assembly skills.

Third, time is limited. We cannot design a custom-made machine immediately. Therefore, for the first batch of custom-made Makino Technology machines, we will use your existing Pentium 4 computer as the main body. However, you will need to order special stickers from the trademark manufacturers. I want the external packaging, the display, and the main computer case to have an obvious logo. As for the product series that we will be collaborating on, it will all start with M, followed by a number. For example, the first custom-made model will be M100. No matter what model Shenzhou produces in the future, you cannot use M as the first letter of the model.

Fourth, I will arrange for professional industrial designers to communicate with you. The subsequent design of the entire M series computer must all be approved by me. "