Chapter 423

"F * ck your mother!"

The young man didn't wait for Zhang Juan to finish speaking and slapped her face again. This time, the force was even fiercer than before, and Zhang Juan's cries stopped abruptly.

Before anyone could react, the young man was no longer in the mood to continue fighting. He turned around and left the crowd, disappearing without a trace. Zhang Juan was left sitting on the ground, completely dumbfounded.

The onlookers who knew what had happened didn't have the slightest bit of sympathy for Zhang Juan, who had been slapped twice. The onlookers of the National People's Congress were happy and gradually dispersed, leaving behind a small group of people who were pointing at Zhang Juan and gloating at her misfortune.

Zhang Juan's heart was going crazy. She crawled up and took out her phone to call Zhan Yun. The moment she opened her mouth, she cried, "Hubby, I'm about to be beaten to death. You have to avenge me!"

At this time, Zhan Yun was already preparing to get off work and leave.

Ma Weiwei had already left work an hour ago, saying that she was going to the supermarket to buy groceries and red wine. She was going to prepare a sumptuous candlelit dinner for him that night. Just a moment ago, Ma Weiwei had texted him that she had bought a Japanese maid costume from a cosplay shop. She was going to wear it to cook dinner for him tonight.

Ever since he had experienced the extraordinary joy of wearing a nurse costume, Zhan Yun couldn't forget it. Originally, he had planned to let Ma Weiwei wear that nurse costume today, but he didn't expect that Ma Weiwei would take the initiative to buy a Japanese maid costume. That kind of costume was extremely revealing in Japanese movies, and just thinking about it made him feel like he was in control.

Zhan Yun couldn't wait any longer. He couldn't wait to fly to Ma Weiwei's house and experience what it was like to be a sexy maid. Unexpectedly, just as he stepped out of the office, he received a call from his wife crying.

Zhan Yun's eyebrows were knitted together. He knew that his wife always liked to exaggerate. Whenever she fell while walking, she would tell him that she almost died. So he didn't take it seriously when she said that she was about to be beaten to death. He just asked her, "What's wrong now?"

Zhang Juan cried, "I was beaten up in the market!"

Zhan Yun blurted out, "Why were you beaten up again? What did you do?"

Zhan Yun knew Zhang Juan's character very well. He had told her many times to keep a low profile. Although she always promised, she would show her true colors when she went out. The incident in the morning sounded like a very minor scratching incident, but she insisted on being a sharp-tongued person and often scolded people. She deserved to be kicked. This time, she must have quarreled with someone in the vegetable market again.

When Zhang Juan heard that her husband's tone seemed to be questioning her, she suddenly felt wronged. She sat on the ground and shouted at the top of her lungs, "I was beaten up when I was buying vegetables in the market!

You're asking me what I did?

Do you still care whether I live or die? "

Zhan Yun then asked her patiently, "Who hit you?

How did you do it? "

"I don't know where this little b * stard came from. I didn't do anything to him or provoke him when I bought a rib. Not only did he rush out to scold me, he even hit me. Hurry up and come over. If you don't come, I'll die here!"

Zhan Yun hurriedly said, "Then hurry up and call the police!

Don't let that kid run away! "

Zhang Juan said, "He already ran away!

Hurry up and come over. I'll call the police right now! "

Zhan Yun was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. He had no choice but to ask for the address and then drove to the vegetable market where the incident happened. At the same time, he called Ma Weiwei and said that something had happened to his wife, and he had to go over to deal with it first.

Ma Weiwei didn't care about it and said, "It's okay. I just finished buying vegetables. It'll take a while for me to go back and prepare. I'll wait for you when I get back. Just be home before 7: 30."

Zhan Yun breathed a sigh of relief and said, "You're the best. Wait for me!"

After that, he hung up the phone and drove straight to the vegetable market.

When he arrived, the police were already there. They were the same police who had filed a case for Zhang Juan in the morning. They never dreamed that this woman would cause trouble again.

The police wanted to take Zhang Juan back to record a statement and file a case, but Zhang Juan just sat on the ground in front of the meat stall and refused to get up. One moment, she cried and scolded the world for not having the law. The next moment, she cried and scolded the people for being too indifferent. The next moment, she cried and scolded the police for being useless.

Zhan Yun rushed to the scene and almost vomited blood when he saw this scene.

Looking at Zhang Juan's spirit of throwing a tantrum and rolling on the street, how could it be a big deal? At most, her face was a little red and swollen. There was nothing else wrong with her. It looked like she had been slapped a few times.

Zhan Yun walked up to her and braced himself to say to Zhang Juan, "Why are you sitting here?

What are you talking about? Hurry up and get up! "

Zhang Juan heard a familiar voice. When she looked up and saw that it was her husband, she instantly burst into tears. She hugged Zhan Yun's thigh and wailed, "Hubby, you're finally here. I'm about to be bullied to death!

I don't even have the face to live anymore! "

Zhan Yun really couldn't keep his face from being surrounded by so many people. He said in a low voice, "Get up first. Pay attention to your image!"

Zhang Juan had waited for him with great difficulty. She wanted to vent her anger and win his love and love, but Zhan Yun didn't show any love for her at all. This made Zhang Juan's heart turn cold. She said unhappily, "Pay attention to what image?

Why don't you ask me if I'm okay first!

I was beaten up! "

Zhan Yun suppressed his anger and squatted down. He gritted his teeth and reminded Zhang Juan in her ear, "If you want to throw a tantrum, go home. Pay attention to your image here!

If someone recognizes me, what will I look like when I wear this out! "

Zhang Juan knew Zhan Yun very well. Seeing that he spoke very seriously, she knew that she had to restrain herself. In public, her husband was the leader of the television tower, so she really had to pay attention to her image.

Zhang Juan patted her butt and stood up. Her hands were still holding onto Zhan Yun's arm with a wronged expression. Zhan Yun let out a sigh of relief and asked one of the uniformed policemen beside him, "Comrade Policeman, what's going on?"

One of the older policemen had already recognized him. He nervously stretched out his hands and said, "You are Zhan Yun …"

When Zhan Yun saw that the other party had recognized him, he hurriedly shook hands with him before he could say the words "Zhan Yun" and said, "Comrade Policeman, you should tell me what happened."

When they shook hands, Zhan Yun's fingers exerted a little force on the other party's palm. The other party instantly understood and knew that he didn't want to reveal his identity, so he hurriedly cleared his throat and said, "It's like this. Ms. Zhang was buying ribs here. Because of some small matters, she had some arguments with the stall owner. In the end, she reached an agreement with the stall owner. After paying, a young man suddenly appeared. He first insulted Ms. Zhang, then slapped her twice, and then ran away. We were preparing to take Ms. Zhang back to file a case and quickly dispatch the police to investigate."

Zhan Yun asked Zhang Juan, "Why did you quarrel with someone when you were buying ribs?"

Zhang Juan retorted, "He forced her to buy and sell, and even increased the price at the last minute!"

The stall owner, who had been silent all this time, became anxious and blurted out, "Female comrade, you can't slander me!

You came to buy my ribs. When you asked for the price, I clearly told you that it was seven and a half yuan per catty. You said you wanted three ribs, and I weighed and chopped them for you. You told me that you didn't want the two ends and only wanted the middle rib, and you still wanted me to sell it to you for seven and a half yuan per catty. What kind of logic is this?

Let everyone be the judge. Is there anyone who buys things like this? "

As soon as the stall owner said that, Zhan Yun completely lost his composure.

F * ck, he earned at least a million yuan a year. This b * tch actually took advantage of others in the market and did such a disgusting thing. How much money could she save?

Was eight or ten yuan even a problem?

She was simply despicable!

At this time, some of the onlookers also echoed, "That's right. This woman is shameless, and she still insists that the boss forced her to buy and sell. That young man just wanted to reason with her, but she ended up cursing others. She deserved to be slapped in the face!"

Zhang Juan was angry. She pointed at the woman who was about the same age as her and scolded, "F * ck, who are you calling shameless?

What the f * ck does it have to do with you? "

Zhang Juan was not cultured to begin with, and her character was poor. She was a person who could not take a loss. In her mind, if she suffered a loss, she would take it back on the spot. If she was scolded, she would scold back twice as much. Therefore, she did not even consider that Zhan Yun was also beside her. She directly put her hands on her waist and was about to start scolding the other party.

At this time, the onlookers pointed at her and began to scold her. Some said that she deserved to be beaten, while others said that she was too light. It was not an exaggeration to say that her mouth was so vile.

Zhang Juan's anger surged, and she almost wanted to fight with the crowd. She shouted at the top of her lungs, "F * ck you all …"

Before she could finish, Zhan Yun, who had an extremely ugly expression, slapped Zhang Juan's face and angrily rebuked, "Are you done?!

Go home and don't make a f * cking fool of yourself outside! "

Zhang Juan felt that she had suffered so many grievances today. She had never expected that her husband would hit her. She suddenly burst into tears and was about to sit on the ground and make a scene. Zhan Yun gritted his teeth and threatened her fiercely in her ear, "Zhang Juan, I tell you, if you don't stop being a shrew and make trouble for me outside, let's get a divorce as soon as possible. I can't afford to lose my face. After the divorce, I don't care where you go to make a scene!"

Zhan Yun was really angry. He had always looked down on a woman like Zhang Juan. She had no looks, no education, and no quality. She was just an ignorant and incompetent woman. If it weren't for her father being a small leader in the TV station, how could he have married her?

Although Zhang Juan felt wronged and was about to explode, when she saw that Zhan Yun was really angry, she could only suppress her emotions and nod with tears in her eyes.

Zhan Yun took Zhang Juan's hand and was about to walk out. The policeman behind them asked, "Zhan … Well, Ms. Zhang, do you still want to go with us to make a statement?"

Zhan Yun answered on her behalf, "No, you can go back."

After dragging Zhang Juan out of the market, Zhan Yun asked her, "How did you get here?"

Zhang Juan pointed at her small motorcycle not far away and said nothing.

Zhan Yun asked her, "Can you still ride a bike?"

Zhang Juan shook her head.

Zhan Yun looked at the time again and said, "Our son should be out of school by now, right?"

Zhang Juan nodded.

Zhan Yun sighed and said, "Get in the car. We'll pick up our son first, and then I'll take you two home. I have a social engagement tonight!"

Zhang Juan didn't dare to say anything. She nodded and sat in the front passenger seat without saying a word.

Zhan Yun started the car and drove straight to his son's school. Zhang Juan had bothered him so many times today and even delayed his business, which made him furious. Right now, aside from his anger towards Zhang Juan, the only thing left in his mind was the image of Ma Weiwei in the maid costume. He just wanted to pick up his son as soon as possible and send this troublesome woman home. Then, he would be able to find Ma Weiwei with peace of mind and have sex with her.

After picking up the child and sending them home, it was almost seven o 'clock. Logically speaking, there should be enough time, but Zhan Yun didn't even go upstairs. He let them get out of the car at the gate of the community and hurriedly drove to the community where Ma Weiwei lived.

Although Zhang Juan didn't say anything along the way, the more she thought about it, the angrier and more wronged she became. When she brought her son home, she didn't even have the mood to cook. It wasn't until her son kept complaining that he was hungry that she went to the kitchen in annoyance. Only then did she realize that she had gone to the market twice today, but she didn't even buy a single vegetable leaf. She had already forgotten about the vegetables and ribs she bought in the afternoon.

Zhang Juan had no choice but to cook two packets of instant noodles. When the noodles were almost done, she suddenly heard someone knocking on the door. She hurriedly walked out of the kitchen and went straight to the door.

When she opened the door, there was no one outside except for a pile of burning newspapers on the ground. She didn't know which wicked person had played a prank on her, but fortunately, the fire wasn't big and didn't spread to the whole pile of newspapers. Zhang Juan subconsciously stepped on the flames with her foot, and with a puff, a pile of soft things splashed out from the soles of her shoes, covering her legs, the door, and the wall.

The stench instantly rose, and only then did Zhang Juan realize that what she had stepped on was actually sh * t …

Zhang Juan jumped up and cursed, using almost all the swear words she knew. When the neighbors came out to see, they couldn't maintain their poise and cursed along with her. As they cursed, they cleaned up the splattered sh * t.

After finally cleaning up the sh * t at the door, Zhang Juan returned to the bathroom to take a shower. She washed her legs no less than five times.

After the shower, she instinctively called Zhan Yun to complain. At this time, Zhan Yun had already arrived at Ma Weiwei's house. The two of them had just finished the candlelit dinner that Ma Weiwei, who was wearing a maid's costume, had meticulously prepared. Zhan Yun, who was already hungry and thirsty, was about to fight Ma Weiwei in the dining room when his phone rang, startling him. He had no choice but to stop and take out his phone from his pants. When he saw that it was Zhang Juan again, he almost died of anger.

It was the fourth time!

Was this b * tch still haunting him today?!

The furious Zhan Yun picked up the phone and cursed, "Zhang Juan, are you f * cking crazy?

Are you done?

Don't you know that I'm busy? "

Zhang Juan said aggrievedly, "Hubby, someone left a pile of sh * t in front of our house …"

Zhan Yun didn't even think about why someone would leave a pile of sh * t in front of their house. He just cursed hysterically, "Why the f * ck would you call me when there's a pile of sh * t?

You can't even deal with a pile of sh * t?

I'm f * cking busy, I don't have time to talk nonsense with you! "

With that, Zhan Yun turned off his phone.

Zhang Juan was also hysterical. What the f * ck is going on?!

What's wrong with today?!

This was the darkest day of her life in the forty years she had lived!

She had never encountered such a bad day in her life. Why did everything go against her?

At this moment, in a car at the entrance of the neighborhood, one of Xu Jianjun's men was holding a thick kraft paper folder. He used a walkie-talkie to ask, "Boss, when do I send this up?"