Chapter 361

Although Wang Xinran had only met Li Mu once, she had a deep impression of him. She could recognize him at a glance. Wang Xinran couldn't help but be curious. Why would her sister's boyfriend appear in a sausage scene?

And looking at him, he seemed to be the director.

This made Wang Xinran a little confused. At this time, several friends around her were staring at Zhang Kexuan without blinking, but Wang Xinran never moved her eyes away from Zhang Kexuan.

At this time, a classmate of Wang Xinran's who had a good relationship with her said, "Let's wait until they finish filming or take a break, then go in and ask Zhang Kexuan for an autograph!"

The others all nodded. Only Wang Xinran looked at the scene in the restaurant very seriously. Although the scene formed by the six men was a little terrible, after Wang Xinran roughly understood the plot and then watched the performance of the six people, she felt that these people were really professional and had a certain level of skill.

As the last scene was shot, Li Mu shouted, "Cut!"

Then, he happily announced, "We've finished shooting all the scenes for today. 'Old Boys' is finally done!"

The staff applauded, and the actors also relaxed from their performance. Ning Hao at this time said, "Let's quickly put away the equipment and props. The restaurant owner will serve us the food soon. We can have dinner here directly."

The staff immediately began to dismantle the equipment. A few waiters quickly came out to clean up the actors' dining table. Plates of lamb scorpion hot pot were prepared.

Zhang Kexuan came in front of Li Mu and asked with a smile, "How big of a grudge does God Ji have against you?

You played him like this. "

Li Mu smiled slightly. "I just don't like the young owner of this winery."

Zhang Kexuan nodded. He didn't ask in detail what was going on. He just asked casually, "When are you going home?"

Li Mu said, "I'll be back in two days. What about you?"

Zhang Kexuan said, "I'll wait for another two or three days. I'll go back after I'm done here. I still have to come back before the new year."

Li Mu said, "You guys definitely haven't left before I leave. Let's have dinner together then. Call Sister Wan."

"Sure."

Zhang Kexuan agreed without hesitation. Just when he was about to speak, a crew member ran over and said, "Director Li, Kexuan, there are a few girls outside asking for an autograph …"

Zhang Kexuan looked outside the door and saw that there were indeed a few girls standing at the door. They were very sensible and didn't go inside. They all looked expectant. Zhang Kexuan waved to the girls and said, "Let them in."

When the girls saw Zhang Kexuan waving to them, they immediately ran in happily. Wang Xinran also came in and pretended to look around curiously. She didn't surround Zhang Kexuan like the other girls did. Instead, she came to Li Mu as if nothing had happened. She pointed at the staff who were collecting the equipment and asked curiously, "Director, what are you shooting?"

Li Mu glanced at the girl who was talking to him. She was very pretty, and her eyes were moving back and forth on his body. She looked a little mischievous, so he answered with a smile, "We are shooting a micro film."

"What kind of film is it about?" Wang Xinran asked curiously.

Li Mu said, "It's about chasing dreams."

Wang Xinran quickly said, "I'm also an acting student. Can you arrange a role for me?"

Li Mu smiled apologetically and said, "I'm really sorry. We just finished filming tonight."

Wang Xinran said with a disappointed expression, "I see … Then when will the next one be filmed after you finish directing this one?

If there's a suitable role, can you arrange one for me? "

After that, Wang Xinran moved closer to Li Mu's ear and whispered mysteriously, "If you give me a good role, I don't mind sleeping with you."

Li Mu was stunned.

This girl looked like she was only seventeen or eighteen years old. She worked so hard just for a role and asked for sleeping with him?

This girl looked pretty, and she said these words so naturally. It was probably not the first time she had done this.

Li Mu couldn't help but feel that it was a pity that such a good girl had to walk the crooked path. His attitude towards her also became a little stiff. He said expressionlessly, "I'm not a professional director. I won't act in the future."

Wang Xinran saw that Li Mu suddenly became a lot colder, and she was very satisfied with his attitude. If this guy really followed her words and showed special enthusiasm to her, she would make her cousin break up with him no matter what.

Then, Wang Xinran asked Li Mu, "Director, you said you're not a professional. Then what do you do?"

Li Mu said lightly, "I'm a student."

Wang Xinran asked again, "Are you a student of the Film Academy?

Are you a director? "

Li Mu shook his head. "Not from the Film Academy."

At this time, Zhang Kexuan had already signed for several of Wang Xinran's friends. The girls were satisfied and ready to leave. Seeing that Wang Xinran was still chatting with Li Mu, they urged, "Xinran, let's go. We haven't eaten yet."

Wang Xinran nodded and looked at Li Mu with a smile, "Director, I'll leave first. See you again if there's a chance."

Li Mu didn't take it seriously. He said goodbye out of politeness and then didn't say anything more.

After the girls went out, the girls who got Zhang Kexuan's autograph all asked Wang Xinran, "Xinran, why didn't you ask Zhang Kexuan for his autograph? Instead, you went to chat with that director."

Wang Xinran said with a smile, "I think that director is very interesting."

After that, Wang Xinran took out her phone and called Su Yingxue, "Sister, when will you call your boyfriend out? Let's have a meal together?"

Su Yingxue asked her in surprise, "Why do you always come up with something?"

Wang Xinran said, "I just want to get to know my future brother-in-law. Besides, I promised to keep your secret. Why don't you satisfy my wish?"

Su Yingxue said, "He's been very busy recently. He won't have time before the holiday. Why don't you introduce him to you when you go to Haizhou during the New Year?"

…

Li Mu had a meal with the crew. When he was about to go back to Yucheng Garden, he received a call from Chen Ze. Chen Ze asked Li Mu out for a drink. Li Mu thought that he was in a bad mood. After asking, he found out that Dufy had returned from the United States. He was on his way to pick up Dufy. He wanted to invite Dufy to a bar for a drink in the evening. Dufy emphasized that she wanted to see Li Mu, so Chen Ze called Li Mu.

Li Mu had never seen Dufy and had no friendship with her. Moreover, he knew that Chen Ze had pursued Dufy for many years. It was not easy for Dufy to return to China. How could he be the third wheel? So he declined politely and said, "I have something to do tonight. Why don't you two drink alone?"

Chen Ze understood the meaning of Li Mu's words. He smiled and said, "Don't think that you will be the third wheel. Dufy also has an appointment with Lin Lin tonight. Anyway, there is already a third wheel. Why don't you come too? There are two men and two women."