Chapter 809

After the meal, Li Mu asked Dong Ai and Makino Technology's chauffeur to send Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Xiao Fangfang back to the hotel. Then, he drove Lin Ching-ah home.

After sending Lin Ching-ah home, Li Mu was stuck at the door of Lin Ching-ah's house.

He was alone, and he didn't know where to go.

All the schools had not started yet. Not only were Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu not in Yan Jing, but even Zhao Kang was not around. If only Zhao Kang was around, he could ask him out for a drink or two. Then, he could talk to him about using Shenzhou's resources to set up a chain of internet cafes.

At that thought, Li Mu gave Zhao Kang a call. After asking, he found out that Zhao Kang had brought his parents out for a trip. They were now in the South China Sea.

Zhao Kang asked if Li Mu had anything important to deal with. If he had something important to deal with, he could take the plane back tomorrow morning.

Li Mu thought about it. It was rare for him to go out with his parents. Although the chain of internet cafes was important, he couldn't be the only one dealing with it with Zhao Kang. Although Zhao Kang's ability and experience were limited, he was very good at executing. If Li Mu asked him to do it, he would definitely not object. The key was to communicate this matter clearly with Shenzhou's Wu Haijun.

Thus, Li Mu asked Zhao Kang to play in peace and wait for instructions. If he was sure that he wanted him to go back to Yan Jing, he could come back as soon as possible.

Then, Li Mu immediately thought of something. Didn't the Economic and Trade Commission send an invitation to Wu Haijun?

He should be coming to Yan Jing to attend the symposium of the Economic and Trade Commission. If that was the case, he could make an appointment to talk to him.

Li Mu took out his phone and called Wu Haijun. "President Wu, the Economic and Trade Commission invited you to come to Yan Jing for a meeting. When are you going to leave?"

Wu Haijun smiled. "Li Zong, I just got off the plane and am on my way to Yan Jing. I have to report to the Economic and Trade Commission tomorrow afternoon. The symposium will start the day after tomorrow."

Li Mu smiled. "That's a coincidence. How about this? Don't go to the hotel first. I have something important to discuss with you. Ask the driver to come to Zhongguancun and meet me at Makino Technology."

Makino Technology owned 40% of the shares of Shenzhou. It was the second largest shareholder of Shenzhou, only slightly inferior to Wu Haijun. However, Li Mu's attitude was much higher than Wu Haijun's. After all, he had given Wu Haijun an offer to get on the car. When Wu Haijun got on the car, it had already set a tone for the relationship between Shenzhou and Li Mu: Shenzhou was now a company that depended on Li Mu's pyramid to survive and develop.

Because of this, Wu Haijun instinctively had a subordinate's obedience to his superior in front of Li Mu. Therefore, when Li Mu asked him not to go to the hotel at night and go directly to Makino Technology, Wu Haijun agreed without hesitation. He said, "Then, Li Zong, wait for a moment. I'll go over now."

"Okay, see you later."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu was no longer worried about where to go. He stepped on the accelerator and drove straight to Makino Technology.

Makino Technology had long entered a 24-hour working state. Even at night, there was a huge maintenance and monitoring team on duty in the company. Moreover, the supporting administrative staff would also have positions dedicated to the night shift to provide various support services for these people who worked overtime late at night.

When Li Mu arrived at the company, the maintenance team was having supper. Li Mu didn't go straight to the office. Instead, he greeted his colleagues on the night shift and asked about everyone's current work status and progress.

The person in charge of the night shift tonight was Chen Hui, who had rushed over from Shenzhen for love. Li Mu hadn't seen him for a while. Seeing that he had gained a lot of weight, he couldn't help but tease him. "Chen Hui, Zhang Yao has taken good care of you. You're so fair and fat."

Chen Hui scratched his head and smiled. "Li Zong, Zhang Yao said that she thinks I'm too thin. She wants me to gain weight before she's willing to marry me."

Li Mu looked him up and down and smiled. "You were indeed too thin before. You didn't even have a small belly. You really don't live up to your title as an Internet person."

Chen Hui said, "I can't help it, Li Zong. My stomach isn't good. I used to not gain weight no matter how much I ate. It's only recently that I've adjusted."

Li Mu nodded. More than 80% of single Internet people were in a sub-healthy state. They were either fat or thin. The fat ones were basically because of the nature of their work, such as sedentary. The thin ones were basically because of their work, such as eating unstable food and eating too much junk food, which led to some gastrointestinal problems.

From the looks of it, after Lin Ching-ah rented a suitable office building, she must definitely set up a staff cafeteria and gym in the company. She didn't want all the male coders to look as thin as bamboo, big and round, or with loose hair.

Li Mu asked Chen Hui, "When are you getting married? Have you set it up?"

Chen Hui said, "We'll go home to get our marriage certificate at the end of the month. We'll have a banquet on National Day."

Li Mu asked, "Where will the banquet be held on National Day?"

Chen Hui said, "My hometown."

Li Mu nodded. "Remember to hold a banquet in Beijing after National Day. Invite me and I'll give you a red packet."

Chen Hui immediately smiled and said, "Alright, Li Zong!

I'll definitely invite you. "

At this moment, the administrative girl on night shift came over and said, "Li Zong, CEO Wu is looking for you."

Li Mu said, "Please come to my office."

After saying that, he said to Chen Hui and the other employees, "Everyone has worked hard on the night shift. I have something to do, so I'll get going first."

…

Wu Haijun's face was covered in dust.

According to him, this evening, he was still inspecting the factory's construction site. After checking the progress, he immediately flew to the airport to Beijing. When he arrived in Beijing, he was on the way into the city in a taxi when he received a call from Li Mu. Then, he immediately rushed over.

After hearing that, Li Mu smiled and said, "You should be busy these days. I told you before that the Divine Boat will soon have a chance to take off. This opportunity will come very soon. If you don't prepare well, when the time comes, this huge industry bonus will all be taken away by others."

When Wu Haijun heard this, he hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, the Economic and Trade Commission just came to your place for an inspection. When they got back, they immediately announced so many preferential policies for Taobao. Then, they invited us computer manufacturers to Beijing for a meeting. This must have something to do with you, right?"

Li Mu nodded without hiding anything. "That's right. This time, the Economic and Trade Commission invited you to Beijing for a meeting because I previously made a request to the higher-ups that is closely related to computer manufacturers like you."

Wu Haijun hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, what is the Economic and Trade Commission up to this time?

Can you reveal it in advance? "

Li Mu said, "I told you before that I want to use Taobao's direct sales model and Taobao's logistics to lower the price of home computers and promote the popularization of home computers. However, my ability is limited, so when the higher-ups came for an inspection, I made a request. I hope that they can formulate a national policy for the government to promote the popularization of home computers and the Internet. It would be best if the government could introduce a 'Computer City' policy. During the policy period, all families who buy home computers will be able to receive a certain amount of cash subsidies."

When Wu Haijun heard this, his heart suddenly beat faster!

Oh my god!

No matter how awesome a company's sales promotion was, it could not be compared to the promotion of a government policy. If the government promoted it and at the same time provided cash subsidies, the attraction and promotion effect on consumers would definitely be extremely strong. It was easy to guess that once this policy was implemented, it would definitely usher in a peak period of home computer purchases.

Wu Haijun looked at Li Mu in shock. He finally understood why Li Mu was so sure and confident in the beginning. It turned out that he really had this ability and this influence. In the entire Internet and computer hardware industry, only he had enough influence to push the government to make such a decision.

Thinking of this, Wu Haijun actually sighed and hammered his thigh with a look of annoyance.

Li Mu asked him, "CEO Wu, why are you sighing?"

Wu Haijun said with a depressed face, "Li Zong, if this policy is implemented in the near future, our production capacity will not be able to increase. Won't all the advantages be taken by other large companies?

You should wait for another six months to make this request to the government. At that time, our production capacity will increase, and I will talk to a few OEM companies. This way, we can ensure that under the stimulation of the government's favorable policy, we will have sufficient market share. "

Li Mu smiled and did not comment on what he said.

Wu Haijun might be an outstanding businessman, but it was undeniable that he only cared about his own interests.

However, what Li Mu wanted was never to rely on the Divine Boat to make money. He wanted to bind the Divine Boat and use his own resources to help the Divine Boat to fight the price war even more brutally. He wanted the Divine Boat to put more pressure on the market and make a bigger impact!

He wanted to force the computer manufacturers to continuously reduce their profit margins. In the end, he wanted to pull down the selling price of the home computers and promote the popularization of home computers and the Internet. This was Li Mu's plan.

With this in mind, it was impossible for Li Mu to wait for the Divine Boat's production capacity to increase before asking the government to come up with a policy. In his heart, the government's favorable policy was more important than anything else. Even if most of the profits from the "Computers in the City" were taken away by Lenovo, it did not matter. As long as the government could promote the popularization of home computers and the Internet, Li Mu would agree wholeheartedly.

Thus, Li Mu said to Wu Haijun, "It doesn't matter if we can't increase the production capacity. This time, the Divine Boat will try its best to maximize the profits. I asked you to come over tonight because I have a bigger project to discuss with you."

Wu Haijun hurriedly said, "Li Zong, what bigger project?"

Li Mu said, "I am interested in opening 500 to 1,000 Internet cafes or even more in the country in the future. What's more, the scale of the Internet cafes will be unified. Each Internet cafe will have at least 100 computers and above."

Wu Haijun was stunned. "You have such a big business. Why are you still thinking about opening Internet cafes …"

Li Mu smiled and did not answer his question. Instead, he asked him, "How many netizens can a home computer cover?"

Wu Haijun was stunned. After a while, he said, "Three?

That's the most. "

Li Mu asked him again, "How many netizens can a home computer cover?"

Wu Haijun was stunned. After a while, he slapped his thigh and said, "Damn!

Li Zong, you are really a genius! "

Li Mu smiled lightly and said, "There's one more thing. In the future, all these Internet cafes will be using Shenzhou's computers. Every Internet cafe will be a Shenzhou experience shop. Every Internet cafe will be a Taobao Network Shenzhou computer flagship store. Every Internet cafe will have specialized maintenance staff to support the local Shenzhou computers. You should be able to understand what this means, right?"

Wu Haijun's legs turned to jelly. Luckily, he was sitting down. If not …

After a while, Wu Haijun tried his best to control his emotions. However, his whole body was still trembling as he said, "Li Zong, you really make me … bow down to you!"

…