Chapter 1558

"The person in charge of 3321 UK?!"

Li Mu's words stunned all the members of the royal family.

Even the Queen felt that it was a little unbelievable.

They didn't expect that Li Mu would give them such a big gift as soon as he showed up. And before that, he took the initiative to give William a "Twitter Big Gift Pack", so that William could really be noticed by the whole world for the first time.

3321 was very well-known around the world, and its recognition was also very high. It was definitely the most recognized charity project in the field of education. If William could become the person in charge of the 3321 UK website and be fully responsible for the operation and promotion of 3321 in the UK, it would be a very strong all-round improvement to his reputation, exposure, and even recognition.

In that case, as long as the British people mentioned 3321 in the future, they would not only think of Li Mu, but also William. The British media would definitely report on William when they reported on 3321. Every British citizen who praised 3321 would also have a good impression of William. This would bring a huge positive impact to him and the entire Windsor family!

The Queen was suddenly excited. She asked Li Mu happily, "Mr. Lee, can William really be the person in charge of 3321 UK website?"

Li Mu nodded and said with certainty, "Why not, Your Majesty? William is very young, so it's easy for him to be recognized by university students. Moreover, he is a member of the royal family. The members of the royal family care about the domestic education issues. Introducing 3321 to solve the financial pressure of some university students, and at the same time, provide more financial help for more students who can't afford to go to university. This will bring William a lot of social recognition. It's much better than sending him to the army as a soldier.

The Queen said in agreement, "On this point, I completely agree with Mr. Lee!

It's really much better than going to the army! "

Li Mu looked at William and said, "We can package this matter well. The news that I was invited to Buckingham Palace today should be announced to the public in the afternoon, right?"

At this time, Charles took over and said, "Mr. Li, according to your request, we are going to release this news after you leave Buckingham Palace."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said with a smile, "If that's the case, we can work together to create a piece of news. The core of the news is: I was invited by William to Buckingham Palace. During the meeting with the royal family, William took the initiative to suggest that he wanted to introduce the 3321 model to the UK to solve the practical problems that the UK is facing in education to a certain extent. I happily agreed to William's request and decided to open the 3321 UK station. I will give William full responsibility for the operation."

When Li Mu said this, the members of the royal family, except for William, all smiled happily.

At this time, Li Mu solemnly said, "When announcing to the public, we must say that William took the initiative to introduce 3321. This will be a very good plus for William. He saw the problem and took the initiative to solve it, so he took the initiative to find me and invite me to Buckingham Palace as a guest. He also waited for the opportunity to make this request. The reason why he did all this is to successfully introduce 3321 to the UK."

The Queen looked at Li Mu with surprise. She expected that Li Mu's style of doing things must be different from his peers, but she did not expect Li Mu to be so thoughtful and generous.

By doing this, Li Mu was almost equivalent to giving away the 3321 UK station on a silver platter to William.

In the eyes of the Queen and the other members of the royal family, Li Mu was simply a mind reader. Just when you felt sleepy, before you could show it, he had already placed the best pillow in front of you. It was extremely considerate.

Moreover, the members of the royal family also knew that 3321 was a very promising and innovative model in the UK. It was not only in line with Hua Xia's national conditions, but also in line with the national conditions of the UK.

Even so, the cost of higher education in the UK had always been a very serious social problem. The UK was the same as the US and even Hua Xia. The government's compulsory education did not cover university education and above.

In fact, there were only a few countries in the world that could provide free university education, and most of them were countries in Northern Europe with a small population and high social welfare.

Not only did the two educational countries, the US and the UK, not provide free higher education, but the cost of higher education was generally higher, often more than 10,000 pounds a year. In these two countries, only a very small number of students could get full scholarships, and there were also very few whose families could easily afford it.

Most college students' families could not afford the high tuition fees, and these students either chose to work part-time or take out student loans. Many students not only had to apply for student loans, but they also had to work part-time at the same time.

Many college students in the UK and the US already owed forty to fifty thousand dollars or even pounds in student loans when they graduated from school. This money had to be slowly repaid after they worked for a few years. If it was medical school or law school, the burden of tuition would be even higher.

With such a situation, the governments of the UK and the US almost never thought of a solution. At this time, a model like 3321 was particularly necessary.

However, even though 3321 had already become famous around the world with the rise of Li Mu, there were almost no people who were really willing to replicate the 3321 model. Before 3321 started working with Harvard, no one in the US had tried to replicate the 3321 model in the US. The main reason was that 3321 model was purely for charity. Not only did all the funds have to be transparent and open, but all the net profits had to be invested in education and charity. Therefore, no one was willing to develop, promote, or implement this model.

The entire product support of 3321 was actually a complete set of C2C online shopping malls. It was no different from Taobao. Not only did it need a front desk, but it also needed a seller and buyer backend. At the same time, it needed to be embedded with payment functions and various other functions and algorithms. More importantly, the entire solution must be extremely stable. In the absence of open source code, the cost of independent development was very high, and the cost of maintenance was also very high.

No one would be willing to spend a few million dollars and a few months on the basic framework of a charity project. For those who were willing to do charity, instead of spending so much effort on preparatory work and investing a lot of energy in the later stages of operations, it would be easier to just donate a few million and save a lot of trouble.

And those Internet companies with technical strength did not dare to easily try the 3321 model. This was because although 3321 did not apply for any patent protection, it was, after all, an original project of Li Mu and Makino Technology. If they just copied it, there would be a certain negative impact on the company's image. If it was a profitable product, they could bite the bullet and copy it. However, it was a product that was not profitable, and even required a lot of money and energy. In this case, no one was willing to copy it.

For Li Mu, exporting 3321 to the overseas market was already a piece of cake. All he needed to do was bring out the signboard of 3321 and bring out the complete set of solutions that 3321 had already developed. Then, he would be able to build a new branch of 3321 in a very short period of time. For example, if he wanted to start the 3321 UK branch, he only needed to open up this secondary domain name and then put in the English version of 3321. Then, he would need to input the information of the cities, counties, and universities in the UK. Then, he would be able to open it to the students and parents of primary and secondary school students in the UK.

However, 3321 was not a simple e-commerce model, but an O2O model. Buyers and sellers did not trade goods on the platform, but an offline service. Therefore, on the premise that the platform provided online support, additional offline support and supervision were needed. Tens of thousands of students and parents in the UK were using 3321, but there was not a single staff in the UK. In this case, if there were any offline problems, it would be difficult to solve in time. Therefore, Li Mu had not been in a hurry to expand 3321 to more countries. The only country that he expanded to was the United States. It was only under the strong request of Harvard that he was willing to cooperate with them, and all the operations and offline support of the United States market were handed over to Harvard.

Now, he wanted to export a complete set of mature products like 3321 and the charity model to the UK. He also needed capable and powerful individuals or companies in the UK to cooperate with him. William was a very good choice.

…

When the Queen thought that William would become the Crown Prince who would take the initiative to introduce 3321 to the UK, she was indescribably happy.

Holding Li Mu's hand, the Queen sighed from the bottom of her heart. "Mr Li, thank you very much for your generosity, and thank you very much for taking care of William. If you need any help from the Windsor family in the future, please be sure to tell me or William."

For the Queen, although her status and symbolic significance were very high, her power was almost completely weakened. Even in front of the young man, Li Mu, she still had some confidence. She was afraid that the Windsor family would not have anything that Li Mu would like. If everyone could not help each other, and the Windsor family unilaterally sought help from Li Mu, such a relationship would not last long. Therefore, after Li Mu was willing to help William, she also hoped that the Windsor family could do something for Li Mu. Courtesy demanded reciprocity.

Li Mu also knew this, so he said to the Queen, "Thank you for your concern, Your Majesty. Speaking of help, I really do have something that I hope to get help from the Windsor family. I have just obtained the ownership of the Manchester City Football Club. In the future, I hope to be able to engage in in-depth management and layout of the football field in the UK. Regarding this matter, on the one hand, I hope to be able to get the goodwill of the British people, and on the other hand, I also hope to be able to provide a good development environment for the Hua Xia players. Therefore, in the future, I may also need certain public support from you and other members of the royal family, including the issue of the future Hua Xia players' work permits."