Chapter 1105

Li Mu sent Wei Lan to a community called Vanke Royal View in Shenzhen. He stopped the car at the entrance of the community. After watching Wei Lan get off the car and walk into the community, he drove away and rushed to his residence.

The name of Vanke Royal View was the name of the community that she quietly texted a friend in Shanghai while she was eating and asked her to help her search it on the Internet.

Wei Lan immediately told Li Mu the address of the community, which was barely a lie for the time being.

Getting off from Li Mu's car, Wei Lan, who was in a low mood, wandered around Vanke Royal View for 20 minutes before she turned out from another gate of the community. As soon as she went out, she stopped a taxi and asked the driver to take her to a star hotel in Shenzhen.

Dragging her exhausted body to the hotel room, the first thing Wei Lan did was to sit down on the sofa in the outer room and turn on the TV.

It's already past six o 'clock in the afternoon. The report on Li Mu and the launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics, after the first wave of peak at noon, has entered the second round of peak.

Before the major TV stations broadcast the news, they basically have their own news programs, so almost every station can see the report on Li Mu and Taobao Logistics. Wei Lan subconsciously turned on Xiangnan Satellite TV. Although she knew that it must be Chen Wan who came to Xiangnan Satellite TV to interview Li Mu, she still wanted to confirm it.

After waiting for a few minutes, the news about Taobao Logistics appeared on the TV screen. First, the host of the studio gave an overview of Taobao Logistics' automatic sorting system imported from Germany to the National People's Congress, and then switched to the live video.

The picture switched to the scene. First, it excerpted some of the key points of Li Mu's speech at today's launch ceremony, and then the picture switched again to Chen Wan at the scene.

Chen Wan is now the leader of Xiangnan Satellite TV. She is a variety host. It stands to reason that she should not be a guest reporter on the scene, but because it is a live report on Li Mu, the audience does not feel that it is abrupt for Xiangnan Satellite TV to send Chen Wan.

However, Wei Lan was more sure of her speculation. Chen Wan did come to Shenzhen. It seems that her speculation is absolutely not wrong …

Wei Lan was in a particularly depressed mood. She turned off the TV and lay on the sofa. Her mind was full of every little thing that happened between her and Li Mu from their first meeting to the present.

He bought her own villa, sent her to the airport, helped her solve the huge dilemma faced by her family business, invited her to join Wanying Group, and especially rescued her from the hands of the crazy Song Zhilei. These pictures have almost never left her mind for a long time, and the longer these pictures flashed in her mind. And the longer these pictures flashed, the more intense her feelings for Li Mu.

Wei Lan was not in the mood to continue to pay attention to the Mu's Mu's report on Mu. Of Mu. Mu's Mu of Wei to the Wan.

Although the major TV stations edited the live video differently, fortunately, most of the media broadcasted the private goods that Li Mu added at the launch ceremony.

The so-called private goods is Li Mu's view on "purifying the domestic e-commerce environment". The media believes that this is the embodiment of Li Mu's strong sense of social responsibility and industry responsibility. But Li Mu's real idea is to be able to pass an appeal to senior leaders through the media.

Today's Li Mu is different from the Li Mu before he went to the United States.

Before he went to the United States, Li Mu's influence was basically all in Hua Xia. Although there were some inadvertent gains overseas, he himself did not really receive any real attention in the Western society. But after he went to the United States, Li Mu's influence was infinitely magnified through the Western media. Therefore, before and after he went to the United States, Li Mu's influence in the world increased by leaps and bounds. The American media said that he was a world-class youth leader, and this was not false at all. Almost all the young people in the world regarded Li Mu as their idol.

Therefore, this time, Li Mu's launch ceremony of the automatic sorting system in Shenzhen attracted almost all the domestic media, as well as the overseas media that had a station in Hua Xia.

Because Li Mu was now recognized in the world, all of his public statements now had a global influence that could not be ignored.

After disappearing for so many days, Li Mu returned to the eyes of the media and the public for the first time. This matter itself attracted a lot of attention. Therefore, the private information that Li Mu included in today's speech soon had a huge impact on the senior leaders.

Originally, the senior leaders did not immediately plan to legislate against e-commerce sales. This was because of many historical problems. Although the senior leaders had received Li Mu's earnest request in this regard before, they believed that e-commerce was a supplement and extension of the real economy, so it was necessary to respect the current situation of the domestic real economy.

At present, the domestic real economy was rising. At this time, from a general perspective, the senior leaders hoped that the economic development could "run faster." They could not let some small problems and flaws affect the speed of the entire economic development. Therefore, rapid development first, and then gradual improvement became the main tone of economic development at this stage.

The offline industry chain of counterfeit products was huge. At least tens of thousands of workshop enterprises and millions of people were involved. It even ran through the retail industry throughout the country. Therefore, in this case, the possibility of a comprehensive attack on counterfeit products was very low. In addition, the senior leaders had always believed that e-commerce was a supplement to the real economy, so they had not given a clear answer to Li Mu.

However, today, Li Mu's weight and importance in the eyes of the senior leaders were not the same as before. Therefore, when the senior leaders knew that Li Mu once again vaguely mentioned this matter in this public appearance, they immediately gave a very clear instruction: Formulate e-commerce management regulations as soon as possible, and then carry out a round of major cleansing of the e-commerce industry. Since Li Mu valued this market so much, the government should come forward and completely clean up this industry!

…

Boss Ma had been very relaxed recently.

Since his plan to survive in the cracks succeeded, he immediately got rid of the huge pressure brought by Li Mu.

In the business world, if you want to deal a fatal blow to the opponent, you must hit the opponent's core market. Now, counterfeit products were Le Tao's core market, especially counterfeit branded clothing, which accounted for more than 60% of Le Tao's total order volume.

This gray market was an area that Taobao did not touch at all. Therefore, in this case, Le Tao transformed into a category that Taobao did not touch, and neither Taobao nor Li Mu could do anything about it.

Boss Ma knew that if he hid in the forbidden area that Li Mu could not touch, he would be able to obtain a good opportunity to develop wretchedly. Therefore, his biggest idea now was to make Le Tao bigger and stronger as soon as possible. Once Le Tao's foundation was stable and had enough resistance to the wind, when it jumped out of the forbidden area, it would not be so easy for Li Mu to deal with him again.

In order to achieve this goal, Boss Ma had purposely sent a team to the Southeast coastal area to privately communicate with the local counterfeiting companies. Boss Ma wanted to expand the scale of selling counterfeit products online. He wanted to unify the source of goods and deliver the goods to Le Tao's big sellers at a lower price.

Boss Ma considered that at this stage, even if Le Tao's big sellers were to be pulled out, they still did not have enough power to speak in front of the manufacturers. This way, there would be two problems. First, they would not be able to reduce the cost, and second, they would not be able to get the exclusive source of goods.

Therefore, Boss Ma hoped that Le Tao would cooperate with these factories by purchasing in bulk. He would set up a few offices in the Southeast. After the offices received the goods from the manufacturers, they would directly sell the goods to Le Tao's big sellers at the factory price through Le Tao Logistics.

This method was very interesting. It was equivalent to Boss Ma providing manpower, manpower, and a certain amount of cost to help the big sellers to reduce the cost of purchasing goods to the lowest possible level. This way, the big sellers would not only get the goods cheaper from Taobao, but they could also save on the cost of logistics. They did not even need to go to the South personally and could get the goods from home.

This was because most of the big sellers were physical store owners. Under normal circumstances, they would have to personally go to Hangzhou, Yangcheng, or Putian every once in a while to get the goods personally. Then, they would send the goods back home through logistics. After that, they would have to rush back. The cost of manpower was very high, and the financial cost was also not low.

Now, they were cooperating with Le Tao, and Le Tao could solve all these problems for them.

However, Boss Ma had done so much for them, and he also had his own requirements. He wanted all the big sellers to lower the price as much as possible.

What he was after was the number of orders, the turnover, and the number of users on the platform. This way, by cooperating with the big sellers, he could ensure that the fake clothes on Le Tao would be cheaper than anywhere else. Even if ordinary consumers went to Hangzhou or Putian, they would not be able to get such a low retail price.

Other than that, Boss Ma was also operating a new method. This time, Le Tao was not only negotiating with the factories for a lower price, but it was also discussing with the factories about the future exclusive styles of Le Tao.

A factory might imitate hundreds of branded clothing products every year. In the past, these products would be sold directly to the wholesale market of clothing, shoes, and hats all over the country. But now, the factories would specially reserve 20% of the styles for Le Tao. These 20% styles would only be sold to Le Tao, and not to other channels. Boss Ma hoped to use this to increase the loyalty of Le Tao's users. Exclusive products were always easier to attract users.

Originally, Boss Ma only tacitly allowed and secretly supported the sale of fake goods on Le Tao. Now, for the rapid development of Le Tao, he did not hesitate to actively participate in the chain of selling fake goods. Originally, some of the core team members, including Cai Chongxin, strongly opposed this. They felt that once Le Tao actually participated in the chain of selling fake goods, there would be policy and legal risks in the future. However, Boss Ma did not care.