Chapter 388

Unsurprisingly, Li Mu and Geng Yang's talk broke down.

Because Li Mu didn't want to talk to him at all.

After beating people up and paying some money, you want to get away with it?

Not to mention that he doesn't agree, Zhao Kang is now worth tens of millions, and he can't agree.

Furthermore, the uncensored version of "Old Boys" had already premiered, so Li Mu would definitely not delete the scenes related to Guru Ji and Bai Gan during the rerun. That would make everyone realize that he had given in to Guru Ji and Bai Gan, and it might even serve as a huge advertisement for him.

Therefore, Li Mu must stick to this issue to the end. No TV station can cut even one frame of his film.

Geng Yang hated Li Mu, but he couldn't stop the replay of "Old Boys" on Xiangnan Satellite TV at 7: 30. Tens of millions of users turned on Xiangnan Satellite TV to watch, which made Xiangnan Satellite TV's ratings reach 10%. This data made the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV excited, and the key interface person who got the priority replay rights of "Old Boys" from Makino Image at the affordable price of two million yuan was also praised by the station leaders.

Li Mu asked Ning Hao to inform the major TV stations tomorrow morning that from tomorrow until the end of the first month, during this period, the major TV stations can arrange the replay time and number of times at will, and they don't need to communicate with Makino Image to confirm, but they still have to ensure that they can't cut the film.

At the same time, Li Mu told Zhao Kang that the water army should not stop adding fuel to the fire, and let him control the rhythm.

,

After arranging these two things, Li Mu no longer paid attention to the follow-up development of "Old Boys", because he found that a new Internet craze has begun to stir.

Data from Easy Listening Network shows that in the past two days, the number of online music auditions has skyrocketed to an unprecedented height. At the same time, the number of MP3 downloads has also increased significantly.

On the surface, these two figures seemed to be because of Du Wei's "Years in a Hurry" and "In My Voice", but Li Mu smelled something different.

Li Mu believes that since 2002, the number of PC and MP3 players has increased significantly. Especially MP3 players. In 2001, MP3 players were rare. But during the Chinese New Year, the price of MP3 players started to change. Now, you can buy a good MP3 player for 700 to 800 RMB, and the cheaper ones can be bought for 400 to 500 RMB.

Li Mu realized that since spring was coming for the MP3 hardware, spring was also coming for the Easy Listening Network.

Although Li Mu had the idea to sell all of the Easy Listening Network to Baidu, it did not prevent him from making the Easy Listening Network more valuable while the MP3 was popular. If Baidu regarded it as the key to the next breakthrough, he would buy it for 500 million yuan, even if it was one billion yuan. If it was too hot, he would still buy it for two billion yuan.

Due to this situation, Li Mu suddenly wanted to strike while the iron was hot in the MP3 industry.

The development and popularity of the industry depended on one company and one product. Just like how the MTK system gave birth to Hua Xia's pirated phone industry, and how the iPhone led to the global innovation of smartphones, if Easy Listening Network could find the right opportunity, it could quickly promote the development of the MP3 hardware and software in China, making it develop much faster than in Feng Yu's previous life.

Li Mu felt that the core of the MP3 craze was the hardware, followed by the software. If the price of MP3 players could be lowered quickly, and ordinary users could use the Easy Listening Network to make MP3 players more popular.

Li Mu also had a rough plan to reduce the price of the hardware. Now that the profit of the hardware was not transparent, the profit margin of the hardware was relatively large. If he found a company that could produce MP3 players on behalf of the Easy Listening Net and customized a large number of MP3 players with the name of the Easy Listening Net, and then dumped them on the market at the cost price, the first benefit would be to directly increase the number of users of the MP3 players. Secondly, it would force other MP3 manufacturers to reduce the price, thus triggering a wave of large-scale price reduction, quickly reducing the price of the MP3 players and the threshold of entry, just like how Shenzhou attacked the notebook market. Moreover, he would do more than that.

If the price of MP3 players could be reduced to the level of 2003 in his previous life, then MP3 online listening and downloading would become one of the hottest areas of the Internet in 2002. Easy Listening Network was now ahead of its competitors in terms of streaming media, page UI, user experience, product functions, etc. Therefore, if MP3 players became popular this year, Easy Listening Network would be the biggest beneficiary.

Li Mu almost had an impulse to go to Shenzhen in person to find several suitable OEM factories and make a batch of MP3 players as soon as possible. He estimated that the cost should be within 300 yuan, and the first batch of 100,000 MP3 players would only cost him 30 million yuan. Moreover, he could also negotiate with the OEM on the specific settlement method and strive for a certain period of time to reduce the capital investment.

However, Li Mu quickly suppressed his impulse. It was not a problem to do it now, but he would waste a great opportunity — Taobao.

Think about it. If Taobao was established with Alipay as a payment channel, and hundreds of thousands of MP3 players were sold on Taobao, how much would it promote Taobao?

Now that there were more than 10 million Alipay users, maybe hundreds of thousands of MP3 players could be sold out in a few days. It would also bring great benefits to Taobao's reputation. How could Li Mu miss such a good opportunity?

It seemed like he had to get rid of Taobao!

Li Mu had no choice but to put his MP3 player plan on hold for the time being. When he returned to Yan Jing after the Spring Festival, he would seize the time to find Senior Fellow Apprentice Liu Xiaodong and work together to destroy Taobao.

…

On the fifth day of Chinese New Year, Lin Ching-ah suddenly called Li Mu. She said that she attended a high school reunion last night, and a high school classmate heard that she was working at Makino Technology and recommended her cousin, who had just returned from abroad. Apparently, her cousin went to the United States to further his studies in 1991 and obtained a master's degree and a doctorate in computer science from the University of Minnesota. He studied until 1998 before he started working. He had only worked for one company, which was the famous overseas company, Google.

When Li Mu heard the word "Google", he felt a strong sense of faith as a programmer.

In the minds of most computer scientists, Google was the most powerful company. Even Apple couldn't compare to Google. Google had too many products that could influence the world, and they had too many technology experts that could influence the world. Any one of them was at the top of the industry.

Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah, "What's that person's name?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "His name is Fang Xudong."

Fang Xudong?

Li Mu's eyes lit up. He had heard of this person in his previous life. He was Google's most powerful software engineer, Hua Xia. Fang Xudong returned to China in 2005 and worked as a CTO in a large Internet company. He became one of the top ten CTOs in the industry and was definitely a technology expert.

When he heard that Lin Ching-ah and Fang Xudong knew each other, Li Mu immediately asked, "Is this Fang Xudong planning to return to China to develop his career?"

"No."

Lin Ching-ah said, "My classmate told me that he intends to return to China, but he has been lamenting about the lack of good Internet companies and employment environment in China. However, when he went home to visit his family during Chinese New Year, he mentioned our company in front of my classmate. I heard that he approved of our company very much. So when my classmate heard that I was working at our company, he wanted to introduce me to him. His family also hopes that he can return to China to work."

Li Mu understood now. Fang Xudong only had the idea of returning to China, but he didn't have a good choice. That was why he didn't return until 2005 in his previous life. However, there was no Makino Technology in his previous life. Could the Makino Technology in this life impress this technology expert?

So Li Mu asked, "Have you met him?"

"Not yet."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I got his contact information, but I haven't asked him out yet. I don't know much about technology, and I'm afraid that if we don't get along well, it will lower his impression of our company. What I'm thinking is, Li Zong, could you find some time to come over personally? If he's really very capable, our technical aspects will be much easier in the future."

Lin Ching-ah had already responded to Li Mu's request to look for suitable technical personnel all over the world. After Chinese New Year, Storm Entertainment would be conducting internal testing for "Miracle MU." Li Mu also wanted to do e-commerce, and there was a huge shortage of technical personnel. If he couldn't find a technical expert who could take charge of an area and lead a team, many of Li Mu's businesses would not be able to develop.

This time, Fang Xudong's information was an unexpected gain. Lin Ching-ah was also afraid that she couldn't take him down, so she called Li Mu for help.

Li Mu agreed without any hesitation and asked her to arrange an appointment with Fang Xudong. The earliest they could do so would be tonight. Lin Qingya's house was in Lu Nan, not too far from his own house. It would only take a few hours of driving to get there.

Lin Ching-ah immediately contacted Fang Xudong. Because she was introduced by an acquaintance, and the acquaintance was Fang Xudong's cousin, Fang Xudong's attitude on the phone was very friendly. When Lin Ching-ah explained the company she worked for and told him that her boss wanted to come over personally to talk to him, Fang Xudong was also very surprised. He had a certain understanding of Makino Technology, but only on the business and technical level. He didn't have a detailed understanding of its other background. However, the boss of a company with a valuation of more than one billion wanted to meet him personally, which showed the other party's sincerity, so Fang Xudong agreed without hesitation.

The time was set for seven o 'clock that night. The location was a relatively high-end restaurant in Zaoshi, south of Qilu. Lin Ching-ah told the address and time to Li Mu. Li Mu told her, "Help me book a hotel in the city. I'll stay in Zaoshi tonight."

After lunch, Li Mu, who was very excited, set off alone in his car.