Chapter 787

During the day on Friday, Li Mu, wearing a mask and a cap, accompanied his parents to several big shopping malls in Yan Jing for a whole day.

Li Ma felt that after Li Mu was exposed on TV, the situation of the family of three would change dramatically when they went back this time. Before they went back, they had to buy some real gifts for the two big families in person, so as not to be gossiped.

Li Mu naturally had no objection to this. He was a billionaire who was known by everyone in the country, so it was necessary to bring some gifts back to his family. So the three of them bought a lot of valuable gifts with big and small bags with Li Ziwei, Li Mu's personal assistant.

This time, the three of them went out secretly with six bodyguards. In addition to Wang Yuanlang and the other two, the three bodyguards arranged by Shi Xuesong, Dufy's uncle, for Li Mu's parents had also begun to work.

In the middle of the trip, Song Liang called and told Li Mu that he would go back to Haizhou with Li Mu tomorrow. Li Mu originally wanted him to call Zhang Wanjun and explain it clearly. There was no need for him to go in person, so he advised Song Liang not to go alone.

However, Song Liang insisted on going back with him. He naturally trusted Zhang Wanjun, who relied on himself to make money and whitewash his name. Without him, Zhang Wanjun was just a gangster boss. Maybe one day, he would get him into the gang. Now that Zhang Wanjun followed him, he had gradually walked on the road of a decent and successful businessman. Since he had arranged for him to take care of Li Mu's parents, he naturally could not neglect it.

Even so, Song Liang still felt that such an important thing must be said face to face to let Zhang Wanjun understand how much he valued him. What was more, he regarded Li Mu as his biggest benefactor and opportunity after the age of 30. Although Li Mu was ten years younger than him and called him Brother Liang, he naturally regarded Li Mu as his boss in his heart.

When Li Mu saw that Song Liang was determined, he did not insist anymore.

In the afternoon, Li Mu took his parents to a newly built large shopping mall in Yan Jing. Although this shopping mall did not have the mature comprehensive shopping mall model of his previous life, it was still very good at this stage. It was large, well-decorated, and there were many merchants and varieties of goods, which made Papa Lee and Li Ma dazzled.

Walking beside Li Mu, Papa Lee and Li Ma were whispering to each other as they strolled. Li Mu heard Li Ma say, "Do you think we can do what they did and turn the whole building into a comprehensive shopping mall?

I looked at the sign just now. There's a dining room upstairs. It's really complete. "

Papa Lee thought for a moment and said, "It's good, but it's too big. It's not something that can be solved with 20 or 30 million yuan, right?"

At this time, Li Mu interrupted and said, "That's enough, mom. You can manage the first and second floors of the department store according to your previous plan. If you're interested in opening a large supermarket, you can do it. Forget about the large shopping mall. You're competing with your son's business."

Nanny Li asked him curiously, "Why did Mom compete with you for business?"

Li Mu said, "In the future, Wanying's plan is to build a large number of centralized large shopping malls all over the country. The plan will be bigger, more complete, and more high-end. If one day we open it in Haizhou, won't we compete with your business?"

Li Ma said with a smile, "Then I'll contract your shopping mall in Haizhou. You'll build it, and I'll run it."

Li Mu was speechless. Then he smiled helplessly and said, "Okay, okay, okay. We'll build one in Haizhou, and you'll run it. But before that, don't think about expanding the scale anymore."

Li Ma nodded and said with a smile, "I just had a casual discussion with your dad."

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. They happened to pass by an LV reselling shop, so Li Ma said, "Let's go. Let's buy a bag for each of your aunts and aunts."

Li Mu felt a headache. "Won't we have to buy seven or eight?"

Li Ma smiled helplessly and said, "There's no other way. We can't be biased. Besides, you've made such a big scene this time. It's not right if mom and dad don't prepare more gifts when they go back."

Li Mu said, "It's not that I don't care about the money. I'm just afraid that it'll be troublesome to put all the things together. It'll be a problem for me to take them with me."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "It's okay, as long as we get on the plane."

…

Wei Lan sent a message to Li Mu at three o 'clock in the afternoon. The moment she received the message, she asked, "Boss, where are we eating tonight?"

Li Mu didn't forget about having dinner with Wei Lan, so he replied, "What time do you get off work?"

Wei Lan replied, "I still have something on hand. I'll be done by 6: 30."

Li Mu said, "That's good. I'll wait for you at Wanying at 6: 30."

After shopping, Li Mu first sent his parents back to Ziyun Villa. Because he had to go to Wanying Real Estate, Li Mu didn't dare to drive his own car. Otherwise, it would be troublesome if he was targeted by reporters or other people.

It just so happened that Li Ziwei drove the GL8 over today. After parking the car at the villa in Ziyun Villa, she followed Li Mu's car to the city. So when they got back, Li Mu said to her, "Ziwei, you can drive my car back later. I'll drive your car out to do something."

Li Ziwei hurriedly handed the GL8 car keys to Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, you drive it. I'll just go out and call a taxi back. It's okay."

Li Mu said, "It'll save me a lot of trouble if you drive mine."

Li Ziwei hurriedly waved her hand and said, "Uncle and Auntie, if we go back tomorrow, I don't need a car for the time being."

Li Mu threw his car keys to her and said, "Don't leave in a hurry tonight. Stay at home and have dinner with my parents. I have something to do tonight, so I won't eat at home. After dinner, chat with them for a while and then drive back. It's not easy to get a taxi here, so you can drive back so that they won't worry. I'm going back to Haizhou with my parents tomorrow to do something. You can drive the car to the company next week."

Hearing Li Mu's words, Li Ziwei nodded and agreed after thinking for a while. During the days when Li Mu's parents had been here, she had accompanied them most of the time. She was already very familiar with Li Mu's parents and they treated her very well. Since they were going to leave tomorrow, it was only right for her to stay and have dinner with them.

Li Mu drove the GL8 assigned to Li Ziwei. As soon as the car arrived at Wanying Hotel, Wei Lan called Li Mu and asked him, "Boss, where are you?"

Li Mu said, "I just arrived. Come down."

"Okay." Wei Lan smiled happily and immediately said, "Wait a minute, I'll be right there."

Wei Lan had been preparing for today's dinner with Li Mu since yesterday. In the morning, she deliberately used a curling iron to perm her hair more exquisitely. She also paid more attention to her dressing. The light gray bat top on her upper body made her look mature with a hint of playfulness and sexiness. The black skirt on her lower body was not only dignified and formal, but it also showed off her graceful figure.

Since the day she joined Wanying Real Estate in the future, she was recognized as a goddess by the entire company. It was the same for both male and female colleagues. Wei Lan's image and temperament had already exceeded the scope of jealousy. Everyone was far more than just admiring her.

Today, because Wei Lan was dressed more fashionably, she attracted even more attention from Wanying Real Estate's colleagues. Usually, Wei Lan rarely got off work on time. Today was the first time that she had already turned off her computer at 6: 30. She packed her things and left her office. As soon as she left, a female colleague said in surprise, "Sister Lan, you got off work so early today?"

Wei Lan smiled slightly and nodded. "I have something to do today."

Wei Lan's smile even made the female colleague panic. Then she hurriedly hid her panic and tried to ask her, "Sister Lan, are you going on a date with such a beautiful dress?"

Wei Lan shook her head and said with a smile, "We're talking about consensus. What kind of date is this? It would be better if it was a real date."

When she passed by Song Liang's office, Song Liang happened to push open the door of his office with his briefcase. Seeing Wei Lan's happy face, he couldn't help but ask her, "Boss Wei, you look so happy. Are you going on a date?"

Wei Lan hurriedly waved her hand. "I'm going to talk business."

"You're so happy to talk business?

I don't believe it. "

Song Liang teased, but what he said was also the truth.

Seeing Wei Lan's happy face and red face, with his experience as a man in his thirties, he could tell at a glance that she was happy. Otherwise, how could she not be able to hold back her smile while walking?

Although he knew that Wei Lan was a workaholic, Song Liang also knew very well that Wei Lan's unconscious smile had nothing to do with work.

Wei Lan pursed her lips awkwardly and said, "I'm really going to talk business."

Saying this, Wei Lan hurriedly changed the topic. Looking at the handbag in Song Liang's hand, she asked, "Manager Song, where are you going?"

Seeing that she didn't want to say more, Song Liang didn't ask more. He said with a smile, "I'm going home. I have to go back early today to accompany my wife and children. Tomorrow, I will accompany Li Mu and his parents back to Haizhou. I will stay in Haizhou for a few days."

Wei Lan nodded gently. Song Liang knew that she hadn't bought a car in Yanjing, so he asked her, "Where are you going?

Do you want me to give you a ride? "

Wei Lan wanted to say, "No, Manager Song. I have someone to pick me up."

Song Liang nodded. "Let's go. Let's go down together."

Wei Lan instinctively wanted to refuse, but she had no reason to refuse. However, if Song Liang found that Li Mu was waiting for her, would it be inappropriate?

First of all, was there really something wrong with her expression just now?

If she turned around and told Li Mu, as a smart person, would Li Mu notice something?

Wei Lan was much calmer than her peers. She didn't want to show her feelings for Li Mu too early. Although she could be frank with him, in her opinion, it was best to keep a low profile.

Secondly, it was not good for Song Liang to know that she had dinner with Li Mu in private.