Chapter 997

In the entire Taobao announcement, the most domineering one was the third announcement.

The original tone of the third announcement was not so simple and crude. Li Mu felt that the original version given by the staff was not strong enough, so he wrote it himself.

Li Mu felt that as the current leader of the domestic e-commerce industry, Taobao should not only have the role of a leader and role model, but also the domineering and deterrent force of a leader. Since this group of small and medium-sized sellers had shown the characteristics of fence-sitters, then he would use a strong performance to completely eliminate their thoughts of fence-sitters.

"Taobao Alliance" was originally Taobao's own promotion system. Taobao had the right to promote to any seller, and at the same time, it had the right to completely exclude any seller from the system. The most important measurement was whether the seller sold across the platform.

As long as small and medium-sized sellers dared to sell across the platform, or even as long as Taobao's own algorithm rules felt that those sellers were suspected of selling across the platform, they did not need to collect the chain of evidence to directly exclude them from the system. Moreover, they would not be given any channels to complain at all. If they said that someone could not do it, they could not do it!

This was his own platform, his own resources, his own system, and he also had absolute power and the right to speak. The message that Li Mu wanted to release to these small and medium-sized sellers was: I have plenty of opportunities to make money here, and I have plenty of resources that can help you make money, but if you want to make money here, you must abide by my rules.

It was precisely because of Li Mu's strong attitude that Boss Ma completely felt as if it was the end of the world. Li Mu wanted to use the huge benefits to force small and medium-sized sellers to do a single-choice question between Taobao and other e-commerce platforms, including Le Tao. And the answer was without any suspense.

Taobao's system message solved the doubts of all Taobao sellers. Sellers like Han Wei, who had benefited from the Taobao Alliance, finally knew where their huge traffic came from. Sellers like Dong Shaoping, who watched others get rich but could not figure out why they racked their brains, finally knew the reason why they could not get a huge traffic bonus.

At this moment, Dong Shaoping was so angry that his veins popped. He did not care that Han Wei was beside him and shouted, "F * ck Le Tao!

He f * cking screwed me over!!! "

At this moment, Dong Shaoping not only deeply regretted opening a shop in Le Tao, but his hatred for Le Tao was also monstrous.

Dong Shaoping chose to open a shop in Le Tao because he couldn't resist the favorable conditions offered by Le Tao. He felt that opening a shop in Le Tao would be subsidized by the platform and the transportation fees, so the profit margin would be much higher. He could earn an extra one to two thousand yuan every month. However, he had yet to earn any money from cigarettes in Le Tao, and because of this, he had missed the chance to be recommended by the Taobao Alliance. This was the true portrayal of "picking up sesame seeds but losing watermelons"!

Han Wei saw that Dong Shaoping's eyes were red and his chest was heaving up and down. He couldn't help but comfort him, "Shaoping, don't be so agitated."

Dong Shaoping furrowed his brows and said angrily, "How can I not be agitated?

That f * cking Le Tao made me lose so much money!

I even have the heart to kill them! "

Han Wei had no choice but to persuade him, "There are plenty of opportunities to make money. Don't be affected by what has already happened."

Dong Shaoping said exasperatedly, "You've already made money. It's easy for you to say that!

Tens of thousands a day!

My shop is better than yours in every way. If I hadn't been scammed by Le Tao, the Taobao Alliance would definitely have recommended my products and not yours! "

Dong Shaoping's words were very impolite, but Han Wei wasn't angry with him. He felt that if it was anyone else who had missed the chance to earn tens of thousands a day, they would probably be like him. Therefore, he could only comfort him, "Don't be anxious. Maybe things will turn for the better."

"Turn for the better my * ss!" Dong Shaoping said in despair, "Didn't you see what the Taobao Alliance said?

'All sellers who are suspected of selling on multiple platforms will be permanently excluded from the Taobao Alliance's algorithm. Whoever sells on multiple platforms first will be permanently excluded!

Permanently! "

Han Wei said, "Even if it's permanently, it doesn't matter. At most, you can just open a new Taobao shop. You're so smart, I believe you'll be able to increase your sales very quickly. When that time comes, as long as you don't sell across platforms again, the Taobao Alliance will definitely promote you."

Dong Shaoping controlled his emotions a little and said with determination, "Open again!

F * ck, I'll go back and register a new seller account!

The Taobao Alliance's promotion is really too aggressive.

With this wave of money, it won't be a problem to not open for a year. Such a good opportunity, I, Dong Shaoping, must grasp it! "

It wasn't just Dong Shaoping. At that moment, all the Taobao sellers who had been scammed by Le Tao and opened a shop in Le Tao were cursing in front of their computers.

In their eyes, Le Tao was originally a place where they could make more money. They didn't expect that overnight, it would become the main culprit that prevented them from making money.

Le Tao's employees, who were in charge of opening up the market, were immediately scolded by countless Taobao sellers. These people had previously tried their best to scam Taobao sellers and paint a picture of themselves. Now that Li Mu's "Taobao Alliance" was officially announced, they became the most hated existence of these sellers who had been excluded by the Taobao Alliance.

At first, the tricked Taobao sellers only scolded them through YY. Soon, they realized that the other party didn't respond, so they started scolding them through phone calls.

These Le Tao employees were to be blamed for this. They were too dedicated to their work. In order to increase the efficiency of scamming the Taobao sellers, they showed great sincerity in front of the Taobao sellers. They even took the initiative to leave their phone numbers for the Taobao sellers and let them call them 24 hours a day if they needed anything. They didn't expect that this would become an effective way for the Taobao sellers to scold them.

In less than half an hour, a few of Le Tao's female employees were scolded by the angry Taobao sellers. They were so wronged that they cried in the company. Most of the Le Tao employees had to turn off their phones to avoid the harassment.

Le Tao employees turned off their phones to the public. The angry Taobao sellers called Le Tao's customer service number to scold them.

Le Tao's customer service department, which was made up of five girls, immediately became the target of many Taobao sellers. Not long after, the team leader of the customer service department couldn't bear the pressure and reported to the higher-ups. With Cai Chongxin's approval, Le Tao's customer service number was temporarily suspended.

Many of the employees who were scolded were emotionally unstable. Everyone in the customer service department had a look of doubt on their faces. At this time, the internal situation of Le Tao was terrible.

This was definitely the saddest day for Le Tao since it became an army. Boss Ma locked himself in his office. Even though he knew that the employees outside were in a bad mood, he didn't have the energy to care about them or think of a solution. This was because he was suffering the most serious setback since he entered the industry.

Li Mu's "Taobao Alliance" was undoubtedly a fatal move for Le Tao, which was struggling to survive. Not only did it catch Le Tao off guard, but it also left them defenseless.

Those angry Taobao sellers saw that they couldn't contact Le Tao's employees directly, so they started to scold them on the internet. In an instant, the internet was filled with many "bloody complaints" from the Taobao sellers. They were all talking about how Le Tao tricked them and caused them to miss the opportunity to be selected by the Taobao Alliance.

Le Tao felt like it had fallen into the deepest trench in the world. It was dark and full of despair.

…

The angry and remorseful Dong Shaoping and the other "Dong Shaoping" couldn't calm down. During the two hours from 12 am to 2 pm, almost everyone was in so much pain that they didn't have any food or water.

While everyone was thinking of ways to scold Le Tao, the Taobao website suddenly sent another system message at 2 pm.

All the sellers who were paying close attention to the Taobao Alliance opened and read the contents of the system message immediately.

This system message made many of the "Dong Shaoping" see a ray of hope in their despair.

The original text said, "For the sake of fairness, the Taobao website has decided to conduct a new comparison of the information on the entire website after a week's time. At that time, all the sellers who have stopped selling across platforms will be given another chance to be recommended by the Taobao Alliance. All the sellers who are still selling across platforms will be permanently excluded from the Taobao Alliance."

This was a classic case of hitting first, then giving a date to eat. Li Mu first used strong words to make all the sellers who were selling across platforms feel despair and resentment towards Le Tao. He gave them two hours to prepare and escalate their emotions, then he opened a window for them, giving them their last hope.

As the latest news said, as long as these sellers who were selling across platforms closed their shops on other platforms and removed all their products from the shelves, they would be given another chance to be recommended by the Taobao Alliance as long as they didn't continue to sell on other platforms when the Taobao Alliance conducted a new comparison of the information on the entire website a week later.

This was actually forcing them to use the fastest speed to remove all of their information from Le Taobao's shelves.

In other words, Li Mu was going to hit Le Tao while he was down.

If he only banned this batch of sellers, they might just give up after they calmed down. At that time, they would continue to open their shops in Le Tao with the attitude that every cent counted.

However, if they were given a chance to turn over a new leaf, they would return to zero all the work that Le Tao had done recently. Le Tao had worked so hard for so long, and the Taobao sellers that they had poached might all withdraw within a week, cutting off all ties with Le Tao.

This was Li Mu's real purpose. He didn't really want to give these fence-sitters a chance, but he wanted to give Le Tao another shot in the chest.

A few minutes after the news was released, Lu Zhao Xi rushed into Boss Ma's office in a panic. The first thing he said was, "Boss Ma, Li Mu made a move against us again!"

Boss Ma's face was pale, and his eyes were lifeless as he asked him, "What happened?"

Lu Zhao Xi hurriedly reported the latest news from Taobao to Boss Ma. Finally, he added, "As soon as the news was released, a large number of sellers started to remove their products from our shelves!"

"Outrageous!" Boss Ma instantly slammed the table and stood up. He couldn't contain his anger. "Li Mu has gone too far!

These sellers have no moral integrity!

Go and inform the technical department to immediately block these sellers' operation rights!

Tell them not to remove or modify any information on their products. At the same time, tell the technical department to restore all the information that they deleted!

If there's money to be made, they come. If there's no money to be made, they run. Do they think this is a public toilet?!

I want them to watch helplessly as all the information they deleted is restored!

I want them to feel the taste of despair! "

…