Chapter 941

It was getting closer and closer to 12 o 'clock.

Taobao's data monitoring team began to continuously report all kinds of real-time data on the website.

From 10 o 'clock onwards, the number of online users continued to reach new heights. It began to climb rapidly from more than one million. In just a few minutes, it had already reached three million people online at the same time, and it was still increasing.

There had never been so many people online at the same time on Brand Day. The main reason was that there was no need to rush to buy during Brand Day, so the number of users online was not very concentrated.

However, the 929 promotion this time was very different. The most important thing was that from midnight onwards, users could participate in a coupon grab every hour. Every hour, Taobao would release 2,000 super coupons for 199 minus 198, and 20,000 50% discount coupons for 199 minus 100. First come, first served.

These two kinds of large discount coupons were too attractive to consumers, so they were all waiting for midnight to arrive. They were prepared to grab the coupons first before placing an order.

Fortunately, Taobao would share the cost with the company for these two kinds of large discount coupons. Therefore, to Li Mu, this subsidy budget was not too shocking.

As time passed and the number of online users continued to increase, Li Mu began to get excited. When the number of online users exceeded five million, Li Mu realized that this 929 promotion would definitely be a great success.

At the same time, the number of online users exceeded five million, so the number of visitors today should exceed thirty million. As for the number of orders that would be completed, Li Mu was not sure. The most important thing was that Li Mu did not know how many non-registered users would place orders through other people's accounts.

If he wanted to know this data, he could only wait until the promotion ended and see how many orders each user placed on average.

Unlike the hubbub of people on Taobao, the office hall of Le Tao Company in Hangzhou City was dead silent at this moment.

Although it was dead silent, Le Tao's employees were all on duty. The reason for this was that the data they obtained from this promotion was too horrible to look at.

After eight days of promotion, Le Tao had only gained less than 200,000 registered users. It could be said to be extremely dismal. There was still about an hour before the promotion would begin, and there were only about 20,000 online users on the website.

Although Boss Ma didn't know the number of online users on Taobao, he could guess that the number of online users on Taobao was at least a hundred times more than his.

Currently, the e-commerce industry had not matured, diversified, and vertically integrated. The number of users, the number of orders, and the transaction value were basically proportional. Based on this data, ignoring the difference in product types, brands, and quantity, and only looking at the difference in users.

If Le Taobao wanted to achieve a turnover of 100 million on the day of September 29, then Taobao would have to reach at least 10 billion.

If the huge difference in products between the two platforms were taken into account, the difference in turnover would be even greater.

Such a big gap made Boss Ma and the entire team fall into a kind of extreme despair. For Li Mu, the day of September 29 after 12 o 'clock was the day when history was created. For Le Tao, it was the day when the verdict was read.

Le Tao, which had been carefully prepared for a long time, was suppressed by Taobao after it went online. Everyone knew that Le Tao would not be able to escape the death penalty this time. The only unknown was whether Le Tao would be executed immediately or with a reprieve tomorrow.

…

The Jinbei car carrying Wei Lan drove into a remote farmyard in the suburbs of Beijing.

This particularly dilapidated farmhouse was rented under Song Zhilei's orders. The yard was very big, and it could easily park two cars.

The moment the Jinbei car stopped and turned off the engine, Wei Lan felt that the surrounding environment was extremely quiet at that moment. This silence lasted for less than two seconds. The driver tightened the handbrake, pulled out the car key, and said, "Brother, bring this woman in?"

Song Zhilei glared at the driver beside him and mouthed four words to him, "Motherf * cker!"

Then, Song Zhilei pointed to the door of the bungalow on the east side of the farmyard and mouthed three words to him, "Bring her in!"

The driver of the Jinbei car then remembered that Song Zhilei didn't want this woman to know his identity because they were old acquaintances. If Song Zhilei spoke in front of her at this time, she would definitely see through it.

Fortunately, he just called him brother and not Brother Lei. Otherwise, wouldn't he be in big trouble?

The driver of the Jinbei car felt a chill down his back. He hurriedly said to the two people in the back of the car who were staring at Wei Lan, "Bring her into the east room and tie her up on the chair!"

The two people hurriedly opened the door and were about to take Wei Lan away. At this time, Wei Lan hurriedly struggled twice and made a very urgent sound with her nose, indicating that she had something to say.

Along the way, Wei Lan didn't dare to resist or make a sound because she knew very well that the robbers must have been very nervous during the escape. If she increased their nervousness at this time, it would only increase the risk factor for herself. But now, the robbers had clearly returned to the nest they had prepared, so at this time, she had to find a way to communicate with them no matter what.

At this moment, Song Zhilei gave the driver a look and gestured for him to take something out of his mouth. The driver immediately understood. He turned around and warned Wei Lan, "I'm going to take the towel out of your mouth. If you dare to scream, I'll kill you immediately!

Do you understand? "

Wei Lan hurriedly nodded.

Then, the driver of the Jinbei car pulled the towel out of Wei Lan's mouth through the thick hood.

Wei Lan still couldn't see at this time, but at least her mouth could now speak, so she hurriedly said, "You guys!

If you want money, just tell me a number!

As long as you let me go, I will definitely find a way to solve it, no matter how much money you have! "

The driver of the Jinbei car looked at Song Zhilei. Song Zhilei waved at him and asked him to get out of the car. Song Zhilei whispered in his ear, "Ask her how much money she can take out."

The driver of the Jinbei car walked to the door and asked Wei Lan, "Tell me, how much money can you take out?"

Wei Lan immediately said, "If you let me go, I guarantee that you can get 10 million in cash!"

Song Zhilei continued to whisper in the ear of the Jinbei car, and then the driver said coldly, "10 million?

Do you think you are a beggar?

Don't think that we are all fools. I know who you are, and I also know that you have a lot of money. Li Mu alone owes you 800 million, but you only take 10 million to buy your life. Is your life so worthless? "

Wei Lan hurriedly explained, "The 800 million you mentioned, I can only get it after three years …"

The driver of the Jinbei car said to Wei Lan according to what Song Zhilei had taught him, "Then you let Li Mu return the 800 million to you now!

Oh yes, all in cash!

As long as we get the money, we will immediately let you go! "

Wei Lan said, "It's impossible for Li Mu to take out 800 million in cash. Do you know how heavy 800 million in cash is?

It's at least nine tons. Even if he can come up with so much money, do you think you can get it? "

The driver of the Jinbei car said, "It's none of your business how I take it. You let Li Mu prepare 800 million first, or we will rape you first and then kill you. That will be fun!"

Wei Lan said, "Then give me my phone and let me call him."

The driver of the Jinbei car said, "Don't worry, I will let you make this call."

With that, the driver of the Jinbei car said to the two men, "Take her to the east room and tie her to a chair. Keep an eye on her!"

Wei Lan was quickly brought into the east room by the two men. Although she couldn't see, Wei Lan could still smell the earthy smell in the room. It was so strong that it was a little choking.

The two of them used a rope as thick as a thumb to tie her firmly to the back of a wooden chair. Then, they took off the hood on her head. However, the room was pitch black. Before Wei Lan's eyes could adjust to the darkness, the two of them put a thick blindfold on her face. Then, they stuffed her mouth with a towel.

After the two men finished doing this, they came out of the room and guarded the door on both sides. Wei Lan could hear the sound of the two men taking out their pockets and the clicking sound of electronic lighters. It seemed that the two men would be guarding her at the door.

However, Wei Lan also sighed in her heart. Right now, her whole body was tied to the chair. Even if no one was watching her, she had no chance of running away. These robbers were very cautious. Not only did they tie her firmly to the chair with ropes, but they also tied her hands to the armrests of the chair. Her feet were tied together from her ankles to her knees.

In other words, even if Wei Lan had a knife in her hand now, it would be useless because she couldn't move her wrist at all.

In TV and movies, after the villain tied up the protagonist, there would always be a little bug. However, today's encounter made Wei Lan understand that it was just an exaggerated way of dealing with things in movies. Now, she couldn't even move her fingers. Her body couldn't move, and her legs were also tied up. There was no room for movement at all. Not to mention herself, even Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger probably wouldn't have the chance to quietly break free.

At this moment, Wei Lan was much calmer than when she was just kidnapped. Her psychological quality in the face of danger made her pay attention to all the information, and at the same time, carry out rational and systematic analysis.

So far, one thing was certain. No matter what, the primary purpose of the other party's kidnapping was money. Otherwise, if it was just revenge, the other party wouldn't have gone through so much trouble to lock her up. They could have just killed her directly. As long as the other party's main purpose was money, before they got the money, her temporary safety would definitely be guaranteed.

After confirming this, Wei Lan began to repeatedly comb through all the details that she could come into contact with. Now, she was even more convinced than when she was in the car that the mastermind behind her kidnapping was 100% Song Zhilei, and Song Zhilei must have been in the car just now!

The reason was very simple. Just now, the Golden Cup Car was obviously talking to a man that he called "brother", but the other party didn't make any sound. Instead, he used another method that she wasn't sure of to convey instructions to the Golden Cup Car driver. There were only two possibilities. First, he was mute. Second, he didn't want her to hear his voice.

The possibility of the first situation was very small, and the possibility of the second was the highest!

The other party definitely didn't want her to hear his voice, so he didn't speak in front of her. Who would have such worries?

It must be someone familiar, afraid that she would recognize his voice.