Chapter 554

Lu Xinyi was able to realize that Hong Kong had become a dangerous place for Zhang Guorong to stay. Just this point alone was enough to show her strong analytical ability.

From a normal person's point of view, Zhang Guorong was, after all, an A-list superstar. In terms of magnitude, there was no need for her to be afraid of some gossip, and there was no need for her to stay away from Hong Kong to avoid the harassment of gossip. Even Li Mu had never thought of this before. But if he thought about Lu Xinyi's proposal in depth, her proposal seemed to be very reasonable.

No matter how developed, brilliant, and powerful Hong Kong was, it was essentially such a small place. Once Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines went all out, Zhang Guorong would not be able to hide in Hong Kong. But if he went to the mainland, it would be different. With Zu Yaoting's consulting ability, he could not even cover the whole country. How could he compete with him?

Moreover, the entertainment media in the mainland were generally more principled than the entertainment media in Hong Kong. Some of the Hong Kong media had been persistently slandering Zhang Guorong, but the entertainment media in the mainland were much friendlier to him. After all, the media in the mainland had always praised "Farewell My Concubine," so they loved Zhang Guorong, so Zhang Guorong's popularity in China had always been very high. As for his sexual orientation, Li Mu felt that it was not a problem in the mainland. The mainland media had always been not interested in sexual orientation. The most common method was not to mention it, not to mention not to say it, not to mention not to talk about it. This kind of thing was very private. If there was no gossip paparazzi digging, it should not be made public.

Even Li Mu was quite touched by Zhang Guorong's selfless support for Du Wei today. In order to return the favor, he had to find a way to let him leave Hong Kong temporarily. Anyway, he was basically not working now, so he should have a lot of free time.

Making up his mind, Li Mu was also a little grateful to Lu Xinyi. This Hong Kong media person should be one of Zhang Guorong's fans, and they were both mainlanders, so Li Mu had a good impression of her.

It was precisely because of his good first impression of Lu Xinyi that Li Mu chatted with her for a while and roughly asked about her personal situation.

Lu Xinyi was 28 years old this year, born and raised in Shanghai. She had been studying in Shanghai from primary school to high school, and at the age of 19, she was admitted to the Chinese University of Hong Kong to major in journalism. After graduation, she worked in Hong Kong as a director's assistant in a TV station for a year, and five years ago, she plunged into the entertainment media circle.

Lu Xinyi was currently working at < First Weekly Newspaper >, which was one of the most famous print media in Hong Kong. Moreover, < First Weekly Newspaper >'s most popular section was the entertainment section. Therefore, her position as the deputy editor of the entertainment section was still very valuable.

Li Mu also asked her why she knew so much about his situation. Lu Xinyi smiled and said, "People in the news industry, especially people in the entertainment industry, are better at digging up clues, so it's not difficult to find out the industry you are currently involved in."

Li Mu nodded and asked again, "What do you think of your future in Yizhou Newspaper?"

Lu Xinyi touched her head and said with a smile, "I've already hit the ceiling, and any higher positions are all board members. If the company doesn't change to a professional manager system, I can only get a raise in the future, and it's impossible for me to get promoted."

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "Have you ever thought of becoming an online media?"

"Online media?" Lu Xinyi frowned and looked at Li Mu, asking him, "What do you mean by that, Mr. Lee?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think that every industry in the world is going online, and the media will be the same in the future. The traditional print media and television media will definitely be greatly impacted by the Internet. The television media is restricted by the terminal viewership, and the print media is restricted by the distribution channels. Hong Kong is too small, so these restrictions may not be visible, but in Hua Xia, these restrictions are too obvious. Other than the central TV stations, only a few satellite channels can get high viewership across the country, and there are even fewer newspapers that can sell to the whole country. Magazines are at least weekly, and the timeliness is too low. So the future of the media should be on the Internet."

Lu Xinyi pursed her lips and thought for a while, then asked Li Mu, "How many netizens are there in the mainland now?"

Li Mu said, "There are less than 100 million now, and YY can now push any inquiries to more than 95% of the netizens in the mainland."

Lu Xinyi was so shocked that she couldn't close her mouth, "YY has such a high percentage of netizens?"

Li Mu nodded, smiled, and said confidently, "Let me put it this way. In the mainland, most netizens don't have their own computers, but they at least have their own YY number."

Lu Xinyi sighed, "I agree with this point. The penetration rate of private computers in the mainland is still not high. In fact, even in Hong Kong, the penetration rate of private computers is less than 30% of the total number of netizens."

Li Mu laughed, "The development of the Internet is very fast. In the future, not only will the speed of the Internet increase greatly, the information will be more diverse, and the price of hardware will continue to drop. The absolute number of private computers will continue to increase. Think about it, in the future in Hua Xia, there might be hundreds of millions of people reading the news on the Internet every day, and at least 20% of them will more or less read entertainment gossip. I'm afraid that no traditional media can compete with this channel. As a media person, other than the source of the news, isn't the distribution channel the most important?"

Lu Xinyi was speechless when she heard this. Currently, Hong Kong's local population was only about 6 million. Including the foreign population, there were more than 10 million. For a city, this number was indeed not small, but for a market, it was far from enough.

At present, the decline of Hong Kong's entertainment industry had become obvious. Hong Kong's film industry had been in a slump for several years, and the Hong Kong music industry was also affected by digital music and the Internet. There were more and more foreign music, and it was also more convenient. More and more young people stopped buying records, and the music industry was deeply affected.

The change of times had made Hong Kong's entertainment industry a little awkward. It seemed that the people no longer paid attention to the entertainment industry as much as before. Even media people like them, who worked in the entertainment industry news industry, felt that the market was getting smaller, and their future was worrying.

When Li Mu suddenly described a huge market with tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of viewers, Lu Xinyi couldn't help but yearn for it. However, she didn't know much about the Internet, and she didn't know what kind of opportunity she would have to transition into the direction of the Internet society.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly sent out an invitation, saying, "Miss Lu, if you have enough of Hong Kong, you can consider going to Yanjing. In fact, in the long run, the scenery in China is better. Makino Technology is now preparing to build the world's largest Chinese language portal on the basis of YY. Entertainment is a very important secondary category. If you are interested, I can make the decision now and give you the position of the chief editor of the entertainment section. You will be in charge of the entire entertainment section."

Although Lu Xinyi knew about Makino Technology and YY, she didn't know that YY was going to build a portal. This was internal information that YY had not announced to the public.

Just now, she was still wondering if there was a good way to cut into the Internet field in her current situation. She didn't expect such a great opportunity to fall right into her lap.

Lu Xinyi calmed herself down and looked at Li Mu without blinking. She asked, "Mr. Li, is what you said true?"

Li Mu nodded seriously and said solemnly, "The portal project has already started and will be ready to go online soon. If you are really interested, you can come to Yanjing anytime after tomorrow to join us."

As he said that, Li Mu reminded her again, "But the time left for you to think about it might not be too long. About half a month."

Lu Xinyi immediately said, "There's no need to think about it. I'm willing to join!"

Li Mu looked at her in surprise. "You've decided so quickly?

Shouldn't you at least talk about the salary requirements first? "

Lu Xinyi said with a firm expression, "There's no need to talk about it. I'm looking forward to joining Makino Technology."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and reached out his hand with a smile. He said, "Welcome to join us."

Lu Xinyi shook hands with Li Mu. She didn't know why she suddenly made such a big decision. But thinking about it carefully, it might be because she had been pursuing a breakthrough in her career for a long time, and Makino Technology was obviously a better opportunity.

At this time, a staff member walked to Li Mu and said in his ear, "Mr. Li, the party is almost over. President Xiao has booked a small dinner at the hotel. In addition to you and Miss Du, President Xiao has also invited my brother and a few other celebrities who are here today. If you are willing to come, please go with her later."

Li Mu didn't hesitate. He nodded lightly and said, "Then I'll go down and wait for her."

The staff member nodded, thanked him and turned to leave. Li Mu said to Lu Xinyi, "Miss Lu, please remember my phone number. Contact me before you go to Yanjing. I'll arrange for you to join."

Lu Xinyi nodded hurriedly and said, "I may need a few days to deal with the affairs in Hong Kong. I'll try to get to Yanjing next week."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, you decide the specific time, but don't be too late."

"Okay."

The two exchanged phone numbers and Li Mu hurried downstairs. When he returned to his seat, Zhang Guorong took the initiative to say to him, "I heard from Xiaowei that you're going back to the mainland tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "We have a lot of things to do. We have to go back early."

Zhang Guorong said, "I want to take Xiaowei to meet Lin Xi and some famous producers in Hong Kong."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good, but I may not be able to stay in Hong Kong with her …"

Mo Wenwei smiled and said, "I just told my brother that Xiaowei can stay with me for a few days in Hong Kong."

Li Mu was very curious and wanted to ask if Mo Wenwei was living with Feng Delun now. But since Mo Wenwei took the initiative to take Du Wei in, she shouldn't be living with her.

So Li Mu asked Du Wei, "Xiaowei, what do you think?"

Du Wei looked at Li Mu with big watery eyes and said shyly, "Brother Li Mu, I can take care of myself."

Li Mu immediately nodded and said, "Okay, I'll call your sister tonight."