Chapter 1488

After a period of publicity, "Crazy Stone" was about to be released nationwide.

Unlike in his previous life, this version of "Crazy Stone" was no longer a low-budget small production of two or three million yuan, but a standard commercial film with an investment of more than ten million yuan.

Moreover, there were also top actors in this movie. For example, Lau Tianwang, who played the role of Hong Kong's international thief, was still a super-first-class heavenly king actor in the Chinese film industry. With his participation, the movie attracted countless people's attention.

Lau Tianwang had not played a villain for many years, and even the second male lead was rare. However, in "Crazy Stone", the international thief he played could only be regarded as one of the many third male leads. On the contrary, the first and second male leads in this movie were all unknown actors. Many people said that it was incredible that this movie could invite Lau Tianwang to play a supporting role for a group of unknown actors. However, Ning Hao knew very well that the main reason why Lau Tianwang accepted this movie was because of the two signboards of Makino Image and Li Mu.

Because Li Mu deliberately pushed the release of "Crazy Stone" after SARS, there was almost no competition at this time.

More importantly, because the urban residents had just experienced the extremely depressed SARS epidemic, they needed a release emotionally and subconsciously. At this time, going to the cinema that they did not dare to go to before and watching a funny movie became the best choice for many people.

Ning Hao had been busy with the crew of "Flying Tigers". After "Crazy Stone" was released, he temporarily said goodbye to the crew and returned to Beijing to prepare for the release. During this time, he had gone to many test screenings all over the country. As expected, the reaction of the test screening of "Crazy Stone" was excellent. Almost all the audience laughed from beginning to end, and some people were even forced to go to the hospital for treatment because they laughed too presumptuously.

A movie with such good reviews from the public could also have a bumper harvest in the box office, so during this time, Ning Hao was in a particularly good mood.

It was going to be officially released soon. These days, Ning Hao focused all his energy on the premiere. In addition to the leading team, including Lau Tianwang, he also invited all the signed artists of Makino Image and some friends in the circle, but he did not invite Li Mu.

In Ning Hao's mind, Li Mu was his talent scout and his benefactor. Naturally, he hoped that Li Mu could appear at the premiere of his first movie. However, Ning Hao also knew very well that Li Mu was too busy now. He had made all kinds of big moves, which also proved that he had no time to participate in such unimportant things as the movie premiere.

On the way back to the city from Miyun, Li Mu called Ning Hao. As soon as he picked up, he asked Ning Hao, "How are the preparations going?"

Ning Hao said with a smile, "Everything is almost ready. Now we're just waiting for the real deal after the movie is released."

Li Mu asked him, "Do you have a mental estimate of the box office?"

Ning Hao replied, "The passing line is more than 100 million, and the excellent line is more than 200 million. If it can break 300 million, it will be a blessing from Buddha."

Li Mu said, "Judging from the quality of this movie, as long as the publicity and screening can keep up, 300 million should not be a problem."

Then, Li Mu said, "I heard that the premiere is going to be held soon?"

"Yes, the premiere will be held at 8 o 'clock next Friday night, and it will be officially released nationwide at midnight next Saturday."

Li Mu said, "Why didn't you tell me about the premiere?

Did you not want to invite me? "

Ning Hao hurriedly explained, "It's not that I didn't want to invite you, Li Zong. I was afraid that you would be too busy and cause trouble for you. You're now doing big deals that are worth hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars. How can you have extra energy to attend the premiere?"

Speaking of this, Ning Hao hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, are you free next Friday?

It would be great if you could spare a few hours to show your face at the scene! "

Li Mu said, "I've already promised Du Wei that I will go to her school to pick her up next Friday. So, even if you don't invite me, I will come uninvited."

Ning Hao was excited. "That's great!

If you, Li Zong, also attend the premiere, then I am confident that the box office will exceed 300 million. "

…

Before the motorcade returned to the city, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei to book a hotel for Larry Page. After the motorcade sent Larry Page to the hotel, they sent Li Mu to Makino Technology.

At this time, more than 12 hours had passed since Google's decision to fully accept the acquisition of Muye & Baidu. This matter could not be completely kept a secret, so it quickly spread in Silicon Valley.

The entire Silicon Valley was now discussing this shocking acquisition. Among them, the entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley could see what had happened to Google, so it was inevitable that they would feel sad for Google. On the other hand, ordinary people in the industry were extremely shocked by the upcoming acquisition. They could not believe that Google's ability to resist risks was so weak, and they did not expect that Makino Technology's influence on the industry had reached such an incredible level.

In the eyes of most people, Google's acquisition this time was extremely failed. It was even more unbelievable that they were willing to accept such a harsh acquisition request. Many people in the industry asked their friends in the process of talking about this matter, "Is Google's brain jammed by a door?

Why did they agree to such a crazy acquisition agreement?

Many people said that even if Google really wanted to compromise with Makino Technology in the end, they should not compromise in this way, because this kind of compromise was too embarrassing.

However, what surprised Silicon Valley was that although people in the technology field could not understand why Google made such a decision, the capital market's current prospects for Google almost instantly changed from gloomy to sunny.

The capital market did not care at all, and there was no need for them to care about Google's current equity structure. They only cared about Google's future development prospects. In their view, Google's next step was not only to eliminate a heavyweight competitor, but also to maintain its position as the world's number one in the search engine field. It could also obtain a large amount of resources from a giant company like Makino Technology. Therefore, no matter what percentage of Google's shares Makino Technology owned, Google's future prospects were great.

Therefore, the capital market immediately adjusted the valuation of Google, and many financial institutions also carried out new assessments. In their view, the biggest real estate in Silicon Valley was not technology patents, nor was it company property, but Li Mu.