Chapter 817

Other than Weibo and blogs, Sina's journey in the next decade was lackluster. However, Li Mu always believed that Sina, as a portal website, had the best control of content and hot topics among all the domestic portals.

Among them, Chen Tong, as Sina's most senior content operator, deserved the most credit.

Whether it was blogs or Weibo, they were both very simple products. A small team could develop them in a short time. Therefore, the threshold for blogs and Weibo was very low. However, it was extremely difficult to develop these two products. The reason was that the entry threshold was very low, but the development threshold was very high.

Whether it was blogs or Weibo, they were just display tools. It could be said that one was a cinema screen, and the other was a television screen. The real test was the content that was presented to the users through different screens.

In Li Mu's opinion, the success of Sina Weibo was due to three factors. First, Twitter provided this new model. Second, Sina Weibo had many years of success and the accumulation of a large number of celebrity blogs. Third, Chen Tong's extremely professional management of content.

In fact, Sina Weibo's success was also due to Chen Tong's management and control of content.

Therefore, in Li Mu's eyes, Sina Weibo's success was due to two of the three factors.

Because he believed in Chen Tong's sensitivity to content, Li Mu deliberately gave him a specific example from Tieba just now. He wanted to give him a hint in advance to see what kind of ideas he could come up with in the current 2002.

The example that Li Mu gave just now had already revealed a few key points.

First of all, as long as it was high-quality original content, it must have the potential to be widely disseminated.

Second, users had already shown their demand for all kinds of high-quality original content with practical actions. Many original content could not be provided by portal websites.

Third, users had already developed a mentality of following the creators of high-quality content. In other words, not only the content of celebrities would receive attention.

All these points had been thrown out. In fact, the need for a new medium was already clear enough. It was an open personal column.

Therefore, after revealing the relevant information, Li Mu deliberately asked Chen Tong, "Senior Fellow Apprentice Chen, in your opinion, for the high-quality content created by netizens, how should we carry it, encourage and guide it?"

Chen Tong thought about it seriously for a long time and said to Li Mu with some uncertainty, "I can think of a product model to carry this kind of content, but it might not be practical."

Li Mu said, "The two of us are just chatting. Go ahead."

Chen Tong said, "There's a type of blog that's been very popular overseas in the past two years. Its original name is Web-log, which means weblog. It's actually a personal column that's open to the entire internet. Users can write all kinds of content in the blog, and others can directly visit the blog and follow the content they post."

When Li Mu heard this, he said with a surprised expression, "So Senior Brother Chen has also studied blogs."

Chen Tong said, "I've studied it before. There have been people in China who tried it before, but the users didn't seem to be too impressed. Later on, no one tried this anymore, so I'm worried that this model won't be able to adapt to the local climate."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Why would the users not adapt to the local climate?"

Chen Tong frowned. He didn't know much about products, so he couldn't tell why the users in China didn't like blogs.

After thinking for a long time, Chen Tong could only shrug awkwardly. "I think it might have something to do with the habits of our netizens. I'm not sure about the specifics."

In fact, the popularity of blogs in China had been lukewarm. Sina only launched the blog function in June 2005. Compared to this product idea that was born in 1998, Sina took six to seven years to enter the market. This was enough to prove that they didn't think highly of blogs for a long time.

The reason why blogs became popular in China was that a netizen named Mu Zimei had posted her pornographic diary on a forum. This kind of large-scale documentary vernacular immediately attracted the attention of countless netizens. It was at this time that the domestic Internet industry realized that the Internet needed a platform that could support a popular person like Mu Zimei and her pornographic diary.

At that time, everyone suddenly realized that blogs, which existed a few years ago, were the most suitable platform to carry people like "Mu Zimei" and her personal original content.

After that, blogs started to appear on the Internet like mushrooms after a spring rain. It was also at that time that blogs got a Chinese transliteration name: Blog.

Even the translation of the name was a few years late. It was enough to show that the people in China did not have high hopes for blogs at that time.

Facing Chen Tong's uncertain attitude, Li Mu smiled and said, "Senior Chen, let me analyze for you from the product point of view. Why a small number of people who tried to develop blogs in China failed, and why they gave you and others the illusion that blogs in China can't be developed."

Chen Tong sat up straight and said, "Li Zong, please go ahead."

Li Mu smiled and said, "What do you think the product needs first?"

Chen Tong thought for a while and said, "Planning?

Positioning? "

Li Mu shook his head. "No. The first thing the product needs is soil."

Chen Tong was very surprised. "Isn't what the product manager does all about researching the product's functions, positioning, and product experience?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're talking about ordinary product managers."

Then, Li Mu said, "Let me explain to you why I said the first thing the product needs is soil."

Chen Tong nodded and said, "I'm all ears."

Li Mu asked him, "If I tell you that I have a product idea to make an online movie website and upload a large number of digital movies to my website for users to watch online, do you think there's a problem with this idea?"

Chen Tong said, "No problem. Videos are the most urgent way to present content to netizens. But if you want to make it a little bigger, I'm afraid the speed and bandwidth problems can't be solved, right?

It's already hard to make a news video that is less than a minute long, let alone a 90 minute long movie. "

When Sina wanted to do online video news, their biggest problem was streaming media. They could not achieve this. But Li Mu used his streaming media solution, powerful servers, and bandwidth to successfully introduce online video news. But because of the bandwidth limitations, they must use short videos, and the number of short videos must not be high. If not, YY website will not be able to handle a large number of users watching at the same time.

Li Mu looked at Chen Tong and smiled. "Seems like Senior Chen is also touched by this."

"That's right. I am touched …" Chen Tong smiled awkwardly and nodded.

Li Mu said, "Look, you and I both know that video is a good entry point, but our country's network bandwidth isn't enough to support the development of such a product for the time being. That's why the soil isn't enough. In a situation where the soil isn't enough, no matter how good the product's functions are, no matter how accurate the positioning is, if it's planted in soil that doesn't meet the requirements, it will still die."

After Chen Tong heard this, he suddenly grasped a key point that enlightened him.

He finally figured out Li Mu's thinking. Actually, Li Mu did not want to ask him for a solution. He had already thought of a solution, and his solution was a blog!

Thinking about it carefully, the reason why Chinese entrepreneurs failed to develop blogs in the past was just like what Li Mu said. This good product did not meet the requirements in China. Trying to plant it is like planting crops in saline soil. It will be strange if it succeeds.

But the previous blogs did not have any soil. Now, there is soil?

Chen Tong looked at Li Mu and asked him seriously. "Li Zong, do you think China has the foundation for the development of blogs?"

Li Mu also nodded seriously. "We have just entered the best window period for launching a blog."

Li Mu was not a hothead who only knew a little about the Internet and only knew how to copy. If he did not have the foundation laid in advance by Tieba, he would have died miserably in 2002 when he started blogging. This was because this product did not meet the requirements in the domestic market at all. No soil meant that there was no content to support it at all. It was equivalent to building electric lamps in the absence of electricity.

However, the current 2002 was no longer the 2002 of his previous life. In his previous life, Hua Xia's Internet was still in an era where a few people created content and most people digested it. These groups that digested content did not have the impulse to create content.

However, after nearly a year of operation, Li Mu's Tieba had greatly aroused the interest of all the people on the Internet in creating content. So much so that in an environment where a large number of users created a large number of content, some users had begun to diligently create high-quality content.

Tieba was extremely easy to get started. Any keyword or even any symbol that met the law could be used to build a Tieba. It had a great degree of freedom. After being online for a year, there were already more than one million different Tieba. Tens of millions of netizens were immersed in it. After a year of edification, everyone had entered the stage of national content creation, which had already laid a solid foundation for the development of blogs.

Li Mu said to Chen Tong, "There are more than 100 million registered users in Tieba. The daily active users are second only to YY, which is also in the tens of millions. The total number of Tieba has reached more than one million, and it continues to grow at a rate of thousands every day. Tieba generates tens of millions of new posts and replies every day. This figure is now very close to 100 million … Based on these figures, do you think it's suitable to start a blog now?"

Chen Tong had been working as a portal for a long time, and he still believed in the media: a small number of professionals creating professional content for a large number of people. However, when Li Mu told him about the data of Tieba, his thinking immediately changed dramatically.

Chen Tong's face showed a look of disbelief and excitement. He said to Li Mu with great certainty, "It's suitable!

It couldn't be more suitable! "

Li Mu looked at him, smiled indifferently, and said, "Brother Chen, go back and prepare your proposal. The blog will be yours in the future!"

…