Chapter 1561

It was almost noon.

William's Twitter data had increased by a large margin.

In half a morning, this Twitter post had become the most followed by the British netizens. Furthermore, the British netizens' appeal and recognition of 3321 had not decreased at all. People were looking forward to 3321 coming to the UK, or someone in the UK coming forward and making a product similar to 3321.

Even the news media had begun to participate in the discussion. Many experts in the field of education had begun to comment on 3321's model and analyze whether 3321 was suitable for the UK. Most experts believed that 3321, a targeted tutoring intermediary platform, was extremely suitable for the UK's situation.

The cost of education in the UK and the US was very high. The price of manpower was high, and the price of materials was equally high.

In Europe and the US, the price of printed books was extremely high, especially teaching materials. Basically, the price of a single book was more than 100 US dollars. It sounded incredible, but it was the reality. Just the books and teaching materials alone had greatly increased the cost of education for students. Children from poor families could not even afford to buy teaching materials, let alone go to university.

Students usually went to a training school or hired a tutor. Not only was it expensive, but the teaching standards varied. However, 3321's model was much more transparent. Every student who wished to work part-time as a tutor on 3321 had to disclose their past results, their current university results, and their major in university. This way, parents could intuitively see the comprehensive level of each student and their strengths and weaknesses. They could use this as a reference to choose a suitable tutor based on their child's actual situation.

In short, most of the education experts and scholars believed that, unless it was in the high-welfare countries with highly developed education benefits in Northern Europe, most countries in the world needed a charity platform like 3321. This was because there was a gap between the rich and the poor in most countries. In most countries, many students faced financial pressure in their studies. Without 3321, it would be difficult for them to find a stage to display their most advantageous knowledge. Therefore, they could only plunge into McDonald's or other fast food restaurants after school with a solid academic standard. They would be busy at the cash register or in front of the fryer. 3321, on the other hand, could give them a platform to focus on exposure, allowing them to use their most valuable skills and opportunities to create value.

University students all over the UK also expressed great expectations for 3321. Although not everyone was interested in tutoring, such a platform was as pure and impeccable as Utopia for these young and idealistic students. No one would refuse such a pure platform.

In just two hours, the groundwork for 3321's arrival in the UK had almost reached a state of saturation. All the young people, netizens, and the people who received this news began to look forward to 3321's arrival in the UK.

The Queen was in a good mood. It was almost time for the lunch, so she stood up and said to Li Mu with a smile, "Mr. Li, we have prepared a very sumptuous lunch. It's almost time. Please move to the banquet hall."

Li Mu nodded and walked with her to the largest banquet hall in Buckingham Palace.

Li Ziwei and Anne Hathaway followed silently behind the entire Windsor family.

At the entrance of the banquet hall, at the end of this magnificent corridor, the Queen and other members of the royal family did not immediately arrange for Li Mu and the others to be seated. Prince Charles, who had disappeared before, was nowhere to be seen.

However, only a moment later, Prince Charles walked over with a team of royal guards in uniform.

The royal guards were divided into two rows and neatly followed behind Prince Charles.

Prince Charles walked straight to the Queen and handed a small, beautifully packaged rectangular box to the Queen's hand.

The Queen took it, then turned to face Li Mu, and said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, the royal family often invites talents like you to Buckingham Palace. Under normal circumstances, we will honor qualified visitors. We originally intended to publicly honor you after inviting Mr. Lee to Buckingham Palace, but because you don't want to announce your itinerary in advance, the public honor can't take shape, so we can only complete the honor in private."

Honor?

Li Mu was slightly surprised. The word was a little strange to him, and it took him a while to understand. Then he remembered that the United Kingdom itself was a constitutional monarchy. Although the royal family did not interfere in politics, the symbol of imperial power still existed. With the symbol of imperial power, the title of nobility naturally also existed. Just like the old-money members he saw at the Goldberg family's salon before, most of them were nobles with titles in the United Kingdom.

Since there was a division of titles, there was no doubt that it was the Queen, the nominal monarch, who had the final say on the title.

Only she had the right to confer the title of nobility to others.

However, the title of nobility was more or less useful to the British, but for foreigners, it was basically an honor.

Li Mu recalled some news clips. In the clips, there were indeed reports of the Queen of England conferring honors on certain celebrities, such as Bill Gates, Beckham, Li Jiacheng, Shao Yifu, and other celebrities who had been honored by the Queen.

At this time, the Queen opened the box handed over by Prince Charles and said to Li Mu very seriously, "Mr. Li, I have seen so many young talents in my life, but I can't think of a second one in my memory who can compare with your achievements. In fact, I can't even think of a person who can come close to your achievements. You created the world's largest Internet company and the world's largest Internet software. You provided so many excellent platforms that people all over the world can communicate unimpeded on the platforms you created. This includes YY, YYtunes, Twitter, and even a variety of fascinating games launched by YY. Even an old man like me has become a loyal user of these products."

After a pause, the Queen continued, "Before this, we had never felt that the world was so small, and that the distance between people was so close. It was you who made hundreds of millions of online users break through the boundaries of languages, borders, and oceans, and brought them together. This is a great pioneering undertaking and a great revolution. What makes us admire you even more is that you have created such brilliant achievements at such a young age."

Li Mu was a little embarrassed by the Queen's words. He hurriedly said, "You flatter me. I'm not as good as you say …"

The Queen smiled and said, "What amazes me the most is not just your achievements in the field of the Internet, but the passion and kindness in your young body. We have learned about 3321 and the efforts you have made for the students of Hua Xia. This has opened our eyes, amazed us, and made us even more envious of you. We have also learned about your 'Undying Veterans'. This is the most war-related charity activity that has touched me since the end of World War II in 1945. I grew up during the war era, and I know the cruelty of war, and I also know the sacrifices and contributions those veterans have made for world peace. War has been away from us for nearly 60 years. Many people have forgotten about war and those soldiers who sacrificed their lives for peace and justice in that sorrowful era. However, I did not expect you to launch such a large-scale charity activity to call on people to remember history and remember these gradually withered veterans."

At this point, the Queen sighed and said, "I have really seen the documentary of the American Flying Tigers accepting your invitation to go to Hua Xia. I have watched it more than once, and I have cried more than once. Therefore, I am also inspired. I hope that on next year's Victory Day in Europe, there will be a reunion of veterans in England. Not only British veterans, but also French veterans, American veterans, and even Soviet veterans. I have to thank you for giving us such an inspiration, so that we will not forget those heroes who have made great contributions to us and the world."

"Now, the whole world is paying attention to you, especially those young people like you. They all regard you as an idol and follow in your footsteps. I have seen the video of your speech at Harvard, and I have also seen the admiration and admiration of the students at Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Before this, there has never been a young man who could bring such a strong positive guidance to the world and the young people of this world. The significance behind this is too great, and it may affect an entire generation of the world. Therefore, I sincerely thank you for all the efforts you have made for this world, and sincerely hope that you can continue to do so, bring the young people of the world together, set an example for the young people of the world, bring more incredible changes to this world, and make this world a better place."

Li Mu nodded repeatedly and said seriously, "I will definitely do my best."

The Queen nodded slightly and said with a smile, "Mr. Li Mu, in view of the many outstanding and significant contributions that Your Excellency has made to the world, on behalf of the British royal family, I confer Your Excellency the British Empire Grand Cross Medal of the Great British Empire. I hope that Your Excellency can continue to work hard and bring greater changes to the world!"

After saying that, the Queen opened the exquisite rectangular box. Inside lay a golden cross medal with a purple ribbon.

Li Mu did not quite understand what level the British Empire Grand Cross Medal of the Great British Empire Grand Cross Medal was and what it represented. However, he knew that as long as one was not a British person, these titles were just an honor, so he did not care what level it was.