Chapter 1138

In fact, Li Mu did not have a good impression of Harvey. He always felt that this kind of person was somewhat contrary to his mainstream values. Harvey was a person who especially liked to show off his authority, and he had no moral integrity to speak of. He was good at playing all kinds of unspoken rules, grey transactions, and under-the-table operations. He even did some swindling and deceiving people for money. With such a person, Li Mu was a little worried about even making an ordinary friend, and he always felt that he would be sold out by him.

Harvey's attitude in wanting to meet Li Mu was very sincere. He knew Li Mu's situation and also knew the gap between him and himself. If he was in the United States, it would be too impolite and insincere to contact Li Mu directly and say that he wanted to meet him. Therefore, he could only come first. After arriving at Hua Xia, he said that he had arrived. He came all the way here just to meet Li Mu and see if Li Mu would meet him for this sake.

After receiving this news, Li Mu almost immediately rejected Harvey's request to meet. The reason was that this person was really not of much use to Li Mu.

If Li Mu wanted to go to Hollywood to open a film company, find directors, find actors, make movies, and earn box office, then looking for Harvey could basically solve all problems in a one-stop manner. After all, he was a wily old fox in the industry, and he was very familiar with the entire industry. However, Li Mu was not prepared to go to Hollywood and start from the most basic content side. This kind of thing could be directly packaged and bought over ready-made film and television companies. What he really wanted to do was to control Hollywood!

Li Mu's plan for the future of Hollywood was to first use the ticketing system to take the share of the box office into his own hands, and then use the box office resources to expand downstream, which was to invest and buy cinema chains himself, and hold the cinema chains in his hands.

When the ticketing system and cinema chains became popular, the combined influence could not be underestimated. At that time, he could also release his influence to the entire upstream. If he could thoroughly understand the upstream, coupled with the operation of capital, he could directly control the entire Hollywood.

Under this huge structure, even if Harvey had a great influence in Hollywood, in Li Mu's eyes, he was still worlds apart from himself. He was not an ideal partner at all.

Harvey, who had come all the way to Hua Xia, did not expect that Li Mu would directly reject his request to meet. He was in a dilemma for a while. He did not have Li Mu's contact information. The only thing he could do was to contact Makino Image and continue to convey his hope to meet Li Mu.

However, for the employees of Makino Image, as long as Li Mu said he didn't want to see them, they would never ask Li Mu a second time. Therefore, no matter how Harvey asked them for help or how he tried to persuade them to pass on the message, they just ignored him.

Seeing that there was no effect, Harvey suddenly became anxious. The reason why he came all the way to visit Hua Xia was to get the Mu Ying ticketing system. He did not expect that Li Mu would not even give him a chance to visit Hua Xia.

However, Harvey was not someone who would give up easily. He put down all his work and came to Hua Xia. If he did not see Li Mu, he would not be willing to go back just like that. Therefore, he thought about it and wondered if there was anyone who could help him mediate between Li Mu and Li Mu at this critical moment. Putting aside whether it would work or not, he would at least let him meet Li Mu.

Harvey thought for a long time. Among the people he knew, the only one who could mediate between him and Li Mu was probably Spielberg. After all, he had successfully invited Li Mu to his dinner party, which proved that he had a certain personal relationship with Li Mu.

Thinking of this, Harvey immediately called Spielberg. At this time, Spielberg, who was one step behind Harvey, had just landed in Yanjing.

The moment Spielberg landed, he immediately called Li Mu, just in time to avoid Harvey's call.

Li Mu had exchanged phone numbers with him at Spielberg's charity dinner, but they had not contacted each other since they returned to China. Seeing the prompt on his phone, Li Mu immediately smiled and answered the call.

Before Spielberg said anything, he already knew the purpose of Spielberg's call. He had introduced the Mu Ying ticketing system to him before, but Spielberg might not have understood it very well, or maybe he had said it in an abstract way. At that time, Spielberg was not really interested in it. However, this time, Li Mu took advantage of the fact that the Mu Ying ticketing system was targeted by dozens of film and television companies. Coupled with the overseas publicity strategy, the Mu Ying ticketing system gained a lot of attention and recognition in the West in a short time, and Spielberg was certainly no exception.

Therefore, Li Mu felt that Spielberg's call this time must be about the Mu Ying ticketing system.

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Director Spielberg, why do you have time to call me?"

Spielberg's voice was heard, "Hello, Mr. Li. I'm calling to ask if everything is going well recently."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's been good recently. How about you?"

"I'm also good."

Spielberg said with a smile, "I've been preparing a new movie recently, and it may be shot in Hua Xia, so I came to see it in person. I haven't seen you for a long time, so I want to make an appointment with you to meet and talk about the old days."

"Oh?

You're in Hua Xia? "

"Yes, I'm in Yanjing now."

Spielberg said and added, "By the way, I'm going to let Annie play the female lead in the new movie, so this time she also came with me to familiarize herself with the environment in Hua Xia and feel the charm of Chinese. She also happened to say that she wants to meet you."

After Spielberg said this, he felt a little guilty.

He really didn't want to lie, especially to drag a 20-year-old girl to lie with him. But this matter was too important for him, so he could only use the safest way. Because he was not familiar with Li Mu, he was not sure whether Li Mu was sincere about the cooperation model or just said it casually. Now he wanted to cooperate with Li Mu. If they talked directly on the phone, once Li Mu's intention to cooperate was not so strong, he could just find an excuse to dodge the phone. But if they talked face to face, the chances of success would be much higher.

Spielberg didn't want his motive to come to Hua Xia to be too obvious, so he used the excuse of surveying and shooting to catch up with Li Mu, and then talked about the Mu Ying ticketing system.

And Spielberg also thought about bringing Annie Hathaway here. When they talked about the system, Annie Hathaway was also on the scene. If he mentioned it to Li Mu in front of Annie Hathaway, as a man, Li Mu would not be able to deny it or go back on his words. With Annie Hathaway by his side, it would definitely have a buff effect.

It was normal in the film and television industry for a director to find a location for his own movie. Moreover, the stage of finding a location was the preparation stage of the movie. This process was still the initial stage of the movie project, and the outside world rarely heard of it. Even if they did, they might not know the specific script and shooting plan. Therefore, Spielberg's explanation was not a problem.

Even if he didn't shoot the movie in Hua Xia in the end, it didn't matter. As long as he said that he found a better choice during the shooting, so he gave up on Hua Xia, no one could find fault with him.

Moreover, Spielberg had also thought about it. If Li Mu really took out the Mu Ying ticketing system and cooperated with him in North America, he would really come to Hua Xia to shoot a movie, and he would bring Li Mu and Li Mu's Makino Image to cooperate with each other. In this way, they could deepen their cooperation and bind each other.

If it weren't for the fact that Li Mu had paid close attention to Spielberg in his previous life, Li Mu would barely believe half of his words. But because Li Mu knew him very well and could even be said to be his fan, Li Mu didn't believe him at all.

The reason was very simple. Li Mu knew that Spielberg had shot "Empire of the Sun" in Hua Xia in the 1980s, but he had never shot a movie in Hua Xia. Now he had finished "Cat and Mouse", and his next movie was "Terminal Happiness", which was released in 2004, which had nothing to do with Hua Xia. So when Spielberg said that he would shoot a new movie in Hua Xia, it was simply a lie.

This was the advantage of being reborn. Li Mu knew many of his next moves better than Spielberg did. At this time, Spielberg lied to Li Mu, and Li Mu could see through him at a glance.

After seeing through his lie, Li Mu realized that Spielberg must have come to Hua Xia for his Mu Ying ticketing system.

The North American film market was so mature, and so was the Internet. However, there was a lack of products that could connect the Internet and the film and television industry. So once the Mu Ying ticketing system was launched in North America, it would be a great success. Spielberg was not only a successful director, but also a successful businessman, so he must be able to see the profit margin behind this system.

Although Spielberg was still lying at such an old age, which made Li Mu feel a little helpless, in general, he was more inclined to cooperate with people like Spielberg, because Spielberg not only had a good business sense, but also had a strong influence and artistic attainments. Overall, Spielberg did not have any dark history. It was much more reassuring to cooperate with such a person than with Harvey.

So Li Mu did not expose his lie. He said with a smile, "You all came to Hua Xia?

That's great. I'll definitely hold a welcoming dinner for you according to the customs of Huaxia. "

Speaking of this, Li Mu changed the topic and sighed, "But Director Spielberg, I'm not in Yan Jing now. You can do your business first, and we'll meet again when you're done."

Hearing that Li Mu wanted to welcome him, Spielberg was relieved. No matter what the result was, as long as he could meet Li Mu face to face, and Anne Hathaway was there, his chances of success would be much higher. He was afraid that he would not have a chance to meet Li Mu. If that happened, the success rate would be greatly reduced.