Chapter 881

Li Mu had just finished writing out the overall structure of Plants vs Zombies when Su Yingxue arrived in Yanjing.

Li Mu didn't go to the airport to pick her up, because she had an appointment with her cousin, Wang Xinran, to arrive at Yanjing airport one after the other.

Wang Shaohua and Yuehua drove to pick up the two girls. Su Yingxue's plane landed first, and she came out to meet her aunt and uncle first. The three of them chatted for a while before Wang Xinran arrived.

Wang Xinran had been on Egret Island for nearly two months, and her skin was slightly tanned, but her temperament seemed even better. She was wearing a floral dress and a fashionable straw hat, looking like she had just come back from the beach.

Wang Xinran saw her parents and sister waiting for her, and ran over excitedly. She plunged into Su Yingxue's arms and said excitedly, "Sis, I missed you so much!"

Su Yingxue hugged her and smiled, "I saw that you've become prettier after staying on Egret Island for two months!"

Wang Xinran stuck out her tongue, "Prettier? I've almost turned into a charcoal!"

After that, Wang Xinran hugged her parents, and said with a sigh, "I thought it would be done by the end of August, but I didn't expect it to take so long."

Wang Shaohua took Wang Xinran's suitcase from her hands, and as the four of them walked out, Wang Shaohua asked her, "How was the filming?

Are you satisfied with your performance? "

"Not satisfied."

Wang Xinran said, "Du Wei's acting is too good. She didn't even learn how to act, and yet she could act so well. I even took a year of acting classes, and I'm considered a semi-professional actor, but my acting is far worse than hers."

Su Yuehua smiled, "You didn't drag the crew down, did you?

Your Brother Li Mu introduced you to them, and it wouldn't be right if you tarnished his reputation. "

Wang Xinran quickly said, "Why would I? Although I didn't act as well as Du Wei, the director said I acted well, and exceeded his expectations for the role."

Su Yuehua nodded, "That's good. Have you guys finished filming the entire movie?

Or are you the only one? "

Wang Xinran said, "Most of the actors have finished filming, except for the scenes between the male and female leads. It should be done in a few days."

Su Yuehua quickly asked, "Did they say when it will be released?

Your dad and I will book the theater, and invite our relatives and friends to go to the theater to support you! "

Wang Xinran said, "The director didn't say. I guess he's not very clear about it, because this movie is invested by Brother Li's company. After the post-production is completed, the company will determine the distribution details, including the theater schedule."

Wang Shaohua said, "It's already September, and it hasn't been officially finished yet. In this case, the movie will have to wait until the end of this year to be released."

Wang Xinran nodded. "It's very likely for Christmas, New Year's, or Chinese New Year's. I heard that Brother Li Mu has also invested in a movie that's currently being filmed in Yuzhou. It's a comedy, and Liu Tianwang is one of the main actors. Both of our movies started filming at about the same time. It should be filmed at Christmas, New Year's, or Chinese New Year's."

Su Yuehua said, "That will take at least three more months. I thought you would be able to watch it after the National Day holiday …"

Wang Xinran smiled and said, "Mom, how can a movie be so simple? Especially a big movie that's released in a regular cinema. The post-production is especially troublesome. It's already good enough if it can be released at the end of the year!"

Su Yuehua said helplessly, "Well, then your father and I will hold back and wait."

Wang Xinran smiled and nodded. Then, she took Su Yingxue's arm and said, "Sister, Brother Li Mu will treat us to dinner tonight?"

Su Yingxue said, "Yeah, he texted me just now to say that he's already arrived at the restaurant."

Wang Xinran turned around and glanced at her parents who were following behind. She smiled and said in a low voice, "Sister, you have such good taste. You found such a good boyfriend like brother-in-law. Can you share some of your experience with me?"

Su Yingxue shook her head helplessly. "When you report to the Film Academy, will you still have to worry about not having good boys?"

Wang Xinran curled her lips and said disdainfully, "There are no good boys in the Film Academy!

He's just a little good-looking. He has no inner qualities at all. Compared to my brother-in-law, he's worlds apart. "

Before knowing about Li Mu's background, Wang Xinran was still an eighteen -year-old girl who would be a little smitten when she saw a handsome guy. However, after seeing Li Mu's amazing achievements, she had matured a lot. Using Li Mu as an example, the handsome guys in the Film Academy were indeed not worth praising.

…

Wang Shaohua drove the three of them to the restaurant that Li Mu had booked in advance. When the four of them entered the private room, Li Mu had been waiting there for a long time.

As soon as Wang Xinran entered the room, she affectionately called Li Mu brother. In her opinion, the current Li Mu was simply a living legend.

It was no wonder that during the period when Wang Xinran was filming on Egret Island, Li Mu was frequently exposed. He appeared in the newspapers almost every day.

Not only the domestic media, but even the foreign media also competed to report on him. This was really incredible for a twenty-year-old young man.

At the age of twenty, Hua Xia could only enjoy a certain degree of praise in the world, which was a special group of top athletes. What's more, Li Mu did not rely on a certain specialty to become famous at home and abroad. He relied on business and Internet talents that amazed the world, as well as his incredible ability to make money, which was even rarer. He was completely unique.

Li Mu greeted Wang Xinran's family of three with a smile, and then whispered a few words to Su Yingxue. Then Li Mu pointed to the main seat and said to Wang Shaohua, "Uncle Wang, please sit down first."

Wang Shaohua hurriedly said, "No, no, you sit down first. I'll sit here with your Aunt Su."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're an elder, don't be so polite to me. It's really inappropriate for me to sit here. You sit down, we can sit anywhere."

Wang Shaohua felt a little nervous in his heart. He couldn't help but look at his wife Su Yuehua. Su Yuehua said with a smile, "You sit down, Li Mu is not an outsider."

Hearing Su Yuehua's words, the anxiety in Wang Shaohua's heart gradually dissipated. He sat down in the main seat. Su Yuehua was not in a hurry to sit down, but smiled at Li Mu and said, "Li Mu, you sit next to your Uncle Wang. Let's see if you two want to have a drink later."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I don't have anything to do. If Uncle Wang wants to drink, I'll drink with you."

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "Then let's drink a little."

Li Mu nodded slightly, then took Su Yingxue and sat down next to Wang Shaohua. Wang Xinran looked around. She didn't sit next to her mother, but sat next to Su Yingxue.

After sitting down, Li Mu asked the waiter to come in to order. As soon as the waiter came in, Li Mu invited Wang Shaohua to order.

Wang Shaohua didn't know why, but he felt a little nervous.

In fact, it was not only Wang Xinran who felt that Li Mu's height was really admirable. Even Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua hadn't seen Li Mu for a long time. When they saw him again, they could clearly feel that the temperament of this young man was very different from before.

Now looking at Li Mu again, although he was still very respectful to the two elders, it could be seen from his eyebrows, eyes, and even a faint smile on his face that Li Mu's heart and momentum had become stronger, and there was a little more omnipresent pressure.

Wang Shaohua felt this change in Li Mu the most obvious. He felt that Li Mu was now in the most confident stage. Maybe the unexpected popularity of Makino Technology overseas gave this young man greater confidence and vision. But after thinking about it, Wang Shaohua also felt that this feeling might have something to do with the benefits he had gained from Li Mu.

Since Secretary Liu, the head of the Construction Committee, knew that Wang Shaohua had a friendship with Li Mu, he really cared about Wang Shaohua and cultivated him as a confidant of the confidant.

Because he was regarded as a confidant by the head of the Construction Committee, Wang Shaohua's status in the Construction Committee suddenly improved a lot. At present, in the Construction Committee, everyone had to give Wang Shaohua face. No one dared to make things difficult for him, and no one even dared to look at him. Although Wang Shaohua himself was not a person who fought for power, he was in a much better mood at work when he got this kind of care.

In addition, Wang Shaohua had the opportunity to be promoted by two levels at the end of this year and directly take the position of a director with real power. This matter had been approved by the Construction Committee and would be announced at the end of the year.

It was Secretary Liu who proposed and led the implementation of this leapfrogging promotion. Wang Shaohua knew very well that Secretary Liu did him such a big favor because of Li Mu, so he had always felt that it was almost because of Li Mu that he could be put in an important position from almost being suspended for investigation to now being put in an important position. This earth-shaking change was almost all because of Li Mu's help.

Because of this, Wang Shaohua involuntarily lowered his head in front of Li Mu in his heart. The humble feeling arose spontaneously from the bottom of his heart, and it was difficult to suppress it even if he wanted to.

Li Mu didn't feel anything else. He had long forgotten that he had done Wang Shaohua a favor in front of the leaders of the Construction Committee. When Wang Shaohua ordered the dishes, he asked Wang Xinran how it felt to shoot in Egret Island.

Wang Xinran was very excited as soon as they talked about shooting. She talked about all kinds of interesting things about her shooting in Egret Island.

For Wang Xinran, it was already very lucky to be able to participate in the shooting of the movie "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years". What was more unexpected was that she had already played the second female lead in a movie before she entered the gate of the Film Academy. There were hundreds of freshmen in the Performance Department of the Film Academy. Those who had already shot a big movie before school started could be counted with two hands.