Chapter 1776

Davidson Goldberg, the head of the Goldberg family, had been living in Yanjing for a few days now.

These days, he had been thinking about Li Ziwei's request to meet with Li Mu, but Li Mu had not taken him seriously.

In Li Mu's opinion, although this old man was not too bad, he was not a good person either. He was only a little better than the old guys on Wall Street.

Considering that he had given him a Premier League club, although Li Mu did not pay attention to him, he did not directly say that if the old man was still in the mood to wait, then he would let him wait in Yanjing.

However, this old man was really patient. He simply stayed in Yanjing and did not leave. Then, all the family affairs were handled remotely. In fact, he had already made plans to spend the summer in Yanjing. No matter what, he had to show full sincerity to Li Mu.

For the Goldberg family and the HSBC capital they controlled, Li Mu was the key to maintaining their status as a giant and continuing to move forward. Getting the IPO underwriting qualification for Makino Technology also meant getting the IPO underwriting qualification for Taobao. Then, there would be other companies that Li Mu invested in and other companies that relied on Li Mu's ecosystem to survive. These would almost all follow in Li Mu's footsteps.

Makino Technology was like a train that no one knew how long it was. If the front of the train passed by this station, then all the subsequent carriages would pass by this station. Davidson really could not accept such a loss.

Therefore, every day in the five-star hotel where he stayed, he was only waiting for an opportunity to show his sincerity in front of Li Mu, looking forward to re-establishing a partnership with Li Mu.

In contrast, Li Mu was in a much better mood.

With the continuous development of YY, YY website, YY game platform, Weibo, Twitter, Paradise Town, and Plants vs Zombies, the number of YY users was increasing all over the world. It had become the Internet product with the largest number of users in the world.

On this basis, YY's value-added payment business developed very smoothly. The number of members exceeded 100 million, which meant that the monthly membership income would exceed 200 million US dollars. This did not include other value-added income, advertising income, and so on.

There was also a large income base from YY's cooperation with global operators. Developing YY functions on mobile devices and using operators to charge users monthly fees and information fees would also bring Makino Technology more than 100 million US dollars every month.

Weibo and Twitter also began to harvest. Li Mu began to provide soft broadcasting services all over the world. At the same time, in order to ensure the user experience of Weibo and Twitter, he limited the number of hard broadcasting services for ordinary users and Big V users to limit their hard broadcasting services to one per week.

The game's top-up payment was also a large source of income. A large amount of cash was continuously being transferred into Makino Technology's account from all over the world, making Makino Technology's cash flow stronger and stronger.

Currently, Li Mu had realized the lyrics of "Dedication of Love" that he sang crookedly when he was a child. "If everyone gives me one dollar, I will become a world-class tycoon."

He now had hundreds of millions of people contributing more than one dollar to him every month. This also gave him enough confidence to play with Wall Street.

Compared to him, Wall Street seemed a little weak. They were a group of capitalists, and then a group of small capitalists formed a capitalist organization. The supply route was far less than the previous one. However, it was different for Li Mu. The supply routes for him were countless, and it was still increasing. If no one could beat him in business, then it would be useless even if Wall Street formed a group.

No matter how powerful Wall Street was, it could not stop users from becoming YY members and exchanging YY coins for the game Happy Beans. Therefore, he was now waiting for Lu Yunhao to quickly make some noise and then play a game of tiger and mouse with him.

A few days later, Lu Yunhao posted a tweet on Twitter, a Weibo account with more than one million followers. He said, "The Bull Takeout Platform, which I'm working on, is accelerating its development. It won't be long before it will be available to everyone. Our Bull Takeout Platform adopts better, stronger, and better algorithms and operational logic. It will bring you the best takeout ordering experience!

Please look forward to it! "

Originally, only the training industry and the Internet industry knew about Lu Yunhao's takeout website. Now, his fans also knew about it.

Lu Yunhao spent nearly a million yuan to buy a few big accounts to repost his tweets and flatter him. For a time, it created a hot topic on Weibo and Twitter.

The CEO of Makino Technology, Kong Lingyu, suggested that Li Mu simply remove this guy from the hot topic list, but Li Mu did not agree.

If he casually removed his hot topic, he would definitely seize the opportunity to bite back. This guy's awareness of scamming was far stronger than that of ordinary people. If a certain brand's product had a problem, he would destroy it in public with great fanfare. This guy's desire to step on others and bite others to rise to the top was still very strong.

Since he wanted to promote on Weibo and Twitter, let him do as he pleased. The bigger the commotion, the worse it would fall in the future.

…

After a few days, Li Mu received news that Lu Yunhao's company had already taken over the bank's online settlement interface and settled its own payment channel.

It was said that this guy named his payment channel Niu Fubao. Li Mu was so happy that his teeth almost broke when he heard this.

At this stage, the electronic payment license system had not been launched yet. Getting a payment interface was actually not a big problem. In addition, IDG Capital had a good relationship with the bank, so from the beginning, Li Mu did not think that opening a payment interface would be a barrier for them.

But there was a problem.

Payment was not something that could be done just by having a function.

Just like the two mainstream electronic payment channels in the future, Alipay and WeChat Pay, these two giants were not incubated by other companies.

Alipay and WeChat Pay were like two ancient dinosaur eggs. Alipay was the big dinosaur egg, and WeChat Pay was slightly smaller. How could such a giant egg be incubated by the small chickens, ducks, dogs, and cats of today?

Even tigers, leopards, and elephants could not do it.

Looking at the development of Alipay, it was born together with Taobao. Without Taobao's accumulation of users over the years, how could Alipay become the largest electronic payment channel in the country?

Looking at WeChat Pay, under the pressure of Alipay, even if WeChat had hundreds of millions of users, it could not do WeChat Pay. Why?

Because everyone used Alipay. Why would they open WeChat Pay?

In the end, Big Brother Zhang Xiaolong was more awesome. Didn't everyone have the motivation to use WeChat Pay?

Okay, then I will make a super awesome "game" of snatching red packets during the Chinese New Year.

Do you want to snatch red packets when you see them?

Sorry, if you want to snatch red packets, you have to open WeChat Pay first.

People are asking you to send red packets, do you have any ideas?

Sorry, if you want to send red packets, you have to open WeChat Pay first.

Just like that, during the Chinese New Year, WeChat Pay instantly captured hundreds of millions of users. It almost completed the journey that Alipay took a few years to complete in one night.

What was the reason for this?

Wasn't it because of the hundreds of millions of strong users of WeChat?

Hundreds of millions of people used WeChat every day, posted on WeChat Moments every day, and looked at WeChat Moments and WeChat official accounts' tweets every day. That was why he could promote the red packet game and get everyone to open WeChat Pay.

Try other companies?

Meituan Pay recommended people to open their own Meituan Take-Out accounts every day, but how many people actually opened it?

There was also Jingdong Pay, Suning Pay, and the various banks' own Pay. Basically, no one used them. Later on, when they finally found some users, how did they find them?

Wasn't it because they gave them discounts?

For example, a user bought something worth 100 RMB on Jingdong and was about to place an order to pay. Suddenly, a notification popped up saying that using Jingdong Pay could buy the full 99 to 10 RMB. When the user saw this, he thought to himself, 'Opening Jingdong Pay can save 10 RMB. It seems worth it.

If you rely on this method to open up new users, how much profit do you have to give up?

Moreover, the users poached by this method have an innate "discrimination" against these payment channels. What is "discrimination"?

For example, when buying something, there are N payment methods. WeChat, Alipay, Jingdong, Suning, and even Apple's Apple Pay.

For users, if the latter payment methods offered discounts, they would choose the one with the greatest discount. If there were no discounts, they would choose between WeChat and Alipay.

Under such circumstances, no payment channel could compete with WeChat and Alipay.

Under such circumstances, even if Lu Yunhao's Payment was created, it would be useless. Now, all online users were using Alipay. You don't have a powerful product like WeChat to support you. What do you have to compete with me?

However, Lu Yunhao didn't realize this problem at all.

Now, he was tormented by a huge problem.

When his party began to recruit riders, he realized that they didn't just need to recruit people. There was also a huge problem, and that was the means of transportation!

Shanghai's traffic management was strict, unlike Beijing's. Although the license plate of Beijing B was not allowed to enter the city, most people could ride their bikes into the city, and no one would care. However, Shanghai was not a place where motorcycles were prohibited, and anyone who dared to enter would be arrested.

Therefore, there are very few illegal motorcycles in Shanghai.

This means that no one can get a motorcycle to look for work in Shanghai.

He wanted to recruit riders who own a car, but he realized that most of the people who can legally ride motorcycles in this city are richer than him. How can they deliver food to him?

Many people are interested in being a rider, but they can't solve the transportation problem.

Lu Yunhao stood in his office, looked at the surging river, and cursed, "Damn, why didn't anyone tell me that motorcycles are not allowed to run!!!"

Zheng Chao, who was the current vice president of the company, said awkwardly, "No one expected us to be stuck here. To be honest, motorcycles are too hard to get. Even if we try our best, we might not be able to get 100 motorcycles with proper procedures …"

Lu Yunhao asked hurriedly, "Is there no other way?

What is Li Mu doing? "

Zheng Chao said, "Li Mu is really amazing. His cars are all custom-made electric scooters."

"Can electric scooters work?

Does it have enough range? "Lu Yunhao continued to ask.

"About 80 kilometers, that's enough!"

Lu Yunhao immediately decided, "Go, buy them!

We'll buy them from wherever Li Mu buys them. First, we'll buy … 500 of them!

Oh no, buy 1,000 of them! "

Zheng Chao's expression was ugly, "Mr. Lu, this is not something we can buy with money. Are they hungry? They have their own designs, their own patents, and their own core components, but they only commissioned a local company to manufacture them. Also, the factory has a clear agreement that they are not allowed to manufacture electric scooters for other companies. What's more, the factory can't replicate it even if they want to. The battery and motor are all imported from America."

Lu Yunhao gritted his teeth, "Damn, he's really willing to spend money. A food delivery platform, and an electric scooter …"

Then, Lu Yunhao snorted and said, "Can't we also make an electric scooter?"

Zheng Chao said, "We can, but the electric scooters we can buy on the market only have a range of 30 kilometers. Most of them have a range of 30 kilometers, but in fact, they only have a range of 10 to 20 kilometers. Also, charging is so damn slow, it takes at least 8 hours to fully charge. Unlike Li Mu's electric scooter, it can reach a range of 80 kilometers. Also, it can charge very fast, it only takes 4 to 5 hours to fully charge. There's also the fast charging technology provided by Tesla's company, it has more than 300 volts of industrial electricity, it can charge 65% in an hour, and it can be fully charged in 2 hours …"

"Damn …" Lu Yunhao's jaw almost dropped as he exclaimed, "This is so f * cking different. What's so great about Li Mu's scooter?"

Zheng Chao said, "The battery is amazing. All the electric scooters in China use lead-acid batteries. They are heavy, big, and have low energy storage. It's said that when the weather turns cold, they will fall to their grandma's house. They are either charging or on the way."

Lu Yunhao asked again, "What about Li Mu's scooter?"

Zheng Chao said, "Li Mu's is using lithium batteries, the kind of batteries used in laptops. Oh my god, there are hundreds of batteries stacked together. It's said that this scooter has a speed limit of 40 kilometers per hour. Otherwise, it can run faster than a scooter …"

"Bullsh * t …" Lu Yunhao slammed the table, "I don't believe that his scooter can use a laptop battery and run faster than a scooter!"

"It's true," Zheng Chao said.

Zheng Chao said, "I specifically asked a friend in Beijing to investigate further. What I told you is confirmed repeatedly."

Zheng Chao said, "Currently, we can only order normal lead-acid battery scooters from domestic manufacturers. The motor is not brushless, it consumes a lot of energy, and the power is also poor. The same rider can run 20 to 30 rounds with a full charge, but our scooter can only run 6 to 7 rounds. The difference is several times. Also, Hungry Mike has a power change station in Beijing and even a tram. If the rider's scooter runs out of battery, they can just ride to the power change station and change the battery. If we want to do this, the cost will be very high. Combined with our short battery life support and slow charging speed, I estimate that one scooter will need at least 6 batteries …"

"What the f * ck …"

Lu Yunhao's expression suddenly became extremely ugly.

He had calculated the competition between him and Li Mu over and over again like a sand table, but he never expected that he would lose in the first round because of the means of transportation …