Chapter 119

"Xiaoxiao, I feel like I've fallen a little."

After being sent to the dorm by Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu reluctantly said goodbye to him and went upstairs. As soon as she entered the dorm, she said this to Han Xiaoxiao, who was holding her phone and texting.

Han Xiaoxiao was stunned. "What's wrong, how did you fall for him?

Did you see a handsome guy at the swimming pool? "

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said seriously, "I'm talking about Li Mu."

"Li Mu?" Not only was Han Xiaoxiao stunned, but the other girls in the dorm were also stunned.

Han Xiaoxiao asked, "When did you two meet again?"

"Tonight."

As soon as they heard that Zhao Ziqiu actually met with Li Mu tonight, the five girls immediately became interested and asked what was going on.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't hide it and said directly, "It was Xiaoxiao who told me that Li Mu goes swimming every day. It just so happens that I also go swimming every day. Today, I was hot-headed and went to the National People's Congress in my swimsuit."

"Ah?" Han Xiaoxiao said, "Did you go to seduce Li Mu?"

"What nonsense are you talking about!"

Han Xiaoxiao said, "After you put on your swimsuit, even if you're not seducing me, there's no difference, okay!"

The other four girls in the dorm all echoed, "That's right, Ziqiu, your legs and chest will make all the boys have a nosebleed!"

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips. "Why haven't I seen any boys have a nosebleed?"

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly waved her hand and said, "Aiya, don't make trouble. Ziqiu, you just said that you fell for him. Don't tell me that you fell for Li Mu after swimming with him?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said, "I'm not that frivolous. It's just that two things happened tonight."

"Which two things?"

All the girls in the dorm tilted their heads and pricked up their ears. They naturally had no immunity to gossip.

Zhao Ziqiu sat down at the side and drank some water first. Then, he took his time to tell the five people about what happened today.

When the five girls heard that, they were all dumbfounded. Without exception, all of them looked like they were infatuated. Han Xiaoxiao even said with an intoxicated expression, "Li Mu is so manly, much better than that talkative Li Yawei!"

The short-haired girl that Sun Jian liked said with an infatuated expression, "He's so handsome, so cool, and so safe. This kind of boy is simply the best!"

Wang Yanan, who had just gotten along with Hu Zhengdao not too long ago, also nodded repeatedly. "If Hu Zhengdao can do this, I'll devote myself to him …"

At this moment, Han Xiaoxiao said seriously, "Ziqiu, I Ziqiu, I'm afraid that Li Mu doesn't want you!"

Zhao Ziqiu immediately raised her eyebrows and asked, "Why?"

Han Xiaoxiao said seriously, "Because you're too good at causing trouble. So many things happened in just one night. How strong do you think a man has to be to dare to be with you?"

Zhao Ziqiu was so anxious that she kept stomping her feet. She said, "This has never happened before. Who knows what happened today? I met two b * stards in a row. Do you think Li Mu really thinks so too?"

Han Xiaoxiao smiled and said, "I'm just joking, don't take it seriously."

As she said that, she saw that Zhao Ziqiu seemed to really believe her, so she quickly changed the topic. "Ziqiu, you have to work harder. I heard from Li Yawei that Li Mu has a high school classmate who is also studying at Renmin University. I heard that she's also a great beauty, and the two of them are quite close."

Zhao Ziqiu didn't care at all. "The moment he dragged me to run tonight, I already thought it through. For a man like him, it must be a long battle. Otherwise, a quick victory won't last long, so I'm not in a hurry."

Han Xiaoxiao praised, "Good!

As long as you have the strength, the five of us will support you to the end! "

So the next evening, Zhao Ziqiu carried her backpack and went to the swimming pool at Renmin University again.

She even regretted getting a swimming card for Yanjing University. Every time she came to Renmin University to swim, she had to spend ten yuan to buy a ticket. Ten yuan was enough for an ordinary person to eat for two days. Although she didn't lack the money, she still felt that it was a waste.

When she bought the ticket and came in, Li Mu had just changed into his swimming trunks and was walking to the pool alone. Along the way, Li Mu felt a pair of hot eyes staring at him.

It was Zhang Qing from the school swimming team.

He didn't expect Li Mu to really have the guts to come again today.

Moreover, when Li Mu came today and combined with what he said yesterday, Zhang Qing felt like he had been slapped in the face a few times.

Who asked him to say that he would remember Li Mu yesterday? In the end, Li Mu said, "It doesn't matter if you don't remember, I'll come again tomorrow." In an instant, he lost all his momentum.

Today, Li Mu showed up as promised. Was he here to beat him up when he was down?

A few members of the school swimming team teased Zhang Qing, "Hey, that guy really came. I wonder if that big-breasted beauty from yesterday will come."

Zhang Qing gritted his teeth and said, "Damn, I'll settle this with this guy sooner or later!

Brothers, do you want to help me beat him up some other day? "

The people from the school swimming team looked at each other, speechless.

One of the guys laughed and said, "Zhang Qing, it's just a quarrel. If you can't win, then forget it. If you really want to fight, you can do it yourself. In that case, the school will just consider it as a verbal disagreement and a momentary impulse. It'll be fine after a little criticism. If we fight one person and this matter is reported to the dean's office, we won't be able to escape."

Zhang Qing was a little depressed.

This group of bad friends. They usually trained and played together, and their relationship was not bad. But when it came to a critical moment, they were all scared. None of them were reliable.

While he was cursing in his heart, Li Mu had finished his warm-up and had already entered the water. The more Zhang Qing looked at him, the more annoyed he became. This guy didn't give him any face. He must find a chance to get back his face.

While he was thinking, a teammate beside him patted his shoulder, "Look, that big-breasted beauty is here again!"

It was Zhao Ziqiu.

She changed her clothes and looked for Li Mu everywhere. She easily found him in the rightmost lane.

Just like yesterday, Zhao Ziqiu sat by the side of the pool and stopped Li Mu with her foot.

Li Mu was very surprised and blurted out, "Why are you here again?"

Zhao Ziqiu faintly asked, "You don't want me to come?"

"No, I just feel that it's quite troublesome for you to come so far."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Then why don't you come to Yan Capital University tomorrow?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly, "What's the point?"

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "See, if you don't want to go, then I'll come."

…

For the next few days, Zhao Ziqiu went to the Renmin University's swimming pool every day. She went there until the end of the military training.

During the closing ceremony, a group of students surrounded the instructor and cried. Li Mu was not as focused as them. He was thinking that today was Wednesday, the 19th. After the military training, there would be a day of rest, and he would receive the teaching materials on Friday. After two more days of rest, the classes would officially start next Monday.

Also, the "Legend of Mir" that Li Mu had been thinking about for the whole summer vacation will be released on the 28th. He needs to use the "Legend of Mir" to earn some cash, and his goal is to earn at least 2 million.

As for the matter of Easy Listening Net and Post Bar, Li Mu was not in a hurry. The capital operation was not as simple as he thought. If Li Mu wanted to cash out of these two products, the most reliable way was to package and sell them. Otherwise, in terms of financing, the money exchanged for shares would continue to be invested in the operation of the products, and it was impossible for him to dispose of it. If he really wanted to cash out the shares, at least it would be after the C series of financing.

When Li Mu thought about how he still needs to write code after the "Legend of Mir" is released, he decided to rent a house outside the school and buy a high-performance desktop computer. Writing code on a laptop is a pain in the ass.

So, the next day after the military training, Li Mu woke up early and left the school.

He called Zhao Kang. They will only be back tomorrow, and Li Mu told him that he is going to rent a house. Zhao Kang smiled and said, "Then you have to rent a bigger house. It's not convenient for me to do some things on Douban in the dorm. I'm the only one in the dorm with a computer, and the others are always using it to watch videos."

Li Mu agreed.

Renmin University is located outside Beijing's North Third Ring Road. Li Mu did some research on the neighborhood and felt that a neighborhood in the east called Yucheng Garden looks good. It is also close to the school. After exiting the east gate and crossing a bridge, it will take another two to three minutes to get there.

Li Mu found an agent and found a three-bedroom apartment in Yucheng Garden. It is 130 square meters, and the renovations are good. It is just a little expensive. The apartments in the neighborhood are close to the school, so the prices are higher. Even so, the market price is only 2,000 RMB per month. But the landlord insisted on 2,500 RMB per month, and the rent must be paid annually. The agent said this is to screen tenants.

Li Mu went to look at the apartment. The renovations are really good, and it looks like it has been renovated for about a year. It is new and comfortable, and it is on the 16th floor. From the bedroom, you can overlook the entire National People's Congress campus.

Without any hesitation, Li Mu rented this apartment.

The agent said that the landlord is overseas, and this apartment is fully entrusted to them. Li Mu looked at the relevant property documents and the letter of entrustment from the landlord. The landlord has even signed the rental contract and is waiting for the tenant to complete it.

The landlord is not in China, and this is to Li Mu's liking. In order to prevent the landlord from disturbing him, he signed the contract and paid the rent with his credit card. After that, he also got the key from the agent. To be safe, Li Mu went to the property management and changed the lock of the anti-theft door.

The internet cable in the apartment will expire in half a year, which saves him a lot of trouble. Li Mu directly took a taxi to Zhongguancun. Based on the high-end equipment, he spent nearly 20,000 RMB to buy two computers. He asked someone to help him assemble the computers and transport them to Yucheng Garden.

After finishing the apartment, Li Mu felt a little more secure. After all, he is in his thirties. Although it is not impossible to always live in the same dormitory with five young people, Li Mu needs privacy and space to do things alone.

On the way back to school, Li Mu passed by the East Sports Ground. He was going to take a shortcut to go back to the dormitory.

There are several groups of students playing football on the sports ground. One of them is Zhang Qing from the school swimming team.

Zhang Qing is playing with a few guys from the school swimming team. One of his teammates suddenly glanced at Li Mu who is walking not far away. He said to Zhang Qing, "Hey, isn't that the guy in the pool?"

Zhang Qing glanced at him, and his face suddenly became gloomy. "Damn, it's him again!"

As soon as he saw Li Mu, Zhang Qing gritted his teeth in hatred. However, he never had a chance to get back at Li Mu. He didn't expect to meet him here today. Zhang Qing stared at the side of Li Mu's face and waved to the boy next to him who is playing with the ball. "Stone, pass the ball to me!"

Stone raised his eyebrows and smiled. He kicked the ball to Zhang Qing's feet. Then he clapped his hands and said to the others around him, "Let's stop for a while and watch Zhang Qing play!"

At this time, Li Mu is only a dozen meters away from Zhang Qing. There are quite a lot of people on the sports ground, but he is focused on walking and doesn't pay attention to the people on the sports ground.