Chapter 222

Based on Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming's way of doing things, it was impossible for them to question Li Mu about the fastest way to make money.

Both of them buried this question in their hearts, and no one asked.

Chen Ze reminded himself to call Fatty Wang as soon as they separated. No matter where he chose to work, the total investment must not exceed five million. If he did, he must not let Li Mu know. The final price he gave to Li Mu must be within five million, and he must ensure that he would be able to get 10% of the shares within five million. Otherwise, if it was too expensive, people would stop playing, and it would be hard to maintain this line in the future.

Hui Ka Ming swore in his heart that no matter what, he must get on Li Mu's car. Even if there were no seats, he must climb on the roof and follow.

The car that Li Mu was driving might grow a pair of wings as he drove, and four rocket boosters might pop out as he flew.

Just as they were deep in their thoughts, a middle-aged man with slicked-back hair walked towards the five of them.

The middle-aged man was about thirty-five or thirty-six years old, and he looked a little like Wan Ziliang when he was young. The moment he arrived, he greeted Chen Ze and the Xu brothers warmly. His words were also very polite, and he kept using words like 'it's my pleasure to have you here'.

Li Mu sighed inwardly. "Since this middle-aged man can run such an awesome club in this area, his financial resources must be extraordinary. But he still has to pretend to be a grandson in front of these three people, which is really a bit shameful. But this is also the embarrassment of being in the business. There are too many masters above one's head, so one has to consider all the connections and social contacts and take care of every aspect.

Chen Ze introduced Li Mu to the middle-aged man, saying, "This is our good friend Li Mu, and this is Li Mu's girlfriend."

As he spoke, he said to Li Mu, "This is the boss of the Carnival, Zuo Qing."

Li Mu shook hands with him politely, and was surprised. * * *?

Who would come up with such a political name?

Zuo Qing also saw Li Mu's surprise, and said with a smile, "When I was born, the old man happened to be beaten into a * * * in the revolution, so he named me Zuo Qing, the Qing from Qinghai. He wanted to give me a homonym so that I would follow in his footsteps."

Li Mu then realized that it was Qing, not Qing. He smiled and said, "I see."

When Zuo Qing came, she heard from her manager that Chen Ze and the Xu brothers had brought friends here, and that they had specially called to arrange the details. She knew that their friends were not ordinary, and after finding out who they were, she immediately prepared two membership cards for the Carnival.

After greeting Li Mu and Su Yingxue, Zuo Qing took out two exquisite small boxes the size of business card holders from her pocket, and said with a smile, "This is our Carnival's gold card, a small token of appreciation for our first meeting. In the future, with this card, you can come to our Carnival for sports and entertainment at any time, including all our sports. If there is a need for a coach, you can also directly enjoy it for free. There are ten free coaching hours every month, and in addition, you can enjoy a free suite for one day in the guest room section at the back, and you can bring up to two friends at a time."

Li Mu didn't know how much the gold card for this kind of place cost, but looking at the scale, he estimated that it would cost at least 100,000 yuan. After all, the Carnival had a golf course.

Li Mu thanked Zuo Qing for her kindness, but he declined and said, "Boss Zuo, you're too kind. This gift is too expensive, I can't accept it."

Zuo Qing hurriedly said, "What's so expensive about it? It's our own place, and we can't play with our brothers here."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "You're right, but I'm still in school now. My school is in Zhongguancun, and I don't usually have time to come here."

Zuo Qing said, "It doesn't matter if you don't have time to come here. Keep the card, and come directly when you have time. Our Carnival is one of the best in the country. Coming here occasionally to exercise can not only relax, but also strengthen your body."

As she spoke, Zuo Qing was still afraid that Li Mu would refuse again, so she deliberately said, "If you don't have time to use it, you can lend it to someone else. We don't have any restrictions on who can use the card."

At this time, Chen Ze also came out to persuade them, "Li Mu, you and your girlfriend should accept Boss Zuo's kindness. We're all friends, so there's no need to be so polite."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then nodded and thanked Zuo Qing together with Su Yingxue.

Zuo Qing actually came to give a favor to Chen Ze and the Xu brothers. Seeing that she had done it, she didn't want to delay the five of them from playing golf, so she found an excuse to leave first.

Li Mu put the card away, thinking that he could give it to Li Yawei. He and Han Xiaoxiao were both locals, so they should have more time. Even if they didn't have time to come over, they could give the card to their family. He could also see that this favor was given to Chen Ze by Zuo Qing. Since he had accepted it, he naturally couldn't let it go to waste.

Su Yingxue looked at the card in her hand and didn't know what to do for a moment. She came out to play with Li Mu, but in the end, a friend of Li Mu's friend gave her such an expensive gift. She was a little confused and didn't know how to deal with it.

Li Mu said casually, "If you don't think it's useful, give it to your aunt and uncle. They can come over to play when they have time."

Su Yingxue nodded lightly. It seemed that she had to accept the card, so she could only arrange it this way.

…

Xu Jiahui played bowling for a long time, but he didn't play at his usual level.

Usually, it was common for him to hit all the way, but tonight, he didn't even hit once.

The reason was simple. He kept listening to the conversation between Li Mu and the other two. There were two conflicting voices shouting in his heart. One said, "Heh, this kid is really awesome."

The other said, "Awesome my a * s, he's just showing off."

These two voices were sometimes strong and sometimes weak, fighting intensely in his heart until the other voice jumped out and said, "This kid's girlfriend is really pretty."

Xu Jiahui was convinced. After washing the gutter three times, he was even more convinced.

After a round, he said to Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming, "I'm not playing anymore. I'll sit down and rest for a while. You guys can play."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and asked, "What's wrong?

You're playing a little weird tonight. "

Xu Jiahui waved his hand. "I'm not in the mood, I don't want to play anymore. You play with Brother Ze."

Chen Ze watched as Xu Jiahui sat down on a chair at the back and started playing with his phone. He called Xu Jiaming over to the restroom with him. On the way there, he asked Xu Jiaming in a low voice, "What happened to Jiahui?

He doesn't seem to be in a good mood. "

Hui Ka Ming nodded and smiled. "I'm chasing a girl from their school, but I haven't made any progress. I've been having some problems recently."

Chen Ze smacked his lips. "You two brothers are really interesting. One is troubled by money, the other by love."

Xu Jiaming said awkwardly, "Brother, I'm just struggling to make money. If I could take out tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of yuan to subsidize the company, I wouldn't even frown. We don't lack money. What we lack is the money we earn …"

Chen Ze smiled. "Li Mu can't be rushed. Also, don't count on Li Mu to help you. If you want Li Mu to help you with the project, you'll have to take out resources that are equal to or even more than what he's offering. That's the only way to build a relationship."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and said, "I understand. It's just that I've been a little impatient recently. I'll think more about Li Mu and see what resources I can take out to exchange with him."

Chen Ze said profoundly, "Sometimes, you have to get straight to the point and talk about money. Sometimes, you have to pay first and make friends first."

Hui Ka Ming said seriously, "I understand."

After the two of them returned from the bathroom, they began to play against each other. Xu Jiaming adjusted his state of mind under Chen Ze's reminder. At this moment, he was no longer as anxious as before. He calmed down and began to compete with Chen Ze. The two of them were having a lot of fun.

Su Yingxue was a little tired. Li Mu accompanied her to the back to rest and watch Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming play.

It had to be admitted that the two of them were very skillful. They were much better than Li Mu, especially Chen Ze. His shots always had an incredible arc and spin. Sometimes, it looked like he was going straight for the gutter, but he could change direction at the crucial moment and hit a beautiful full circle.

Although Hui Ka Ming did not have such high technical skills, he was calm and steady in his shots. Therefore, his accuracy was very high.

At this time, the boss of the carnival, Zuo Qing, brought another group of people to the bowling alley. There were more than ten people in the team. Zuo Qing arranged for them to be in the five lanes on the outermost side of the bowling alley. She even asked someone to stop the three lanes on the side so that they would not be affected.

Li Mu glanced at them from afar. He felt that they seemed to have a strong background. However, he did not pay much attention to them. There were too many people with strong backgrounds in Beijing. He could not see all of them at all.

However, not long after, a shout came from not far away, "Hey, Jiaming, Jiahui, why are you two here?"

In the era of the internet, this word had become a national phrase, but it was not really popular yet.

Hui Ka Ming and Xu Jiahui looked in the direction of the voice. When they saw who it was, Hui Ka Ming immediately exploded. He threw the bowling ball in his hand towards the direction of the lane, pointed at the person and scolded, "Tang Quan, are you f * cking courting death?"

Li Mu also looked in the direction of the voice. The person Hui Ka Ming called Tang Quan was a young man who was about the same age as Hui Ka Ming. He was dressed in a Korean style. He was slim, wearing a purple long-sleeved shirt, a pair of black casual trousers and white leather shoes. His clothes were slim, so he looked even slimmer. Coupled with his long bangs, he looked very uncomfortable.