Chapter 70

At 5: 55 PM, Li Mu received a call from Song Liang. He had already arrived at the entrance of the driving school.

Li Mu then said to Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue, "My friends are here."

Zhao Kang blurted out, "How many people are here?"

"I didn't ask."

Zhao Kang was suddenly speechless. Su Yingxue turned sideways and quietly stood in front of Li Mu. She said seriously, "Li Mu, listen to me for once. I'm going to call the police now and ask them to send you home."

Li Mu saw her determined face and said lightly, "Even if you find me a hard shell, I can't go in and never come out. Don't worry about it."

Su Yingxue, who was always calm and composed, became anxious, "What's the point of trying to be a hero at this time?"

Li Mu squinted his eyes and said honestly, "There is a point."

After saying that, Li Mu turned around and walked around Su Yingxue, heading straight for the driving school entrance.

Su Yingxue's first reaction was to chase after him and stop him, but Li Mu waved his hand without turning his head. Su Yingxue stomped her feet in anger and didn't chase after him. Instead, she followed behind him with Zhao Kang.

In the Honda Accord, Zou Hua and Guo Yuhang were both staring at the driving school entrance. Zou Hua was staring at the Benz S500 parked at the entrance with a provincial license plate. This truly luxurious car made him envious. Guo Yuhang was staring at every face in the crowd, searching for traces of Li Mu.

He was worried that this brat would run away in advance.

However, a monk can run, but the temple can't run. How many days can he hide?

As he was thinking, Li Mu appeared at the main entrance of the driving school. Guo Yuhang suddenly became excited and pointed at Li Mu from afar and shouted, "Brother Hua, it's that brat!"

"Alright!"

Zou Hua moved his envious gaze away from the S500 and followed Guo Yuhang's finger to see Li Mu clearly. He pushed open the car door and said to his lackeys outside, "He's out. Let's do business!"

A few followers who were smoking immediately threw their cigarette butts on the ground and greeted the other group of people at the school gate. Then, they followed behind Zou Hua and went straight to Li Mu.

At this time, Song Liang was standing at the entrance of the driving school. He saw Li Mu and waved at him.

Li Mu walked up to him and greeted him politely, "Brother Liang, I'm really sorry for troubling you to come here today."

"It's nothing." Song Liang smiled. "I've arranged everything."

Li Mu nodded. Since Song Liang said that he had arranged everything, there must be no problem.

At this time, Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue also came forward. Neither of them knew Song Liang, but when they saw that Li Mu's friend was actually only him, they were worried. Su Yingxue was even prepared to call her father immediately if she felt that something was wrong. This kind of thing, even if she called 110, she was afraid that it would be too late.

Song Liang saw Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue and asked Li Mu, "Are the two behind your friends?"

"Yes."

Song Liang nodded and laughed in a low voice, "Your girlfriend is really beautiful. Good taste!"

Li Mu said, "They're just classmates …"

Song Liang said, "A man must first dare to think before he dares to act. Don't you have this little courage?"

Li Mu smiled knowingly and didn't say anything.

Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue were dumbfounded. They saw the two of them chatting happily a few meters away. They didn't even care about the dozens of people who gathered across the road and on the other side. What was going on?

Song Liang turned his head and also saw two groups of people who were aggressive. Zou Hua brought Guo Yuhang, whose face was still swollen, and a dozen of his men, and went straight to the front of Li Mu.

Zhao Kang took two steps and stood beside Li Mu, and so did Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu nervously, "Should I call my father?"

"No, it's okay."

Li Mu comforted Su Yingxue. But somehow, he reached out his hand to hold her soft hand and gently squeezed it in her palm. Li Mu tried to comfort Su Yingxue, but he didn't know what he was thinking.

Su Yingxue's hand trembled. She wanted to retract her hand out of reflex, but she slightly shrunk her hand and gave up in an instant.

Li Mu's fingertip lightly tapped on Su Yingxue's palm a few times, as if he was sending a message, which made Su Yingxue feel a lot more at ease.

"Li Mu!"

At this moment, relying on the dozens of people supporting him, Guo Yuhang was extremely arrogant. He directly faced Li Mu and pointed at Li Mu and scolded, "Weren't you pretty pretentious this morning?

I gave you a day and you only found one person? "

Li Mu laughed and said, "Your face is swollen and you're still talking nonsense. Just tell me how you want to solve it."

Guo Yuhang pointed at Li Mu and scolded, "F * ck, you motherf * cker, you're courting death!"

After saying that, he turned to Zou Hua and said, "Brother Hua, this brat is too arrogant. Let the brothers beat him up!"

Zou Hua was also angry. This brat was really pretentious. He had already come forward, but he only called one person and still dared to speak like this. This was clearly not giving him face. He immediately shouted, "F * ck, beat him up!"

As soon as he said that, Song Liang suddenly reached out and blocked in front of Li Mu. He said to Zou Hua indifferently, "Let's talk things out, don't fight."

"Who the f * ck are you? Can you cover up today's matter?"

Song Liang was not angry. He pointed at the Accord across the road and asked, "That Accord looks pretty good. Is it yours?"

"Is my car something you can touch with your fingers?

Get out of here, or I'll beat you up too! "

Song Liang was not angry but laughed, "Fighting is something children like to do. Adults should talk about something more mature. Let's not stand here. There are so many onlookers, and you don't want to get into trouble. I'll go to your car with my brother. Let's talk slowly in your car. If we can't reach an agreement, it won't be too late to fight."

Zou Hua had been in the underworld for so long, and it was the first time he had seen such a calm guy. He carefully observed Song Liang and found that he was not familiar, so he was relieved. Haizhou was not big, and he basically knew or remembered all the people in the underworld, especially the big brothers, such as Zhang Wanjun. However, there was no Song Liang in his memory, which meant that he was definitely not a person in the underworld.

Just as Zou Hua was hesitating, Song Liang said, "You have so many people. Are you afraid of the two of us?"

"Good!" Zou Hua was stimulated by Li Mu's words and immediately nodded, "Then let's go to my car and talk."

Zou Hua's men surrounded Li Mu and Song Liang. Li Mu stepped to the opposite side of the road. He turned his head and saw that Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue had followed him, so he hurriedly said, "Don't follow me."

Zhao Kang was about to speak, but Li Mu said again, "Kang Zi, help me stop Su Yingxue."

Zhao Kang was speechless. He just wanted to refute his first sentence, but Zou Hua asked him to help him stop Su Yingxue. For a while, he didn't know how to answer.

But on second thought, Li Mu and the middle-aged man he found were so calm, so they must have a plan. In this case, he couldn't help them, and it was even more impossible for a girl like Su Yingxue to help. So he said to Su Yingxue, "Let's not go."

Su Yingxue recalled the action of Li Mu quietly grabbing her hand just now. She felt that Li Mu was quite confident at that time. He should have his own solution, so she nodded to Zhao Kang. The two stood across the road and stared at Li Mu and Song Liang sitting in the back of Zou Hua's Accord.

Zou Hua gave Guo Yuhang a look and asked him to sit in the front seat. He sat in the driver's seat. The other men were all around, for fear that Song Liang, who had a kind face, would suddenly take out a knife and kidnap Zou Hua.

Zou Hua, who was sitting in the driver's seat, turned his head sideways and stared at Song Liang. He shouted fiercely, "Your brother hit my brother. How are you going to talk about this?"

Song Liang pointed to Guo Yuhang in the front seat and asked, "Your brother is this little friend, right?"

"Yes." Zou Hua nodded.

Song Liang asked again, "According to what you said, do you want to take care of your brother's business for him?"

Zou Hua frowned and said, "Why the f * ck are you talking to me?

Of course, I will take care of my brother's business. If my brother is bullied, I will take revenge for him! "

Song Liang nodded with a relieved look and said with a smile, "In that case, I am relieved."

Zou Hua didn't understand what trick Song Liang was playing, but in front of Guo Yuhang, he naturally had to support him to the end, so he slanted his mouth and said arrogantly, "Let me tell you, there is a limit to my patience. My brother told me about your brother's matter. There are a few principles that must be followed. First, kneel …"

At this time, Song Liang put away his previous kind expression. He waved his hand and said coldly, "You shut up first. I don't talk to people like you. I will find a friend to talk to you." After that, Song Liang took out his mobile phone and dialed a number.

"Don't f * cking refuse me. If you don't want to talk, then do what the f * ck you should do, or I will beat you too!"

Zou Hua heard the disdain in Song Liang's tone and suddenly exploded. Just as he was about to lose his temper, he suddenly heard a series of braking sounds around him.