Chapter 831

As the planning director of Jinxi Mountain Residence Studio, Wu Di's mood had been very subtle recently.

First of all, there had been some changes in his family recently. His father-in-law was suffering from liver cancer. Due to the limited medical standards in Zhuhai City, his wife had accompanied his father-in-law all the way to Yan Jing for treatment. Because of his work, he hadn't been able to visit his father-in-law even once in the first half a month when his father-in-law was hospitalized in Yan Jing.

His wife and her old mother in Yan Jing were taking care of her father-in-law together in Yan Jing. Naturally, she was unable to do what she wanted and felt particularly insecure. She had been urging Wu Di to ask for leave to accompany his father-in-law for a period of time. However, Wu Di was currently actively promoting the project of "Sword Online Love Fate" to be changed into an online game. He worked overtime almost all the time and couldn't leave at all. Because of this, he often quarreled with his wife on the phone. There were even several times when his wife felt so desperate in Yan Jing that she even talked about divorce.

Wu Di had no choice but to promise his wife that he would make time to visit Yan Jing in the near future.

However, after all, he was a workaholic. He had no feelings for his father-in-law, and he was under a lot of financial pressure. Therefore, he had always felt that it was hard enough to pay for himself. There was no need for him to delay his work and go to Yan Jing to visit his father-in-law. Not only did he have to ask for leave, but the plane ticket was also very expensive. It was even worse if he took the train. He had to first go from Zhuhai City to Yang Cheng, and then run all the way to Yan Jing. The one-way journey would take one day and one night.

Because West Mountain Residence was located in Zhuhai City, it was not a first-tier city. Therefore, the salary level of its employees had always been low. This was a well-known fact in the industry. Although Wu Di was already a director, his annual salary was between P6 and P7 of Makino Technology. It looked good in Zhuhai City, but when it came to money, the absolute value of his bank account could not increase. He was still strapped for money.

Therefore, after repeatedly weighing the pros and cons, Wu Di had never made the decision to visit his father-in-law in Yan Jing.

Secondly, one of Wu Di's university classmates had joined the Taobao website some time ago. His annual salary was 300,000 yuan, which was almost double of his.

The two regarded each other as competitors in university, and they had been competing to see who was better off outside of university. Before that, Wu Di had always been better than him. At least, he was a director under Jinshan. Compared to the director of an unknown software development company, Wu Di's salary and salary were much better. However, Wu Di didn't expect Wu Di to change so much after joining Taobao. Although he didn't get a director position in Taobao, his annual salary was more than 100,000 yuan more than Wu Di's. This was a huge blow to Wu Di.

Although he wasn't convinced, Wu Di had to admit that after he graduated, he chose to develop in the direction of software development. He wasn't too vertical. Compared to Wu Di, who had been a game developer and planner for several years, his path was wider. Therefore, he was able to find a good position in Taobao. On the other hand, Wu Di didn't have such luck. Taobao wouldn't hire someone like him who had been a game developer for several years.

In addition to these two things that affected Wu Di's mood, there was another thing that made him particularly annoyed. Jinshan's support for West Mountain Residence had never been in place.

When preparing the plan for "Swordsman's Love Online Edition", Wu Di proposed to the higher-ups to expand the team. Currently, West Mountain Residence was seriously short of manpower, and they also had to take care of new projects. Everyone felt that their strength was not enough, but the higher-ups always felt that West Mountain Residence's potential hadn't been fully squeezed out. Therefore, not only did they reject their request to expand the team, but they also required them to complete the projects at hand within the stipulated time.

This made Wu Di somewhat unable to accept it. As the saying goes, a clever housewife can't cook without rice. But to ask a clever housewife to cook a meal for hundreds of people, and also to be on time, with quality and quantity, wasn't this also bullshit?

West Mountain Residence had fewer people and more work. If this continued, a few people would be exhausted.

However, the higher-ups didn't buy it at all. As long as Wu Di mentioned his needs, the higher-ups would say that the difficulties could definitely be overcome. After a few times, Wu Di almost wanted to curse at the higher-ups.

Several things added together really seriously affected his mood, until he received a call from Lin Ching-ah.

After Li Mu requested to poach the core members of West Mountain Residence, Lin Ching-ah immediately found Wu Di's contact information and took the initiative to call him. On the phone, Lin Ching-ah stated her identity and general intentions, and asked Wu Di if he was interested in a face-to-face meeting. When Wu Di heard that she was the vice-president of Makino Technology, he was immediately tempted.

Right now, Makino Technology was the highest aspiration of all employees in the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia. Because Makino Technology was currently the dominant company, this aspiration was much stronger than the aspiration for BTA in the future. Naturally, Wu Di was no exception.

Not only did Makino Technology have a lot of resources, but it also had high benefits and broad development space. Everyone hoped to be a member of Makino Technology. However, Wu Di didn't know that Makino Technology had the idea of doing online games before. After listening to Lin Ching-ah's introduction on the phone, he immediately realized that this was a good opportunity.

Lin Ching-ah gave Wu Di two plans on the phone. One was to arrange a time, and Lin Ching-ah would personally come to Zhu City to meet Wu Di and other core members of West Mountain Residence. The other was to let Makino Technology pay for the travel expenses, and Wu Di would bring a few core members to Yan Jing for a face-to-face meeting.

After listening, Wu Di almost didn't hesitate to choose the second plan.

If he chose the second plan, Makino Technology would pay for the travel expenses, and he could also go to Yan Jing to see his father-in-law. At the same time, he could save a few thousand yuan in expenses.

Although the motive of coming to Yan Jing to meet Lin Ching-ah was to get a round-trip ticket, Wu Di himself also had a very strong yearning for Makino Technology. Before he came, he specifically communicated with a few core members that he trusted. After explaining the situation, everyone was willing to go to Yan Jing with him for a chat. It was such a good opportunity, and they didn't need to pay for the ticket and accommodation themselves. Only a fool would refuse.

Therefore, the six people of West Mountain Residence flew to Yan Jing on Friday night, and met Lin Ching-ah at noon on Saturday.

Lin Ching-ah chose to treat the six people to a meal in a high-end hotel. As soon as they met, Lin Ching-ah's capable and experienced aura left a very deep impression on the six people.

After sitting down, Lin Ching-ah first said a few polite words to welcome the six people to Yan Jing. After everyone was courteous, introduced each other, and exchanged business cards, Lin Ching-ah went straight to the point.

"Makino Technology established a game division some time ago. Unlike the YY game division, this division is responsible for all future client-side games of Makino Technology. Since it is a newly established division, we are now in the stage of large-scale recruitment. West Mountain Residence Studio is also quite famous in the domestic game industry, so we hope to reach an agreement with all of you and invite you to join Makino Technology."

The others all looked at Wu Di. He was the boss of the game development and planning team of West Mountain Residence, so everyone naturally followed his lead.

Wu Di said to Lin Ching-ah, "Boss Lin, since we came all the way from Zhuhai City, we are naturally very interested in joining Makino Technology. However, the West Mountain Residence team is all in Zhuhai City. If we really have to travel all the way to Yan Jing to work, what everyone is most concerned about is the issue of salary. I wonder what kind of salary Makino Technology can offer?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled slightly. After focusing on poaching people for so long, she was already very experienced. Generally speaking, it would take a little more effort to poach people who first talked to her about position, development, and future. But if it was about money first, it basically wouldn't be too much of a problem.

Therefore, she said with a smile, "Makino Technology has an employee evaluation system. We will give each of you a grade based on your work experience and experience. However, I can give you a guarantee. If you join Makino Technology, no matter what grade you are rated, your salary will be at least 50% higher than your current salary, and there will also be a considerable signing fee."

At first, Li Mu said that as long as they were willing to join, the salary would be directly doubled, and the signing fee for each core member would be 200,000 yuan. But for Lin Ching-ah, what Li Mu said was the price in his heart. She definitely wanted to make the deal as low as possible, so she offered a starting price of at least 50%.

Hearing this condition, everyone including Wu Di was a little tempted. Wu Di subconsciously asked her, "Boss Lin, how will the signing fee be calculated?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Based on your current monthly salary, it will be a one-time payment of six months' salary."

Wu Di was a little excited. Right now, he was treating his father-in-law, and there was at least a gap of tens of thousands of yuan in medical expenses. Based on his current monthly salary of 15,000 yuan, if he agreed to join Makino Technology, the signing fee would be 90,000 yuan, and the medical expenses problem would be solved in an instant.

In addition, the monthly salary would at least be increased by 50%. In this way, it wouldn't be a problem to have a monthly salary of more than 20,000 yuan. More importantly, the development space of Makino Technology was simply incomparable to West Mountain Residence. Not only him, but the other five people were also very clear about this.

Wu Di calmed himself down and asked Lin Ching-ah, "Boss Lin, can you specifically tell us how much the salary increase will be?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled slightly and said, "If all six of you here can sign the contract, the salary increase can be increased to 60%. If you can invite other core members of West Mountain Residence to join, the salary increase can be increased to 70% if there are more than ten people."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah added, "I don't know if you are clear about this, but the actual annual salary of each employee of Makino Technology is guaranteed to be 14%. We will pay double the salary in January and July every year. If the KPI is exceeded, there will be additional bonus policy."

Wu Di and the other five people were all calculating in their hearts. If the monthly salary increased by 60%, they would be given two more months' salary every year. If the monthly salary increased by 70%, they would be given two more months' salary. In other words, if they could persuade more colleagues to join, then after joining Makino Technology, they could enjoy the treatment of double the salary.