Chapter 1317

A few minutes after YY released the national push, the public relations department of Makino Technology received a call from the Municipal Party Committee's office. The person anxiously conveyed a few messages to the public relations director.

First, YY's actions of blindly forwarding the WHO warning without verification and confirmation with the relevant departments was reckless and irresponsible. It was very likely to have a huge negative impact on the country.

Second, YY must immediately delete the relevant push and issue an urgent apology letter, conveying to the relevant departments that "the WHO warning was hastily issued without investigation and the situation is not true." At the same time, they must review the practice of blindly forwarding the relevant information without verification.

Third, from this moment on, YY is not allowed to privately publish any content related to "infectious atypical pneumonia."

The public relations director realized the seriousness of the matter and immediately contacted Li Ziwei. He asked her to convey the situation to Li Mu and ask Li Mu to make a decision.

Li Ziwei also felt that the matter was serious. As soon as the news was released, it instantly stirred up a hornet's nest. It had only been ten minutes, but the people from the Municipal Party Committee had come to pass on the message. It seemed that the impact was really big!

Before the phone hung up, Li Ziwei rushed to Li Mu's office. After knocking on the door, she heard Li Mu say "come in". Before he could say "come", Li Ziwei pushed the door open and entered the office.

Li Ziwei pushed the door open with one hand and held the phone in the other. She said anxiously, "Li Zong, the Municipal Party Committee's office is calling. The relevant departments asked them to immediately convey a few messages to you. They want you to confirm and implement it as soon as possible."

Li Mu frowned and asked, "What messages?"

Li Ziwei immediately relayed the message from the public relations director to Li Mu. When Li Mu heard it, he was instantly furious!

In his previous life, it was because of this that the country's reputation was implicated. Mending the pen after the sheep was lost could not completely restore the country's reputation. Moreover, in the face of such an incident, reputation was secondary. Human lives were the most important. If he really did that, the epidemic would probably repeat the mistakes of his previous life.

Li Mu knew very well that the information that was revealed to him was not the subjective will of the country. It was the selfishness of some interested departments and related personnel. Under this premise, Li Mu had to face the country, the people, and his own conscience. He would never buy these private messages!

Therefore, Li Mu blurted out, "Ziwei, immediately contact the public relations director and ask him to convey my reply to the person who contacted him. My reply is simple: all reports must be faithful to the truth!"

After that, Li Mu added, "Also, tell him that if it's the same unit or a unit that has no jurisdiction over us who contacts him, he doesn't need to relay it to you anymore. Just reply to everything according to what I said!"

Li Ziwei guessed that Li Mu would definitely refuse, but she was also very worried. If he refused, would the related units or individuals find trouble with him? She was just about to ask Li Mu if he could soften his attitude a little and play Tai Chi with the relevant departments. However, before she could open her mouth, Li Mu frowned and asked her, "What are you thinking about?

Hurry up and make the call! "

Li Mu's sudden strict attitude scared Li Ziwei. In her impression, Li Mu rarely showed such a situation. At first glance, she knew that he was really angry, so she didn't dare to persuade him again. She hurriedly took out her mobile phone and called the public relations director.

In front of Li Mu, Li Ziwei conveyed his words to the public relations director. The public relations director was also stunned. After a long time, he asked, "Assistant Li, are you sure you want to reply like this?"

Li Ziwei glanced at Li Mu and said firmly, "Just reply like this. Don't miss a word."

"Okay, I understand!"

Li Mu took out a pack of cigarettes from the drawer and lit one. He only smoked when he was annoyed or under pressure. At this time, he was both.

Li Ziwei didn't dare to say anything. She hurriedly made a cup of tea for Li Mu and handed it to him.

Halfway through the cigarette, Chen Ze called Li Mu and teased him as soon as he opened his mouth, "Brother, this time it's a bit too big!

Someone is going around accusing you of bewitching people and disturbing the stability of society. "

Li Mu laughed awkwardly and said, "So fast?

It seems that he's really angry. "

Chen Ze smiled slightly and then his voice became serious. He said, "You still have to be more careful. I know your character, so I won't persuade you. But I have to remind you that it's best to be more prepared. If the higher-ups are really dissatisfied, quickly admit your mistake and correct it at the speed of light. In fact, the bosses still like you very much. When the time comes, as long as you admit your mistake with a good attitude and take remedial measures, there shouldn't be any problems. At most, you will be well-behaved for a period of time."

Li Mu nodded. "Thank you, Old Chen. I know what to do."

"Mm."

Chen Ze said, "You must be very angry now, so I won't add to your troubles. If there's any insider news, I'll pass it to you immediately."

…

In the following time, Li Mu had to worry about being ordered by the higher-ups. At the same time, he had to pay attention to the first-hand news from various places and be ready at any time.

Right now, YY was collecting information on confirmed cases and suspected cases from all over the country. Not only the mainland, but also Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan were all closely monitored by YY. In another ten minutes, YY's epidemic broadcast would start. At that time, YY would broadcast the information on confirmed cases and suspected cases from various hospitals 24 hours a day. On one hand, it would let the public know the severity of the epidemic, and on the other, it would also serve as a reminder to the local populace.

At the same time, more than 90% of Taobao Logistics' couriers across the country were working normally and on standby. They had already received the free epidemic kits distributed by the company. Each kit contained N95 grade masks, gloves, disinfectant, hand sanitizer, alcohol-free disinfectant, and other supplies. Moreover, each kit was for three people. In other words, Taobao would be responsible for their employees and their families. At the very least, they would have to provide them with sufficient supplies so that they would not have to worry about crazy prices.

Moreover, from today until the WHO announced that the epidemic was effectively under control and the alert was lifted, all Taobao employees would enjoy the triple salary treatment. During the critical period, these couriers and logistics workers would receive three days' salary for every day they were on duty. Moreover, the company had also announced a "Full Attendance Bonus during the Critical Period." From today until the alert was lifted, employees who were on duty on all working days would receive a two-thousand-yuan full attendance bonus after the alert was lifted. If they applied for leave during this period, they would not be entitled to the bonus.

This year, the average monthly salary in Yan Jing City was exactly two-thousand-yuan. The average monthly salary in the cities and towns was slightly more than one-thousand-yuan. The two-thousand-yuan full attendance bonus was a considerable income for Taobao Logistics employees everywhere. Moreover, there was the triple salary. If the critical period lasted for a month, they would be able to receive three times their monthly salary plus two-thousand-yuan. Their income would increase by more than several times.

The employees of Taobao Logistics were overjoyed. Most of them were in high spirits and had no intention of retreating. Li Mu knew that this had a lot to do with money, but he could not deny the greatness of these ordinary people.

The triple salary was to give recognition to the employees' very practical efforts. The full attendance bonus was to give the employees perseverance and belief. During the critical period, money was not the most important thing, but this was also the best reward that Li Mu could think of for the employees.

Ten minutes passed.

Li Mu did not receive any instructions from the higher-ups.

The "Epidemic Broadcast" function of YY website was officially launched. The first important news was that the number of medical personnel confirmed to be infected with "Infectious Atypical Pneumonia" in Hong Kong had increased to more than 110 people!

This news gave Li Mu a shock. He hurriedly asked Li Ziwei to confirm its authenticity. Li Ziwei quickly received feedback that the news was confirmed by many Hong Kong media outlets and foreign media outlets stationed in Hong Kong. It was also confirmed by the Hong Kong Department of Health that the news was reliable.

Following that, more information about the epidemic began to be broadcasted. In an instant, it gained a lot of attention on the internet!

The epidemic and the dangers of the epidemic were suddenly known by the entire nation.

What also attracted the attention of the entire nation was the efficiency of the online media. It was beyond imagination.

In the past, everyone would see similar news and reminders on television. But even if it was television, the efficiency was not able to keep up. However, the online media did not have such a problem. The online media could specially open up a special page for a news event, then gather the real-time, fragmented content together and present it to the readers. This efficiency was beyond imagination.

Another ten minutes passed.

Li Mu's phone still did not ring.

Li Ziwei's phone was also not in his thoughts.

It was just that the Public Relations Director's phone and office landline were about to explode with calls!

When the people from the city called, he replied to Li Mu's eight words: "All reports must be true to the facts!"

When the people from the relevant departments called, his reply was still the same eight words.

The people from the same department called, and the excuses changed again and again, but his reply was still the same eight words.

Later on, someone used their connections to find a relative and friend of the Public Relations Director. The relative called to smooth things over, only asking to pass the message to Li Mu. The Public Relations Director did not dare to agree. With Li Mu's style of doing things, since he had clearly given him the eight words "reply to everything", he had to follow through to the end. If he could not hold it in and passed the other messages to him, then he could pack up and leave on the spot.

Later on, someone used all sorts of connections and finally got Li Mu's phone number. The moment Li Mu's phone rang, he took a look at the caller ID and saw that it was an unknown landline number that had not been saved. He immediately hung up.

Then, another call from an unknown number came in.

Li Mu still immediately hung up.

Following that, the phone number changed again. It was still an unknown number, and Li Mu still hung up.

Li Ziwei watched as the calls came in one after another. When the phone rang, her eyelids twitched from nervousness.

Li Mu saw her nervousness, so he switched his phone to silent mode. He smiled and said to her, "Today, I will not pick up any of the unknown calls."

Li Ziwei nodded lightly. Her boss's heart was really scary. He did not even know who was calling. This kind of attitude of not picking up all the calls was very similar to the one in "The Shawshank Redemption", where the male lead played music in the warden's office while the prison guards and the head of the prison guards were crazily banging on the door.