Chapter 1067

When Li Mu said the first half, everyone's expressions were still within a controlled range. However, when he said that the monthly income would exceed 500 million USD, the audience went into an uproar!

Horrifying gasps gathered together and could even penetrate one's eardrums. Everyone was dumbfounded. Just an idea like this could generate 500 million USD in a month?!

That was terrifying!

Especially the business school students, their expressions were already starting to doubt their lives.

Li Mu saw that everyone was shocked by the money and laughed at himself. He shook his head and said, "I think that in this data, what's more surprising is that we can use a website to help millions of college students work part-time, not how much we can generate in a month. If I were to proudly tell you that because of 3321, the average monthly income of millions of college students has exceeded 300 USD, what I'm really proud of is the millions of college students who have benefited from 3321."

The tens of thousands of college students in the audience finally came back to their senses. They were shocked by the 500 million USD figure, but after Li Mu pointed it out, they immediately realized the power of a platform that could help millions of college students earn part-time jobs.

At this time, Li Mu threw another bombshell. "You may not know this, but 3321 will take 5% of the transaction between the supply and demand sides. In other words, we will directly take 5% of the 500 million USD figure as the platform's revenue. At the same time, we will collect another 5% from the parents. This 5% is not included in the concept of the revenue. In other words, 3321's monthly gross profit has reached more than 50 million USD."

This number shocked everyone once again!

50 million USD monthly income!

600 million USD a year!

According to the valuation rules of the capital market, at least 10 times PE, Li Mu's 3321 was worth more than 6 billion USD!

Everyone looked at Li Mu in disbelief. They already thought that this young man was extremely amazing, but they didn't expect him to have a hidden business worth several billion USD.

At this time, Li Mu looked at the tens of thousands of shocked university students below the stage, smiled faintly, and said something that didn't shock them to death: "Don't be too excited everyone, although 3321's revenue is very shocking, 3321 itself is a non-profit organization. Our monthly profits, after deducting all the normal operating expenses, will all be used to set up an education charity fund.

At this point, Li Mu paused and smiled meaningfully. "Also, our education charity fund is different from the American charity fund.

Everyone should be very clear that the American law stipulates that private charity funds can avoid all kinds of taxes by using 5% of their total assets every year. The law doesn't even require that 5% be spent on charity. Therefore, I have seen a survey. Many so-called charity funds in the United States actually use less than 3% of their total assets for charity. There are even some foundations for critically ill patients that have tens of millions of USD but don't even spend 100,000 USD on patients. However, our education charity fund uses all of its funds for charity. All of the accounts are open to the public. If your Chinese is good enough, you can go to 3321 and download a copy of our charity fund's expenditure last month. You can see where we spend every cent on. "

As soon as this was said, the tens of thousands of college students were shocked beyond words!

With such a big platform, such a high turnover, such a high-quality profitable project, Li Mu actually didn't earn a single cent?!

Oh my god, he didn't earn a few hundred million USD a year just like that?!

And all of it was used for education charity, really all of it!

100%！

This … this was really too amazing!

No one knew who was the first to recover from the shock and start clapping. Only then did the tens of thousands of people in the audience recover from the shock and start clapping with all their might.

No one knew who was the first to stand up, but everyone in the stadium stood up and applauded!

If the creation of Makino Technology was said to have made these college students admire and worship, then the story of 3321 that Li Mu just told made these college students regard him as a god!

Too great!

Really too great!

Americans also liked to do charity, and there were countless charity funds that the Americans themselves could not take in. However, the top students from Harvard and MIT knew too well how capitalists operated!

The United States had an extremely high inheritance tax, so many billionaires were reluctant to directly pass their assets to their descendants. In order to avoid taxes, they set up so-called charity funds under various names. As long as the money was placed in the foundation, they could directly avoid a large amount of taxes. Therefore, many of the charity funds of the rich were just a cover to avoid taxes in the name of charity. The best way was to "donate" the money to their own charity foundation, and then let their children actually manage it. When the time came, how the money was used, 95% was up to them. Even if they used their own charity fund to buy themselves a 100 million USD mansion, as long as the 100 million USD did not exceed 95% of the total assets, it was all legal …

Therefore, nowadays, only those overseas who did not understand the United States' laws would praise the behavior of the rich in the United States for donating to various foundations. Those who really understood the reason would have long since scoffed at this practice.

In this social context, Li Mu's charity fund was simply a clean stream of clean water. All the net profits were rushed into the fund pool, and all the funds were used 100% for charity. Moreover, the accounts were open and they were subject to the supervision of the whole society!

This was what it meant to do charity with real money!

Taking out hundreds of millions of USD in cash every year for charity!

And it was charity without any discount!

Compared to Li Mu, some of the hypocritical rich in the United States were simply despicable and worthless!

The audience went crazy. More than 30,000 top students from the world's top universities found their true life idol at this moment!

The applause lasted for two or three minutes before it gradually stopped. Every university student present looked at Li Mu with fanatical eyes …

The leaders of Harvard did not expect Li Mu to have such a strong, terrifying appeal to this group of young people!

After the applause, Li Mu was unfazed. With a flat face, he continued, "About 3321, what I'm most proud of is that we've changed our approach to charity. We didn't solicit donations from the society, nor did we apply for any subsidies from the state. We've only built a healthy industrial chain around charity."

"We provide a platform for university students to earn money through part-time jobs. While they earn money for themselves, they can also bring profits to the platform. Then, we use these profits to help students who have not yet gone to university. In the future, when these sponsored students go to university, they can use 3321 to help themselves and other students who have not gone to university. This is 3321's ecological closed loop. It is the nuclear reactor that ensures its continuous operation."

When Li Mu understood this concept, the Harvard and MIT students were almost in tears.

Look at other people's charity. This is f * cking charity!

Even doing charity with such dedication, it is really admirable!

Therefore, more than 30,000 university students stood up and applauded again. Most of them had red eyes.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "So, back to the topic I mentioned to you at the beginning. For people of our age, we should have the courage to try and be brave enough to try and make mistakes. Only then can we achieve our greatest self-worth. So, if you have an idea, first of all, don't retreat. Don't come up with an idea yourself and then come up with a series of reasons to deny it. Instead, be brave enough to try and take the first step!

"Some people say that self-denial is out of caution. I don't agree. In my opinion, that is not caution, it is laziness!

One hundred percent laziness!

Because anything, as long as you think about it, has infinite possibilities. But no matter how many possibilities there are, if you don't think about it and don't do it, the possibility of realizing it is zero. "

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused for a moment and said with a smile, "I have an interesting story that is purely made up.

One day, an excellent businessman said to his son, 'I want to find you a wife.'

The son said, 'But I prefer to find one myself.'

The son said, 'But this girl is Bill Gates' daughter! '

The son said, 'If that's the case, that's fine.'

Then he found Bill Gates and said, 'I found a husband for your daughter.'

Bill Gates said, 'No, my daughter is still young!'

He said, 'But this young man is the Vice President of the World Bank!'

Bill Gates said, 'If that's the case, that's fine!'

Finally, he found the President of the World Bank and said, 'I want to recommend you a Vice President!'

The President said, 'But I have too many Vice Presidents, I don't need one!'

He said, 'But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law! '

The President said, 'If that's the case, that's fine …' "

When Li Mu said this, the audience was already laughing. Although the joke was about Bill Gates, this was a joke made up by Hua Xia's netizens. But Li Mu could be sure that this joke had not been born yet. So, even Americans who were familiar with Bill Gates did not have the slightest sense of déjà vu when they heard this joke.

Li Mu's joke seemed humorous, but it also contained many classic principles in the business field. For example: How to get something with nothing?

How to create demand for upstream and downstream?

How to better integrate upstream and downstream demand?

How to strategize and handle multiple business activities with ease?

The audience was full of talented students, and many of them studied business. They could immediately hear the classic principles contained in Li Mu's funny joke. Being able to integrate business into such an interesting joke made them have a new understanding of Li Mu's sense of humor.

At this time, there was a red-eyed young man in the audience who suddenly blushed. That person was Mark Zuckerberg.

Li Mu's previous speech made Mark Zuckerberg completely become his die-hard fan. He used his red eyes and secretly wiped away his tears to silently express his admiration for Li Mu.

At this time, this funny joke that Li Mu said suddenly reminded him of himself.

Mark Zuckerberg recalled the whole process of him "inviting" Li Mu to Harvard. It was a copy of Li Mu's joke.