Chapter 1575

During the SARS period, Xie Yun and Li Mu's mother developed a deep friendship in Ziyun Villa. After leaving Yan Jing, they kept in touch by phone and text message, and promised to meet often. This time, they fulfilled their promise.

However, Xie Yun's timing was really good. Li Mu's mother was actively expanding her clothing business. Recently, she had reached a strategic cooperation with two new brands in Ningcheng, and she was ready to take over the agency of the entire Nansu Province. Ningcheng was very close to Hangzhou, so it was very convenient for her to come here.

Zhao Ziqiu, who was on the side, blushed when she heard the content of her parents' conversation.

However, when she heard that her mother had invited Li Mu's mother to Hangzhou as a guest and received a positive reply, she was also very happy in her heart.

If Li Mu's parents could come over, Li Mu should take some time out to visit no matter how busy he was, right?

This guy had been so busy recently that she couldn't even see his shadow. She knew that he had too many things to do, so she was embarrassed to act coquettishly with him. This time, perhaps she could take this opportunity to see him and let him accompany her for two more days.

When Zhao Ziqiu was happy alone, Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun had already stood up. Xie Yun said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Don't just read the newspaper. Eat your meal first. I'm going to the company with your father. If you are bored at home, go to your grandfather's house for lunch. Your uncle is still talking about you. He said that he will go back to the United States soon, but he hasn't seen you many times."

"Okay, I'll go after breakfast." Zhao Ziqiu nodded absent-mindedly.

Xie Yun said, "Remember to call your grandma before you go. Don't let them not cook for you."

"I know!" Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "I'm not a fool. Don't worry and go to the company."

Xie Yun nodded with a smile and said, "Call me when you go to your grandma's house."

"Alright, I got it. Let's go!"

Xie Yun and Zhao Xianliang walked out of the room together. The driver and Zhao Xianliang's secretary were already waiting in the yard. Both of them stood beside the car. When they saw the couple come out, they opened the doors on both sides for them.

In the car, Zhao Xianliang was not used to empty-handed, so he said to Xie Yun, "Honey, the energy market hasn't shown much improvement recently. I think we can adopt a conservative strategy for the time being, control the pace, and then withdraw a part of the funds to invest in a more promising industry."

Xie Yun nodded and said, "It's good enough that the energy market can stabilize for the next two years. Indeed, there isn't much room for growth. However, there aren't any flexible industries that can operate now. If it's a long-term market, I suggest we stabilize it first. It's easy to invest a large sum of money, but it's hard to withdraw."

Zhao Xianliang laughed and said, "I found an excellent new market. The future is absolutely bright. After the funds enter, they can withdraw with high returns in a few years. If they don't withdraw, they can also use it as a long-term development."

Xie Yun was very confused and asked, "What new market?

Tell me. "

Zhao Xianliang pretended to be mysterious and said, "Think about it first and see if you can figure it out."

Xie Yun said, "How can I think about it? You didn't give me any clues or anything."

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "The clues are in life. You need to slowly refine them yourself to find the business opportunities contained in them."

Xie Yun shook her head and said, "Don't be deliberately mystifying. I'm not as flexible as you. I'm not suitable to work from nothing to something. I'm suitable to work from something to more. So the premise is that there must be something first. Don't keep me guessing."

Zhao Xianliang laughed out loud and said proudly, "People like you who read too much tend to become numb. It's still someone like me who comes from an unorthodox background who has a more flexible mind."

Xie Yun pinched the inside of Zhao Xianliang's arm and said gently, "If you show off to me again, I'll be ruthless."

Zhao Xianliang grimaced in pain and hurriedly said, "Okay, okay, okay, I'll tell you."

Then, he straightened his collar and said seriously, "The new market I'm talking about is the football market. Li Mu bought the Manchester City Football Club. What does this mean?

It means that Li Mu is interested in football and wants to enter the football market. Although Li Mu is doing the English Premier League market, Li Mu will let more people in Hua Xia pay attention to the English Premier League and then pay attention to football. Then what?

Everyone will naturally pay attention to domestic football. At that time, domestic football will definitely usher in a period of rapid development. Entering at this time will be the perfect time to seize this wave of market. "

Xie Yun's eyes lit up and she blurted out, "Good job, Old Zhao!

Why didn't I think of it! "

Zhao Xianliang looked proud and said with a smile, "Doing business requires a keen sense of smell. To put it bluntly, your sense of smell for business opportunities is sharper than a dog's nose. Although Li Mu has not made any investment in the domestic football market yet, nor has he made any statement, I speculate that a person with a strong sense of national mission like Li Mu will definitely pay attention to the domestic situation. He will definitely find ways to improve the domestic football level, the football environment, and the football market. I even speculate that he bought the English Premier League club to build a European frontier fortress for domestic football. Therefore, I speculate that Li Mu will invest a lot of money in the domestic football field in the future, intending to directly revitalize this industry and even push it to an unprecedented height. In this way, all football-related industries will rise in the future."

Xie Yun asked him, "Then what do you think we should invest in if we invest in the football industry?

Clubs or others? "

Zhao Xianliang said, "Clubs are one direction. Now the overall premium of the clubs is relatively low. Once it enters the stage of high premium in the industry, even if you don't do anything and keep the status quo, the investment can be doubled. A club can be bought for 50 million and left to operate as usual. Two years later, the industry premium will increase, and the club can still be bought for 200 million. Isn't this a good investment market?

Just like those who invested in the Internet in 1999, they have basically made a fortune now. At that time, investing 10 million can be exchanged for 100 million or even 1 billion. "

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang added, "In addition to the clubs, the entire football industry chain can be invested. For example, we can invest 300 million first and buy advertising resources from the Jia-A League that are now worth 100 million yuan. Then, we can sign a three-year contract and hold it in our hands for three months. When Li Mu starts to affect the football market in Hua Xia, the remaining nine months of the first year can be sold for at least 130 million yuan. In the second year, it may be sold for 200 to 300 million yuan. In the third year, it may be sold for 300 million yuan."

"Or we can invest in a few football field hardware manufacturers. Once the football market becomes popular, the enthusiasm for football in the country will also rise. Maybe the demand for plastic football fields will suddenly rise from 1,000 sets a year to 10,000 sets a year. There are business opportunities in this. Moreover, the exit time will not exceed three years. Basically, we can see at least five to ten times the profit now."

Xie Yun nodded in agreement and said, "I think your analysis is very reasonable. Li Mu will definitely find ways to promote the development of domestic football in the future. At that time, the market will definitely be very good. Most people will only take action when they see that the market is really good. If we rush in now, we can just seize the advantage."

Zhao Xianliang said seriously, "My idea is to first take out a portion of the funds on the books, then buy the shell of an investment fund, and then find a bank with a good relationship to get a loan. Together, we will set up a fund to invest in sports, and then gradually disperse the money into various fields of the football market. As for the funding method of the fund, banks generally do not like to be in a mezzanine, so we will do the simplest first priority. The banks will go first, and we will go second to ensure their stability. We will bear the greatest risk and the greatest profit. But as I said just now, the risk is very low."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang added, "Don't look at Li Mu just because he is young. He is very ruthless when it comes to playing with capital. The money he used to buy Apple was raised from his racing club using the simplest first priority method. He handed over the specific matters of the fundraising to those individuals. Those individuals then used their own magical powers to get low-interest loans from various financial departments with connections, and then gave them to Li Mu to eat the interest difference. If I had his ability, I could raise eighty-one billion in cash and casually invest in high-tech companies. I would make a lot of money in a few years."

Xie Yun said, "It's not as simple as you think. Li Mu raised billions of dollars to buy a company. That's still fine. As long as he has the confidence to deal with the company and bring it back to life, the money will not be lost. But if you are given billions of dollars to invest, you can only invest in dozens or even hundreds of companies. Otherwise, ordinary companies will not be able to absorb it at all. At that time, not only will the management cost be very high, but the failure rate will also be very high, and you may not be able to make a lot of money."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "That's why I've never thought of investing in high-tech industries because I don't understand it. However, football can really be done. It's not about the success or failure of a company. It's about the rise of an industry. When the time comes, the entire industry will double in size, so the failure rate of such an investment is very low."

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang continued, "We'll talk to the bank in the way I mentioned. The scale can be tentatively set at us to invest five to one billion, and the bank will provide one to two billion. We'll take about 1.5 to 3 billion to enter the market. 30% will be used to acquire and buy shares in the club, 30% will be used to purchase football resources in advance, and the remaining 40% will be distributed to various football-related companies. After three years, after deducting all the costs and the profits from the bank's withdrawal, we'll at least make a net profit of three times!"

Xie Yun said, "In principle, I don't have any objections, but I suggest that you talk to Li Mu face to face before you do it. If Li Mu has the same plan as you, you'll be taking away Li Mu's market by doing this. When the time comes, Li Mu will plant trees for you to enjoy the shade, and it will look like we're too sly. It won't look good on his face."

Zhao Xianliang pondered for a moment and nodded seriously. He said, "You're right. We have to greet Li Mu, or else we'll be picking Li Mu's fruits."