Chapter 1826

A few months later, 50% of the Muye Automobile Group's construction had been completed.

All of Volvo's production lines had been moved to Yanjing. Jaguar and Land Rover's production lines in the UK had also begun to move.

The mass production of the Muye Aurora concept car was also progressing.

The LCD screen had been solved. The supplier was a high-tech company from Shenzhen, Hua Xia. Makino Technology's hardware laboratory had invested in this company twice, helping it to become a company specializing in the LCD screen of cars.

After the LCD screen was solved, Makino Technology's human-computer interaction system and car entertainment system were also successfully tested.

Users could see all kinds of information about the car through the LCD screen and adjust various parameters. Basically, it had reached the leading level in the industry.

In fact, the development of software in the automotive industry has been very slow. A few years after the introduction of smartphones, the vehicle interaction system could only satisfy the simple function of media playback. Companies like Mercedes-Benz, BMW, and Audi have not developed a vehicle interaction system or entertainment system that truly keeps up with the times.

In the end, it was Apple and Google, the two smartphone companies, and Tesla, who had started the car entertainment system revolution.

But now, Li Mu had become a disruptor in the automotive industry.

The Muye human-computer interaction and entertainment system was enough to beat all the competitors on the market.

In addition, the Keyhole map and navigation system, which had been acquired by Google, had been integrated with the Muye human-computer interaction system. With the support of Keyhole's powerful map library, Muye Aurora could implement GPS navigation services in most countries and regions around the world.

In the mainland of Hua Xia, because of the agreement with the operator, Aurora owners in the mainland could enjoy the convenience of regular online map updates in the future. This alone was already ahead of all the other car manufacturers in the world.

In fact, from the development path of Tesla, it could be seen that once someone used the Internet to make cars, the traditional car manufacturers would immediately be left behind.

When the car interaction system was officially unveiled, it immediately caused a stir in the automotive industry. Originally, the car manufacturers maintained a tacit understanding and kept upgrading their software systems. But now, a completely unconventional car manufacturer suddenly emerged and came up with a complete human-computer interaction system solution that was far superior to other car manufacturers.

This system immediately became the focus of car enthusiasts and potential consumers. Its emergence was like the sudden emergence of a color screen smartphone in the era of blue screen phones. Users immediately felt the development and progress of technology.

In order for Muye to lead the technological trend in the automotive industry, Li Mu specially introduced a complete set of electric drive technology and solutions from Tesla, and launched a plug-in hybrid Muye Aurora.

The plug-in hybrid Aurora had a small set of lithium batteries and a Tesla electric motor. Its pure electric range could reach about 55 kilometers.

Because Tesla had been immersed in the research and development of electric drive technology, this set of electric drive solutions was very complete, and the practical effect was very good.

This hybrid Aurora could replace the engine with electric drive when starting, idling, and other bad conditions, so that the engine could only be started and used under the best conditions. This could bring better fuel economy to the vehicle, and at the same time, reduce carbon emissions, and be more environmentally friendly.

This kind of car didn't seem to be very meaningful, but for the people in Silicon Valley and Zhongguancun, it was still very meaningful. If they bought such a car, they could shamelessly talk about energy saving and emission reduction, environmental protection, global warming, and other topics in front of the TV and other media. They could even label themselves as environmentalists. It had a special meaning.

It was just like when the Prius was popular in Silicon Valley. No one knew how much carbon emissions it could reduce, but as long as you drove a Prius, you could stand up and scold other car owners around the world for polluting the environment and accelerating global warming, and you could stand on the moral high ground of reducing carbon emissions for the planet. The price-performance ratio of this car could be said to be very high.

In July, the mass-produced model of the Aurora was officially off the production line, and it began to be divided into several routes to different areas for road tests.

In addition to the urban, mountainous, and long-distance highways, the road tests also included the Siberian region of Russia, the tropical region near the equator, the desert region in the northwest, and other extreme environments.

The reason why the road tests were conducted in these harsh areas was mainly to test the defects of the model in extreme environments, and then optimize and adjust the model.

However, the Makino Aurora was more of a shortcut. Its core was derived from Volvo's mature XC60 technology, so it was basically an XC60 with a new shell. Apart from the lower engine and lower specifications, there wasn't much difference between the mid-to-low-end model and the Makino Aurora.

It could be said that this was a proper mature model.

The mature model itself had been finalized, and many problems had been discovered and corrected. Therefore, there were very few problems with the new shell for road tests.

Moreover, when other cars were tested, they would use camouflage stickers to prevent others from seeing the body design, waistline design, and so on. However, Li Mu did not care about this at all.

In the beginning, people thought that the Aurora was a concept car and was unlikely to be mass-produced, so he directly mass-produced it for them to see. Moreover, since the design of the Aurora was so outstanding, there was naturally no need to use a thick layer of camouflage. It was better to show it openly and let everyone know that this was the mass-produced version of the Aurora. It was almost no different from the concept version.

Therefore, the road tests of the Aurora attracted the attention of a large number of enthusiasts and ordinary people, no matter where it was driven.

While the Aurora was on the road test, the mass-produced model was already at full power, and one after another was driven off the production line at the production base in Yan Jing.

At the same time, Li Mu began to establish his own sales channels in Hua Xia and several other countries and regions around the world.

Li Mu decided to adopt the same sales model as Tesla, which was a direct sales model.

Moreover, Li Mu had adopted a three-level plan for the establishment of sales channels that he had long planned.

He placed the exhibition and sales center in the most prosperous area of the city center, the test drive and experience center in the urban area near the suburbs, and the after-sales service center in the suburbs. Such a planning method could maximize the exposure of the Aurora, and at the same time, minimize the driving distance for customers.

For example, the first sales store of Aurora was opened in the Yan Jing CBD.

In a 600-square-meter store in the CBD, there were eight Aurora of different colors and types. Users could directly see the Aurora in a static state and experience the various details and functions of the car in a static state, such as the exterior, interior, seats, ride experience, and human-computer interaction.

The first test drive store of Aurora was opened outside the North Fourth Ring Road. If users wanted to test drive, they could directly take a car from the sales store and participate in the test drive activity.

If users liked the car, they could directly pay at the sales center or the test drive center to book a car.

After receiving the order, the car would enter the production schedule. After the car was produced, it would be directly transported to the city where the customer was located.

There were two methods for the delivery of the car.

One was to directly send the car to the customer's door, and the user would check the car at the door and complete the handover procedures.

The other method was to transport the car to the sales store, and the user would go to the sales store to complete the handover.

Once the user picked up the car, the after-sales service communication would be completely handed over to the comprehensive after-sales service center of Aurora in China, where there would be 24/7 customer service online to answer questions.

If the user needed maintenance, they could directly call the 800 number or make an appointment with a landline number. Through the internal control system, the after-sales service center could clearly see the project schedule of each after-sales service point at a glance, and directly make an appointment according to the user's requirements.

The after-sales service point itself could not make any changes to the work scheduled by the customer service center, so that the after-sales service point could avoid the possibility of arbitrary queue-cutting and differential treatment.

Using such a service model, Aurora was saved from the cumbersome process and cost of establishing a comprehensive 4S store in every city.

The exhibition hall was directly rented to a prosperous street, and the test drive center was directly arranged near a road suitable for test driving. As for the after-sales service points, they were all located in the suburbs, which was equivalent to completely dismantling the functions of a 4S store.

As soon as this model was introduced, it attracted the attention of the whole society. So far, Aurora was the first to use this model to sell cars.

Immediately afterward, Aurora opened such direct sales stores in all the first and second tier cities in the country.

At the same time, it established the first batch of overseas direct sales in Tokyo, Seoul, London, Berlin, and New York, the United States.

In August, Aurora officially launched the global pre-sales of Aurora.

The total number of pre-sales worldwide was a total of 180,000 units.

Of these, 150,000 units were the current maximum annual output of Aurora, including the Volvo production line and the new production line. 30,000 units were previously produced, but not officially sold.

The 180,000 units had already been on the market, and it encountered a crazy scramble by consumers all over the world.

In the past, Land Rover had won a beautiful battle in the global market with the Aurora, and the domestic price markup had even reached more than 50%.

Now that the car was in the hands of Li Mu, it was completely sold directly without any markup. Naturally, in the eyes of consumers, it had become an extremely cost-effective product.

Some people said that the appearance and interior of the Aurora were worth 300,000 yuan. This seemed like an exaggeration, but in fact, the appearance and interior of a car that was worth 600,000 yuan might not be able to compare with the appearance and interior of the Aurora.

Therefore, all 180,000 Muino Aurora units were sold out in just five days!

This speed of sales shocked the entire automobile manufacturing industry!

()

First, set a small goal, such as one second.