Chapter 946

After hanging up the phone, Xie Chenglong was satisfied.

Li Mu and Wei Lan had put on a good show without a script, but they had a tacit understanding of each other, which made Xie Chenglong feel very real.

Even if Xie Chenglong had criminal experience, it was the first time he had been kidnapped. Moreover, he had asked for a ransom of hundreds of millions. Such a large amount was completely out of his control, so the whole situation had gone out of control without him noticing it at all.

Many people had an upper limit to their control. In the business world, some entrepreneurs could plan perfectly when given a million yuan. Every penny would be spent wisely, but when given ten million yuan, they would panic. The reason was that their ability was not enough to control the overall situation of ten million yuan. Therefore, under the leadership of such a person, the company would not be able to make it to Series B.

In the military, there were many officers and generals who led troops of a few thousand people to make detours and lure the enemy in. They fought very well and smoothly, but when they were really asked to lead the army and plan how to coordinate the infantry and artillery, surround the enemy, and attack the enemy's reinforcements, they would often make a mess. The reason was that the upper limit of their ability was that they were only suitable to lead troops of a few thousand people.

Compared to the experienced Xie Chenglong, Li Mu, who had no criminal experience, had no advantage in the crime itself. However, in terms of overall control, he was countless times better than Xie Chenglong. Even the momentum of his speech completely suppressed Xie Chenglong.

It was also because Li Mu controlled the rhythm very well, and Wei Lan was really smart to the extreme. She followed Li Mu's rhythm and said the two sentences that she had been holding back in her heart until the end. It was simply perfect.

Xie Chenglong didn't know that at this time, Li Mu had already known the mastermind behind the kidnapping of Wei Lan. He hung up the phone with Li Mu and removed the battery of Wei Lan's phone. He had heard about signal positioning. It was said that as long as the phone was turned on for a few minutes, the police would have a way to calculate the approximate location of the phone based on the signal strength of each base station. Although he didn't know if Li Mu would call the police after hanging up the phone, he didn't dare to take this risk.

Xie Chenglong removed the battery and put it in his pocket. He said to Wei Lan in a flat tone, "Good cooperation. Tomorrow at noon, I'll let you talk to him again. No one will disturb you during this time, but you have to behave yourself. Don't cause any trouble."

Wei Lan knew that with Li Mu's intelligence, he must have received the message she conveyed, so her heart was already clear. She couldn't hide her excitement as she nodded repeatedly at Xie Chenglong.

Xie Chenglong misunderstood Wei Lan's excitement and even sneered in his heart. This woman was really stupid. Did she really think that she could live just because Li Mu promised to pay?

Don't be naive. You've already seen my face. Whether you can get the money or not, you won't be able to live.

However, it was also a good thing to let her continue to have some hope. As long as she felt that she had a chance to live, she would actively cooperate with him to get the money.

Thinking of this, Xie Chenglong felt very comfortable. He pushed the door and went out. He said to the two men who were guarding the door, "Keep a good watch for me, but without my permission, none of you are allowed to go in and disturb me. Do you understand?"

Now Wei Lan was a golden Bodhisattva worth more than 100 million. Xie Chenglong would never allow any of his men, even Song Zhilei, to have any improper thoughts about her before he got the money.

The two men also knew Xie Chenglong's ruthless character. They quickly nodded. "Brother Six, don't worry. We will not go in and disturb you …"

Xie Chenglong nodded with satisfaction. "After it's done, you guys will have a good life. I'll take you to the south. You can find any woman you want then!"

…

Li Mu hung up the phone and didn't call the police immediately. He knew that although it was necessary to call the police, he couldn't call the police through normal channels.

If the police were to call the police through normal channels, the people below would know first, and then the information would be transmitted step by step. The way the information was transmitted was like an inverted pyramid. In this way, the information would spread too much, and he couldn't control it at all. If the robbers found out, it would definitely increase the danger for Wei Lan.

Li Mu thought that now that he knew that the mastermind behind the scenes was Song Zhilei, he had 48 hours to find Song Zhilei. If he found him, he could find Wei Lan.

As for how to find Song Zhilei in the vast sea of people, he had to rely on the public security department for special cases. Li Mu knew that the ability of the national machine was far beyond his imagination. At this time, he had to rely on the government.

Only then did Li Mu have time to check the text messages on the other phone. Song Liang sent three messages to Li Mu, which were: "I'm coming!", "What's the specific situation?", and "What do you need me to do now?"

Chen Ze sent two to Li Mu, "F * ck!

I'm coming! "," I called Chief Gu of the Municipal Public Security Bureau. He's already on the way to Taobao! "

When Li Mu saw that Chen Ze had gone to the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, he felt a lot more relieved. Chen Ze was indeed the son of a government official. He knew that this kind of thing should be done from the top to the bottom. First, he would find the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau and inform him of the situation. Then, he would let him carefully select the capable and qualified elites to cooperate in the investigation. This way, the case would naturally be much easier to handle!

Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong had been listening at the side, so they naturally heard what had happened. The two of them hurriedly asked about the specific situation. Li Mu gave them a rough idea. After the two of them heard it, besides exclaiming about Wei Lan's experience, they also sighed. "Wei Lan is really a smart woman. She revealed the most important clues in just two sentences!"

Li Mu said, "Next, we'll see how to save her."

Liu Shixiong asked him, "What are your plans?"

Li Mu said, "I'll look for the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau for help, but I'll have to look for the higher-ups first. The higher-ups will directly assign elites to investigate this case."

Ten minutes later, Song Liang arrived first.

The moment he entered, Song Liang couldn't wait to ask Li Mu, "What exactly happened?!

Did the kidnappers contact you? "

Li Mu nodded. Just as he was about to explain the situation, Chief Gu, who lived in the city, also arrived.

As the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Chief Gu had been really uneasy on the way here.

To be honest, in the entire Beijing, he didn't want to deal with Li Mu the most. Because he was a public security officer, no matter how awesome Li Mu was, it had nothing to do with him. However, if anything went wrong, he would have to take the blame.

It wasn't easy for him to not have anything to do with Li Mu for a period of time. He didn't expect that today, when he was asleep, Chen Ze's call would make him so nervous that his heart was beating wildly. Wei Lan had been kidnapped.

Although he didn't know much about this woman, he had heard about her. She used to be a famous real estate developer in Shanghai, and now she was Li Mu and Chen Ze's partner in Wanying Real Estate.

Li Mu was hard enough to communicate with, and Chen Ze was involved. The two of them together brought him a lot of pressure.

A kidnapping case was a major criminal case, and it was also a case that could easily cause a bad influence on society. With these two young gods involved, Gu Jianghe was really anxious.

As soon as Chief Gu arrived, he also hurriedly asked what had happened. Li Mu called Chen Ze and heard that he would arrive in five minutes. He said to Chief Gu and Song Liang, "Everyone, wait for a moment. When Old Chen arrives, I will explain the situation to you."

Chief Gu was very nervous and couldn't help but say, "Li Zong, do you need me to arrange the troops in advance and let the people of the Municipal Public Security Bureau move?"

Li Mu said, "We can't let the information spread too much now. How about this, Chief Gu, please call a few criminal investigation elites to come here in plain clothes. I'm afraid that someone among the kidnappers is secretly watching me. If they find out that I go to the Municipal Public Security Bureau at this time, it will definitely bring a great sense of urgency to them."

Song Liang, who was experienced in society, also nodded and said, "It's best if Li Mu stays here and doesn't move. If it's possible, Chief Gu, please personally organize a task force and choose this place as the headquarters."

Chief Gu thought about it and agreed. If the kidnappers were really watching Li Mu's every move, then he naturally couldn't have any direct contact with the police. Li Mu's place was not far from the Municipal Public Security Bureau, for example, he might as well set up a headquarters here.

Therefore, Chief Gu immediately called several very experienced criminal investigation veterans in the Municipal Public Security Bureau. Half an hour later, these people all brought their most trusted subordinates and rushed to Li Mu's office to discuss the case.

The Municipal Public Security Bureau's criminal investigation experts proposed several parallel plans. One was to immediately find the first scene of the crime, find clues from the scene, and follow the clues. The other was to use the mobile phone's GPS to find Song Zhilei's whereabouts.

The Municipal Public Security Bureau urgently gathered a team of criminal police and began to investigate the last place Wei Lan left, which was Wan Ying Real Estate. At the same time, the mobile phone operator also began to actively cooperate.

The Public Security Bureau had the right to ask the operator to cooperate and retrieve all the relevant information of the mobile phone number. Gu Jianghe attached great importance to this matter. In the middle of the night, he called the two major operators in Beijing and asked them to immediately send senior technical personnel to Taobao to fully cooperate with the Public Security Bureau to solve the case.

At around one o 'clock in the morning, the sales of Taobao had just exceeded 300 million yuan. The two major operators in Beijing rushed to Taobao with a few nervous operators' technical personnel, computers, and other equipment. As soon as they arrived, they immediately expressed to Gu Jianghe that they would do their best to help the Municipal Public Security Bureau solve the case.

Gu Jianghe immediately issued the first order: Locate Wei Lan's mobile phone's location.

After the mobile operator's technical personnel operated in their own backend system for a while, he said apologetically, "The other party's mobile phone is no longer online. We can't locate her specific location."

Li Mu frowned. "What's your base station's positioning logic?"

The technical personnel said, "Li Zong, the base station's positioning logic is to use multiple base stations to contact the mobile phone, and then use the difference in signal between the multiple base stations and the mobile phone to determine the approximate location of the mobile phone. For example, if it's 1,000 meters away from point A, 1,500 meters away from point B, and 1,800 meters away from point C, then draw a circle with the distance between the three base stations as the radius. In the end, the area where the three circles overlap is the approximate location of the mobile phone. This positioning method isn't accurate enough, and the error is about one to two hundred meters."

Li Mu said, "Then look at the base station's record when Wei Lan's mobile phone was last connected to the network, and then use your method to deduce the exact location of the mobile phone?"

The technical personnel shook his head and said, "Li Zong, our base station won't actively record the relevant information when the user is connected to the network, so our backend system doesn't have the specific base station's record, only the user's access time."

Li Mu was very surprised. "No record?

Doesn't your base station record the information of the device that is connected to the network at this base station by default? "

The technical personnel said awkwardly, "To be honest, Li Zong, you're in the Internet business, and your backend processing isn't much different from ours. You know, a device in the city has to frequently switch base stations dozens of times a day, or even more, according to the trajectory of its daily life. If the base station records every time it connects to the base station, the amount of data written is really too large, and it's very difficult for our database to support it …"

After saying that, the technical personnel explained again, "There's only one situation where our base station will actively record the user's data."

Li Mu asked, "What situation?"

"Roaming …" The technical personnel's face became even more awkward as he said, "The reason why the user's switching base stations within the local area isn't recorded is because the amount of data written is too large, and it's also because of cost considerations. However, once the user goes to a different place, the call will incur roaming charges, so when the user is roaming, the base station will record the user's relevant information to collect the user's roaming charges …"

Chen Ze instantly exploded. "F * ck!

You operators are such a scammer!

If the local users don't incur roaming charges, you won't record it, but if there is a roaming charge, you won't miss a single one? "

"This …"

The technical personnel's face turned red. The actual situation was indeed like this. The enterprise also served the interests of profits, and they did not want to blindly store a large number of records that could not generate profits, which would increase the cost and burden.

However, Li Mu expressed his understanding in his heart. The mobile operators had hundreds of millions of users in the country. If the information of each user switching base stations every day had to be recorded and written into the database, the amount of data generated every day would be so huge that it would be frightening. Without the motivation of profits, the operators naturally would not invest so much to keep this meaningless data. Moreover, the greater the data written, the greater the impact and test on the system's stability. Therefore, they only kept the roaming data, which was in line with business and technical logic.

Thus, Li Mu said at this time, "Then let's not talk about this for now. Let me ask you, since the last time the phone was connected to the network, you didn't have a base station record here, which means that Weilan's phone was still within the jurisdiction of Yanjing City at that time, right?"

The technical personnel nodded. "That was the case the last time it was connected to the network, but the phone is turned off now, so I can't guarantee that it is still within the jurisdiction of the city."

Li Mu asked again, "Then if the other party's phone is turned on and connected to the network again, how long will it take for you to locate the specific location?"

The technical personnel said, "At least more than two minutes."

Li Mu was also about to explode. "You still need two minutes?

Why? "

The technical personnel had no choice but to explain, "As soon as it is connected to the network, we can first get the information of the base station that is connected to by default. The method of locating the phone just now requires at least three base stations to connect to the phone. In the case where only one base station is confirmed, if it is in the city, it may only be able to locate an area with a radius of one kilometer. If it is in the suburbs, it may be able to locate an area with a radius of two kilometers or even more. It is too inaccurate …"

Li Mu asked him, "So you need more than two minutes to confirm the information of the first base station that is connected to by default, and then let at least two nearby base stations connect to the phone before you can confirm the location?"

"Yes."

The technical personnel nodded and said, "The actual situation is more complicated. The phone can only connect to one signal source at a time, which is one base station. So in order for the phone to connect to the other base stations, we have to first weaken or even shut down the signal of the first base station, then strengthen the signal of the other base stations so that the phone can capture this signal and connect to the second base station. After confirming the information of the second base station, we will then shut down this base station and strengthen the signal of the third base station to allow the phone to connect. Only after the phone successfully connects to the three base stations can we infer the specific location. This is equivalent to letting the three base stations successfully communicate with the phone one by one. So, two minutes is an optimistic estimate …"

Li Mu was dumbfounded.

Damn, he used to see criminal investigation scenes in movies where the police needed time to locate the criminal suspect, and most of the time, the criminal suspect's timing was just right, hanging up the phone just as the police were about to locate him. He used to think that this was just an exaggeration in movies, but he didn't expect it to be so troublesome!

Li Mu asked again, "If the other party's call time doesn't meet your requirements by 12 o 'clock tomorrow, you still can't locate the specific location, right?"

The technical personnel nodded. "We can locate the approximate radius, but this radius may be very large. If it's in the suburbs, where the signal base stations are not dense enough, then the range will be even larger …"

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "Then you can check Song Zhilei's phone number now and see what's the situation with his phone!"

Nowadays, most phone numbers didn't have a real name system, but Song Zhilei's phone number often ended with four eights. This number was obtained through his connections with the mobile operator, so it had a real name authentication. The technical personnel from the operator immediately began to thoroughly investigate the roaming situation of this phone number.

However, the results of the investigation were particularly disappointing. "Li Zong, the last time this phone was connected to the network was five days ago, and the location was in Shanghai. After that, we lost contact with it. The device should have been turned off, and it hasn't been turned on until now."

"Check if there are any other phone numbers under Song Zhilei's name?"

"There is one, and it was also turned off five days ago!"

"What about his family?"

"We found his wife, and her phone was also turned off five days ago!"

With so many difficulties, Li Mu suddenly felt a little nervous and desperate.

He knew it was Song Zhilei, but what if he couldn't find Song Zhilei?

Time was running out, and the longer it dragged on, the more danger Wei Lan would be in.

The criminal investigation team from the municipal bureau had already started to move, starting from Wanying Real Estate. Now, Li Mu only had two things to rely on:

First, the criminal investigation team found the first crime scene as soon as possible, and followed the clues to find valuable clues.

Second, at 12 o 'clock tomorrow, when the kidnapper called to confirm, let the operator's technical personnel conduct a base station positioning, hoping to be able to locate the other party!

…