Chapter 1779

There was a special characteristic of internet competition. If you had the first opportunity, you would be able to maintain this advantage as long as you don't make any mistakes.

BTA was the same. Baidu was the first search engine, and it was still the number one in China after 20 years. Tencent was the first to do instant messaging, and it was still the number one in China after 20 years. Ali was the first to do C2C e-commerce.

Not only that, Mobai was the first to do bike sharing, and it had always been in the lead.

Didi was the first to do taxi hailing software, and it had always been in the lead.

Hungry was the first to do food delivery, and it was still able to surpass Meituan in terms of market share.

As for Dangdang, the first to do books, although it had always been a loser, at least in terms of online book sales, no one could compete with it.

The main reason why everyone was able to maintain this advantage was because, from its incubation to its publication, it had led the way for a long period of silent research and development, resource integration, and model discovery.

When he really popped his head out, he didn't just start running. Instead, he was already very far away.

At this time, it was very difficult for anyone to catch up. This was because it had to start from the beginning, and it had to run the route that others had run before.

In order to create Hungry, Li Mu had already researched the model and worked on multiple fronts. He let the R&D team develop the platform, deal with the scooters, and deal with the operators and merchants. But now, Lu Yunhao had to start from scratch.

Everything Li Mu did now had become a standardized execution process, and the technology was also completely common. Therefore, if he wanted to quickly enter the Shanghai market, it would only take him half a month to achieve something from nothing.

As for Lu Yunhao, he did not even understand the platform after half a month.

Therefore, when Li Mu suddenly announced on Weibo that he was going to enter the Shanghai market, Lu Yunhao was caught off guard.

Lu Yunhao immediately called for a meeting to find a solution. But no matter how he thought about it, he could not think of a way to stop Li Mu.

To put it bluntly, this was not a battle between tanks. This was a battle between tanks and semi-finished tracks, semi-finished engines, and semi-finished turrets.

Li Mu's tank had already started running. His tank was not even assembled yet, and the parts were not even completed yet. In this situation, how could he stop others?

There was no other way.

Therefore, he could only watch as Li Mu's armored torrent covered the entire Shanghai market in the shortest time possible.

In addition to the ground promotion team and the commercial team, a large number of materials also arrived in Shanghai.

What would these materials include?

Lu Yunhao asked around and was almost scared to death.

Four thousand and one hundred standard Li-ion battery electric vehicles, including one battery, one set of ordinary charging equipment, twelve thousand replacement lithium batteries, one hundred sets of mobile fast charging equipment, two hundred and twenty Iveco service vehicles, and ten thousand Shenzhou computers.

Just the number alone was enough to scare someone to death.

When these materials arrived at Taobao's self-operated warehouse in Shanghai, Lu Yunhao specially brought his team to have a look. They stood at the entrance of the logistics park and watched from afar as trailers drove into the park one after another. That scene was something that Lu Yunhao would never forget.

Lu Yunhao asked around and found out that this was how the Li-ion vehicles played.

First of all, these 200 Iveco vehicles were directly transferred from Jinling Iveco. These vehicles were developed for Taobao's logistics. Other than the front and back seats, the back was empty and flat.

Secondly, after 100 of the Iveco vehicles arrived in Shanghai, they were directly installed with fast charging equipment and anti-collision racks to store lithium batteries. Each vehicle carried 100 lithium batteries that weighed 20 kilograms, and they were specially used as mobile power stations. It was said that the vehicles only needed to find a place to park, and they could use the fast charging equipment to charge the batteries.

When the rider's electric vehicle ran out of battery, they could directly go to the nearest mobile power station and replace the fully charged batteries. Theoretically, they could run non-stop for a day.

Most of the batteries were stored at fixed charging stations. If the charging station could not keep up with the charging speed, 20 Iveco vehicles would be on standby to transport the fully charged batteries over and pull the dead ones over.

As for the remaining 100 Iveco vehicles, half of them were for changing batteries, and the other half were for quick repairs.

The vehicles were installed with 50 batteries, two brand new electric vehicles, a set of maintenance equipment, and a large number of fragile parts. If the electric vehicle ran out of battery, they would send the batteries over. If the electric vehicle broke down, they would go over to repair it.

Many parts of the electric vehicle could be quickly dismantled. If it broke down, they do not need to wait for it to be repaired. They just need to replace it with a new one. If the tires were punctured, they could also quickly change it.

If the electric vehicle broke down too badly, they would immediately send a new one to the rider. We will bring the broken electric vehicle back to the factory for repair.

When Lu Yunhao heard this, he was so scared that he mumbled, "This bastard isn't here to deliver food. He's here to fight a war … Even the logistics of a war might not be so awesome. How much money does he have to burn?

Zheng Chao reminded: "This is how Li Mu does things. If it can be done for 50 cents, he will spend 500."

Lu Yunhao frowned and asked: "Then he has nothing better to do.

If it can be done for 50 cents, why can't he do it for 50 cents? "

Zheng Chao said: "It's very simple. Li Mu wants to do this because he wants to raise the barrier to entry so that others cannot afford to do it."

"That makes sense …" Lu Yunhao nodded. He was in despair.

In the past, he heard that fighting a war was a battle of logistics. Now, he did not expect that delivering food also required logistics.

Li Mu's set of games, just his logistics chain alone, was not something that ordinary people could afford to play.

He could not help but ask: "Isn't there a limited license plate in Zhonghai?

How did he get the license plate for more than 200 Iveco vehicles? "

Zheng Chao said: "He has the support of the government. Such a big project can create jobs for thousands or even tens of thousands of people. Of course, the government will give him some preferential policies. I heard that their license plates are approved by the city government. There is no need to take photos."

"Damn …" Lu Yunhao was speechless.

There was something even more frightening.

10,000 Shenzhou computers.

It was said that this company also had shares in Li Mu. Moreover, Li Mu had led Shenzhou to a price war before, which made Shenzhou flourish.

10,000 computers were said to be used by the merchants.

This was too frightening. According to the market price, just one computer alone was worth tens of millions!

However, he suddenly thought of something and said: "If the merchants get Li Mu's computers, won't they be able to run our backend too?

Doesn't this mean that Li Mu has helped us solve the problem of the merchants not having computers and internet? "

Zheng Chao said: "Their computers have been modified by technology. The merchants cannot install any other applications."

"Damn …"

…

A few days later, a large number of merchants in Shanghai received the computers provided by Hungry Man. The telecommunications companies in Shanghai focused their efforts and within two to three days, all the merchants' internet lines were opened.

After that, the business staff who had already communicated with the merchants in advance and created the electronic menu for them started to help the merchants enter their information and renovate their shops.

Before Lu Yunhao's website was completed, Hungry Man officially launched in Shanghai.

4,000 riders wearing Hungry Man uniforms instantly appeared on the streets and alleys of this bustling city.

Due to the constant news about Hungry Man during this period of time, the citizens of Shanghai already knew about it. Many of them were even looking forward to Hungry Man's launch in Shanghai. Therefore, once Hungry Man was launched in Shanghai, the number of orders skyrocketed.

The 4,000 riders were working day and night, and some of them were even unable to deliver all of them.

The local news in Shanghai surrounded Hungry Man every day for interviews. This brand new model was highly sought after by the local media.

Many celebrities in Shanghai specially used Hungry Man to order food, then took photos and uploaded them to Weibo while tagging Li Mu.

In an instant, it became a trendy trend to use Hungry Man to order food.

This trend not only made Hungry Man even more popular in Shanghai, but it also made the whole country look forward to Hungry Man.

In order to cope with the hot demand in both places, Li Mu directly requested that the number of riders in both Shanghai and Yan Jing exceed 10,000 as soon as possible.

The biggest limitation of the number of riders was the production speed of electric scooters.

Fortunately, the electric scooter factories in China only needed to produce the frames and then use the assembly line to assemble the electric scooters. Therefore, the technical requirements were not high. Therefore, the person in charge of Hungry Man personally went to Guangdong Province and found four electric scooter factories in Maoming City.

This time, Hungry Man directly placed an order for 80,000 electric scooters. It was to get ready as soon as possible. Not only did they want to cover the remaining two first-tier cities, but they also wanted to cover the other four first-tier cities.

Suddenly increasing the order by 80,000 was a huge challenge to the entire hardware supply chain.

All kinds of electric scooter parts manufacturers were working overtime. Tesla was also working overtime.

Elon Musk joked that Tesla was initially defined as a complete vehicle manufacturer. In the end, it became a parts supplier before the mass-produced vehicles.

This was because before Tesla started mass-producing cars, they had already started mass-producing lithium batteries and small brushless motors for electric scooters.

Luckily, there were many 18650 lithium battery manufacturers. Japan had Panasonic and Sanyo, Korea had Samsung and LG. The supply chain was mature, and the quantity was huge. These millions of batteries were nothing to them.

Lu Yunhao was already having a headache because of Hungry Mike's entry into the Shanghai market. In the end, he was accidentally struck by Li Mu's grenade.

Zheng Chao Zhu hurriedly went to find Feng Yu and told him a piece of bad news. The electric scooter factory that had just signed a contract with them had suddenly tightened its production.

Now, Hungry Man's electric scooters were coming out of the production line one by one like sausages. On the other hand, Lu Yunhao's electric scooters were being produced slowly.

When Feng Yu tried to talk to the factory, the factory said they had no other choice and could only produce at the current speed.

Feng Yu tried to ask them for compensation. They also did not object. But their meaning was simple. If Feng Yu wanted compensation, then go to court. If you want to go to court, we will stop production and fight with you.

Lu Yunhao and the rest did not have enough experience, and the penalty for breaching the contract was not high. It was not worth it to fall out with them now.

Just as Lu Yunhao was about to be tortured to the point of breaking down, IDG Capital asked him to solve the problem of the merchants' computers as soon as possible. At least there was one benefit, and that was that Li Mu had already helped these merchants connect to the Internet. If they did not quickly configure computers for them, when the platform went live, the merchants might not be able to access it.