Chapter 60

After Li Mu was reborn, it was rare for him to meet a professional like Kong Lingyu who had a good understanding of the Internet and was also very optimistic about its future.

After a long conversation, Li Mu was still very optimistic about Kong Lingyu. Needless to say, Kong Lingyu was shocked by Li Mu. Li Mu had a deep understanding of the Internet, so much so that he could not understand even a little bit of information that he accidentally revealed.

For example, Li Mu said that Yi Ting wanted to try out a basic cloud listening service. He did not know what the cloud audio-visual was.

However, to Li Mu, the concept of cloud storage was something that the Internet had long been overused in his previous life. No matter how fancy it was, to put it bluntly, it was nothing more than transferring the data that should have been stored locally to the cloud server. Things that should have been handled locally would be handled in the cloud server.

The simplest cloud audio-visual, to put it bluntly, was a list of online listening.

In the future, the backend of the website would store a custom-defined listening list for every registered user. In the future, no matter how the user changed their terminal, as long as they logged in, they would be able to open their favorite song list.

Ten years later, any website that did not have this function would be scolded. However, in the current era, this kind of service was only available in online games and instant messaging software. That was because the developers had not popularized the concept of serving the users.

After chatting for an hour, Kong Lingyu also talked about his website. After he saw that Hao123 had gathered a huge amount of traffic, he felt that there was a business opportunity in it. Therefore, he made something similar. However, there was a problem now. The technology of the navigation website was simple, and the server requirements were not high. However, promotion was a big problem.

He had been working on it for almost half a year, and now there were less than 3,000 daily unique visitors. It could be said to be a pitiful number.

Li Mu was not optimistic about the future of this kind of navigation website. Hao123 was one of the best navigation websites, but the price he would sell it to Baidu in the future would only be in the tens of millions. Moreover, in the future, many web portals and software companies would use their own traffic and installed capacity to promote their own navigation websites. The cost of such a thing was too low, and the barrier of entry was too low. Although there was a lot of traffic, it did not have real user stickiness, much less the possibility of converting users into income. The biggest source of income in the future would be from selling advertisements.

Moreover, after Baidu acquired hao123, it had been using Baidu's huge traffic to support hao123. Therefore, it was a win-win situation for both of them. If Baidu was willing to put in some effort to operate a similar website, the market for navigation websites would be different. It would not be able to form a strong industry chain.

However, the concept of a music portal was more meaningful than a navigation website.

Li Mu knew that there were countless huge acquisitions and mergers in the internet industry in the future. They all had a common characteristic. The party that invested in the acquisition or merger was mostly in their own fields that were not strong enough. The purpose of the acquisition was to complete their own ecosystem and not give their competitors a chance.

For example, Tencent invested in Didi Taxi, and Ali invested in Kuaidi Taxi. Then, both parties burned money to cause a subsidy war. In fact, the real purpose behind the war was to increase their market share in the mobile payment industry.

For example, after Alibaba entered the entertainment industry, it acquired Youku Tudou to fill the gap in the online video industry.

For example, Baidu acquired 91 Assistant to fill the gap in the mobile phone industry.

The transaction price of the above acquisition cases were in "hundreds of millions", and they were all in USD.

As the demand for online listening and MP3 downloads skyrocketed in the future, the giants would definitely keep an eye on this market. If Yi Ting became the leader in this field at that time, it would be very meaningful. Naturally, its valuation would not be low.

Li Mu did not deny Kong Lingyu's own navigation website. Instead, he reached an agreement with him. On the basis that it did not affect the progress of Yi Ting's project, Kong Lingyu could continue to operate his own project. He could even use the strength of Yi Ting's team in the future. If Kong Lingyu wanted to sell his navigation station one day, Li Mu would first consider buying it.

As for Kong Lingyu's salary, it was initially set at 3,000 yuan per month. However, there was a two-month probation period. During the probation period, the monthly salary would not change. After the probation period, Li Mu would use the human resources company to help him with social security.

Kong Lingyu knew that Li Mu was a solo entrepreneur and did not set up a company. Therefore, he did not have any objections. The salary Li Mu offered was almost the same as his salary at Yahoo. After all, this was Jinling, and the cost of living was a level lower than in Beijing. Therefore, Kong Lingyu was very satisfied with the salary.

After the two finalized, Li Mu asked him to stay for lunch and then asked him to interview other people with him in the afternoon.

Li Mu needed Kong Lingyu to be a leader. In the future, he could only control the general direction of Yi Ting, but he needed Kong Lingyu to implement the specific details for him.

In the afternoon, the two interviewed another web developer. The other person was a young man in his early twenties who had just graduated from university. After talking with him and some professional knowledge tests, Li Mu and Kong Lingyu felt that this young man had high expectations but low skills.

The server technology was not a problem. The art designer was a female graduate from Jinling University. She had no work experience, but she looked very down-to-earth and had a certain understanding of the internet.

Li Mu and Kong Lingyu discussed for a while and decided to hire the server technology and art designer. As for the web developer, they would let Kong Lingyu hire him slowly. Li Mu did not have time to waste in Jinling anymore.

Li Mu also left the specific development requirements of Yi Ting to Kong Lingyu. Even the purchase of office computers and other facilities needed in the future was handed over to Kong Lingyu by Li Mu.

Li Mu really had no time and no experience. He could only make the best use of people and let Kong Lingyu take care of it. As for whether he could be trusted, Li Mu did not care. It was rare for them to get along well with each other. He might as well use people without doubt!

Because there was no registered company, Li Mu did not look for a part-time bookkeeping company. He entrusted the support problem on his side to Ye Tianming.

Ye Tianming was also very helpful. He directly called an accountant from his father's company from the building and asked her to help Li Mu deal with the expenses of the entire workplace. The accountant was responsible for reviewing and issuing the salaries of Kong Lingyu and other employees, as well as daily purchases and reimbursements. If Kong Lingyu needed to add office equipment, he only needed to ask.

As for the maintenance fund needed for the entire project, Ye Tianming directly took care of it.

"You don't have to worry about this. The four of us originally promised you that if you help us, we will help you run this business with money and effort."

Given that there were outsiders, Ye Tianming was too embarrassed to say what Li Mu was helping.

But Li Mu was well aware that they had indeed reached this deal at the beginning. In this case, he would not be polite to them. Anyway, he did not have much money. The cost of opening the exclusive store would probably cost about 500,000 yuan at once, and he would not have much money left.

Before Li Mu left, the four people who had a simple plan took out another 200,000 yuan. They did not give this 200,000 yuan to Li Mu, but directly set up an account. This 200,000 yuan would be used exclusively for the development of Yi Ting in the future. If it was not enough, the four people would pay again.

Up until today, Zhang Kexuan and the other three people had already paid 380,000 yuan. It was not a small amount, but it was nothing for the four of them. However, Li Mu had a rough idea in his heart. Now that they had invested 200,000 yuan, it was enough for Yi Ting to start. As for the follow-up costs, he did not intend to let them continue to bear it. When Legend of Mir went online in September this year, he would have a stable income. By then, it would not be a problem to use it to support Yi Ting.

After settling the matters in Jinling, Li Mu bought a train ticket back to Haizhou at 7: 00 pm. Zhang Kexuan and the other three people insisted on treating Li Mu to a meal to see him off. However, during the meal, Li Mu secretly paid the bill.

Zhang Kexuan was very dissatisfied with Li Mu secretly paying the bill. The other three people also complained. In their opinion, Jinling was their home ground. With them there, they still let Li Mu spend money in Jinling, which made them lose face.

However, Li Mu smiled and said, "Everyone just thinks that I am helping you celebrate in advance. Simple Plan will definitely win the provincial championship and go to Yanjing to participate in the finals!"

Zhang Kexuan nodded. When it came to the competition, he was more passionate than anyone else. He stood up and said in high spirits, "The goal of Simple Plan is to win the national championship!

As long as Mu Ge is there, the championship will definitely not be a problem! "

The other three people cheered. In his excitement, Zhang Kexuan asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, if we win the provincial championship, we will need two more songs. I wonder if you have prepared them for us?"

"I'm ready." Li Mu smiled faintly. "It all depends on your capabilities."

"Can you let us listen to it first?"

The four of them were full of anticipation. What other good songs would Li Mu give them in the future was what they were most concerned about.