Chapter 95

After staying in Jinling for a day, Li Mu hurried back to Haizhou. The goods from the Metersbonway headquarters had already been delivered to Haizhou. His aunt had also recruited seven young girls and three young men as fast as possible. These days, the sales salary of 500 yuan plus the base salary was about 50 to 100 yuan higher than that of other specialty stores. It was still very attractive to young people.

Little Aunt quickly displayed her extraordinary management and coordination abilities. She led the staff to make the best use of the time to stock the goods while also giving them training. The ten young people were also very enthusiastic about this job. After all, Li Mu's store was the most high-end clothing store in Hai Zhou. Just working here made them feel a lot happier.

When Li Mu arrived home, he found that his parents were not at home. It was already nine o 'clock in the evening. Even if they took a walk, it was already past the usual time. At first, Li Mu wanted to call and ask, but suddenly, an idea flashed in his mind. He put away his phone, pushed out the mountain bike that Chen Wan had given him from the storage room, and went straight to the store.

When he arrived at the entrance of the store, Li Mu looked in through the huge glass window. His aunt was still taking the staff to hurry up and sort out the goods. His parents wanted to help, but they were stopped by his aunt. They had no choice but to watch the young people work.

Li Mu stood at the entrance of the store, not in a hurry to go in. He saw that the store was brightly lit and full of dazzling goods. The fake models in T-shirts and shorts in the window were set off by the light and environment, giving off a feeling that they could pass off as real. Coupled with the huge Metersbonway logo on the door, it also looked very domineering. With the vision of this era, no matter how and where Li Mu looked at it, it exuded a sense of grandeur.

Seeing that his store had grown from nothing to something, Li Mu felt quite emotional. He did not expect this store to make a lot of money for him. He only hoped that this store could bring spring to his parents' career, so that they could avoid the double blow of being laid off in their previous lives, both financially and psychologically, so that they could find their own value in this business. Other than that, he had no other wishes.

Afraid that the car would be lost outside, Li Mu pushed the car into the store. Li Ma was the first to see him. She smiled happily and said, "Son, when did you come back?"

"I just got home and saw that you guys weren't there, so I came over."

Papa Lee pointed at the half-finished shelves in the store and said to Li Mu, "Look, isn't your little aunt very capable? It's only been a day or two, and she's already recruited enough people. The store is also starting to tidy up."

When Little Aunt heard this, she laughed and said, "Brother-in-law, don't tease me. These methods have all been taught during training at the headquarters."

The employees were busy packing up the goods at the moment. A few female employees stole a few glances at Li Mu. Li Mu was about the same age as them. His tall and handsome appearance made the girls feel a little uncomfortable. They also became a little more energetic when they were working. Li Mu said to his aunt, "Aunt, there are still three days before the opening, right?"

Aunt nodded. "Time is quite tight. After the shelves are done, the models and display in the middle areas still need to be done."

After that, Aunt walked to Li Ma's side and said in a low voice, "Second Sister, the headquarters sent out a notice today. It's going to be the change of seasons soon, and they're going to launch a one-month event to give away a shoulder bag when the customer reaches 299 RMB. The bag doesn't have a price tag, and the company's price is 15 RMB. The minimum order for each store is 300 RMB, and the maximum is 2,000 RMB. How many do you think we should order?"

Li Ma thought for a while and said, "So we're going to get a rebate of 15 RMB for each customer who reaches 300 RMB?"

Aunt nodded and said, "Something like that."

Papa Lee was a little depressed. "We haven't even opened for business yet, and we haven't even sold a single item at a proper price. The headquarters is already trying to make money from us. Those stalls that sell bags on the old street only sell high-quality backpacks for 10 to 20 RMB."

Li Ma pursed her lips and said, "Where did all the things you learned in training go? This is called stimulating consumption. What do you know? If we can give away a few hundred bags in a month, we'll die of happiness!"

Papa Lee still couldn't wrap his head around this, but Li Ma, who had a background in accounting, realized the business opportunity.

"Can we get a refund if we order too many?" Li Ma asked.

"No, but we can extend the event until we're done giving away the bags."

Li Ma thought for a while and said, "Then let's order 2,000."

"2,000 …" Papa Lee's eyes widened. On the contrary, Aunt Li's face was full of excitement. "I was thinking the same thing. I was afraid you wouldn't agree."

Li Ma smiled and said, "For this kind of thing, it's definitely better to order more than less."

Li Mu had a whole new level of respect for his mother.

In his inherent understanding, his mother had been very thrifty all her life. She had always been careful with her money. He had never seen her so rich and imposing like today.

However, Li Mu also felt that this kind of promotional event should be actively participated in. Although the head office of the company had to make money from the distributors, the promotional effect it brought was very big. Li Mu had a deep understanding of this. When he was in college, a certain brand's gift of a certain amount of money was very popular among consumers. For example, when he was in college, Jack & Jones had a gift of a purse that reached 1,299. That purse was not for sale. If a boy in the class used it, the other boys would receive a message: The other party was really willing to spend money. Spending 1,299 at Jack & Jones was not something ordinary people could afford.

However, it was precisely because of this kind of youthful vanity that many boys in the class bought that purse one after another. It even set off a bad atmosphere in the school. However, the Jack & Jones store in the shopping mall near the school took this opportunity to make a lot of money.

Li Mu believed that in Haizhou, the Metersbonwe also had this kind of magic.

And his mother could also make such a decision without his experience in the future. Li Mu suddenly felt that his mother might become a business expert.

At this time, Papa Lee counted with his fingers and said, "2,000 bags, that's 30,000 yuan. Honey, do you have so much money?"

"No."

Li Ma shrugged and said lightly. Then she looked at Li Mu with a matter-of-fact expression and said, "It's fine as long as my son has it, right, son?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded repeatedly and said to his aunt, "Aunt, order the head office. I'll transfer the money tomorrow."

His aunt had already learned from Papa Lee and Li Ma about Li Mu's ability to make money. At this moment, she was not surprised that Li Mu promised to pay 30,000 yuan with a wave of his hand.

Suddenly, it occurred to her that the other relatives in the family still knew nothing about the store's opening, so she asked Li Ma, "Second Sister, before the opening, should we tell our parents, as well as our eldest brother and eldest sister about it?

In case they find out through other means and blame you. "

Li Ma thought for a moment and nodded. "Mu just got the notice. I'm thinking whether I should invite them to attend the opening of the store together."

Papa Lee said, "Invite them together, but let's talk about the opening of the store after dinner."

"Okay."

Li Ma also felt that it was too ostentatious to call relatives and tell them that their son had not only been admitted to Renmin University, but also that she and her husband had opened a clothing store. Even if they didn't show off, they would be mistaken as showing off.

Li Ma said, "Then let's set it on the evening of August 17th. It happens to be the opening on the 18th."

"Okay."

Of course, Li Mu didn't have any objection. For a narrow-minded person like him, he was looking forward to the look on his uncle and aunt's faces when they heard that they had opened a Metersbonwe store. His aunt, who always spoke sarcastically and looked down on people with her chin, was afraid that they were going to imitate her and open a children's clothing store. He didn't know how she would feel when she saw such a big store.

Li Mu did not expect her to feel ashamed or self-reproach. As long as she could understand the truth that there was always someone better than her, it would be enough for her to restrain herself when she met her father in the future and show due respect to her brother-in-law.

As soon as the date was set, Li Mu's cell phone rang.

Li Mu saw that the call was from Zhang Kexuan. Considering that it was the 15th today, could it be that they had finished participating in the finals?

Li Mu, who was looking forward to hearing good news, walked to the door and pressed the answer button.

As soon as the phone was connected, there was a lot of shouting. It was as if he was in a live performance with thousands of people. The audience was screaming and cheering everywhere. Li Mu was still surprised when he heard a woman's voice through the loudspeaker, "Wow!

What happened? Why did our live audience suddenly become so enthusiastic? It must be for the next contestant, right? "

"Yes!" The cheers were like a tsunami.

"Alright, let's use the warmest applause to welcome the last band participating in the final round of the 2001 Ice Pioneer National Band Competition — — The Simple Plan Band!"

The cheers at the scene were even louder than before. Li Mu heard many people cheering for The Simple Plan Band and many people cheering for Zhang Kexuan's name. Then, he heard a very clear sound similar to cloth rubbing against each other. Li Mu guessed that Zhang Kexuan must have put his cell phone in his pocket and was going on stage.

As expected!

As the rubbing sound gradually became louder, the audience's cheers became louder and louder in Li Mu's ears until Zhang Kexuan shouted, "Friends from Yanjing, how are you?"

"Good!" Even if he only heard the sound, Li Mu could feel that the audience was really too enthusiastic.

Zhang Kexuan said, "We are the Simple Plan Band. We are very honored to have the opportunity to stand on the stage of the final round. This time, our song is a song that the four of us wrote together. The name of this song is' Fly Higher '. We also hope that you can fly higher on the road of life in the future!"

The cheers were too loud, so Li Mu had to move the phone away from his ear.

Then, the prelude of the synthesizer keyboard began, and Zhang Kexuan began to sing …

Li Mu held the phone and listened to the whole song silently. He gave his own evaluation in his heart: Super perfect performance.