Chapter 1677

Wall Street's valuation of Weibo Titter made the world once again amazed by Li Mu's business talent. Li Mu's method of suppressing Mars to create Weibo Titter was also a move worthy of being recorded in the history of capital in the eyes of Wall Street.

Li Mu used his actions to prove that an internet product did not necessarily rely on the number of users, influence, and revenue potential to show its value. It could even use its destructive power as a powerful supplement.

A Weibo account, Titter, was able to suppress a traditional Fortune 500 company to the point of suffocation. Its ability to block public opinion was as strong as the Five Elements Mountain, causing Mars to suffer greatly. It was even forced to bow down and apologize, and take out 100 million USD to settle the matter. Just this destructive power alone was enough to make the whole world look askance.

Just when the world's authoritative financial media hoped to give Li Mu an exclusive interview, Li Mu rejected all the interview invitations and began to think about who would take over Weibo Titter in the future.

Weibo Titter was in its golden stage, and the capitalists all over the world were particularly optimistic about it. In this era where it had no rivals, it was even more sought after by the global capital. However, due to the limitations of the product itself, it would be impacted sooner or later, and its market value would return to normal.

For Li Mu, the future social media platform in the PC field, with Facebook as the mega giant, was more than enough. As for Weibo Titter, it might not even be able to maintain its market value of 300 to 400 billion after the advent of the mobile internet era.

Therefore, Li Mu's best solution was to increase the market value of Weibo Titter to the highest level and then find a fool to take over.

If he struck while the iron was hot and made Weibo Titter independent and listed on the stock market, he could gradually reduce his holdings at a high point in the stock market, and then let the shareholders take over for Weibo Titter. However, this method of operation was immoral, and there were many restrictions in the stock market.

The best way was to package it up and sell it to a tycoon, a big company, or a big conglomerate.

In this way, Li Mu would not need to go public or be regulated by any institution. As long as the price was agreed upon, he could sell Titter directly for a large sum of cash. After all, although he did not own 100% of the shares in Makino Technology, he owned 100% of the voting rights. All the shareholders would listen to him.

However, it was really hard to find this idiot. There were definitely many people who wanted to buy Titter on Weibo, but there were not many who could afford it.

Li Mu really wants to sell Titter to Microsoft as Microsoft can afford it. Also, Microsoft had been trying to get back into the social networking and portal industry. But Li Mu had beaten them badly and had given up on this industry.

I wonder if they still have this thought in their hearts?

If there was, he would be the ideal candidate for Titter in the future.

Just when Li Mu was thinking about Microsoft, the filming of < Flying Tigers > was completed. The US cast and crew had boarded a chartered plane provided by Li Mu and flew to Beijing to meet with Li Mu.

Li Mu had arranged for them to stay at a five-star hotel in Beijing for two days and one night. After that, they will board a Boeing 747 chartered by Li Mu and return to Hollywood.

To celebrate the completion of filming, Li Mu had booked the banquet hall of this five-star hotel and held an American style party. Du Wei had followed Li Mu to the banquet hall. After all, this party was prepared for Du Wei alone.

Du Wei was young, innocent, and valued relationships. She had worked with the cast and crew for a long time, and she treated them like her best friends. She hopes to reunite with the cast and crew in Beijing, and Li Mu had arranged this party for her.

Other than the cast and crew who were returning to the US, the Chinese cast and crew in Beijing were also invited to the party. There were about two to three hundred people at the banquet hall.

But other than Li Mu and Du Wei, no one else knew about Li Mu's motive. Especially Spielberg. He felt that Li Mu had treated him as his best friend, and that was why he arranged the party so well.

After the party started, Li Mu invited Spielberg to the stage to say a few words. Spielberg picked up the microphone and said, "I feel that at this moment, all the cast and crew of < Flying Tigers > should thank Mr. Li Mu first. He was the one who had unearthed this story that was almost buried in history, and he had invested a huge sum of money into this film. Let us give our warmest applause to Mr. Li!"

All the cast and crew at the party applauded. Li Mu smiled and waved to everyone as a polite response.

After the applause gradually subsided, Spielberg said, "It's a great honor to have the opportunity to work with everyone here in the past few months. You are the most professional team I've ever seen. Every one of you is impeccable. Next, please give your applause to yourselves and your partners!"

The applause was thunderous again.

After a while, Spielberg looked at Li Mu and said with a smile, "Next, let Mr. Lee Mu say a few words to everyone!"

After that, Spielberg took the lead in applauding.

Li Mu did not refuse. He stood up and walked to the stage. He took the microphone from Spielberg and said with a smile, "'Flying Tigers' has been successfully completed. Everyone here has made great contributions. So here, I would like to thank everyone for your hard work."

Then, Li Mu said, "'Flying Tigers' is the largest cooperation in the history of Hua Xia's film and Hollywood's film. Its smooth completion also shows from a practical point of view that culture has no national boundaries. The ultimate goal of the cultural market is not for American films to move towards Hua Xia, or for Hua Xia's films to enter the United States, but for films and television works from all over the world and the market to integrate, tolerate, and cooperate with each other.

So, in my opinion, I hope that this cooperation will be a new beginning for our cooperation, not the peak. In the future, I hope that we will have the opportunity to work together to make more and better films. "

"Finally, once again, I would like to thank everyone here for their hard work. I believe that 'Flying Tigers' will definitely become an excellent work that will go down in the history of the world's film industry. Thank you everyone!"

After Li Mu finished speaking, he bowed slightly to everyone and then walked down the stage amidst the applause.

Among the cast members at the party today, at least two hundred people were from Hollywood. During the time they were filming 'Flying Tigers', they had all seen the unparalleled advantages of Boss Hua Xia. Not only did he have money and resources, but he also respected the industry and did not interfere with the independent creation of the main creative team. Everyone liked to work with this kind of boss, so they had a very good impression of Li Mu. When Li Mu said that he hoped to have the opportunity to work together again, everyone was looking forward to the next cooperation.

For Li Mu, 'Flying Tigers' was indeed just the beginning of his infiltration into Hollywood. In the near future, he would constantly extract more and better actors, technology, and the soft power of the film and television industry from Hollywood to improve the overall level of domestic films.

In the future, Li Mu's film and television base would become the largest and most authoritative film and television center in China. At the same time, his cinema chain would also take advantage of the good opportunity before the domestic film market rose to seize the market in advance. In this way, he would be able to hold the three major sectors of film and television works in his hands in the future, such as shooting, post-production, and cinema.

Li Mu had no intention of turning the domestic film and television industry into his own backyard. He wanted to occupy the right to speak in the three sectors of filming, post-production, and cinema. To a large extent, it was to curb the development of domestic lousy films in the future.

At that time, it would be difficult for the producers of bad films to have the opportunity to use Li Mu's filming base, let alone the opportunity to use the post-production team that Li Mu had cultivated. Moreover, if such a film wanted to be released in the cinema in the future, Li Mu could not guarantee that as long as it was in his own cinema, it would be difficult for bad films to get good scheduling resources.

Putting pressure on bad films from multiple directions would make it more difficult for bad films to make money. Naturally, it would also fundamentally reduce the number of bad films.

Hua Xia's film market was a typical example of bad money driving out good money. To prevent Hua Xia's film from repeating the same mistakes, the most important thing was to reduce the number of bad money and the purchasing power of bad money. If a considerable part of the bad money could be strangled at the source and forced to be melted down and recast, it would be a huge improvement for the entire market.

After getting off the stage, Li Mu and the main creative team drank and chatted merrily. Anne Hathaway was very open today. She drank several glasses of champagne in a row and looked very happy.

Even Du Wei, who had a low alcohol tolerance, drank a few glasses because she was in a good mood. Her little face quickly turned red, and she looked especially cute.

Everyone chatted for a while, and Du Wei pulled Anne Hathaway to the side to have a private chat.

At this time, Li Mu, Spielberg, Leonardo, and Tom Hanks gathered together and drank a few more glasses of wine.

After three rounds of wine, Spielberg raised his glass and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, I would like to apologize to you about Mars. I didn't know the whole story and the real reason why I pleaded for you on behalf of Roland Mas. It was a bit abrupt."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Stephen, it's not wrong of you to speak up for your friend. You don't have to apologize to me. To be honest, I didn't give you face on this matter, and I feel a little bad about it."

Spielberg hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, you're too kind."

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "This matter is over. Don't mention it again. We are partners. Don't be too distant because of these trivial matters."

Spielberg nodded and suddenly remembered something. He smiled and said to Li Mu, "Oh right, Mr. Lee, do you know what day it is today?"

"I don't know."

Li Mu shook his head. "What day is it?"

Spielberg said, "Today is California, the day the results of the governor's election will be announced."

After saying that, he looked at the time on his watch and said with a smile, "In another hour or so, the results in California should be announced!"

Set a small goal first, such as one second.