Chapter 1068

When Mark Zuckerberg recalled the process of "getting something for nothing" and combined it with the story told by Li Mu today, he did not feel complacent. Instead, he felt a little ashamed, because he knew that Li Mu must have seen through his trick, but he did not expose him. Instead, he had been helping him cover up the lie in front of Harvard. Mark Zuckerberg was deeply touched by Li Mu's care and concern.

Li Mu spoke calmly on the stage for more than ten minutes. The students and graduate students from Harvard and MIT had basically been completely brainwashed by Li Mu. Every word Li Mu said was a truth that could enlighten them. Even if it was just a joke to lighten the atmosphere, it contained so many business principles, which amazed them from the bottom of their hearts.

Li Mu's speech wasn't over yet. This joke about Bill Gates was just a prop he used to control the pace of the speech.

A speaker's control over a speech was like a director's control over a movie. The most important thing was the rhythm. It could not be blindly fast, nor could it be blindly slow. Any great director was a master of rhythm control. He could grasp the importance and urgency of the speech and completely arouse the audience's emotions.

Seeing that the atmosphere was a lot more relaxed and cheerful, Li Mu continued, "When I first arrived at Harvard yesterday, President Lawrence told me that he hoped I could help Harvard students shoulder the responsibility and burden of benefiting society and mankind as soon as possible. My answer was: I'm sorry, but I can't do it.

"The reason is the same as what I told you at the beginning. I don't want to talk about topics that are too weighty. That's why I chose to talk about my story. I hope that my true story can give you some inspiration. If it can't, even if it's just a smile, it won't be in vain."

At this point, Li Mu's tone suddenly became serious. He put away his previous smile and said, "In fact, every young man sitting here, as well as every young man in this world, is the hope of mankind. Even if it's not the time for us to shoulder the heavy burden of the world and the future of mankind, even if we may not even be able to do it ourselves now, this heavy burden will fall on our shoulders sooner or later.

In the future, it may be our generation that will defeat cancer; it may be our generation that will solve the energy crisis; it may be our generation that will eliminate hunger and poverty; it may also be our generation that will destroy the world and mankind. The pace of the times will definitely push us to different positions, and the most important thing is whether we can prepare for all of this in advance.

"As for how to prepare for the new era and destiny, I think the first thing to do is to find your own life goals in the future. There are too many paths in this world, but for most of the young people who are still in school, no one has set a truly positive and meaningful goal for their future."

"What exactly is a real positive and long-term goal? In my opinion, the most basic requirement for a real positive and long-term goal is to be considerate of others.

No matter how important others are in your heart, you must have them in your heart.

Otherwise, all goals will become extremely selfish, and society will also become extremely selfish. Once selfishness becomes the norm, it will subtly change everyone. Everyone will only focus on their own selfish interests, and everyone will only have themselves in their eyes. This will also make the whole society more impetuous and more indifferent.

"Setting up a positive goal and actively working towards this goal can not only bring us a lot of extra positive energy, but also make our lives more meaningful while working hard to create miracles. When you really take the first step, you will find that you have embarked on a never-ending road of growth. Step by step, you will get gains that you have never imagined.

"When I first started my business, my goal was to make some quick money to pay for my college tuition and improve the financial conditions of my family. When I really achieved this goal, I naturally had a new goal. I hope to make some waves in the Internet industry.

"Now, my goal is no longer to make money, nor to make a name for myself in the industry. Instead, I am committed to using the Internet to connect all of the young people in Hua Xia, and then connect them to the whole world, and finally, the whole world. Just before I came to America, the first step of this goal had been achieved. Now, almost every Internet user in Hua Xia has more than one YY account. They can communicate, interact, and share with more people through YY. YY has really closely connected them to each other, forming an intricate network among them.

"And now, for the second step of this goal, we have fearfully brought YY to America, the birthplace of the Internet, not only to prove our value in the birthplace of the Internet, but also to let the young people in Hua Xia have a link with the young people in the West.

"If you want to understand what young people of your age on the other side of the world do every day, what they think, and what they play, it's very simple. Search for a few Hua Xia users in your YY account and become friends with them. Perhaps you'll find life a lot more fun all of a sudden. After some time, perhaps you'll make a new friend, learn a new language, and understand a country that you've never been to before. This is the meaning of connectivity, the meaning of the existence of the Internet, and one of my active goals in life.

"In order to achieve the third step of this goal, for a long time to come, we will invest a lot of manpower and resources into every corner of the world so that they can become YY users. However, even if all the netizens in the world become YY users, it doesn't mean that we've truly connected the world with YY. In order to truly make it more convenient and smooth for everyone to communicate with users all over the world through YY, we may invest a lot of funds into developing 'online translation' tools so that everyone can communicate with the world without any hindrance. We may even invest more manpower, resources, and time to develop software that can translate at the same time …

"All of this may sound very far away, but I believe that as long as I persevere in my chosen goals and beliefs, working hard to achieve one goal after another, then one day, I'll get the results I want!

I'll connect the entire world!

I'll create a brand new virtual world on the Internet and do my best to turn the virtual world into reality bit by bit!

This will be my life's goal. In the words of an ancient Hua Xia person, I'll do my best until my death! "

The applause was thunderous!

Fervor was etched on everyone's faces. This was the most inspiring moment of their lives!

Li Mu's speech was not over yet.

He waited until the frenzy of the crowd gradually subsided before saying, "Many of you should remember that when the latest version of YY was updated, I had our product add a startup interface to YY. It was that ink and wash painting by Hua Xia. There was a famous Chinese saying on it, 'sharpening the knife doesn't hold up the work of cutting firewood.'"

When Li Mu said this, the audience below the stage nodded subconsciously.

They had seen that saying and found the corresponding English translation. At that time, Li Mu had put on a good show in front of the whole nation. He had used the phrase 'sharpening the knife doesn't hold up the work of cutting firewood' to clarify his determination to create a super product. This approach had won him the extreme approval of the elite group. It could even be said that Li Mu had subverted the entire Internet industry, as well as the attitudes and views of Internet products.

At this moment, Li Mu said again, "Now, I have an old saying from Hua Xia that I'd like to pass on to everyone here. This saying goes: 'Never forget your original heart, and you'll achieve the end.'"

'Never forget your original heart, and you'll achieve the end.' Li Mu had said these words in Chinese. After he finished, he explained in English, "This is a reminder from our ancestors in Hua Xia. We must always remember our original beliefs, remember our original heart, and persevere to the end. We will definitely get the results we want.

Today, I'm using these words to encourage everyone here. I also hope that each of you can find your own goals, as well as the courage to pursue and defend them!

Never forget your original heart, and you'll achieve the end!

Thank you, everyone! "

Everyone stood up. The thunderous applause was endless, and the expression of worship was written on everyone's face. As the camera panned over, the whole screen was filled with fanatical followers.

Lawrence, who was behind the curtain on one side of the stage, was extremely excited.

There had never been such a fanatical speech at Harvard. Li Mu had made history.

Compared with the various big shots who had given speeches at Harvard in the past century, Li Mu's rhetoric might not be as gorgeous, his momentum might not be as majestic, and he was not as ambitious, but Li Mu was definitely the one who could fundamentally inspire the fanatical pursuit of Harvard students.

He had used his own true story and his own goals and ideals to perfectly explain a young man's admirable sense of social responsibility to the students of Harvard University and MIT. Compared with those big shots who talked about the whole human race, Li Mu was too real and too down-to-earth. Not to mention how he had achieved a net worth of ten billion dollars in such a short time, his 3,321 yuan alone was enough to make these top students from the world's top universities bow in front of him.

Almost every student was deeply shocked by Li Mu. Li Mu's words and his ideals were like a sharp knife, piercing through the hearts of every student present.

This day would be recorded in the history of Harvard, because no one had ever completely conquered the whole of Harvard in such a way that killed people without spilling blood.

The CNN reporter below the stage pointed to the leader at the headquarters with his trembling fingers and said, "Today, I witnessed the birth of a world youth leader!"

…