Chapter 479

While chatting with Hui Ka Ming, Li Mu revealed a piece of news in advance. "If the company is going to prepare stock options for its core employees, all the shareholders will have to take out a portion of their shares for free as stock options reserved for future employees."

Hui Ka Ming naturally understood this principle. All companies basically used this method to deal with employee stock options. The shareholders would collectively transfer their shares in proportion, and then set up an option pool specially prepared for the employees. Hence, he nodded and said, "You can decide on the percentage. Since I'm in your car, I will definitely support any decision you make unconditionally."

As he spoke, Hui Ka Ming also said, "To be honest, Makino Technology's valuation has increased by almost ten times, and I have basically done nothing. I feel really bad about this. If there's anything you need my help with in the future development of the company, you must let me know. As long as I can do it, I will definitely do my best."

Chen Ze also nodded and said, "Both of us can't do much about the operation of Makino Technology, but there are no problems in other aspects. Although we are shareholders, we can't just sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' labor. If there's anything we can do to help, just let me know."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It just so happens that I have a plan, but it's still a little vague. Since both of you have said so, I'll briefly mention it. Take a look and give me some suggestions."

The two of them said, "Go ahead."

Li Mu said, "The next step for Makino Technology is to have its own office building and its own employees' residences. I don't have much contact with the government, so I will need your help. But don't worry, I will definitely use both of your resources. As long as Makino Technology wants a piece of land, just help me get the approval. I will pay as much as you need, and the price will be according to the market price. I don't need any discount."

Chen Ze nodded. "Commercial land is not too expensive now. It should be easy for Makino Technology, not to mention residential land. Right now, there is a lot of land that can be developed within the Fourth Ring Road of Beijing. Except for a few particularly popular areas, the rest of the land is not too expensive. It can be used for a few years in Beijing. If you are willing to consider the future outside the Fifth Ring Road, the price will be even cheaper."

Li Tong said, "Line 13 is about to be opened. By then, the northern part of Beijing will definitely develop, especially the area near Zhongguancun. In the future, the IT industry in Zhongguancun will definitely extend to the north. Therefore, it will be very convenient for the employees' residences in the north. In the future, employees can take Line 13 to commute. Some time ago, I accompanied a friend to Huilong to have a look. Do you know how desolate it is now? There is not a single building, it is just wasteland."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "That's right. Whether it is within or outside the Fourth Ring Road, with me and Old Chen around, you really don't have to worry about getting the land. Just go and have a look. If you like it, just let us know. Whether it is commercial land or residential land, we will help you clear the way with the government."

Li Mu said, "I am relieved to hear that. In the future, I will leave the hardware support of Makino Technology in Beijing to the two of you."

The two of them laughed and said that this was what they should do as shareholders. Li Mu did not stand on ceremony with them. This kind of capital relationship between friends was very healthy. It was not like a business partnership between friends, where they contributed money, worked together, and shared the profits together. In the end, most of these partnerships would end on bad terms, and in the end, they could not even be friends anymore. Li Mu had a very clear division of labor between the two of them. Li Mu would leave the business of making money to himself. He would contribute money, effort, and connections, and he would not care about the rest. If he did not want to cooperate with them, he could sell the money and leave at any time. Everything was open and transparent.

As they were chatting, the waitress had already started to serve the dishes. Li Mu asked the three of them if they wanted to drink some. Hui Ka Ming immediately took out his car key and said to the beautiful waitress, "Miss, take the car key and go to the trunk of the Bentley at the entrance and get four bottles of 30-year-old Maotai from the car with the license plate ending with three 8s."

Just as the waitress was about to take the car key, Chen Ze hurriedly said, "Don't drink white wine tonight, drink some beer."

Hui Ka Ming said, "Old Chen, are you kidding me? Drinking beer with my boss is not classy at all. I have an 80-year-old 30-year-old Maotai. Don't you want to drink some?"

Chen Ze laughed and said, "Don't try to trick me. Let's drink less during dinner. After dinner, we can go to SugarClub and have another round. It's not fun to drink too much at the dinner table."

Hui Ka Ming thought about it and agreed. At SugarClub, everyone could listen to music and experience the atmosphere of the nightlife. Therefore, he said, "How about this? Beer is really boring. Let's split a bottle of Maotai between the four of us. It should be a piece of cake for everyone, right?"

Hearing his words, Chen Ze didn't reject him anymore.

The waitress brought the wine over and Hui Ka Ming asked her to open it. A catty of wine was divided into four wine dispensers. Li Mu filled his own glass first and raised his glass to the three of them. "Thank you for what happened last time. Let me give you a toast."

Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming raised their glasses with smiles on their faces. However, Li Tong was a little embarrassed. He felt that he shouldn't have raised his glass. Therefore, he said awkwardly, "Li Mu, I feel sorry for not being able to get there in time. I won't drink with you guys. You three drink, and I'll give you a toast after that."

Li Mu said with a smile, "What are you talking about? I already feel sorry for making trouble in your store when I went there."

At this time, Hui Ka Ming said to Li Tong, "Lao Er, we're brothers. Why are you treating me like an outsider? Let's drink the first glass together, and then you guys can do whatever you want. Anyway, each of us only has two and a half glasses. After we're full, we'll go to the next round."

Hearing this, Li Tong didn't insist anymore. He nodded to Li Mu and they drank the first glass together.

Li Mu and Li Tong weren't familiar with each other. Today was the first time they sat down and drank together. However, Li Tong was a reliable person and he was Hui Ka Ming's good friend. Therefore, the two of them drank a few more glasses of wine on purpose to improve their relationship.

With a little alcohol, the men chatted more and more casually. Li Tong thought of Chen Guanghua's family of three and asked Li Mu, "What's the situation with the Chen family now?

Have they shown any sincerity to solve the problem? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not sure about the specific situation, but my girlfriend's sister and her family haven't forgiven them yet."

Chen Ze said, "If they haven't forgiven them, then continue to shut down his factory. When you're satisfied, then let him start work again."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Chen Guanghua, even if he doesn't die this time, he'll lose a few pieces …"

Chen Ze knocked on the table and scolded with a smile, "Damn you, can't you change the way you address him?

It sounds so awkward. "

Hui Ka Ming laughed and said, "Alright, alright, let's change the way we address him. Chen Guanghua will lose a few pieces of flesh this time, even if he doesn't die this time. He must have suffered heavy losses since the shutdown. After this matter is settled and the factory restarts, I wonder how long it will take for him to make a comeback."

Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "I understand what your future sister-in-law's family means. They probably think that Chen Guanghua's family has done such a thing to their child, and they will never forgive them. However, sometimes it's better to look at the problem from another angle. Chen Guanghua is eager to solve this problem now, and he's definitely willing to spend a lot of money. Why not give him a chance to show off and let him take out a sum of money to settle this matter? In this way, your future sister-in-law's family can also get some practical compensation.

Why not? "Li Mu nodded," That makes sense, but her parents seem to be government officials. If we take a large sum of money from Chen Guanghua directly, I'm afraid it will be used against us in the future. "

Chen Ze smiled, "This is simple. Just look for Chen Guanghua and give him a solution. He will definitely see you as a savior. Ask him to compensate you with a house and settle this matter. Keep a low profile in the future and learn to behave with your tail between your legs. In a month's time, I'll let him start working at the factory. Chen Guanghua will definitely not refuse. With his current situation, as long as his factory can start working, even if you ask him for a villa, he will be willing to give it to you. After he buys the house, you can directly transfer the ownership to your future sister-in-law, and this matter will be settled."

Li Mu thought for a while and felt that what Chen Ze said was very reasonable. Now, Su Yuehua didn't really hate them, she just didn't want to have any contact with them. So every time Chen Guanghua came to visit, he would be mercilessly rejected. In fact, the core problem had long been solved.

The score had been changed back. The two directors who practiced favoritism were also officially arrested two days ago. There was no problem for Wang Xinran to go to the Film Academy now, and the arrogant Chen Yueyue would never be able to enter the Film Academy again in this life. Her family was also severely punished. The factory was stopped, and they came to apologize. It was not really necessary to force Chen Guanghua's family to a dead end because of this matter. It was better to take this opportunity to fight for some practical benefits for Wang Xinran.

At the moment, Li Mu was thinking that Wang Xinran was going to the Film Academy this year, which was still a little far from home. It was better to let Chen Guanghua buy a house near the Film Academy as compensation. In order not to cause trouble for Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua, who were in public office, he could get the house first and then give it to Wang Xinran. As for Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua, Li Mu felt that they should be acceptable. Now he was afraid that they would make a mistake. If they didn't want the house that was given for free in front of them, it would be a little embarrassing.

However, Li Mu thought that no matter what, he should get the house first. If Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua were not willing to accept it, he could slowly do their work. Li Tong also said, "These days Chen Guanghua and Zhang Lan always go to Fayue to find me. It was still a little far from home.

Li Tong also said, "These days, Chen Guanghua and Zhang Lan always go to Fayue to look for me. I canceled their membership cards, but they can't even enter the door, so they have to wait for me. They just want to ask me for help. Li Mu, if you want to meet them to talk about this matter, I can help you make an appointment. I think they will come immediately with a phone call."

Li Mu hurriedly waved his hand. "I don't want to see them. Why don't you help me pass a message to them and tell them that I asked them to buy a house near the Film Academy. Then this matter will be solved."

Li Tong asked curiously, "How big?

What's the request? "