Chapter 67

"Do you think I can touch a car after I register today?"

The next morning, Zhao Kang asked Li Mu excitedly after they met at the entrance of the residential area.

Cars were an extension of a man's speed and also a manifestation of his success. Zhao Kang was at the age where he was most passionate about cars.

Li Mu nodded. "It's the first day of driving school. They will probably let you familiarize yourself with driving steps and gears, but they won't let you drive if it's hard enough."

"Really?

Damn, I was so excited last night that I didn't sleep well. "

"Don't be so excited," Li Mu shook his head and said, "It's very boring to learn how to move storage compartments. You'll know after you learn it."

"How do you know? You haven't learned it before." Zhao Kang looked curious.

"Just wait and see."

Jin 'an Driving School was located in the suburbs, five or six kilometers away from Li Mu's home. The two of them stopped a taxi and went straight to the driving school.

It was not even eight o 'clock when they arrived at the driving school. The driving school's notice was to gather at the small square in front of the driving school's office building at eight o' clock. Therefore, Li Mu and Zhao Kang took their respective notes and went straight to the small square.

At this time, there were already seventy to eighty students gathered in front of the small square. Several instructors had already divided the area, each holding a register and shouting, "Class 1, this way", "Class 2, this way".

Li Mu's note wrote "Class 2, No.14", which meant Class 2. Therefore, he called Zhao Kang and went straight to the instructor of Class 2.

Su Yingxue hadn't arrived yet, but ten out of the fifteen students in Class 2 had arrived. Li Mu took out his phone and was about to call Su Yingxue when someone patted his shoulder lightly. He looked back and saw Su Yingxue in casual sportswear looking at him with a smile.

"I was just about to call you."

Li Mu smiled, pointed to the coach and said, "The one over there is the coach of our class. Give him the slip and sign on the register."

Su Yingxue nodded. She handed over the note and signed it. When she returned to Li Mu and Zhao Kang's side, Zhao Kang, who was squatting on the concrete fence of the small flower bed, suddenly jumped up.

"Guo Yuhang is here."

Zhao Kang's tone was unkind, and so was his gaze.

Li Mu raised his head. Indeed, Guo Yuhang, who had his hair combed in a three-seven style, was approaching from afar with a smug look on his face. He was wearing a white Adidas suit with a black label. He looked at Li Mu with a smirk on his face and walked towards Li Mu. It was easy to tell from his expression that he was extremely smug.

Zhao Kang's temper was like a barrel of gunpowder. It was easy to explode. Looking at Guo Yuhang's provocative look and thinking that this kid had used his family's connections to meddle with Li Mu's parents' work, he couldn't help but get angry.

"F * ck, if this bastard dares to say another word of sh * t later, I'll beat him up!"

Zhao Kang's eyes were gloomy like a fierce falcon.

Li Mu patted his shoulder and said in a low voice, "Don't stand up for me, lest your parents get involved again."

"What's there to be afraid of!" Zhao Kang was arrogant. Not only would he walk a dark path, but he would also jump to the bottom of a pit.

"You talk too much nonsense!"

Li Mu's expression was a little annoyed. "If you stand up for me, I'll just drop out of school. I'll go back to Yanjing and get my driver's license."

Seeing Li Mu's serious expression, Zhao Kang could only nod his head bitterly.

There was nothing else but Li Mu in his heart.

Although Guo Yuhang had been looking at Li Mu with arrogant eyes, he didn't follow him. Instead, he took a slip and went straight to the Class Two instructor. This time, Su Yingxue was stunned. She asked in surprise, "Didn't he line up to the third car during registration?

Why did he go to our instructor to register? "

Guo Yuhang did register with the Class Two instructor. Although his name wasn't on the list of Class Two instructors, the slip in Guo Yuhang's hand was specially approved by the driving school's principal. It clearly stated that he was going to be assigned to Class Two, and it even had his name stamp.

Instructors often received slips from the principal. Usually, they were related to the principal and needed special attention. The instructor didn't think much of it and accepted Guo Yuhang's slip. Then, he asked Guo Yuhang to add his name on the list.

Zhao Kang couldn't help but smack his lips. "F * ck, why is this kid like a piece of dog skin plaster?"

"So annoying." Su Yingxue was also displeased.

Li Mu glanced at Su Yingxue and said with a smile, "Don't bother. Don't pay attention to him. Just focus on learning how to drive."

"Okay." Su Yingxue nodded lightly.

At this time, Guo Yuhang finished registering and wobbled over to Li Mu and the other two.

"Yo, Li Mu."

Guo Yuhang's tone was provocative as he glanced at Li Mu's body. Then, he stared at Su Yingxue with a perverted look for a while.

"Pretty lady, we meet again. I didn't think we'd be learning to drive in the same class. What a coincidence."

Su Yingxue didn't bother to hide the disgust on her face. She turned her head to the side and ignored him.

Guo Yuhang didn't care either. He turned to look at Li Mu and snorted with an extremely arrogant tone. "Li Mu, I heard that your parents were laid off. You can't even handle the pot at home, right?"

Li Mu's expression was indecipherable. "You're a bachelor. You're the one who caused my parents to be laid off, aren't you?"

"Did I say I did it?"

Guo Yuhang curled his lips. "Don't talk nonsense. I'm not afraid of you slandering me. The problem is, if your parents heard this and mistakenly thought that you caused such a big trouble, wouldn't they break your legs?"

Li Mu waved his hand in disgust. "Alright. You don't have the guts to admit what you've done. Go play somewhere else."

"You …" Guo Yuhang originally thought that once Li Mu knew that his parents were laid off because he provoked him, he would definitely panic or regret his actions. After all, this was a big matter regarding his parents' work. The financial loss would severely affect their family's livelihood. Normally, when an 18-year-old kid caused such a big trouble, he would be considered a good man if he didn't cry on the spot. He didn't expect Li Mu to be so pretentious!

Guo Yuhang felt that he held the lifeline of Li Mu's family's income. He had to make him lower his head in front of Su Yingxue. Not only could he regain his dignity, but he could also let Su Yingxue know that his family background wasn't any worse than hers.

Therefore, Guo Yuhang suppressed the anger in his heart and raised his voice. "Li Mu, my dad is the mine manager of Xiling Coal Mine after all. My mom is the vice president of the union. As long as you kneel down and kowtow to me and call me Brother Hang, I'll go back and talk to my dad. Tomorrow, your parents will return to work."

Guo Yuhang had been thinking about how to make Li Mu lower his head in front of him for the past two days. After thinking about it, he felt that kowtowing was the best way to vent his anger. Now that he said it out proudly, he was sure that Li Mu would definitely give in.

After all, he needed to live. Guo Yuhang knew the standard salary of laid-off workers. Five to six hundred yuan for two workers was not even enough for Li Mu's university expenses.

Li Mu didn't get angry but laughed instead. Zhao Kang couldn't hold it in anymore. He walked in front of Guo Yuhang and shouted angrily, "F * ck, Guo Yuhang, what do you mean by f * cking!"

"Yo, you look quite familiar." Guo Yuhang snorted and laughed. "You're also a child of the Xiling Coal Mine's workers, right?"

Guo Yuhang's disdainful expression clearly conveyed a message. All the children of the Xiling Coal Mine's workers had to lower their heads to him.

Li Mu extended an arm and blocked Zhao Kang. He used a little force to push him away. Zhao Kang thought of Li Mu's previous instructions and didn't dare to be stubborn. However, his face was flushed with anger.

Then, Li Mu said, "Guo Yuhang, you're already eighteen or nineteen years old. Be more mature. Can't you tell that they don't want to talk to you?

Why don't you get lost? "

"F * ck …" Guo Yuhang didn't expect Li Mu to be so straightforward. This was related to his parents' jobs!

Could it be that this guy didn't care about his parents' lives for the sake of his reputation?

The big move that Guo Yuhang had prepared was not even comparable to a fart. He was angry in his heart and anxious in his mouth. His trump card was useless, and Li Mu even said that he blindly went up to talk to them. This really made him lose face.

"Li Mu, don't just pretend. Think about it. If you kneel, your parents will go back to work. If you don't kneel, your parents will be laid off. Your whole family won't be able to survive!"

Guo Yuhang still felt that Li Mu was a paper tiger. An eighteen -year-old kid had caused such a big mess. He should be afraid.

"Kneel your mother! Get lost!"

Li Mu frowned and swore. He didn't care about Su Yingxue who was beside him. He stared at Guo Yuhang coldly. "I still remember the debt of my parents' jobs. I'll settle it with you sooner or later."

"Who the f * ck are you?

Settle it with me!

Settle it with your mother! "

Guo Yuhang was extremely arrogant. He had a fierce look on his face. As he spoke, he had already stepped in front of Li Mu. He pushed Li Mu's shoulder blades and gritted his teeth. "Who the f * ck are you!"

Guo Yuhang thought that Li Mu wouldn't dare to fight with him. Moreover, Su Yingxue was beside him. He really wanted to make Li Mu admit defeat and make a fool of himself in front of her.

But Guo Yuhang didn't expect that Li Mu would suddenly swing his hand and slap him. This slap was very fierce. It hurt so much that his left cheek swelled and he saw stars.

He couldn't take it anymore.

That's right, I don't have any background or strength. But I've been reborn. I'm not going to be bullied by a little tramp like you. You actually used your parents' relationship to drag your own parents into this. You think you're awesome just because your dad is the mine manager?

Then today, I'll stab you, this f * cker!

Feeling the pain on his face, Guo Yuhang let out an "ouch". Before he could react, Li Mu jumped up and kicked him in the lower abdomen, which directly made him sit on the ground and roll a meter away.

When Zhao Kang saw that Li Mu had made a move, he immediately wanted to follow up. But Li Mu suddenly reached out and blocked him. He said in a low voice, "I'll fight him one-on-one. Don't get involved."

The reason why Li Mu didn't want Zhao Kang to get involved was because he was afraid that it would affect his parents' work. Therefore, he deliberately said the word "one-on-one" very clearly.

When young people talked about one-on-one, it was a serious one-on-one fight. It was a battle of dignity. Zhao Kang immediately nodded and suppressed the urge to make a move.

Guo Yuhang was covered in dust and there was a large shoe print on his stomach. He was in so much pain that he gritted his teeth. He crawled up and shouted angrily, "I'll f * cking kill you!"

Li Mu took a step forward and fiercely swung his fist at Guo Yuhang's face. Guo Yuhang's previous ruthlessness immediately disappeared. He hurriedly reached out his hand to dodge. He didn't expect that Li Mu's other hand would come back and slap Guo Yuhang's face again.