Chapter 1804

"21"

As soon as "Guns" was released, it quickly ranked in the top three on many authoritative charts around the world. It achieved very impressive results in all English-speaking countries around the world.

Even in Hua Xia, Japan and Korea, it ranked in the top five.

Li Mu also used his own publicity channels to promote this theme song around the world, using this song and the movie to enhance the influence of each other.

In order to make the song better serve the movie, Li Mu asked YYtunes to open the copyright of the song to all radio stations and TV stations for free. Also, on YYtunes, users around the world could listen to and download the song for free.

At present, the recording industry was relatively good. It had not fallen to the situation where it was almost completely replaced by digital music like in the future. Very few songs would choose to be free through all channels, especially for ordinary users to audition and download.

In developed countries with more sound copyright awareness, the only two ways to store a song privately and listen to it at any time was to buy an album or buy a digital album directly on an online platform. There was almost no other way.

Because of this, when singers released videos, they were also very good at arranging.

For example, there were often only one or two real title songs in an album. Even if singers of the same period had several very good songs, they would not consider releasing them in the same album, because users often chose to buy albums for one or two songs.

There were very few singers who could guarantee that most of the songs were of high quality like Jay Chow's early albums.

Often, they only needed one or two title songs, paired with some songs that were easily forgotten, to produce an album. Then, they used the influence of the title song to quickly make money, and then used one or two title songs with a few songs to produce a second album and make another wave of money.

"21"

The global influence of "Guns" was soaring. If YYtunes provided users with the option to pay to download, it could at least earn millions of dollars. However, Li Mu still decided to go the free route.

There was a world of difference between being completely free and charging only a penny. Anywhere in the world, being free could attract the most users.

In just a few days after the song was released, it rushed to the top of many charts in North America, and also rushed to the runner-up position in Europe and the United Kingdom.

Just like this song, the singer of this song, Du Wei, who was less than 20 years old, was also in the limelight.

Although it was unrealistic to rely on one song to become an A-list singer overseas, this song had clearly laid a solid foundation for Du Wei in the overseas market.

Li Mu felt that after the movie was released, Du Wei's popularity would definitely increase. At that time, he would strike while the iron was hot and release a few classic English singles for her to consolidate her influence in the overseas market.

No matter if it was a singer or a movie star, only by continuously releasing good works could they ensure that their popularity and influence would not decline. However, once they lost the support of good works, no matter how famous they were, they would lose the motivation to rise and start to decline.

Li Mu had already planned the route of Du Wei's subsequent songs. The whole thing was to keep an eye on the three Grand Slam female singers who became popular in Europe and America in the future, Adele Adkins and Taylor Swift.

, Lady Gaga

。

Each of these three female singers had hit songs that were popular around the world.

For example, Adele Adkins's "Daydreamer", "Someone

Like

You

, "Rolling"

In

The

Deep

, "Set"

Fire

To

The

Rain

And so on;

Taylor Swift's "Love"

Story "," Fearless "," We "

Are

Never

Ever

Getting

Back

Together "and so on;

Lady Gaga's "Poker"

"Face", "Just

Dance "," Bad "

Romance "," The

Cure ".

Almost any one of these songs had the potential to challenge the music charts all over the world. If an ordinary singer could produce a single like this, they would basically be able to enter the A-list. If they could produce three to five songs, they would basically be able to win all the awards in the music field and become a world-class singer.

Du Wei herself studied music and had an excellent voice. With such conditions, as long as she had a good song, she would definitely become popular. If she had a hit song, she could almost dominate the charts all over the world.

Thinking of this, a song suddenly flashed in Li Mu's mind. Adele's "Set"

Fire

To

The

Rain

The Chinese translation of the song was "Burning the Rain with Fire".

The tune of this song was majestic and tragic, and the lyrics described a relationship that ended in failure.

There were many very infatuated lyrics in the lyrics, such as closing my eyes, feeling that you will always be with me. I burn the rain with fire, throwing us all into the fire. As the rain falls, some things also quietly pass, because I know this is the last moment, this is the last moment!

I burned the rain with fire. I watched it pour down when I touched your cheek. Well, I cried when it was burning...

Li Mu felt that this song could be used as the promotional song for the second stage of the movie. As long as the lyrics were slightly modified, the lyrics could be changed to the eternal farewell between lovers. It was also about burning the rain with fire, but it was not about throwing love into the rain or into the fire. Instead, it implied the despair and pain in the heart of the girl who loved him when the pilot sacrificed himself for the country in the air.

As long as a slight change was made, it would be especially in line with Anne Hathaway's mood when Liu Ye died for the country in Flying Tigers.

This song itself was an extremely popular song, and in all aspects, it was a level higher than "21".

Therefore, if it was used as the final sprint before the release, this song would definitely become popular, and at the same time, it could also push the movie's promotion to a new height.

Li Mu immediately did as he thought. He immediately followed his memory and wrote "Set".

Fire

To

The

Rain

The lyrics were written, and then he adjusted the lyrics accordingly.

He changed the lyrics from "I burn the rain with fire" to "You burn the rain with fire", which meant that from the perspective of the female singer, the situation of the male protagonist exploding in the air and dying for the country.

The general meaning of this song was that the male protagonist and the female protagonist loved each other, but because the male protagonist bravely went to the country and finally died on the battlefield in the sky, the female protagonist could only fall into endless pain.

However, Li Mu did not describe the national disaster and sacrifice very straightforwardly. Instead, he used words such as "You fly into the sky, you burn the rain with fire" to convey this idea obscurely.

When this song was combined with the movie, people would naturally think of the scene of the male protagonist flying into the sky to fight, and finally, blood spilled in the sky.

When this song was taken out to listen to alone, it could also be understood as the male protagonist leaving the female protagonist for freedom or other pursuits, leaving the female protagonist alone in pain, which was more in line with the approach of a love song.

In any case, the core points of love songs in the world were nothing more than a few: We love each other, I love you, but you don't love me, you love me, but I don't love you, I love you, but you don't know.

Of course, if you insisted on doing something flashy, such as "I love you, but I also love him" or something like that, you would basically be scolded for having a wrong view of the world.

Therefore, as long as a love song was written around these four basic core points, from the perspective of conception, it would be able to win a large number of audiences. This song just happened to cut into the point of "I love you, but you don't love me". It could be said to be a pun, very perfect.

After settling the lyrics, Li Mu immediately contacted the best music producer team in the country and prepared to start arranging the song.

This time, Li Mu invited all the top musicians in the country, many of whom were not even from the same record company, but because of Li Mu's transcendent status in the entertainment industry, everyone immediately put down their work and ran to Yanjing to report to him.

Spielberg assigned the cast for the road show.

For Asian countries, such as Hua Xia, Japan and Korea, Tom Hanks, Liu Ye, and Anne Hathaway would be in charge, while for Western countries, Leonardo and Du Wei would be in charge.

The reason for this arrangement, on one hand, was because Liu Ye, Anne Hathaway, Leonardo, and Du Wei were originally a couple in the movie, so this combination was more attractive to the audience.

As for why Du Wei went to Europe and America, and Anne Hathaway to Asia, it was mainly for the sake of the two girls. Right now, Du Wei needed to open up the Western market, and Anne Hathaway also needed to open up the Eastern market, so it was most suitable for the two of them to exchange.

As for Liu Ye, he was still considered a newcomer and did not have much fame in Hua Xia. He was not like Du Wei, who already had the song "21".

If he went to the West now to promote, he would definitely become a passerby. Therefore, it was better for him to do business in Hua Xia, Japan, and Korea first. After all, his looks were better in East Asia, and more importantly, he did have a bit of a tough guy aura. If he made good use of the road show opportunity, he should be able to increase his popularity.

According to the agreement, Du Wei would soon set off for America. She would start from America and do about ten road shows in a few big cities there, then go straight to Europe. There were still about ten more road shows in England, France, Germany, and Italy. After all, it was time for the movie to be released.

Therefore, Li Mu wanted to record this song before Du Wei left.

Even if there were adjustments to the arrangement later, as long as the overall tone of the song, as well as the singing style, speed, strength, and other key links were determined, and Du Wei finished singing, the rest of the arrangement team could continue to make refinement changes, and then adapt to Du Wei's recorded singing track.

This kind of routine was very common in the recording process of a record. It was equivalent to letting the model determine all the body proportions and measurements, and then handing over the production of the clothes to a group of experienced designers and tailors, waiting for them to make the clothes and then put them on.

Du Wei did not expect that Li Mu could write a song before she was about to go to the United States for a road show. She hurriedly pushed away all the arrangements before leaving and followed Li Mu into the recording studio.

For her, her favorite process was the recording process with Li Mu, because during the process, Li Mu would almost always be with her. Not only would he do his best to tell her the feeling and key points of the song, but he would also be outside the recording studio, through the soundproof glass, constantly cheering her on.

For Du Wei, who was in love for the first time, if she could see Li Mu outside during the recording, she could almost play her potential to the extreme, because she did not want to let Li Mu down. She even wanted Li Mu to be proud of her!