Chapter 635

Sina had been having a good time recently. Through their active promotion, the part of traffic that had been blocked by Makino Technology began to be gradually recovered from other channels, making up for the previous negative impact. Chen Tong didn't dare to relax at all at this time. He had always thought that Makino Technology would set up a portal, but he didn't know when it would be launched. However, this time, when Makino Technology warmed up the three stars' trip in the mainland, he had some clues.

Chen Tong found the senior management of Sina and expressed his concerns. Chen Tong had been thinking about one problem: once Makino Technology launched a portal, what should Sina use to compete with it? However, facing a giant like Makino Technology, which had a strong ecosystem as its core, he really couldn't think of any effective way. Sina couldn't be compared with Makino Technology in any aspect. Its only advantage in content was established under the premise that Makino Technology hadn't started producing content. Once Makino Technology also started producing content, Chen Tong felt that with Li Mu's ability to do things, his portal would not be worse than Sina in terms of content.

Facing Chen Tong's concerns, the senior management of Sina didn't immediately realize the hidden crisis and hidden danger. The CEO asked Chen Tong, "From the current situation revealed by Makino Technology, it seems that Zhang Guorong, Mo Wenwei, and 3321 are the main charity cooperation this time, right?

You also know that 3321 and Makino Technology are both Li Mu's industries. He definitely wants Makino Technology to take advantage of this opportunity, but he might not want to set up a portal. "

Chen Tong said, "There must be a suitable carrier for tracking reports. Makino Technology doesn't have a suitable carrier for this kind of information dissemination now. It is most likely to be a portal!"

The CEO asked him, "Will it be Tieba?

Recently, Li Mu has made the celebrity Tieba very popular. Now the traffic and user stickiness of Tieba have greatly increased. If he takes this opportunity to do a series of activities in Tieba, the traffic of Tieba will definitely reach a new high. "

Chen Tong said, "He has already gotten hundreds of celebrities to stay on Tieba. At this time, if he still uses Tieba as a medium to do follow-up reports, it won't be very meaningful. I don't think he's that simple."

As he spoke, Chen Tong was worried that the CEO would make the mistake of underestimating the enemy again, so he couldn't help but remind him, "Don't forget, before, everyone thought that Li Mu wouldn't and couldn't retaliate against us because of UC, but we were still caught by him, and we were ruthlessly tricked by him."

The CEO nodded awkwardly and said, "If Li Mu really wants to open a portal, what do you think we should do?"

As he spoke, he didn't wait for Chen Tong to answer and said, "Actually, I've also worried about this problem. Maybe the entire Internet industry has worried about this problem. If one day, Makino Technology does the same business as us, how should we deal with it? I thought for a long time, but I still have no clue. I think if Makino Technology really opens a portal, we can only pin our hopes on two points. One is the difference between Sina and Makino Technology's users, and the other is the die-hard users of Sina. With these two points, we can at least protect half of Sina's market."

Chen Tong nodded and said, "At the moment, it seems that we really don't have a good way to deal with the threat of Makino Technology. Moreover, Li Mu has too many resources in his hands. Not only does he have a large number of users, but he also has a good relationship with so many celebrities."

Speaking of this, Chen Tong suddenly had an idea. He was inspired by the actions of Makino Technology and came up with a new content model.

After sorting through his thoughts for a moment, Chen Tong suggested to his boss, "Can we do an online celebrity interview program on Sina?"

"Celebrity interview?"

The CEO frowned and asked him, "Do you mean to imitate Makino Technology to do a follow-up report?"

"No."

Chen Tong said, "I think it's best if we can make a special channel and a special program. For example, we can invite a celebrity to Sina every once in a while to visit Sina, interact with Sina's employees, and be interviewed by Sina. In the end, Sina will publish the text, pictures, and video news on Sina. In this way, we can use the influence of the celebrity to continue to attract users' attention and maintain traffic."

The CEO asked in surprise, "Isn't this what Li Mu is good at?

He has so many celebrities in his hands. If he imitates you, you won't be able to survive at all! "

Chen Tong hurriedly said, "No model can prevent copying, but we can think of ways to improve the content of the model itself. On one hand, we can play to our strengths and avoid our weaknesses, and on the other hand, we can create our own unique content."

Then, Chen Tong continued to explain, "I think if we do this program, the category of celebrities we choose will not be limited to the entertainment circle composed of singers and movie stars. We can totally set different themes according to the current social hot spots. For example, this year's World Cup is very popular, and we can invite a few football stars to come over. Also, during the gymnastics, swimming, and table tennis world championships, we can also invite the relevant well-known athletes to come over for interviews. We can even invite famous directors, screenwriters, and writers. In short, we have to make use of the hot spots according to the hot spots. Right now, Makino Technology only has a good relationship with the singer community, but there are too many singers. If we only focus on singers, there will be serious homogeneity, and the users will also get tired of it."

Sina's top management is very interested in this suggestion. According to Chen Tong's idea, this program is an internet light variety show. It will not be as big, complicated, and formal as a TV variety show. But because it is easy to operate, it will be more flexible.

Chen Tong started thinking about this. He felt that this special channel can allow the celebrities and the audience to interact with each other at the same time. The current technology cannot support live streaming, and Chen Tong did not plan to do a live streaming. He wants to let the celebrities and their fans interact with each other through text. The format will be similar to Weibo interviews in the future. Users will ask questions, and the host will filter the questions. The celebrities will answer according to the questions, and then the video will be released for the users to watch. If they can invite one celebrity every week to do a live streaming and video interview, it should be very interesting.

Sina's CEO did not have any specific suggestions. After all, Chen Tong is an expert in portal content. He knows what kind of content can attract the users. So, he verbally approved Chen Tong's idea and asked him to prepare a specific implementation plan.

Chen Tong excitedly gathered his subordinates and key personnel from other departments for a meeting. After the meeting, he realized how difficult it is to implement this plan.

First was the development of technology. Sina's current page technology did not include the protocol to support online videos. That was to say, if they wanted to broadcast celebrity interviews online, the page had to be developed again.

Although there were some online flash, music videos, and movie watching websites, most of these websites were very poor, especially when it came to watching movies and TV series. For those websites that did not have high traffic, it was difficult to ensure that users could watch online movies and TV series smoothly. On one hand, it was because of the server bandwidth limit, and on the other hand, it was because of the lack of streaming media technology.

Sina had a lot of traffic. Although it had been ruthlessly tossed around by Muye Technology, it was still one of the top 10 websites in the country. With such a huge traffic base, the server bandwidth requirements were too high to support online video viewing. At the very least, it would need to double the current base, which was a relatively large cost.

Also, Sina does not have the talent to handle streaming media. If Sina wants to do this, it needs to set up a small team to focus on streaming media development. This will increase the cost by a lot.

But Chen Tong felt if they can solve the bandwidth and technology issues and provide the celebrities' interviews to the users, it will be a unique product in the portal industry. With this product, Sina can leave all the other portals behind. If the other portals want to catch up, they must go through the same process as Sina. They must solve the bandwidth, team, and technology issues, and Sina will be ahead of them. As long as Sina continues to develop rapidly, it will be hard for the other portals to catch up.

Therefore, Chen Tong planned a detailed implementation plan and estimated the cost on the same day. However, he did not expect that the CEO, who was very interested in this plan before, suddenly exploded when he saw the budget of at least ten million a year.

"This cost is only for the bandwidth and technology issues. Let me ask you. How are you going to calculate the cost of the celebrities?

How are you going to calculate the cost of the content planning and video production team?

If you want to produce one episode a week, it will be more than 50 episodes a year. If the cost of each episode is 200,000 RMB, it will be another 10 million RMB expenditure! "

Chen Tong explained, "We can talk about working with celebrities. If they come to our studio to record a show, we can help them promote it for free. It's a win-win situation. If we want to tighten the budget at the beginning and not invite too many big-name celebrities, I don't think it'll be a problem. We won't need a budget in the tens of millions. Besides, if our show does well, the cash cost of inviting celebrities will keep dropping.

Also, once our program reaches a certain level of popularity, we can sell the title sponsorship, advertisements, and sponsors. It is not impossible for us to make profits!

The key is that we need a new product that others can't imitate in a short time. Just like Makino Technology's Happy Farm, the pioneer will always maintain a technological lead, and imitators will never be able to surpass us. As long as we maintain our position as the first online video portal, we will definitely succeed! "