Chapter 389

Lin Ching-ah's home was located in a small county in the north of Zaoshi. It was dozens of kilometers away from Xue Guo District, and the transportation was not very convenient. She had to return to Yanjing to work on the sixth day of the Lunar New Year. Before the holiday, she had already bought the train ticket from Zaoshi West Railway Station to Yanjing on the fifth day of the Lunar New Year. Today, she rushed to Xue Guo District from her home. She came with her luggage. After eating, she would return to Yanjing at 12 o 'clock at night.

Because Li Mu didn't want to drive back overnight, he asked Lin Ching-ah to book a room for him in a hotel. After Lin Ching-ah arrived in the afternoon, she opened the room for Li Mu, but she didn't put her luggage in the room. Instead, she left it at the front desk of the hotel. Lin Ching-ah didn't wait for Li Mu in the room. Instead, she ordered a cup of coffee in the hotel lobby and read a book while waiting for him.

After Li Mu arrived, he saw Lin Ching-ah in the lobby. He sat down opposite her, ordered a cup of tea, and talked about Fang Xudong with her.

Li Mu wanted to know more details about Fang Xudong, such as his current income level at Google, his current position, and the direction he was responsible for.

Lin Ching-ah said, "I called my high school classmate again in the afternoon and asked him indirectly. Fang Xudong's annual income at Google should be about one million yuan, which is about a hundred thousand US dollars."

Li Mu nodded. A hundred thousand US dollars didn't seem to be a lot, but the purchasing power was still very strong. At least after a year of food and drink expenses, the remaining money could still buy a smaller house in Yanjing. It was definitely the level of a super gold-collar worker.

Lin Ching-ah said again, "As for what he does at Google, my classmate is not very clear. But what is certain is that he is thirty-three years old this year, and he is the only child in his family. His family really hopes that he can return to China to develop his career. He does have this intention now, but there is no suitable opportunity."

Li Mu asked, "Does this person have any characteristics?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "It is said that he has a high IQ, high EQ, and is very friendly. I don't know anything else."

"Oh."

Li Mu rubbed the bridge of his nose. He was afraid of this kind of people with high IQ and EQ. If you talked to them about ideals, they would talk to you about reality. If you talked to them about reality, they would talk to you about ambitions. If you wanted to poach such people, it would be useless to bluff them. You would have to show them the real deal. However, he was not sure if the companies he owned would be reliable in the eyes of Google's technicians.

However, Li Mu of his mind. However, he quickly adjusted his mentality. Since he was here, Li Mu shouldn't be worried. of Li Mu didn's.. of.

That night, Li Mu met Fang Xudong in the private room of the restaurant that Lin Qingya had booked. Fang Xudong was dressed in casual clothes from A&F. What surprised Li Mu the most was that the 33 year old Fang Xudong did not look like an internet professional at all. He was about 1.8 meters tall, and his body was on the skinny side. He did not have any hair loss, nor did he have a pair of glasses.

. "Fang Xudong looked at Li Mu. He was more surprised than Li Mu.

He used to pay attention to Makino Technology. He had a clear and in-depth understanding of Makino Technology's development and products. But he didn't expect that the CEO of Makino Technology was a young man in his early twenties.

The two shook hands and greeted each other. After chatting for a while, Fang Xudong found out that Li Mu was still in university. He was only a freshman. Fang Xudong didn't feel good.

He asked about Li Mu's year of birth. He knew that Li Mu was not even 20 years old.

Fang Xudong studied in China. He knew what the education model in China was. Before going to university, almost all children walked the same path and learned the same knowledge. Only after going to university would they enter different academic fields. Some studied economics, some studied medicine, some studied law, and some studied computer science.

The technical field of the IT industry was a huge academic field. If one wanted to achieve something in this field, one had to be immersed in basic technology and the IT industry for at least a few years. But how could a young man like Li Mu establish a company like Makino Technology in his first year of university?

According to common sense, it was impossible for him to have a strong foundation in development. It was even more impossible for him to have a precise product awareness. Could he be a genius?

But Fang Xudong was the kind of person who didn't believe in academic geniuses the most. In the past, when people boasted about Shisui's college entrance exam, the junior class, the prodigy class, and the gifted class, he always felt that anything related to academics required years of hard work and accumulation. Most so-called geniuses couldn't stand the test of time and reality.

That was also why Lawrence was here.

After Prague, there was no other Nobel Prize laureate in his twenties, even if it was Lawrence.

Even Lawrence Prague had to rely on his father to get the Nobel Prize. He shared the Nobel Prize in Science with his own father. If he relied on himself, he would have to be at least in his thirties to get the prize.

In comparison, an artistic genius was understandable.

Li Mu could see the doubt in Fang Xudong's eyes. He had expected this.

After the two sat down, Li Mu deliberately asked Fang Xudong, "I heard that Mr. Fang has a high position in Google. Which section are you in charge of?"

Fang Xudong said, "I'm mainly in charge of Pagerank. It's a technology related to web page ranking."

Pagerank was a web page ranking algorithm invented by Larry Page. Its core was to provide a detailed calculation formula for web page ranking. Although Li Mu had never worked in search engines before, he had heard about this field.

Li Mu nodded and said calmly, "Larry Page's algorithm must be very important to Google right now. It should be a very high-level section, right?"

Fang Xudong nodded and said, "Advanced algorithms are Google's core advantage in the search engine field."

Li Mu nodded and asked, "Google doesn't just have the Pagerank algorithm, right?

Doesn't Google have a Hill Top algorithm?

Have they started to combine the two algorithms? "

Li Mu's casual question shocked Fang Xudong.

Fang Xudong was not surprised that Li Mu knew about the Pagerank algorithm and who its creator was. The Pagerank algorithm was not unique to Google. It was invented by Larry Page when he was at Stanford University. Anyone who had a certain understanding of search engines would know about this algorithm. Even if they didn't know its logic, they would have heard of its name.

However, the Hill Top algorithm was the core technology related to search engines. This algorithm was developed by a Google employee in the second half of last year, and it was only patented in the second half of last year. It was still confidential, and Google hadn't gotten the patent from the employee yet. They were still doing compatibility testing, and it was estimated that it would take at least a year before it could be put into use.

Now, the young Li Mu knew about this algorithm in the country. Even if he only knew its name, it was already incredible. The only possibility was that he had done a lot of research in this field and had his own sources of information.

Fang Xudong praised from the bottom of his heart, "It seems that Li Zong is very familiar with the development of the industry."

Li Mu saw that Fang Xudong was really paying attention to him. He smiled and said, "Although Makino Technology is not going to enter the search engine market, search engine technology is one of the most important technologies on the Internet. I have always been in awe to understand and learn some superficial knowledge in this field."

This was the effect that Li Mu wanted. At the very least, he couldn't let Fang Xudong underestimate or doubt his ability. At the very least, he had to let Fang Xudong know that although he was young and his technical strength might be much worse than Fang Xudong's in terms of the current Internet architecture, his understanding of the Internet might not be any weaker than Fang Xudong's, and might even far exceed his.

Fang Xudong said, "Makino Technology is already very amazing now. Tieba is a minimalist BBS. Not only did it lower the user's threshold and operating costs, but it also opened up infinite possibilities through the innovation of open keyword registration. It will definitely be a pivotal product in the domestic Internet in the future."

Li Mu smiled modestly and asked Fang Xudong, "In your opinion, what is the biggest advantage of Makino Technology at the moment?"

Fang Xudong said, "Naturally, it's the users. Tieba is a super-large online community that brings together users based on various points of interest. With the strong user volume of Tieba as the support, Makino Technology can choose many directions in the future."

Li Mu asked him, "What do you think is the biggest problem of Makino Technology at the moment?"

Fang Xudong smiled and said, "To be honest, to be able to reach this point in more than half a year is already beyond the imagination of many people. Even many big names in the Internet field can't do it so neatly. The product model of Tieba is very good, and the model of Happy Farm is also very good. What's rare is that it has strong profitability."

After a series of words of praise and affirmation, Fang Xudong hesitated for a moment and said, "If I really want to nitpick, I think the biggest problem of Makino Technology is that there is no real product with strong demand. This product of Tieba is more like a companion product. Although it is very strong, it should be accompanied by more powerful products with strong demand. If it is under the banner of Baidu or Tengxun, in my opinion, it is more suitable."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said with a smile, "You mean, Tieba is not suitable to be the core of an Internet company alone?"

Fang Xudong smiled and said, "You can't say that absolutely. I can only say that if you want to be a top Internet company, you can't use Tieba as the core product. If you want to be a first-class Internet company, Makino Technology is now."