Chapter 441

In Li Mu's mind, although "Crazy Stone" was a movie with ordinary people as the core, it didn't mean that it had to follow the previous roles of the grass-roots actors.

In Li Mu's eyes, there were four very outstanding roles in "Crazy Stone". Huang Bo who played the role of Black Skin was the first, Guo Tao who played the role of the security captain was the second, Wang Xun who played the role of the four-eyed assistant of the real estate developer was the third, and Liu Hua who played the role of the thief boss was the fourth.

These four people were all grass-roots actors at the beginning, but after "Crazy Stone" became popular, their acting careers reached new heights, especially Huang Bo, who started from this movie and walked step by step to the top.

Therefore, for Li Mu, he hoped that Ning Hao could use these four actors in "Crazy Stone" this year. It would be best if he could invite Xu Zheng. Although he didn't have many scenes in "Crazy Stone", this cooperation made him, Huang Bo, and Ning Hao an iron triangle. Moreover, he was also very talented and had great potential.

In addition, Li Mu had another idea in his mind, which was to try his best to sign these actors to Makino Image through this movie. Without exception, these people were all powerful actors, which was very rare.

Ning Hao's brain still couldn't react. After all, he came here with a wish of five million, or at least three million. In the end, Li Mu raised it to twenty or thirty million, and even asked Liu Dehua and Liu Tianwang to act in it. This move was too big. It was like Bai Jingjing in "Journey to the West". She just went to find a teacher, but a man suddenly appeared and wanted to marry her on the spot. Basically, she was in a state of confusion.

Li Mu understood Ning Hao's mentality. If he were in Ning Hao's shoes, he would probably be the same. In fact, Ning Hao also wasted a few years in the early years. Take "Crazy Stone" as an example. This idea had been around since 2000, and it could be done with only three million. After waiting for six years, after "Crazy Stone" became famous, he had always been grateful to Liu Dehua, who invested in his film. This showed his desire for this opportunity.

Now, Li Mu had helped him advance this dream by four years, and had even increased the stakes for him. His heart was not only excited, but also somewhat fearful.

He said, "With an investment of 20 to 30 million yuan, I can only break even if I get 100 million yuan at the box office. What if I lose …"

Li Mu spread out his hands indifferently and said, "So be it. Do you think I'll ask you to pay me back?"

Ning Hao said awkwardly, "That's not what I meant … I mean, I feel bad. You treat me so well. If I compensate you again, this …"

Li Mu continued to enlighten him. "Don't think that 30 million yuan is a lot. A movie with 30 million yuan can only be considered ordinary. As for the box office, you don't have to feel pressured. Although we don't have many resources in the film and television industry, don't forget that our ability to project on the Internet is very strong. You just need to shoot the movie well, and I'll take care of the box office."

Ning Hao was slightly stunned. He was also a smart person. As soon as he heard Li Mu mention the Internet, he immediately understood Li Mu's intention.

With the powerful projection ability of Makino Technology, he could directly release a movie to tens of millions of people in minutes. Tens of millions of people would have a social effect, and the number of people who would be released in the end would definitely be even more. This projection ability was not available in the traditional film and television industry. If he could shoot the movie well, then Li Mu could use this resource to help the movie get enough screenings, and he would not have to worry about the box office of the movie.

After thinking about this, Ning Hao finally had some confidence. He said to Li Mu, "Boss, then I'll go back and carefully consider the script. I'll try to make it more detailed. I'll show it to you when the time comes."

Li Mu nodded. "If you want to shoot it, when do you want to start shooting?"

Ning Hao thought about it and said, "June or July."

Li Mu asked again, "How long do you plan to shoot?"

Ning Hao said, "The previous plan was to finish shooting in two months. After all, the cost is low. But now, I have to go back and calculate it carefully. The cost is high, the production is more detailed, and the time period is longer."

Li Mu nodded. "There's no hurry. We can lock it in at the end of the year and release it at the end of December or the beginning of next year."

Ning Hao said, "This time should be no problem."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You have to shoot it well when the time comes. This is our Makino Image's first movie on the big screen. We must make a name for ourselves. If this movie is done well, our development in the future will be smooth."

Ning Hao grinned. "Boss, don't worry. As long as you trust me, I will do my best."

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Bullsh * t. I've already promised you 30 million. How else can I trust you?"

Hearing this, Ning Hao held the script of a thief and laughed foolishly for a long time.

Li Mu asked him, "How much do you expect to be paid for this movie? Tell me."

Ning Hao said, "Boss, I only want 50,000 yuan for the director's fee."

"50,000 yuan?" Li Mu frowned. "What nonsense are you talking to me about?

If I give you 50,000 yuan for the director's fee, how can I continue to work in the industry? "

Ning Hao said happily, "If you think it's too little, I don't mind if you give me an extra 50,000 yuan."

"F * ck off."

Li Mu said impatiently, "500,000 yuan for the director's fee, plus 10% of the box office. How much you can earn depends on your ability."

When Ning Hao heard this, he was so shocked that he did not respond for a long time. Not to mention that the amount of 500,000 yuan was ten times more than what he expected, he knew very well what a 10% share of the box office meant. Li Mu promised him 10% of the net profit of this movie …

Ning Hao still wanted to refuse, but Li Mu just waved his hand and said, "Okay, let's do our own thing. I'm responsible for the money, and you're responsible for the work. How I pay is up to me. I'll decide. Don't say anything more. Just do your job well."

Ning Hao nodded and didn't say anything. He only sighed in his heart that he was so lucky to have met such an outstanding financial backer like Li Mu. Moreover, Li Mu trusted him so much that he suddenly had the idea of sacrificing his life for Li Mu.

Li Mu suddenly thought of Du Wei. He always felt that Du Wei was such a good person, and it was a loss if she didn't pursue a well-rounded career in film and television. But after thinking about it, Crazy Stone was really not suitable for her. After thinking for a long time, he suddenly thought of a movie — The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years.

"Those Years" was a phenomenal movie, and it was also a high-quality youth film. It had once led a big trend in youth films in China. If it weren't for its success, there wouldn't have been so many youth films filled with vulgar elements such as mistresses, pregnancy, abortion, car accidents, terminal illnesses, and so on.

In later years, three youth films, "To Youth", "You Who Sat Next To Me", and "That Year in a Hurry", were released one after another. Netizens once teased that the abortion rate of these three films had reached an astonishing 100%. They even specially summed up for this: There were three treasures in youth films: abortion, car accidents, and difficult to get old. It was enough to see the extent of the proliferation of youth films at that time, and it was enough to see the great success of the movie "Those Years".

Du Wei's temperament was too suitable for Shen Jiayi in those years. In addition, Du Wei showed her youthful aura in "Old Boys". She was probably the most suitable girl to shoot a youth film in Li Mu's mind, and she was also the best choice to play Shen Jiayi.

However, if he didn't have a suitable director in those years, he really didn't have the time and energy to be a guest director in a movie. One "Old Boys" was enough to torment him. Ning Hao also had "Crazy Stone" to prepare, and he wasn't suitable for this kind of style, so Li Mu felt that if he wanted to shoot those years, he still had to find a director.

He asked Ning Hao, "Do you know a director who is suitable to shoot a campus romance film?"

Ning Hao asked, "What kind of campus romance?"

Li Mu said, "It's the male lead and the female lead who like each other at the beginning. After a secret love, being competitive, and saying one thing in another's heart, they finally get together, but they separate because of a trivial matter. In the end, the girl marries someone else."

Ning Hao laughed after hearing that. "Now that you mention it, I really do know a suitable director."

Li Mu asked, "Who is it?

Can you introduce me to him? "

Ning Hao said happily, "It's you, Boss. Isn't" Old Boys "just like that? You're very good at it!"

Li Mu glared at him and said, "My salary is around a million a day. How the hell do I have the time to shoot a movie? Seriously, find me a reliable director."

Ning Hao saw Li Mu's serious expression, so he immediately nodded and said, "I'll go back and see if there's a suitable one."

Li Mu said, "Take it seriously. If it's reliable, this movie can start shooting at the same time as' Crazy Stone 'and be released at the end of the year."

Ning Hao nodded. "Okay, I'll do it as soon as possible!"

After dinner and talking about the movie, Li Mu drove Ning Hao back. When he saw the new overbearing G55 that Li Mu bought, Ning Hao was shocked by Li Mu. From the moment he saw the car to the moment he got out of the car, his eyes were glued to all the details of the G55.

Li Mu saw his subconscious behavior. Before he left, he told him that if the box office of "Crazy Stone" could reach 300 million, he would give him an extra G55.

Ning Hao was so scared that he kept waving his hands. He said that he couldn't imagine the box office of 300 million, and that he couldn't afford such an expensive car. Li Mu said to him, "Those who dare to think and do are heroes."

Then he drove away.

On the way back, Kong Lingyu called Li Mu and said to Li Mu, "Boss, Teng Xun removed all the commercial advertisements today. Their membership service is also on special promotion. One cent per month is equivalent to a 10% discount."

Li Mu asked him, "One cent per month. Can the user customize how many months they want to buy?

For example, buying for half a year or a year at a time. "

"Wait a minute. Let me have a look."

Kong Lingyu paused for a moment and said to Li Mu after testing it, "No, you can only buy one month."

Li Mu laughed, "Then don't worry about it. They don't have the determination to burn their boats."

Kong Lingyu asked, "They must be doing this to maintain the user's loyalty. Shouldn't we do something about it?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "For the time being, we don't need to do anything about it. When they go all out and buy one year or two at a time, we will do it. We don't want to fight the price war. It's too low."

Kong Lingyu was stunned for a moment, "Uh, okay then …"

Li Mu sensed that Kong Lingyu was still a little worried, so he comforted him with a smile, "Don't let the other party's price war mess up your mind. Compared to YY, many functions of their products are outdated. Even QQ members can't enjoy many of our core functions. This also means that in terms of these needs, QQ members can't replace ordinary YY users. This is our core competitive strategy. If we blindly engage in a price war with them, we'll mess up our own footsteps."

Kong Lingyu said, "I understand, Boss."

As he said that, he added, "By the way, we're almost done with the structure of the YY gaming lobby that you proposed when YY was making its strategic deployment. The design team has also designed the interfaces of several popular games. Send it to your email and take a look when you have the time."

Li Mu asked curiously, "So fast?

It's only been about a month since the strategic deployment, right? "

Kong Lingyu said, "Our main focus is on developing the game architecture and the lobby system. As for the game itself, I bought the source code from other board and card game development companies in order to save time. Then, I developed it again based on the source code. Coupled with our brand new visual design, the speed is much faster."

Li Mu said in surprise, "Not bad, Old Kong. Your brain is getting more and more active. How many game codes did you buy?"

Kong Lingyu said, "A total of thirteen types. The poker games are three-player Dou Dizhu, four-player Dou Dizhu, Level Up, and Run Fast. The chess games are Chinese Chess, Army Flag, Chinese Checkers, and Gomoku. The mahjong games are Cantonese Mahjong, Taiwanese Mahjong, and Sichuan Mahjong. Other than that, there's also Tetris and billiards."

Li Mu was stunned. "So many types?!"

"Yes."

Kong Lingyu said, "That company was originally imitating Lianzhong's tabletop online platform. However, the subsequent capital chain couldn't keep up. After the gaming platform was released, it couldn't be promoted. Now, it's been suspended due to lack of operating capital. So, we packaged and sold all the games they developed."

As he said that, Kong Lingyu added, "Tetris, billiards, and Sichuan Mahjong haven't been completed yet. I've poached all their technical development team. They're now working here to continue developing them. Their team has a total of thirteen people. Their salary isn't considered high, and their capital isn't large. That's why I didn't report to you in time."

"That's great!

Well done! "Li Mu was pleasantly surprised after hearing that. Kong Lingyu really dug a treasure for himself!

Delegating power to him and the other core members was still very effective. An online game development team and more than ten game programs were packaged. Such a good opportunity was simply not missed.

Li Mu asked him, "Will they sell the game programs to other companies?"

Kong Lingyu said, "No, I bought them all at a price of three million yuan. The copyrights are all with us. If they resell them, they'll have to bear criminal responsibility. Moreover, the core members of the team are all in our company. They are very satisfied to be able to work in our company."

After that, Kong Lingyu said again, "Boss, this price is a little expensive, but at that time, there were other companies that had the intention to buy it. I was afraid that a long delay would cause trouble, so I bought it directly."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's okay. It's not a big deal to spend more money. For us, the time saved is much more worthwhile than the money spent. Moreover, we also gained a mature team. Just this point alone is worth it!"

This was the benefit of delegating power to a certain extent. Makino Technology was developing more and more, and Li Mu had more things to deal with. In most cases, he couldn't preside over the daily operations of the company, so he couldn't control everything by himself. Delegating power and letting capable and trustworthy subordinates make decisions for him would often have a better effect.

Take Kong Lingyu's acquisition of the game's source code and the development team as an example. If Kong Lingyu had reported the matter to him, he would have had to understand the details of the other party and consider whether the price was appropriate. It would have been easy to miss such a good opportunity. Kong Lingyu could make the decision himself for a few million yuan. It was fast and efficient, and it could help him better determine his own position. He was not an employee, but a senior leader of the company. He had his own rights.

Li Mu was gratified. He asked him again, "Then when do you think the YY gaming hall can integrate these ten games and release them to the public?"

Kong Lingyu thought about it and said, "About twenty days should be no problem."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "This time frame is fine. You have to ensure quality and quantity. Don't be greedy for speed."

Kong Lingyu said, "Don't worry, Boss. We know what we're doing."

Li Mu asked him again, "I've mentioned to you before that for every game, we have to design some cute and interesting dialogue templates. We also have to find a male and female voice actor. Have you done this?"

Kong Lingyu said, "Yes, we've found a total of six people, three men and three women. We've recorded six different versions of each game. We haven't decided on which version to use yet. Boss, do you want to listen to it personally and make a decision?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I won't meddle in this kind of thing. You guys are the developers of the product. You guys can decide what style suits your product best. That style will be more acceptable to your users."

Kong Lingyu said, "Alright, I'll gather everyone to vote tomorrow. The minority will follow the majority."

“OK！”

Li Mu said with satisfaction, then said, "Oh right, the design team must package the game's visual effects well. The company's UI, graphic design, elements, and other aspects must be continuously strengthened in the future. Keep in touch with Qing Ya about this. If you feel that we don't have enough manpower, add more people immediately. Don't hesitate."

"Okay." Kong Lingyu said, "I'll give Qing Ya a call later to communicate with her."

Just as Li Mu was feeling gratified by Kong Lingyu's progress, he did not know that Boss Ma, who was far away in Shenzhen, also had the idea of copying Alliance Games.