Chapter 58

After Li Mu arrived in Haizhou, the theory test for the students of Jinan Driving School began.

Fortunately, Li Mu had brought a topic when he was in the countryside, and he had many years of practical driving experience, so his theory test went smoothly. However, the driving school in Haizhou in 2001 was still very backward. There was no computerized examination room for the theory test, and it was all a closed-book written test. After the test, it would take two to three days to know the result.

After the theory test, Li Mu immediately flew to Jinling and flew to Wencheng. On the same day, he arrived at the headquarters of Metersbonway to sign the contract and paid tens of thousands of yuan as a cooperation deposit. That night, he flew back to Jinling.

For the Eeting Easy Listening project, Li Mu had asked Ye Tianming to help him find a job, but Li Mu had not had time to come over. He planned to take this opportunity to stay in Jinling for a day and solve the problem.

The four of them went to the airport to pick up Li Mu that night, and then took Li Mu to a high-end restaurant to eat and drink, to welcome him.

Zhang Kexuan told Li Mu, "The video of the preliminary test has been broadcast. It was first broadcast on the satellite channel, replayed once, and then replayed twice on the second channel."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "How do you feel after it was broadcast?"

"Oh!"

Zhang Kexuan said excitedly, "I will be recognized by young girls wherever I go. Didn't you see that I didn't dare to take you to the food stall last time?"

Li Mu nodded, looked at the other three, and asked, "How do you feel?"

The other three said there was nothing special, because those young girls only had eyes for Zhang Kexuan.

There was a tinge of envy and jealousy in his words.

Li Mu was worried that the other three would gradually have a grudge against him, so he pretended to say casually, "If a band wants to be popular, it must establish a core figure in the early stage. When the first core figure is established in the market, the second core figure can be promoted."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "Just like Beyond, the earliest core member was Huang Jiaju. But after the image of Huang Jiaju as the core singer was established, Huang Guanzhong, as the lead guitarist, was molded into the core of the performance."

When the four of them heard this, they all nodded in agreement.

Zhang Kexuan knew the real purpose of Li Mu's words. This was actually what he had been worried about recently. They were all good buddies, and then they played in a band together. Now that he had become popular all of a sudden, no one cared about the other three. He was also very worried that the three of them would feel disappointed. However, as a vested interest, it was really not appropriate for him to say such things.

However, Li Mu said it in a timely manner, and he even used Beyond, a well-known band in Huaxia, as an example. The other three members of the band seemed to understand it at once.

Zhang Kexuan couldn't help but exclaim in his heart. This young man, who had just turned eighteen, seemed to have seen through everything. He could also point out the key issue that no one was willing to mention at the critical moment. It was really wonderful.

Ye Tianming said with a smile at this time, "I don't care about this. Anyway, the drummer is usually the one standing at the back in the band. It's hard to get attention."

Li Mu shook his head. "That's not right. At your current stage, you're not even a star yet. When the audience watches TV and sees the promotions on the Internet, they will only have two intuitive feelings: whether the song is good or not, and whether the person is good or not. However, as you get more exposure in the future, the audience will evolve into your fans and admirers, and they will try to understand more about you."

"For example, they will think that besides the lead singer, the guitarist is also very handsome, and the drummer is also very cool. Moreover, once you have a live performance in the future, Kexuan can leave more opportunities for you to show off."

"For example, when he sings the chorus and needs to enter the guitar solo, Kexuan can stand at the back. In Xia Xia, you can walk to the front of the stage and use your guitar, your solo, and your body to attract the attention of the audience. The same principle applies to the bass player and drummer."

"I understand!"

Ye Tianming exclaimed with joy, "This is also why, in Beyond's concert, Guan will walk to the front when playing solo, or all the lights will be directed at him. They even arranged for Huang Jiaqiang to play a long bass solo in 'Cold Rainy Night'. Even Ye Shirong will have a few minutes of solo time."

Li Mu nodded, "In the later stages of a band's development, the best outcome is naturally for everyone to become famous and have their own fan base. This way, the influence of the entire band can be enhanced. In the future, I will also give the three of you more opportunities to show off, such as arranging better solo, arranging for you to make more perfect harmonies or solos. However, this can only be done after Kexuan's core position is consolidated."

The three of them expressed their agreement. For them, there was definitely a gap, but the three of them did not know how big the gap was that they could accept. However, with Li Mu's words, the three of them felt a lot more relieved. After all, Li Mu's words proved that the three of them would not really be ignored.

Zhang Kexuan also breathed a sigh of relief and said to Li Mu, "We will have the semi-finals at eight o 'clock in the evening the day after tomorrow. Eight will advance to one. Only the champion can go to Yanjing. You must come to such a crucial competition."

Li Mu did not rush to agree. Instead, he asked, "How is the rehearsal for the song 'Sunflower' going?"

"Pretty good." The four of them said almost in unison, "We have been practicing this song recently."

Li Mu said, "I may not have time the day after tomorrow. How about this, I will go directly to your rehearsal room later and see how your rehearsal is going. In addition, where is the resume that you found for me?

Show it to me later. Tianming, can you go to the office tomorrow? "

Ye Tianming said, "No problem. You can go anytime."

Li Mu nodded and said, "To be honest, I still have a lot of things to do in Haizhou. I have to go back tomorrow evening."

Hearing this, Ye Tianming hurriedly said, "By the way, one of my father's former subordinates is now doing business in Haizhou. He came to Jinling yesterday to do something. He was scheduled to go back tomorrow morning. I asked him to wait for you. Don't take the train at night. Go with his car."

Li Mu said, "It's not appropriate. Don't delay his business. You can ask him to go back in the morning. I can go back by train in the evening."

Ye Tianming hurriedly said, "How can that be? You have made a trip for the four of us. How can I let you go back by train? That person is my brother and we have a good relationship. If you don't want to go back with him, I will drive you. You can choose one."

Li Mu still wanted to refuse, but Zhang Kexuan also said at this time, "Yes, Li Mu. How about I give you a ride?"

Li Mu did not insist. He turned to Ye Tianming and said, "Then I will trouble your brother."

"It's no big deal. I will call him and tell him."

Li Mu nodded. At this time, he received a text message on his phone, "Your aunt agreed."

It was from Li Ma. Li Mu had just signed the contract today. Before he got on the plane, he called his mother and told her that the contract was settled. He asked her to talk to his aunt. Now it seemed that there was no problem with his aunt.

He had to hurry back to make arrangements. Either his mother and aunt would go to the training together, or his father would go together. Anyway, this matter had to be settled as soon as possible.

So, Li Mu drank up half of the beer in the glass and said to the four of them, "Let's drink up. Let's not drink too much tonight. Let's call it a day. Eat up and go to your rehearsal room. I have a lot of things to do tomorrow. I don't know if I can come the day after tomorrow, but I must go back to Haizhou tomorrow night."

Hearing this, the four of them did not say anything more. They quickly filled their stomachs, paid the bill and went to their rehearsal room. It used to be called Jinling Noise Control, but now it had been renamed to Simple Plan.

In the rehearsal room, Li Mu looked at the resumes that the four people found for him and listened to their rehearsal of "Sunflower". This song was not difficult to perform and sing. After Li Mu's reminder last time, Zhang Kexuan had begun to try to perform this song with his own feelings. This was an improvement. Moreover, the four of them really rehearsed hard. They sang it three times in a row without any mistakes.

After three times, Li Mu gave them a thumbs up, "Keep this level of competition. It will not be a problem to go to Yan Jing!"

As he said this, he took out four resumes and said, "I think these four people are not bad. Let's make an appointment tomorrow."

The four people selected by Li Mu were all from Nansu Province. One of them, Kong Lingyu, left a deep impression on him.

Kong Lingyu was a native of Jinling. He graduated from Yanjing University of Technology in 1998 and joined Hua Xia Yahoo in early 2000 as a web technology developer. This could be said to be one of the earliest web portals in China. Now it was still at its peak, but Kong Lingyu resigned from Yahoo at the end of March this year and returned to Jinling.

According to the resume, after Kong Lingyu returned to Jinling, he started his own business and set up a navigation website that imitated hao123. Now it was in an awkward stage where there was no revenue and needed to continue investing. Kong Lingyu hoped to find a job as a web technology developer to support his small website.