Chapter 1183

Spielberg couldn't understand what kind of energy was behind Li Mu's statement that "Hua Xia netizens will arrive at the battlefield in five seconds".

Hua Xia netizens often had frictions with each other because of games, idols, regions, and pretentiousness. There were many reasons for the frictions, and the scale of these frictions varied from small one-on-one arguments to large ones where hundreds of thousands of people attacked at the same time. These frictions were happening almost all the time on the Internet. However, when it rose to the level of nationalism and patriotism, these netizens, who usually seemed to be in a state of disunity, would instantly abandon all prejudices and disagreements, quickly unite, and unite against the outside world.

At this moment, at Zhao Kang's order, tens of thousands of Internet Water Army started to move at the same time, and a large number of comments related to "The Last Samurai" quickly poured out on the entire Hua Xia Internet. It could be described as overwhelming.

Hua Xia netizens originally protested on the domestic Internet, but very few people knew how to post this kind of protest to overseas websites. Now, a large number of hands-on teaching content suddenly appeared on the Internet. Even netizens who didn't know a word in English could follow the tutorial and complete the post step by step on the major American websites.

American netizens who were protesting "The Last Samurai" on major websites, protesting against Tom Cruise and other main creators suddenly found that a large number of almost identical themes and messages had appeared on the website, and the content of these messages simply shocked the American netizens.

The website was full of "Hua Xia netizens from xx province came to express their support", and they didn't think much of it when they occasionally saw one or two.

However, when such content was everywhere, the American netizens were completely shocked.

Looking at this scale, at least tens of millions or even more Hua Xia netizens came to express their support. In the content of their messages, they strongly condemned "The Last Samurai". This position was completely in line with all American netizens, which made the American netizens involuntarily excited.

So many Hua Xia netizens came to express their support, which not only made the American netizens feel that they had a strong ally around them, but also made them feel that everything they did was completely loyal to and defending justice.

The strong support of Hua Xia netizens from thousands of miles away moved the American netizens and greatly boosted their morale. Many American netizens even felt that the influx of a large number of Hua Xia netizens at this moment was like the mood of the people of Rohan when they saw the arrival of the elven reinforcements before the beginning of the Battle of Helm's Deep in The Lord of the Rings 2.

The cross-race reinforcements rushed to the battlefield from thousands of miles away, which immediately changed the situation of the whole "war". The influence of the whole incident immediately increased by more than one level. of The American netizens thanked the Hua Xia netizens for their support while changing the tone and the starting point.

Now, "The Last Samurai" had not only hurt the hearts of the American people; it had also hurt the hearts of the Americans who died in the hands of the Japanese army during World War II. It had hurt the hearts of the people of Hua Xia even more, and it was even more ashamed of the tens of millions of people of Hua Xia who died in the Japanese army's invasion of China.

At this moment, the netizens of Hua Xia and the American netizens quickly got along because they had the same values and the same enemy, and the deep distance in their hearts was instantly narrowed. The American netizens thanked the netizens of Hua Xia online one after another. Although there was a language barrier, the expressions were universal, so the American netizens gave almost every netizen of Hua Xia who came to express their support a row of thumbs up.

The influx of such a large number of netizens of Hua Xia had a huge impact on the Internet in the United States. This kind of large-scale spontaneous action of netizens had never appeared in the history of the Internet in the United States, nor had it appeared in the history of the Internet in the world. Moreover, such a large-scale spontaneous action was transnational and cross-continent, so it gave this action a more unique meaning.

The major media in the United States began to pay attention to this event. That night, many television media, including CNN, reported this grand event to the whole North America and even the world in the form of an emergency broadcast. The unity and cooperation of Hua Xia netizens and the American netizens perfectly illustrated what "one plus one is greater than two" meant.

There were also many online media that carried out all-round follow-up reports on the large-scale action of Hua Xia netizens this time. Among them, a portal mainly for college students gave the netizens of Hua Xia a general name — Army-Of-Justice. As soon as this title was launched, it was immediately pursued by a large number of American netizens. Even American netizens learned to return the favor. They specially used translation software or asked friends who could speak Chinese to reply to the netizens of Hua Xia in Chinese everywhere on the Internet. The most widely circulated version was: "Dear friends of Hua Xia, thank you, you are the Army-Of-Justice!"

The 100% recognition of Hua Xia and the American netizens, as well as the excellent online interaction, greatly promoted the influence of the action against and boycotting "The Last Samurai".

Tom Cruise, who was in New Zealand, was about to go crazy.

The Internet was full of negative news and comments about him. Almost every netizen who opposed the movie would join in and scold him. Tom Cruise was almost completely drowned by these comments, and even his fans changed sides or disappeared at this time. In the face of strong social pressure, Tom Cruise was almost on the verge of collapse.

At this time, the agent was also anxious in the United States. Seeing that the situation was made more passive by the netizens of Hua Xia, he did not dare to hesitate anymore and immediately called Tom Cruise.

The moment the phone was connected, the agent immediately said to Tom Cruise, "Tom, the situation now is completely out of control. This matter is very likely to cause a big earthquake in Hollywood. I advise you to go back to China now, don't stay in New Zealand!"

Tom Cruise asked subconsciously, "Then what about the movie?"

"You still want the movie!"

The agent blurted out, "Let me be frank with you. This movie is the Titanic, which was invested 140 million US dollars. It's now on the rocks. If you jump off the ship now, it's still not too late. Even if it's a little embarrassing, you can at least save your life. But if you're any later, you can only sink with the ship!"

Tom Cruise was shocked and asked subconsciously, "What do you mean?"

The agent said without hesitation, "What I mean is very simple. Go back to China immediately and then hold a press conference. There are two core points of the press conference. First, immediately apologize to the people of the world, admit and reflect on your mistakes, and your attitude must be extremely sincere and without any concealment. Second, unilaterally announce that you will immediately withdraw from the cast of 'The Last Samurai' and no longer have anything to do with this movie, in order to ask for the audience's forgiveness."

Tom Cruise sighed deeply and said, "In this case, according to the contract, I have to pay a lot of money to the other party. Moreover, you have to know that if I apologize, it is equivalent to admitting that this movie is promoting the spirit of extreme samurai, and it is equivalent to me personally standing on the opposite side of the spirit of extreme samurai. In this case, I may offend the entire Japanese audience in the future!"

Speaking of this, Tom Cruise added, "And Sumitomo … You have to know that they are the behind-the-scenes investors of this movie. If I betray them in order to protect myself now, they will definitely target and retaliate against me in all aspects in the future …"

The agent was anxious and couldn't help but swear, "F * ck!

Are you f * cking stupid?!

If you quit now, it is nothing more than a loss of money!

But it can help you win back a lot of audience. Remember, you are an actor, a world-class actor. Even if the entire Japanese audience hates you, so what?

You still have billions of audiences in North America and Europe. As long as they can forgive you, you can make a comeback. Even if the people of Sumitomo target you, so what? Can they control the world?

If he had the ability to do so, how could this matter have become so big?

This matter has become so big, which just proves that they are not as powerful as the rumors say. In the face of public opinion, their influence is nothing! "

Then, the agent warned, "Tom, there is only one chance to please the people, and it is first come, first served!

If you don't hurry up and jump ship, and Warner Bros. can't handle the pressure, they'll announce that they're going to stop filming this movie. If that happens, you'll really be doomed. If everyone in the world boycotted you, you'll really have no way out! "

Tom Cruise's agent had worked with him for nearly 20 years, and the two had become very close friends. At this time, when the agent suddenly swore, Tom was not really angry. Instead, he was very serious about what the agent had just said.

Indeed, he really stepped on a landmine this time. He didn't expect to arouse such public anger all of a sudden. In this case, if he still wanted to stay on this precarious ship, it would be really a little unwise.

Tom Cruise first boarded the ship because he had admired the ship for a long time, and he wanted to join the big capital behind the ship. However, in the current situation, it seemed that the ship was really difficult to survive. If he did not jump off the ship, he would really be doomed.

Moreover, what the agent said just now completely reminded him that Warner might not be able to hold on for long under such great pressure. Now that so many netizens were boycotting this movie, if Warner couldn't bear it anymore, they would inevitably stop the production of this movie.

Now there was one thing that he agreed with very much. There was indeed only one chance to please the people. Whether it was himself, Warner, or Edward Zwick, among these three parties, whoever changed sides first would be the first to seize the last bit of favor from the public.

If he waited for the director to stop filming, and waited for Warner to stop filming, he would have no initiative at all. Instead, he would become the one who was stubborn in the eyes of the public!

Thinking of this, Tom Cruise made a decision in his heart. He would hurry back to Hollywood, apologize to the global audience, and draw a clear line with this movie.

After making this decision, Tom Cruise immediately became nervous, because he suddenly realized that he was in a very passive situation.

Warner was in Hollywood, and Edward had also gone to Hollywood, while he was far away in New Zealand. As long as either of them came to a decision, they could hold a press conference in Hollywood within an hour. However, he was now in the northern mountains of New Zealand, and it would take at least about 24 hours to get back. Moreover, he had to hold a press conference in Hollywood, so he had to hurry back. He could only pray to God that they had not made a decision before he returned …