Chapter 738

Without giving Wang Runqing too much time to question, after the lawyer confirmed the terms and Song Liang signed it, the escrow account with Wanying Real Estate as the main body was quickly set up.

The financial staff who had been waiting in Beijing for a large amount of money to be transferred immediately after the escrow account was set up. They immediately applied to transfer the three billion into the escrow account that Wanying Real Estate had just opened at the Shanghai Development Bank.

The procedure to transfer money from Wanying Real Estate's corporate account to another Wanying Real Estate's corporate account was relatively simple and convenient to execute.

The escrow account was set to be used for a specific purpose. After the money came in, no one could touch it except for when the loan was due, including Wanying Real Estate.

In fact, Li Mu didn't plan to touch the money. After all, there wasn't much left after the loan was repaid. There was no need to use the remaining one hundred million for other purposes. He used the three billion he got from the issuance fund to deal with Juncheng Real Estate.

After the bank staff confirmed that the money was in the account, Wang Runqing's heart was about to explode.

Zhang Weibin instantly became dispirited and didn't say a word. However, Xiao Chenfeng's expression was very subtle. Occasionally, there was a hint of joy that he couldn't hide. It seemed like he was quite happy to be humiliated by Wang Runqing.

At this moment, Li Mu asked Zhang Weibin, "Vice President Zhang, three billion is enough, right?"

Zhang Weibin nodded awkwardly and said, "En … that … it's enough …"

Li Mu asked again, "You can't ask for any more debt from Juncheng Real Estate or Wanying Real Estate. You also have no reason to sue the bank for enforcement, right?"

Zhang Weibin dodged his gaze and said, "You must be joking. You've already deposited the money in our bank, why would we sue the bank …"

"That's good …" Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief and sighed, "Seeing how arrogant you were just now, I thought you would find a way to sue me after I returned the money."

Zhang Weibin lowered his head and looked at his toes. For the first time, his tone became humble as he said, "Li Zong, please don't make fun of me. I'm just doing things according to the law. Since you returned the money, why would I sue you?"

Li Mu asked, "Then the matter between us is considered resolved?"

"Resolved … it's all resolved …"

“OK。”

Li Mu nodded slightly, then looked at Wang Runqing and asked him curiously, "Mr. Wang, do you have any other advice?"

Wang Runqing felt that all the blood vessels in his body were about to burst from his anger.

This feeling of holding one's strength but being unable to exert it was too painful!

It was as if he had gathered a group of people with great difficulty and had come to collect debts with a large number of people armed with knives, spears, and rods. Before he went, he had repeatedly calculated how he would destroy and rob the other party if the other party did not return the money. In the end, as soon as the group of people rushed to the door, the other party immediately returned the money, leaving him at a loss for what to do.

For Wang Runqing, Li Mu not only slapped him in the face, but also cut off his source of wealth. Moreover, if Li Mu received the three billion, he would not only lose such a big piece of cake as Juncheng Real Estate, but the key was that Wanying Real Estate's acquisition of Juncheng Real Estate had already become known to the whole industry. The news that Li Mu spent three billion to save Juncheng Real Estate would probably spread soon. At that time, wouldn't he be slapped in the face by the whole industry?

Wang Runqing's face was pale, and he looked extremely angry. However, his tone was disdainful as he said, "Li Zong, the money from Wanying Real Estate could have been used to make a lot of money, but you used it to repay the loan to Juncheng Real Estate. Taking over this mess, you may not make much money, but you have offended a lot of people. You have just entered the real estate industry and you have already made a big enemy for yourself. Your courage is really beyond my expectation."

As he spoke, Wang Runqing glanced at Song Liang and said meaningfully, "I hope that Manager Song and the other shareholders are willing to play this farce with you."

Wang Runqing's words were provocative. He always felt that Li Mu's reckless approach would not be supported by other shareholders. Even if other shareholders didn't say it, they would definitely have objections in their hearts.

However, Li Mu's words shattered his remaining confidence. "Who told you that I used Wanying's money?"

Wang Runqing asked coldly, "The money was transferred from Wanying's account. If it wasn't Wanying's money, could it be your own money?"

Li Mu smiled mysteriously. "The industry is so well-informed. You should know it soon."

After that, Li Mu ignored Wang Runqing and said to Song Liang and Wei Lan, "Let's find a place to celebrate."

Song Liang laughed. "Yes, we have to celebrate."

Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "You are familiar with the Shanghai market. You can take everyone to have a good time tonight."

After that, Li Mu looked at Chen Fang and said to him, "Chen Fang, contact a company that runs business jets. We will charter a plane to go back tomorrow."

Chen Fang was slightly stunned for a moment, but he still nodded and said, "Okay, Li Zong, I will contact them right now."

As he said this, Li Mu and the others had already walked out of the door. Song Liang said as he walked, "Do you have to be so corrupt to charter a plane to go back?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "We have made a business worth billions. How can we face everyone if we don't be corrupt?

That's settled. "

After that, the group of people gradually walked further and further away. When Wang Runqing could no longer hear the conversation in the office, all the anger he had accumulated exploded at this moment. He suddenly grabbed the 15-inch LCD monitor on Zhang Weibin's desk and tore off the power cable and VGA cable in an instant. Then, Wang Runqing smashed the monitor on the floor.

The ashen-faced Wang Runqing did not feel much better after smashing the monitor. When he wanted to find something else to vent his anger on, Xiao Chenfeng rushed over and stopped him. He comforted him, "That's enough, Runqing. It's just Juncheng Real Estate. There is no need to get so angry."

Wang Runqing did not say anything. He thought about how he swore to Xiao Chenfeng several times that as long as he was around, no one could save Juncheng. He did not expect retribution to come so quickly. In the blink of an eye, the situation had taken a turn for the worse.

Back then, when Xiao Chenfeng flew into a rage because of Wei Lan's provocation, he had played the same role as Xiao Chenfeng. He knew very well what Xiao Chenfeng was thinking at this moment. Although he was comforting him, he was already very happy in his heart. He was definitely gloating. If he said anything more at this moment, Xiao Chenfeng would only take the opportunity to attack him.

Thus, Wang Runqing took out his phone with a cold expression and made a call, "Find out if Wanying Real Estate has any large income recently. Hurry up!"

…

The news of Li Mu helping Juncheng Real Estate to redeem itself spread throughout the real estate circle very quickly.

Everyone felt that Li Mu and Wei Lan were filming a drama series. After the 800 million yuan episode, there was another 3 billion yuan redeeming itself. Each episode was more exciting than the one before, and the commotion was bigger than the one before. However, this time, everyone was very curious about where Li Mu got the 3 billion yuan. Previously, the 800 million yuan was agreed to be paid three years later. However, this time, for helping Juncheng Real Estate to redeem itself, Li Mu took out 3 billion yuan in cash!

With people paying attention, there would be people digging deeper. The 3 billion yuan income of Wanying Real Estate could not be hidden from the real estate industry. Thus, that night, someone followed the clues and found out the cooperation between Li Mu and Haitong Fund. Then, everyone suddenly realized that Li Mu's 3 billion yuan was not from Wanying Real Estate's loan of 7 billion yuan. Instead, he used the magical tool that was the fund to raise 3 billion yuan from consumers!

This move of Li Mu's completely shocked the entire real estate industry!

He had seen many cases of people getting money empty-handed, but no one in the industry had ever seen someone do it empty-handed. How could he get three billion yuan by relying on Muye Technology? Wasn't this f * cking hoodlum?

That night, many people were calculating the profits that Li Mu could get from the Juncheng Real Estate project. In the end, they were surprised to find that what Li Mu was holding now was a trump card that could win no matter what.

First of all, if the three real estate projects of Juncheng Real Estate were really blocked by the court for three years, it was equivalent to the court helping Li Mu to cover the market. Three years later, if Li Mu slowly finished the post-construction work, another six months would have passed. In three and a half years, wouldn't the three real estate projects be sold for at least 10 billion yuan?

Based on the doubled house prices, after deducting the cost of the three real estate projects, the taxes, the interest of the cashing fund, and the 800 million cash given to Weilan, the net profit in the hands of Wanying Real Estate would be at least more than 4 billion yuan. It was scary.

Secondly, if the Lanke Group admitted defeat and didn't work for Li Mu, and secretly manipulated Juncheng Real Estate to unblock the block as soon as possible, then Juncheng Real Estate would need to complete the project and open for sale as soon as possible. It was impossible to cover the market for three years. At most, they could hold it for half a year. However, after half a year, if the three large real estate projects were all liquidated, they should be able to easily sell for 6 billion yuan. After deducting everything, Wanying Real Estate's profit should be at least one or two billion yuan.

The most important thing was that if this was the case, the 6 billion yuan of the real estate projects would all go into Wanying Real Estate's pocket. As for the 3 billion fund and the 800 million cash from Weilan, they would only need to cash in three years. This was equivalent to Li Mu having another 6 billion yuan of cash flow in his hands. Although the profit seemed to be a lot less than the three years of the block, the 6 billion yuan in cash could be used directly. If it was done well, the profit it could make would probably be far higher than the profit of the real estate projects for three years!

What was more terrifying was that if this was the case, it wouldn't be long before Wanying Real Estate became a real estate company that held seven pieces of Yanjing's prime land and 13 billion yuan in cash. With such an abnormal cash reserve, what kind of monster company was this?

They might as well not be involved in real estate and open a bank!

That night, everyone in the industry had a whole new level of respect for Li Mu and Wanying Real Estate. In everyone's eyes, Juncheng was originally a dead end. Even if someone came in to fight, with the Lanke Group around, they would probably be badly injured. However, no one expected that Li Mu would suddenly come in halfway and completely revive the whole situation with just one move!

This move could be called the Hand of God in the domestic real estate industry. In this situation, no matter how they played, in the end, Li Mu would definitely win!