Chapter 865

Boss Ma heard about the news conference even before his afternoon meeting was over.

The Beijing reporter from Zhejiang Province's Current Affairs News attended the news conference and immediately sent the information back to the provincial station. One of the directors of the news center had a close relationship with Boss Ma. With his strong sense of smell, he realized that this news conference would have a great impact on Boss Ma. Therefore, while the news was still in production, he had already called Boss Ma in private.

Boss Ma knew nothing about the news conference. Although the news conference had just ended, there was no live broadcast by the media. The reporters present only sent the information back to the TV station and the newspaper office. Then, the colleagues in the TV station and the newspaper office would immediately edit and produce it. The TV station was preparing for tonight's evening news, and the newspaper office was preparing to write a special topic for tomorrow's newspaper headline.

When the call came, Boss Ma was assigning tasks to his team. Since the rhythm of Happy Tao going online in September was irreversible, he had to make the best preparations in advance. Boss Ma was halfway through his request when the phone in his pocket vibrated happily.

Under normal circumstances, Boss Ma would not answer calls during a meeting. However, when he saw that the caller was the director of Zhejiang Province's news center, he immediately said to everyone, "Wait for me, I'll go out to take this call."

The other party was a friend of the news department. It could be said that he was very observant and observant. Boss Ma's intuition told him that the person calling at this time must be very important. He had to take this call!

After leaving the conference room, Boss Ma returned to his office. The first thing he said when he picked up the call was, "Director Chen, what's the latest news?"

The other party exclaimed, "Old Ma, your sense of smell is really good!"

Boss Ma said, "You're calling me at this time. It's impossible for it not to work."

The other party grunted and said hesitantly, "Old Ma, that … The Economic and Trade Commission just held an impromptu news conference in Beijing."

"Oh?" Boss Ma immediately asked, "What did they say at the news conference?"

The other party said, "Director Zhen gave Li Mu a big gift. After tonight, Li Mu will definitely have a golden body."

Boss Ma's heart skipped a beat. His voice suddenly rose an octave. "What's going on?"

The other party briefly described what Director Zhen said about Li Mu at the news conference.

Hearing that, Boss Ma's heart sank.

He had just said in the meeting that the Economic and Trade Committee would take all the credit and would not give any credit to Li Mu. Unexpectedly, the Economic and Trade Committee gave almost all the credit to Li Mu and conveyed a few very clear messages:

First of all, the "Internet into the home" policy originated from Li Mu's request to Department Head Zhen. Li Mu was the core initiator.

Secondly, Li Mu took it as his responsibility to promote the development of the domestic Internet and lead the domestic Internet companies to take off. He also actively promoted the promulgation of this policy.

Thirdly, it was also Li Mu's persistence that moved the Economic and Trade Committee. That was why the Economic and Trade Committee coordinated such a huge favorable policy. It could be said that all of this was fought for by Li Mu for the entire industry.

Strictly speaking, Li Mu had one golden body and three silver bodies. Gold didn't represent wealth, but unshakable status and influence. Therefore, his only golden body was 3321. The reason was that 3321's social status was extremely high. Li Mu's entire role in 3321 was absolute nobility and a strong sense of social responsibility. He was the one who created the country's largest O2O platform and the country's largest sharing economy platform. However, he didn't earn a single cent. He supported poor university students and helped poor high school students. This social status was too high. In Hua Xia's philanthropic world, it was the highest point.

Silver represented wealth. Li Mu's three silver bodies were: Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay. Behind each silver body represented great wealth and the possibility of creating wealth.

Now, the Economic and Trade Committee had created a second golden body for Li Mu in front of the national mainstream media. This second golden body was naturally his noble sentiment of seeking welfare for the people of the country and the entire Internet industry. Whether the people could afford a computer or the people could not afford a computer, they would definitely be grateful for the efforts that Li Mu had made for them.

The future of the entire Internet industry had instantly opened up a new world because of this favorable policy. The attitude of the government to actively promote the development of the Internet could stimulate the industry more than the national team to save the market in a bear market. For most companies and employees in the Internet industry, it did not matter how many personal computers this favorable policy would increase, nor did it matter how many Internet users it would increase. What was more important?

The important thing was that once this policy was announced, the Internet industry would immediately become hot. Not only would the employees have higher hopes for the Internet industry in Hua Xia, but the capital would also have greater confidence in the Internet industry in Hua Xia.

Once the capital had confidence, the industry would become the object of crazy pursuit of the capital. The spring of the industry would really come, and this spring of the industry, whether now or in the future, would be recorded on the head of Li Mu. Ten years later, when the Internet industry talked about the spring of the Internet industry in Hua Xia in the second half of 2002, they would definitely talk about Li Mu.

One person had influenced the entire industry, brought the strength of the national team to the entire industry, and brought great news. Wasn't this the second golden body for Li Mu?

Boss Ma was extremely depressed.

It was not a big deal that he made a wrong judgment and slapped himself in the face. What depressed him was that the enemy was constantly advancing, and the gap between him and him was getting bigger and bigger. This feeling of chasing after the enemy with all his might really made him, a person with high aspirations and ambitions, sigh in his heart.

After hanging up the phone, Boss Ma sat alone in the office, thinking about the future of himself, Alibaba, and even Le Tao absentmindedly. He almost forgot that there was a group of people waiting for him in the conference room not far away.

More than ten minutes later, Cai Chongxin took the initiative to find Boss Ma. After knocking on the door and entering, he found Boss Ma in a daze on the chair. He whispered, "Boss Ma, everyone is still waiting for you for the meeting."

Boss Ma came back to his senses and suddenly realized that he had forgotten the fact that everyone was still waiting for him for the meeting.

Boss Ma sighed in shame and said, "Go and host the meeting. Lead everyone to discuss in detail the preparation for Le Tao's release. I need some time alone."

Cai Chongxin didn't know what happened, but he guessed that it must be bad news, so he nodded and said, "Okay, I'll continue the meeting with everyone."

…

While the major TV stations were actively preparing for the news, the spring of Hua Xia's Internet industry had really arrived!

Everyone in the industry paid attention to the benefits of the "Internet into the home" policy. Everyone understood that this policy was absolutely epochal for the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia.

Ever since the Internet industry entered the country, the biggest benefit that the industry had received was from high-tech industrial zones like Yanjing Zhongguancun. The local government gave certain preferential policies to the enterprise level, which was already the greatest support that the government could give.

However, the current favorable policy was formulated for the entire country, and it reflected the importance that the government attached to this industry. This was definitely the starting point for the entire industry to take off!

At this moment, not only the Internet industry went crazy, but even the venture capital institutions went crazy. Many things in the industry had changed drastically in an instant.

The most direct example was: Yesterday, an Internet company in Yanjing was talking about a 10 million financing deal. However, the investor was hesitant. They were conservative and wanted to lower the valuation and solve the problem with 8 million or even less. However, today, the government suddenly stood up and showed an attitude of vigorously promoting the development of the industry. The investor immediately realized that the spring of the industry was coming, and if they didn't invest now, they might not be able to get the price when the popularity continued to rise.

Therefore, the investor immediately communicated with the company, hoping to sign the agreement with 10 million immediately. However, unexpectedly, the founder of the company rejected the investor's intention without hesitation.

I'm sorry, we still need to consider it.

Why did you want to sell yesterday, but now we need to consider it?

It was the same logic as the stock market. Yesterday's market was low, and the future was uncertain. Some people wanted to sell at a low price. However, today, the national team used money and policies to save the market, and the stock immediately rose to the highest limit. Before the national team brought out a sustained wave of market growth, who would be willing to sell?

Even if they wanted to sell, they had to give a higher valuation.

The entire industry was rising, and even the valuation of Makino Technology was rising.

SoftBank was anxious and immediately sent a representative to contact them, hoping to meet and discuss as soon as possible. Sequoia was also anxious and took the initiative to ask for a new offer. They were afraid that Makino Technology would give up on them.

Ding Zhenglin immediately contacted Li Mu and told Li Mu about the current trends in the Internet industry and the capital circle. At the same time, he said to Li Mu excitedly, "This time, I'm confident that the valuation of Makino Technology will rise again!

With enough confidence in the capital, the premium will be higher. I'm confident that after the split, Makino Technology will be valued at 18 billion! "

Li Mu was speechless when he heard this.

This was a result that Li Mu had never thought of before. He had always wanted to promote the industry to develop faster, let the domestic Internet market mature earlier, produce more awesome products earlier, and catch up with the pace of the world's advanced countries earlier. However, he did not expect that such a huge industry benefit would be equivalent to giving the entire industry a shot of adrenaline, so that the prospects, future, and valuation of the entire industry would rise.

After being shocked, Li Mu gave Ding Zhenglin enough personal authority. "It doesn't matter if it's 18 billion or 28 billion. Just go ahead and talk. Talk to the limit, and then I'll take over."

Ding Zhenglin was encouraged and immediately said, "Li Zong, don't worry. Leave it to me."

As soon as he hung up the phone, Li Mu began to calculate in his mind. The current pre-financing valuation was being pulled up by the favorable market, which meant that the sale of 10% of the shares in the C series of financing could be exchanged for higher funds.

Once the C series of financing was completed and the capital funds were in the account, the company's overall strength and cash reserves would be greatly improved. The company's valuation could continue to rise to a higher level, and it could easily reach a market value of more than 3 billion US dollars. It would be able to gain a foothold in the North American market. Coupled with the support of strong local resources and capital, the next step of YY's globalization would be unstoppable.

As he was thinking, Chen Wan called and said excitedly, "Darling, you're going to be famous all over the country again tonight!"

…