Chapter 22

Although Li Mu had always been a music lover, and playing the guitar and forming a band in college could only be regarded as an amateur, he was still a very serious and immersed fan for many years. He had basically dabbled in all kinds of domestic and foreign singers, bands, and styles, and could distinguish them very clearly.

Generally speaking, even if a band was only at the stage of imitating others, it should not try a little bit of every song and every style. In this way, it was no different from a resident band in a bar. If a real band wanted to be a good band, first of all, they needed to set a style for themselves, and then desperately absorb the nutrients from this style. In the end, even if they were to cover other people's songs, they could play with their own style.

However, the kind that Zhang Kexuan and the others were playing was really nothing new.

"Then do you have any suggestions?" Zhang Kexuan scratched his head, feeling a little embarrassed.

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders and said with a smile, "If you guys want to have fun, you should put down your instruments first and have a meeting to discuss the style and route that everyone prefers. Then, we can all work hard on that road together."

As he said that, Li Mu said somewhat ruthlessly, "If you guys are just casually playing, and try all kinds of domestic and foreign styles, that's easy to do. Anyway, when you go out, there is a performance bar at the intersection, and you can go there at night."

In this day and age, with the consumption level in Jinling, a resident band of four people singing for one or two hours a night would at most cost 400 yuan.

However, the four of them were solid second-generation rich, who would be interested in this little bit of money?

Moreover, to them, performing in a bar was very low-class.

Although the four of them did not look very good, what Li Mu said was the truth, full of reason. Even if the four of them cursed in their hearts, they could not refute it.

Another guitarist said, "Hey, little brother, don't you write your own songs?

Just in time, go to the recording studio and show us? "

The bass player and drummer also had a look of instigation. The drummer said in a strange tone, "That's right, show us, and let us see the world. Who doesn't f * cking know how to play with words?

Nowadays, not many people know how to cook. Everyone is a gourmet. "

Li Mu looked at the drummer who was buried in the pile of scraps and shook his head helplessly. It seemed that they were not very convinced. It was shitty in the first place. I didn't want to comment. It was you guys who asked, but you didn't let me tell the truth. Are all you rich second generations so hypocritical?

Then, Li Mu asked the drummer, "Bro, your equipment is absolutely awesome. It's top-notch."

As soon as he said that, Li Mu saw the smugness on the other party's face, and he quickly changed the topic. "Let's not talk about the Trampoline, you even need a drum set. But just the Crash promo alone is 16, 17, and 18 inches, a total of three. There's also Water Gourd, Ding Ding, and even China Gourd. But I see that you've arranged three songs, and among them, other than Trampoline and Crash, which is the closest to you, you haven't touched the other five promo.

Playing drums or showing off your wealth? "

"You …" The drummer thought that Li Mu was complimenting him, but when he heard the last sentence, he almost spat out a mouthful of black blood.

Yes, people who played music all had this kind of mentality. Regardless of whether their skills were good or not, they would first get as much equipment as possible. Especially those who had money, they were even more arrogant. They wanted to buy everything they could buy, but the ones that could really be used were few and far between. He put out so many scraps for the sake of visual awesomeness. As for his skills, it was simply not enough.

This time, Zhang Kexuan did not dare to look down on Li Mu. Although he was young, his eyes and mouth were really sharp. He could tell at a glance if one was really awesome or pretending to be awesome. Moreover, he did not use any vulgarities, praising first and then throwing them down. His methods were ruthless.

Therefore, Zhang Kexuan tried to smooth things over. "Li Mu, I didn't expect you to be an expert. Let's go, let's go to the recording studio."

Li Mu shrugged and said indifferently, "Then let's go."

Anyway, I'm already here. You rich people are allowed to pretend, but I'm not allowed to pretend?

As soon as they entered the recording studio, Li Mu found that the equipment here was more professional and awesome than the outside. The recording studio was divided into two rooms, both behind soundproof glass doors. One was for recording vocals, and the other was for recording drums and other instruments that needed to be picked up by speakers.

There was also a Martin original electric guitar. In layman's terms, it could be understood as a wooden guitar that could be plugged in. This brand of guitar cost at least tens of thousands of yuan. They were really rich.

Zhang Kexuan took Li Mu and the others into the outer room of the recording studio. He said to Li Mu, "Take a look. You can use all the equipment here. If you need other instruments, we can also help."

"Don't bother."

Li Mu thought to himself, "Isn't it just to record Zebra, Zebra for Chen Wan? It's not that troublesome. Such a good wooden guitar, such a good microphone, and such a good tuning equipment are enough."

Therefore, Li Mu said, "I'll just play and sing."

"Amateur."

The drummer curled his lips. "The voice needs to be recorded separately. When you play and sing, the sound of the guitar will also be captured by the microphone, and the effect will be worse."

"You're right."

Li Mu nodded and asked, "It's the same as not using the five negatives. The technical level is not that professional. What's the use of such professional equipment?"

"F * ck …" The drummer was almost angry. Zhang Kexuan hurriedly gave him a look and said to Li Mu, "If you think it's suitable, then it's fine. Come on, let's start."

Li Mu also had the mentality of playing. He connected the guitar to the equipment and adjusted the microphone. Outside, Zhang Kexuan also made an OK gesture. The equipment was all set, and they could start at any time.

Therefore, Li Mu played the prelude of "Zebra Zebra Zebra."

The few guys originally thought that Li Mu could not write any good original songs at his age, but when the simple and melodious prelude was played, their expressions immediately changed. Not to mention the other things, the melody line and the guitar arrangement had a certain level of skill. This kind of skill did not mean that he knew how to play the guitar, but that he had a real foundation in arranging songs.

When Li Mu opened his mouth to sing the first line, Zhang Kexuan only felt that his brain exploded. Although he did not understand why and did not know what the song was about, just Li Mu's slightly hoarse voice with the song's melody and the perfect tone of the Martin guitar was enough to make him marvel.

Chen Wan was already intoxicated from the moment the prelude sounded. When she was in Li Mu's house, his guitar was still a lot inferior. In addition, there was no professional equipment, and the sound field atmosphere was a hundred thousand miles worse than now. After all, this was the top equipment!

Listening to the song like this, the whole person almost melted into the notes.

This song of Li Mu's was finished in one go, and there were no mistakes in his voice and playing. This time, he was very satisfied. He stood up, pushed open the soundproof door, and said to Zhang Kexuan, "I think this should be enough. It's just a small sample, there is no need to strive for perfection."

Zhang Kexuan looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a monster. The drummer … the drummer was already blushing.

Chen Wan felt as if she had just recovered from a different kind of faint sadness. This should be the charm of music. It created an atmosphere, lured you in, and then dug out the similar feelings deep in your heart, making you feel as if you were hollowed out by the song after one song.

Chen Wan, who came back to her senses, clapped her hands excitedly. "The singing is great, really great!"

Zhang Kexuan also felt ashamed. Qin Haodong was only 18 years old, and he was already so good at creating original songs. But he was already 24 years old, and he had not written a complete song yet.

At the thought of this, Zhang Kexuan's heart twitched with pain.

Just a few days ago, he had held back a strong desire to write a song that expressed the dissatisfaction of nationalistic youths with society. It could not be helped. Nowadays, 90% of people who played rock and roll were like this. It was not strange.

The key point was that Zhang Kexuan was just an amateur. He did not understand that most people wrote songs first and then wrote the lyrics, but he did not understand that. So he wanted to write a beautiful, rebellious and critical song first. The song was called "Mom, Please Take Me Home Quickly."

The general idea of the lyrics was: The author had enough of the injustice of society, had enough of the indifference of the world, and hoped that his mother could take him home, away from these dirty things.

But unfortunately, he only wrote two lines of the lyrics, and then he could not force it out. Then Zhang Kexuan's mother happened to see the draft of the lyrics, and angrily scolded, "You still want me to take you home quickly?

You are not home every two or three days, and I can't even find you!

Do you rock and roll players all like to lie with your eyes open? "

Well, it was originally stuck. After being scolded by his mother, he completely gave up.

At this time, Li Mu saw that the four members of the band did not speak, and could not help but ask, "Can you play it for me to hear?"

Zhang Kexuan reacted and quickly said, "Okay, okay, wait."

After listening to the replay, not only were the other five satisfied, but also Li Mu himself was very satisfied. He said to Chen Wan, "Sister Wan, is this OK?"

"Well, it's perfect!" Chen Wan's admiration for Li Mu was more than just worship.

"Okay, let's call it a day. Brother Zhang, please cut it and copy it out. There is no need to do the post-production."