Chapter 995

"Has Han Wei gone crazy?!"

That was Dong Shaoping's first thought when he heard that Han Wei had bought 350 jackets in one go.

Then, Dong Shaoping quickly overturned the thought that had just flashed through his mind.

Impossible. Han Wei was a very steady person, so steady that he was a little too conservative. How could such a person have bought 350 jackets in one go?

That was almost twenty-five thousand yuan!

Dong Shaoping's mind worked very quickly, and he could not help but begin to eliminate the possibility.

First of all, he could eliminate the possibility that the other party was joking with him. Everyone had a very close working relationship with each other. They were very serious about business matters and would never talk nonsense. Moreover, there was no point in talking nonsense about such things. He could just call Dong Shaoping and ask him.

Secondly, he could also eliminate the possibility that Han Wei was deliberately hoarding the goods because the kid was too steady. He was not willing to spend money to stock up a few of the styles that were selling well. He would ask his friend at the clothing factory to get another one if he sold one. Sometimes, he would save up two or three days' worth of orders to get the goods all at once. Therefore, it was impossible for him to stock up more than 300 of the same clothes in one go.

From the looks of it, the only possibility was that Han Wei had sold 350 jackets.

Only if the online store had sold so many jackets would it be possible for Han Wei to have so many goods.

However, if he had really sold more than 300 jackets, Dong Shaoping was even more confused. Since when did Taobao's online store have such a large sales volume?

When it was good, he could only sell a few dozen pieces a week when he made fake brands.

Moreover, an online store had to ensure a certain timeliness. It would not be a big problem if the goods were not delivered for two or three days, but if the goods were not delivered for a week, it would basically kill itself. Therefore, it seemed that Han Wei's more than 300 jackets had definitely been sold in the past few days.

Dong Shaoping did some calculations in his mind. This jacket was also available in his store. It was the same as Han Wei's, selling for 128 yuan. Receiving the goods was 70 yuan, and the postage was paid by the buyer. Therefore, he could earn 58 yuan for one piece of clothing. 350 pieces of clothing, that was more than 20,000 yuan!

Han Wei's online store had earned more than 20,000 yuan in the past few days. This made Dong Shaoping very upset. Although both of them were from the same hometown and had a good relationship on the surface, Dong Shaoping was always secretly competing with Han Wei in his heart.

When they first started working, if Han Wei's salary was higher than Dong Shaoping's, even if it was only a few dozen yuan more, Dong Shaoping would feel very uncomfortable in his heart. He had to think of a way to make up for this small gap. He could either find a part-time job to make up for this small gap, or he could simply look for Han Wei and coax him into treating him to a meal.

Later, Dong Shaoping found some "knack" in the online store business and did a lot better than Han Wei. He earned one or two or even two or three thousand yuan more than Han Wei in a month. This time, Dong Shaoping was finally satisfied in front of Han Wei. However, this sense of superiority did not last for two days. When he turned his head, he found out that Han Wei might have earned more than 20,000 yuan in a few days. How could he accept this?

After hanging up the phone, Dong Shaoping, who felt more uncomfortable as he thought about it, decided to call Han Wei to find out the truth. When the phone was dialed, Han Wei was still busy selling clothes as a customer service customer. In such a short time, he had sold more than a dozen jackets. This made him unbearably excited. The fatigue from pulling an all-nighter had long been swept away.

Dong Shaoping greeted him on the phone and asked, "Little Wei, are you working?"

"No." Han Wei said with a smile, "I didn't go today. I asked for leave."

On the other end of the phone, Han Wei raised his eyebrows. "Aiyo?

You are a miser. You are willing to ask for leave?

In the past, you were famous for not leaving the frontline for minor injuries. You didn't even ask for leave when your fever was only 39 degrees Celsius. What's wrong with you today? "

Han Wei could not hide his excitement and said, "The online store's business is surprisingly good. There are always people coming to buy things, so I won't go today."

Dong Shaoping had recently studied the Internet a little and felt that he was very familiar with it. He said in surprise, "This doesn't make sense. Usually, you only sell a few orders a day. The average traffic is basically the same. How did it suddenly become popular today?

The traffic is not like the stray dogs and cats on the street, running around the streets. "

Han Wei said, "I'm not sure either. Anyway, since 12 o 'clock last night, the business in the shop has been surprisingly good. There have been customers asking me non-stop. I can't handle it alone. And the most unbelievable thing is that I have more than a hundred clothes in the shop, but they don't look at anything else. They're all here for my jacket. Strange, it's really too strange."

After that, Han Wei said very seriously, "Shaoping, you know more. Analyze it for me. What is going on?"

Dong Shaoping frowned and could not help but ask, "Is it that mysterious?

This situation only started at 12 o 'clock last night? "

"It's absolutely true!"

Dong Shaoping hurriedly asked, "Then how many pieces have you sold since 12 o 'clock last night until now?"

Han Wei's thoughts were honest. He subconsciously said, "Up until now, about 370 pieces."

"F * ck!!!!"

Han Wei's words made Dong Shaoping feel as though a thousand arrows had pierced through his heart.

In one night, he had sold 370 pieces?

Didn't that mean that Han Wei had earned more than 20,000 in one night?!

Oh my god!

He was earning money like crazy!

Dong Shaoping was alarmed and anxious. Why was there no movement in his store?

He could not see any movement at all!

Could it be that Han Wei had gotten lucky?

But on second thought, what kind of luck could Han Wei have?

The traffic flow was well-founded. It was understandable if one customer accidentally searched for Han Wei's store, but if hundreds or thousands of people accidentally searched for his store, that would be a little ridiculous.

Could it be that Han Wei had found some source of traffic outside?

Dong Shaoping was furious. He thought to himself, No!

For such an important matter, he had to get to the bottom of it no matter what!

Why should Han Wei be the only one making a fortune? Everyone was in the Taobao business, and the things they sold were about the same. His store's credibility was much higher than yours. If you can sell more than 300 pieces in one night and earn more than 20,000, why can't I?

Thinking of this, Dong Shaoping immediately said, "Wait here. I'll go take a look and help you analyze it!"

Han Wei did not think much of it. He grunted and urged, "Then come quickly. Bring me some food on the way. I'll give you money. If you haven't eaten, buy more. Treat it as my treat."

Dong Shaoping subconsciously blurted out, "I say, Han Wei, you're too stingy. You earned so much in one night, and you're only treating me to breakfast?

Aren't you going to treat me to a big meal? "

Han Wei smiled honestly. "Treat, treat, treat. Of course. Tonight, I'll treat you. Let's go eat seafood casserole!"

"Heh." Dong Shaoping said, "Then you have to prepare some good seafood for me to try."

"Okay, I'll definitely prepare!

I'll treat you to lobster tonight. I haven't eaten that thing before. I've been craving it for a long time. "

…

Ten minutes later, Dong Shaoping, who was carrying two bowls of rice noodle rolls and two cups of soy milk, arrived at Han Wei's rented apartment. When he entered the door, Han Wei's red eyes gave Dong Shaoping a shock.

"Well, look at you. You've earned so much that your eyes are red. Even if you earn more money, you have to take care of your health. That's not how you earn money. Your health is your capital."

Dong Shaoping was jealous, but he still teased him. Then, he waved the eight yuan worth of breakfast in his hand and said, "Ten yuan. It's a total of ten yuan. You said it was your treat."

Han Wei immediately took out a bunch of loose change from his pocket and pulled out a ten-dollar note from the pile and handed it to Dong Shaoping. When Dong Shaoping received it, he did not forget to rub it between his fingers, wanting to see if there were any other notes inside.

At that moment, Dong Shaoping heard the continuous sound of YY messages coming from the broken stereo system of Han Wei's second-hand desktop that he had bought for 1,500 yuan. Taobao had YY embedded in it, so everyone used YY to communicate with their buyers. Therefore, Dong Shaoping was very familiar with this sound.

Such a dense number of message prompts made Dong Shaoping's hair stand on end. He blurted out, "Oh my god, how many people are asking about this?"

Han Wei hurriedly called him over to the computer and said, "Don't mention it. I'm about to die from work. It's still okay before nine o 'clock, but after nine o' clock, there are even more. I'm completely overwhelmed now. Look at the bottom, there are dozens of dialog boxes, all for inquiries."

Dong Shaoping immediately became serious. He stared at the densely packed dialog boxes, swallowed his saliva, and asked Han Wei, "Are all these people asking about the jacket in your shop?"

"Yes!"

Han Wei nodded. "No one is looking at the other products at all. Everyone is coming straight for this jacket. This is too strange."

The observant Dong Shaoping immediately said, "I think you have an external traffic entrance!"

"What traffic entrance?" Han Wei asked, very puzzled.

Dong Shaoping glanced at him from the corner of his eyes, then looked back at the computer and said, "This traffic entrance is like building a road. Our village didn't have a road in the past. How many people from other villages can you see in a year?

Later, after the road was built, there were outsiders passing through the village entrance every day. This road is the traffic entrance. "

Han Wei said with a face full of admiration, "That's why everyone in our village says you're smart. I don't understand what you're saying."

As he said that, Han Wei added, "Oh right, Shaoping, you said that it's a road, but I don't have the ability to build a road for myself. So who built my road?"

"Who knows?"

Dong Shaoping was jealous and envious. With a sour taste in his mouth, he said, "Maybe God was blind when he delivered the delivery and sent the wrong thing to you."

Then, Dong Shaoping added, "Your traffic is ridiculously high. It's definitely not normal. Did you see if the jacket is on the recommended spot on Taobao?"

Han Wei said, "I've searched almost everywhere, but I can't find it."

"That's strange. Then maybe there's a problem with Taobao."

Speaking up to this point, Dong Shaoping sighed and said, "I have this jacket in my shop too. Why can't I get something like this from you …"

Han Wei chuckled. Just as he was about to speak, a notification suddenly popped up at the bottom right corner. "Taobao user 'That Touch of Fragrance' has purchased your 'A Must Have for Handsome Men – Foreign Trade Tail Single Leather Jacket …'. Please click for details …"

Before Han Wei's cursor could move to the bottom right corner, another almost identical message appeared. "Taobao user 'Ming 19800303' has purchased your …"

Just as he was about to click on it, another message popped up. "Taobao user 'Love Me Firewood' has purchased your …"

Dong Shaoping's eyes widened. At this moment, Han Wei said apologetically, "Aiya aiya, I was too busy talking to you and didn't have time to greet the customer. A customer actually placed an order …"

…