Chapter 555

After the charity party, Xiao Fangfang booked a private room with her own money and invited the celebrities, Du Wei, and Li Mu to have a private dinner. People in Hong Kong were good at eating. They had a set of eating habits in the morning, noon, afternoon, evening, and night. At the dinner table, Zhang Guorong was in a good mood and chatted with everyone actively. It seemed that she had not been affected by what had happened tonight.

However, thanks to Li Mu's help, Zu Yaoting's vicious attack was directly turned into a face-slapping show. After Li Mu's interference, people no longer paid attention to what Zu Yaoting had said about Zhang Guorong. In contrast, Li Mu's mocking of Zu Yaoting was more interesting.

As for Zu Yaoting, he had been greatly humiliated tonight. He had brought a knife to hurt others, but he had been stabbed several times. Not only had he failed to humiliate Zhang Guorong, but he had also become the laughing stock of the audience.

At the dinner table, Zhang Xueyou recalled Li Mu's mocking of Zu Yaoting on the stage and couldn't help laughing. "I guess when the media releases their articles tomorrow, Zu Yaoting will become the laughing stock of Hong Kong."

Mo Wenwei said, "Based on Zu Yaoting's character, I'm afraid that the media under his command will try their best to slander him tonight."

After that, Mo Wenwei said to Zhang Guorong, "Brother, from tomorrow on, don't read any media reports related to Zu Yaoting, lest you make trouble for yourself."

Xiao Fangfang also nodded and said, "Leslie, don't argue with people like Zu Yaoting in the future. This kind of person is a vicious dog. You won't get any benefits from arguing with him. Maybe you will be bitten by him."

Zhang Guorong also nodded and said, "Don't worry, Sister Fang. I won't argue with him in the future."

Li Mu suddenly interrupted and asked Zhang Guorong, "Brother, are you busy with work recently?"

Zhang Guorong said, "I'm basically not working now."

Li Mu said, "In that case, why don't you be a student ambassador for 3321 for a while?"

Zhang Guorong asked curiously, "Student ambassador?"

Li Mu nodded and explained, "3321 basically has student aid activities every week. They go deep into the high school campuses of poor areas, and every once in a while, there will be large-scale student aid activities. If you don't have much to do recently, why don't you come and help 3321 with publicity? You can follow our team to various places to help raise 3321's reputation."

Zhang Guorong asked Li Mu, "Do you want to spend most of your time on the mainland?"

Li Mu said, "3321's student aid is continuous. We may have to go to a new place every once in a while, so I hope you can spend some time on the mainland. It will help you relax."

As soon as Li Mu said this, Xiao Fangfang immediately clapped her hands excitedly and said, "That's a good idea, Leslie. There are so many scenic spots and beautiful sceneries in the mainland. It's good to go there and relax. Besides, Li Mu's 3321 Scholarship Fund is very large. At present, it should be the largest among all the scholarships in the mainland plus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. If you are willing to be the Scholarship Ambassador, there will be a lot of benefits for both you and 3321, and the significance is extraordinary. You love to help others, and this time you can help so many poor students, it will definitely make you feel better."

In fact, Zhang Guorong originally didn't want to accept Li Mu's invitation. The main reason was that his relationship with Mr. Tang had been a little subtle and tense recently. He didn't want to leave at this time, but after hearing Xiao Fangfang's words, he was also a little tempted.

Hong Kong was too small, and he was a famous local star. In addition, he had a lot of negative news recently, so he almost couldn't breathe in Hong Kong. He was chased by paparazzi all day long, and even going out for a walk had become an extravagant hope. Instead of that, it was better to take this opportunity to leave Hong Kong for a while and go to the mainland to do something more meaningful. If there was a worry that was difficult to resolve, he would try to divert his energy.

So, Zhang Guorong asked Li Mu, "Is 3321 in Yanjing?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes."

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "Actually, I prefer Shanghai. If I choose to live in Shanghai, it won't affect me too much, right?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Of course it won't affect you. You can bring two or three assistants with you. If there are activities, you can complete them with our staff. In other times, you can have a good time on the mainland. Take it as a holiday."

Zhang Guorong immediately nodded and said, "Okay, I need some time to deal with things in Hong Kong. If it goes well, it should be done in two weeks. When the time comes, I will go to Yanjing first and visit your 3321. I can also visit some old friends on the way."

…

Makino Technology and Taobao had a lot of things to do, and the real estate project had started. Li Mu was destined to have no time to stay in Hong Kong, but Zhang Guorong liked Du Wei very much. She even wanted to introduce Du Wei to meet some of Hong Kong's top music producers. This was a great opportunity for her, and she naturally couldn't miss it. So, after Li Mu went to the room, he called Dufy with the hotel phone and told her about the matter.

When Dufy heard that Zhang Guorong thought highly of her sister, she was naturally happy. When Li Mu said that he couldn't stay in Hong Kong with her, Dufy didn't care. She said that Du Wei was very familiar with Hong Kong, and her company had a branch in Hong Kong. If Du Wei needed help, she could find it at any time.

In this case, Li Mu didn't worry anymore. The next morning, he said goodbye to Du Wei and left the hotel alone for the airport. Li Mu also asked the network reporters who followed him to follow him to shoot some tidbits of the meeting between Du Wei, Zhang Guorong, Mo Wenwei, and some other well-known Hong Kong producers. Then, they would send the tidbits back to the company in time and let them keep pushing it on YY and Du Wei's personal Tieba.

Xiao Fangfang arranged a business car to send Li Mu to the airport. Li Mu bought two iPods in the duty-free shop at the airport and planned to give them to Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran. Although his Mango-ME was also very popular now, it was mainly cheap and couldn't be compared with iPods.

Originally, he also wanted to buy one for Zhao Ziqiu. But on second thought, Zhao Ziqiu already had one, so Li Mu had to give it up. He strolled around the airport and bought a classic black and white dress for her in Chanel.

Because he was in the first class, Li Mu boarded the plane early. After he sat down, the stewardess in the first class had already come out with the latest newspapers and magazines and asked Li Mu if he wanted to read them before the passengers in the economy class began to register.

Li Mu looked at the magazines and found that they were basically the weekly magazines that had just been published last weekend, but the newspapers were today. So, Li Mu asked her for a copy of all the different newspapers and then browsed through them in his seat.

Li Mu's focus was basically on the entertainment section. According to the newspaper's timeliness, it was not difficult for the incident that happened at eight or nine o 'clock last night to appear in the newspaper this morning. It could even be said that it was the basic quality of the newspaper's timeliness. After flipping through it a little, Li Mu found the report about yesterday's Children's Protection Foundation Charity Gala.

Li Mu read several newspaper reports about last night's incident in succession. The description of the incident was basically fair and objective, but these media outlets were not very clear about Li Mu's identity. Some referred to him as a "mainland guest," and some simply referred to him as a "live guest." However, the description of Li Mu, the "mainland guest," was very positive. Some said that he stepped forward bravely, and some said that he pulled out a knife to help. As for Zu Yaoting, the media was not so friendly. They directly used Zu Yaoting's full name in the report and criticized his actions last night. It was obvious that this kind of newspaper had a close relationship with Zu Yaoting.

Only a newspaper called Newport News had a very different tone from the other newspapers. This newspaper accused and ridiculed Zhang Guorong's private life, and even fabricated an anonymous report from an insider in the industry, saying that Zhang Guorong had slept with several young actors in the industry, and described Zhang Guorong in an extremely unsightly manner.

Li Mu thought about what happened yesterday, and he secretly thought that if he hadn't come forward and stirred things up yesterday, most of the reports would not have been as positive and objective as what he had just seen. Moreover, they would not have condemned Zu Yaoting directly. Instead, they would have made a big fuss about what Zu Yaoting said on stage yesterday. Even if it wasn't obviously against Zhang Guorong, it would still cause great harm to him. A newspaper like Newport News would not show any mercy. When that happened, Zhang Guorong would definitely be caught in a new whirlpool of public opinion.

Li Mu was aware of the far-reaching impact the media had on the entertainment industry. A few reports from popular media could either make a person famous or ruin his reputation, or even kill him without leaving a trace. If the YY portal really became the world's largest Chinese portal in the future, wouldn't half of the stars in the entertainment industry be in his hands?

At the thought of portal, Li Mu couldn't help but think of Hao123. He had to acquire it as soon as possible to pave the way for the follow-up portal plan. Whether all these goals could be achieved depended on Li Xingping's psychological endurance. In his previous life, he could be considered the number one personal webmaster in Hua Xia, and was once the idol of countless webmasters. He was in the limelight for a period of time, but now, he was probably still suffering under the powerful attack of Makino Technology's YY123. If he could hold on a little longer, to not affect the portal plan, Li Mu would definitely take the initiative to lower his status and acquire it. When that happened, he might have to fork out tens of millions of extra funds. If he could not hold on and was defeated first, then the price of the entire Hao123 would not be more than 15 million RMB.

Li Mu's thinking kept expanding. He wanted to acquire Hao123, expand his portal, and become the number one online media in the country and even the entire Chinese world. If he could make the Makino Image bigger and stronger, and sign a batch of famous singers, actors, and directors, then he would really become the godfather of the entertainment industry.

The godfather of the entertainment industry in his twenties had never appeared in the long history of the entertainment industry. Thinking about it, Li Mu was looking forward to it.