Chapter 885

Lei Jianguo had been in the internet industry for so many years, and he has more connections than Li Mu.

In just half a morning and an afternoon, Cult Leader Lei had obtained a lot of relatively reliable information in a roundabout way.

First, Boss Ma had started to register Hangzhou Le Tao Technology Co., Ltd. In the documents submitted to the Ministry of Industry and Commerce, Dangdang and "Amazon Hua Xia Co., Ltd." are shareholders. The company's registered capital is 10 million USD, and the registered legal person is an unknown name.

Since they had started to register their companies, it means that these 3 companies had signed the agreement. Amazon might even have started to pay Dangdang in cash. Dangdang had also started to change its registration, and Dangdang's registered company will soon become a subsidiary of Hangzhou Le Tao.

It seems like the alliance between the three companies is set in stone. Although the three companies had not announced it to the public, Li Mu knew that these three companies are working together to fight against Taobao.

To these three companies, Taobao had taken over half of Hua Xia's e-commerce market. If they were to fight one-on-one, none of them is a match for Li Mu. Dangdang is useless and will lose in the first round. Although Le Tao has SoftBank as its backing, its chances of winning against Taobao are slim. Amazon might be powerful, but it will not be able to win against Taobao. In Hua Xia, if Feng Yu does not find one or two lackeys to lead the way, he will not have the chance to win.

That's why these three companies have the same goal and interest. They want to get a bigger share of Hua Xia's e-commerce market. That's why they must work together to get rid of Taobao.

As the saying goes, three heads are better than Zhuge Liang. Now, there is one head, one Hua Xia's tycoon in the internet industry, and one overseas's tycoon. These three companies are working together, and they are a huge threat to Li Mu.

Other than the matter of the industrial and commercial registration being confirmed, Cult Master Lei also found out about Le Tao's next major move.

The feedback was that Boss Ma's LeTao.com was going to be launched this month, and it would be accompanied by a huge promotion.

'Extremely huge' was exactly what Hierarch Lei had told him from the source of the information. It sounded rather intimidating.

As for the specifics of the promotional activities and the rules of the activities, Cult Leader Lei had also gotten a rough idea through some well-informed people in the industry.

… …

"Manager Lei, you are saying that Boss Ma's first big move after Le Tao's launch is a daily necessities?"

Li Mu looked at Lei Jianguo in surprise. Lei Jianguo told him that Boss Ma is planning a promotion for daily necessities as Le Tao's first launch.

Cult Master Lei nodded with a stern expression. "From the information we received, that is indeed the case."

On the one hand, Li Mu was surprised by Boss Ma's sharp foresight. Boss Ma's first target was the daily necessities, which was a decision made after he had seen through the current situation of the domestic e-commerce industry. On the other hand, Li Mu and Boss Ma had played games in the dark many times, but they had never had a real face-to-face confrontation. Coincidentally, this time, Boss Ma's activity was going to collide with Taobao's promotion. Didn't this mean that Le Taobao, Taobao, and Le Taobao, who had just formed an army, would immediately have a head-on war with him?

Li Mu was happy when he thought of this!

His previous worries were mostly gone.

Seeing Li Mu's happy face, Lei Jianguo couldn't help but ask him, "Li Zong, do you think this is a good thing for Taobao?"

Li Mu said excitedly, "Of course it's a good thing. If they happened to miss our entry point, it would be a bad thing. We have put all our energy into promoting the promotion. We don't have the time to fight a war against them. In the end, they came to us on their own initiative."

Lei Jianguo said, "That's true. But I'm worried that Le Tao has two big capitals behind them. If they go against us, we may not be able to suppress them."

As he said this, Lei Jianguo reminded him, "I heard that they are still planning for media publicity. When the time comes, there will probably be a wave of publicity."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. We have YY, so we can get twice the results with half the effort. But they don't have their own publicity channels, so they will only get half the results with twice the effort. So we are not afraid of them doing publicity. The main thing is to see how they carry out their promotional activities."

Lei Jianguo said, "I can't find out the specific details. This should be a core secret."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Actually, there is no need to be so clear. There is one thing I am sure of."

Lei Jianguo saw that Li Mu was halfway through his sentence, so he couldn't help but ask him, "Li Zong, what do you want to say?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I am sure that no matter how big Boss Ma's promotion is, it will not be as big as our promotional activities!"

As he said this, Li Mu said seriously, "You were also in the meeting, CEO Lei. You should be very clear about the intensity of our promotion. There is no falsehood at all. It is all for the consumers. I believe that with Boss Ma's style, he will definitely not give the consumers too much benefit. He will definitely play tricks and change the beam. Not only will we have a bigger benefit, but we will also have a better platform, reputation, user and traffic advantage, and even a supplier advantage. What does he have?

He just wants to do some publicity, and we will not lose to him in publicity. Under such circumstances, as long as he dares to publicize, we will immediately slap him in the face. "

Lei Jianguo thought for a moment and suddenly had an idea. He said, "If that's the case, then we have to prepare for the launch of the promotion at any time. But we will not release it. Once Le Tao launches the promotion, we will immediately follow up!

We will catch him off guard! "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's do that!

CEO Lei, you have to lead the team to prepare in advance. At the same time, you have to be on guard. Don't leak the news in advance. It's best if you can release some smoke bombs to divert their attention. "

Lei Jianguo said, "How about this? Now that 'Internet Into Home' is so popular in the three provinces and two cities, we will use YY to promote a soft article. The soft article will start from 'Internet Into Home' and then promote Taobao and Shenzhou. Finally, we will use internal information to release a message: 'Taobao is very likely to be planning a big promotion for Shenzhou computers. I believe that as long as we do it well, our peers will not suspect anything. After all, Taobao and Shenzhou are both in our system. Moreover, it is also the warm-up period for' Internet Into Home '. It is reasonable for us to plan a computer promotion."

Li Mu clapped his hands and said, "OK, let's do it this way!

The more realistic we act, the better. When they go online, we will immediately promote our event and directly beat them up! "

Lei Jianguo suddenly had an idea and said, "I have an idea, but this idea might not be very kind …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "CEO Lei, if you have any good ideas, just say them. You don't have to think about whether it's kind or not!

Being kind to the enemy is being unkind to yourself! "

Lei Jianguo nodded slightly, smiled and said, "Look, Li Zong, the 'Taobao' brand is ours, and it has been promoted very well by us. These two words are not simple. I thought about it carefully. It is not as simple as the name of a website platform. It also represents a kind of behavior of consumers. It makes people subconsciously feel that online shopping is actually at Taobao. At the same time, it also highlights the extraordinary nature of online shopping.

"Precisely because this name has multiple meanings, our brand name has extraordinary influence in front of consumers all over the country. At this time, Boss Ma's side went online with 'Le Tao' deliberately with the word 'Taobao'. Just by listening to this name, one can feel that it is full of plagiarism style."

Li Mu nodded. This was the truth. The name Taobao was really a very good choice for e-commerce. After Taobao had established its foundation, if other platforms still used the word 'Taobao', it was basically equivalent to labeling themselves as imitating and plagiarizing.

At this time, Lei Jianguo said, "It is precisely because everyone has a preconceived impression of Taobao that as long as Boss Ma promotes Le Tao, it is equivalent to promoting Taobao. Because when consumers hear the two words' Le Tao ', they will definitely think of Taobao. They will definitely guess what kind of relationship this website has with Taobao."

Li Mu agreed and said, "I think it is very reasonable. If Boss Ma promotes Le Tao, then he will definitely give a part of his advertising effect to us."

Lei Jianguo said, "After saying so much, my unkind trick is actually to find someone to record the advertisement in advance and make a small inducement in the advertising message. We will secretly cheat Le Tao."

As he said this, Lei Jianguo smiled. With a sly look on his face, he said, "Li Zong, since you have so many celebrities, you can just find a group of celebrities and ask them to record a few special slogans for us. For example, 'If you buy online, go to Taobao — — Happy Tao Tianxia, all in Taobao!'

This slogan first emphasized 'Taobao' at the beginning, then deliberately mentioned the word 'Le Tao' in the advertising message. This would definitely give a strong psychological hint to the audience who had seen the Le Tao advertisement. What is Le Tao?

Isn't it just Taobao?

As long as our psychological hint succeeds, then Le Tao's advertisement will basically be in vain. Not only will it be in vain, but it is also equivalent to giving us an assist in disguise! "