Chapter 1099

Before the reporters were allowed in, Liu Shixiong parked the electric scooter and brought Li Mu into the sorting factory. The first automatic sorting system purchased by Taobao Logistics from Berman, Germany, was installed here.

The huge sorting system took up almost half of the factory. The machine had just been installed, and it still exuded a strong smell of industrial lubricants and rubber, most of which came from various bearings and a complete set of conveyor belts.

The shiny paint of the whole machine made Li Mu's blood boil faintly after seeing it.

He was the son of a worker, and he grew up in the coal mine. It was not uncommon to see similar large machines in the coal mine, especially the belt conveyor for coal bunker transportation, which continuously transported black coal 24 hours a day. It made people inexplicably excited. Li Mu could not help but imagine how this sorting system would look like when it was operating at full power. Parcels sent to all the distribution centers in the country would be quickly sorted, delivered, and collected here, and then quickly ready to go to the next destination. Just thinking about it gave him a sense of accomplishment.

In this era where the purchasing power of RMB was still very strong, the unit price of tens of millions of RMB was really extremely terrifying. There were many domestic private express delivery companies and regional logistics companies, but there were only a few companies whose actual assets could match up to this sorting system.

However, this sorting system was installed by Taobao Logistics in one go, and this was just the beginning.

In the future, Li Mu's goal was to build at least 12 logistics distribution centers in the country, and each distribution center must be equipped with at least two sets of Berman's automatic sorting systems, which was the standard configuration of a distribution center.

In addition, in the future, when Taobao's self-operated business gradually increased, he would also start to find manufacturers like Berman to solve the problem of automated high-level storage. At that time, the storage capacity and the efficiency of entering and exiting the warehouse would be greatly improved. This was also the solution used by Jingdong's self-operated warehouse in the future.

People who came from a technical background would never reject the upgrade of production tools.

For example, even if Li Mu had no money in his previous life, the computers and hardware he used were not mediocre. His desktop was always a dual screen, and it used the current high-end configuration on the market. His laptop had always been using the latest Apple products, especially the Apple laptop. For every technical staff, it was an indispensable high-efficiency production tool.

Even the keyboard, Li Mu did not dare to be careless. Except for mobile work, he used a mechanical keyboard the rest of the time. The feedback of the strength of his fingertips made his work more efficient.

Because of this, Li Mu spent a lot of effort on the automatic system in this era where labor was extremely cheap in Hua Xia.

The sorting center originally used belt machines and manual sorting, which was time-consuming and laborious. Today, after the automatic sorting system was put into use, the manpower could be reduced by 70%. The efficiency would also be greatly improved, and the error rate would also be greatly reduced. It would play a vital role in Taobao's future leading position in the country.

After looking at the Berman automatic sorting system, Liu Shixiong took Li Mu to the temporary warehouse and indoor loading factory next door. In this huge factory, half of the area was a high platform about one meter high, which was used to neatly stack the packed express parcels. On the other side, ten imported Benz container heavy trucks were parked side by side.

Liu Shixiong pointed at the row of powerful Benz heavy trucks and said, "At present, all our long-distance heavy trucks are imported trailers. I have to say that this is very far-sighted. Our trailers have never had any problems on the road. Occasionally, it was the trailer or the tires that broke down."

Li Mu said, "Isn't Scania also quite reliable? What about our Scania trailers?"

Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "Scania is on the shore of Jin City. The nearby trailers belong to the north."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The next step is to continue to order heavy trailers from these manufacturers. We now have comprehensive preferential policies for import taxes. Take this opportunity to build our land transportation network first."

Liu Shixiong said, "We have invested a lot in logistics. Basically, it's all made up from Taobao, but it's not good to keep using this money. Do you think our Taobao will also bring in a round of financing like Makino Technology?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "We will definitely talk about financing, and it won't take too long, but it can't be now."

Li Mu was now playing a big game around SARS. At that time, while helping the government solve the SARS problem, it would also be a good opportunity for Taobao and Taobao Logistics to develop rapidly. A few months would be enough to bring about a qualitative improvement to Taobao and Taobao Logistics. At that time, they could take advantage of this wave of growth to do financing.

When Liu Shixiong heard Li Mu say that it wouldn't take too long, it was as if he had eaten a tranquilizer. He knew Li Mu very well. In his eyes, Li Mu was simply a midfield master on the football field. His control of the rhythm was simply perfect. Since he already had a plan, then it would be completely according to his plan.

The automatic sorting machine just now and the ten Benz heavy trucks in front of him waiting to be loaded made Li Mu's heart full of pride. Right now, Taobao Logistics was already the largest private express delivery company in the country. It relied on the perfect combination of money, resources, and strategy. The next step was to take the initiative to launch an attack on the national express delivery market and gradually beat down all the competitors.

The first thing that came to Li Mu's mind was Shunfeng.

In his previous life, Shunfeng had grown into a behemoth with a market value of more than 200 billion RMB. However, compared to the international express delivery giants, there was still a huge gap. Li Mu's Taobao Express had already completely surpassed Shunfeng in terms of scale. Moreover, he had the support of the entire Taobao system. In the future, his development speed would definitely be much faster than Shunfeng's. If Taobao Express developed rapidly, it wouldn't be long before he could build his own fleet and embark on the path of a high-level player.

However, Shunfeng was still a threat.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said to Liu Shixiong, "Senior Brother, Guangdong Province, especially the area around Guangfo, Guan, and Shenzhen, will definitely be the most important place in the express delivery industry in the future. We must firmly grasp this market in our hands and not give any competitors an opportunity to take advantage of us. Even if we lose money, we must use our advantage in price, speed, safety, and information technology to completely drive the other competitors in this area to the third or even fifth echelon."

Liu Shixiong subconsciously asked, "Then what about the second echelon?"

"There is no second echelon."

Li Mu said resolutely and decisively, "What we want is to be at least one level ahead of all the competitors, so that no one can catch up to our shadow!"

…

After Li Mu had a look around in advance, Liu Shixiong's assistant ran over to inform him that it was almost time for the media to enter the venue. The media had to come in early to reserve seats and adjust the equipment. At that time, the venue would definitely be chaotic.

Liu Shixiong then called Li Mu to the temporary office area outside to take a break. When the media was almost ready and the time was almost right, they would officially enter the venue.

Liu Shixiong's office in Shenzhen for the past few days was in a makeshift office behind a few factories.

The makeshift office was cold in the winter and hot in the summer. It was also humid and the conditions were relatively harsh. However, Liu Shixiong never got tired of staying here. On the office desk, there was still a photo of him and his girlfriend.

When Li Mu saw the photo, he teased him and asked, "Senior, when are you getting married to Sister Jing?"

Liu Shixiong smiled slightly. "She did mention this before. I also want to get married, but now I still want to focus on my career first. Getting married takes too much time and energy."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You can get your marriage certificate first."

Liu Shixiong nodded. "We have talked about this topic before. If there are no accidents, we will get our marriage certificate first in May next year."

"May?" Li Mu asked him, "Do you want to be stuck at 520 or 521?"

"Yes." Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "That's what she means. She wants to have a better life."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good. It's memorable!"

Although he said that, Li Mu was thinking in his heart, Liu Shixiong, for the sake of your wisdom, you should get married quickly. Don't wait until that girl grows up. An internet celebrity with tens of billions of net worth finding an internet celebrity as his wife is really degrading. I am urging you to get married for your own good. After all, your current girlfriend is quite compatible with you. Moreover, she can really help and support you on the road of your life. This is the best for you.

Taking ten thousand steps back, if the two of you really have the chance to meet each other in the future, and you really have feelings for her, just keep her outside. Everyone loves beauty. As your Junior Brother, not only do I understand, but I also approve of your decision.

At this moment, in the sorting factory, hundreds of media reporters had already swarmed in.

The huge and spectacular automatic sorting equipment shocked most of the reporters. In this day and age, the automation of domestic enterprises had not really started. When the reporters saw such a domineering automatic sorting system, it was like seeing an automated production workshop full of robot arms in foreign countries.

The whole sorting system had very eye-catching logos in many places, which said "BEUMER-Machinery", which was Berman Machinery. From the hardware logos to the software system, there was no Chinese at all. This made Li Mu a little unhappy, but there was no other way. For Berman, they did not regard Hua Xia as a potential market for this set of products. If they regarded Hua Xia as a potential market, it would only make sense if they translated a set of Chinese operating system.