Chapter 568

Xie Yun knew very well that if the Makino Technology was like a bolt of lightning to her husband, then the content after that was simply a thunderstorm.

He had only looked at the Makino Technology, and he had been dealt such a blow. Not only did Xie Yun not feel sorry for him, but she was also looking forward to his expression after he finished reading the rest of the content. She believed that it would be very interesting.

Zhao Xianliang's life had been too smooth in the past few years, and the arrogance in his bones had become heavier and heavier. This was not a good thing for him. Xie Yun could see it very clearly, so she felt that although Li Mu's information would be a blow to him, it would also make him more down-to-earth.

Zhao Xianliang turned the page in despair. The content on the next page talked about Alipay. Alipay was a payment channel born from 3321. Now, it had become the largest online payment channel in the country. The number of users and transaction volume had even exceeded the online banking services of major banks. It was connected to many game companies, including Shanda and Storm Entertainment, Taobao, and other third-party businesses. Its future development was full of imagination.

Before this, Zhao Xianliang did not know that Alipay had such a large market. This page was not considered thorough, but it was relatively objective. It allowed him to see the grand blueprint of Alipay for the first time. Not to mention other things, Alipay had now become the online wallet of domestic Internet users. How helpful it would be to the future development of Zhao Xianliang was very clear in his heart.

Zhao Xianliang did not know how much Alipay was valued, but based on the current conservative daily revenue estimate, it should be more than ten million yuan, and it was still in a state of rapid growth. If the total annual revenue of Alipay was calculated using 365 days as a time node, then it would not be as simple as ten million yuan multiplied by 365 days. Considering that there was a constant growth factor, if Alipay's current daily revenue was ten million yuan, then its annual average daily revenue would not be less than thirty million yuan, which would be ten billion yuan a year.

This amount was not outrageous. When Taobao was online, it already had a considerable foundation. Under the stimulation of Mango-ME, its development was booming, and all the sales of Taobao would be the transaction revenue of Alipay. 3321's business was spread all over the country, and every cent of payment had to be realized through Alipay. This did not include the game companies that Alipay had access to. Now, "Miracle MU" and "Hot-blooded Legend" were super online games with monthly revenue of more than 100 million yuan, and Alipay accounted for more than half of the transaction volume, so it was very easy for Alipay to have a revenue of more than 10 billion yuan a year.

After reading the introduction of Alipay, Zhao Xianliang felt a little breathless. At present, no investment bank had done a valuation for Alipay, but in Zhao Xianliang's opinion, if it could achieve a revenue of ten billion yuan a year, Alipay's valuation would at least start at a few hundred million yuan. And Li Mu was the only shareholder of Alipay, holding 100% of the shares of Alipay …

Zhao Xianliang wiped the sweat on his forehead and asked Xie Yun with some uncertainty, "Is Alipay really that powerful?"

Xie Yun spread out her hands and said, "I don't know much about it either. Continue reading."

"Okay."

Zhao Xianliang took a few deep breaths and said, "Let me see what else I don't know about this kid."

The next page was about Easy Listening Technology.

Easy Listening Technology was established on the basis of Easy Listening Network. After Li Mu split up Easy Listening Network, Easy Listening Technology's equity had also changed. Baidu held 30%, Song Liang held 3.8%, and the rest was all Li Mu's. Therefore, Li Mu was still the major shareholder of Easy Listening Technology.

The current industry valuation of Easy Listening Technology was between three to four hundred million yuan. However, there was definite news from the industry that Baidu had wanted to increase its stake in Easy Listening Network at a valuation of five hundred million yuan, but Li Mu had rejected it. The industry valuation was less than four hundred million yuan, but Baidu was willing to give five hundred million yuan. This proved that Baidu's demand for Easy Listening Technology was very strong. The reason why Li Mu had rejected it was definitely because he wanted to raise the price a little more. Therefore, in summary, Easy Listening Network's valuation should be at least five hundred million yuan.

After reading this page, Zhao Xianliang subconsciously covered his face with one hand. Li Mu had given him enough shock, so much that he was now extremely regretful for what he had just said. Fortunately, only his wife had heard what he had said. Otherwise, if it were to spread, he would lose his face.

After a moment of silence, Zhao Xianliang raised his head and continued reading.

Further down was Storm Entertainment. Storm Entertainment's shareholding structure was very simple. Li Mu had pulled Zhao Kang to become a shareholder. He himself held the shares, and with the disguised shares he held through Makino Technology, the total shares were close to 80%. The speed at which this company was making money was not making money, but printing money. Just by relying on the game "Miracle Mu," Storm Entertainment's monthly revenue had reached an astonishing level of one hundred million yuan. Although the net profit had not been found out, it had to be calculated in the tens of millions …

Zhao Xianliang frowned for a while, and then frowned for a while. After reading Storm Entertainment, he could not wait to tear all the documents in his hands into pieces.

However, the document was not over yet. He had to continue reading.

"Makino Image …"

Zhao Xianliang was afraid that this was another company that he had never heard of, but it was extremely large inside. However, after reading it carefully, he breathed a sigh of relief. Makino Image did not have much income at the moment. It was just that "Old Boys" earned a little sponsorship, and the rebroadcast earned a little copyright fee from Xiangnan Satellite TV.

Just as he breathed a sigh of relief, another company immediately followed and raised his heart again.

Taobao!

Legal person: Liu Xiaodong, capital contribution and equity structure: Liu Xiaodong 20%, Li Mu 80% …

Taobao's reputation was also like the sun at high noon recently. Zhao Xianliang had also heard of it. Such a newly established company, although it had not yet been seriously evaluated by investment banks, its speed of development also showed its potential value from the side. In the future, it was afraid that it would rise like a rocket …

When Zhao Xianliang saw this, his eyes darkened. Like a child throwing a tantrum, he threw all the documents in his hand to the ground, covered his face with both hands and said, "I don't want to see it anymore. This kid is a complete monster. It makes my liver hurt!"

Xie Yun said with a smile, "There are two companies related to him that you haven't seen yet."

"I don't want to see it anymore."

Zhao Xianliang still covered his face and said with a little shame in his voice, "I take back what I said just now. Li Mu is a monster. I'm convinced!"

Xie Yun deliberately teased, "In fact, you are right. The foundation of Li Mu's family is indeed a little insufficient."

Zhao Xianliang knew that he had lost face in front of his wife today. Previously, he had scolded Li Mu, but in the end, the information that he hired people to investigate was a slap in his face. Now that his wife was still teasing him, he could only admit defeat and said, "I take back what I said just now. It's my fault. In fact, among us, your family is the only scholarly one. My parents didn't go to university either."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "Speaking of retirement, you said before that you were afraid that Li Mu would take advantage of our family, so you will retire as soon as Ziqiu graduates. But you also said before that you should work hard to make money so that your daughter will not be looked down upon by the man in the future. Now we can be sure that Li Mu really doesn't need to take advantage of our family. As for you, with the speed at which Li Mu makes money, once he transparent and capitalizes his industry and puts it on the capital market, his net worth will immediately become clear. I estimate that even if he doesn't have 10 billion yuan, he will be the richest man in the mainland next year. And I'm afraid that the speed at which his assets are expanding is something that you can't catch up with no matter what. I'm really afraid that you won't be able to retire when you are 80 years old."

In this year's rich list, there were still a lot of fake rich people. On one hand, a considerable number of real rich people in the mainland never appeared on the major lists. Even those who appeared on the list had various problems such as opaque industries and unclear valuation. In 2001, the richest man in the mainland was worth less than 10 billion yuan. Maybe next year, Li Mu would really be on the rich list and take the title of the richest man in the mainland.

As for Zhao Xianliang himself, he was in the steel and energy business, and his total net worth was more than 10 billion yuan. But there were all kinds of complicated relationships in this industry, so it was impossible for him to be on the rich list. But with so many companies and industries piled up, the scale of Li Mu's wealth was probably similar to his.

This was the point that made Zhao Xianliang collapse the most. Li Mu was only 20 years old. In a year, he tossed around a few Internet companies, and his net worth was already comparable to Zhao Xianliang's. Zhao Xianliang, on the other hand, had used at least 20 years of accumulation to get to where he was today. This was a huge blow to him. He was in a state of serious setback and couldn't recover.

If Li Mu's development speed continued, maybe he would already surpass him next year. If he really wanted to fulfill the ambition that he had promised before and not let his daughter be looked down by the man in the future, he had to work hard to catch up. But with Li Mu's speed, how could he catch up?

If he kept growing so fast, he might not be able to catch up with him even if he worked for another 80 years, let alone retire at 80 years old!

This was the terrible thing about the Internet. As long as people were connected to the Internet, they would instantly face tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of users. As long as the product was done well, it was possible to build a huge Internet empire overnight. Li Mu was an Internet industry reborn. He worked hard and fought on many fronts, but he only made a few billion yuan in a year. Think about Instagram, which was sold to Facebook for 1 billion US dollars in less than two years. This speed was not much slower than Li Mu's.

Seeing that Zhao Xianliang didn't speak, Xie Yun couldn't help but ask again, "Honey, do you think you can retire at 80 years old?"

Zhao Xianliang covered his face and muttered, "I'm afraid I won't live to 80 years old."

After that, he sighed deeply and said dejectedly, "It's all my fault. I'm so blind and arrogant. I take back what I said before. A hero doesn't need to ask where he came from. I'm convinced by Li Mu, okay?"