Chapter 1110

Li Mu was savoring the oak aroma of the whiskey, while Wei Lan was drinking a glass of Long Island Iced Tea with relish.

At this moment, Wei Lan was in a good mood.

In the past few days in Shenzhen, no matter psychologically or spatially, the pressure brought to her was simply indescribable. The night before she left, it finally disappeared with this glass of Long Island Iced Tea.

She was very happy to be with Li Mu in private, and Li Mu's promise to write a song for her made her even more excited.

The environment of the bar was just right. Whether it was the environment, atmosphere, lighting, or music, in Wei Lan's eyes, they were all perfect.

The bar they chose was relatively quiet. It was a quiet bar with a light and casual style. The music was not loud, the customers were not noisy, and the lights were dim and hazy. Not only did it let down the unnecessary guard between the lovers, but it also added a bit of atmosphere.

Wei Lan didn't put on makeup when she went out, so she kept thanking the light effects of the bar. If the lights were brighter, when she faced Li Mu, she would definitely show her timidity, for fear that his impression of her would be discounted.

Under such lights, even if her cheeks were hot from embarrassment, she didn't worry that Li Mu would see through her. Sometimes, she didn't worry that Li Mu would notice her uncontrollable look of love in her eyes. This feeling was really relaxing and wonderful.

As they chatted, it was time for the bar to perform. A bar singer sat on the small but exquisite stage with an electric guitar in his arms. Holding the guitar, he said in a low voice, "Thank you for coming, everyone. The first song I bring to you is Mu's' Zebra, Zebra '…"

His opening speech attracted the attention of the whole bar. Wei Lan didn't look at the resident singer. Instead, she said to Li Mu excitedly, "He actually wants to sing your song!"

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders. "This song has been sung too many times by guitar lovers."

For most guitar enthusiasts, folk songs were one of their eternal favorites. When Song Dongye first became popular, there were people playing and singing "Miss Dong" in every piano shop. After Zhao Lei became popular, the resident singers in every bar would play "Chengdu". There was also Li Zhi's "Together with You". Added together, they were the three golden songs played by artsy youths.

Wei Lan said, "I've heard a lot of cover versions online, but none of them are as good as yours."

Li Mu smiled. "Singing folk songs has never been a test of one's singing skills, but of one's ability to show off."

Wei Lan did not quite understand what Li Mu meant. Just as she was about to ask, the resident singer finished playing the prelude and began to sing.

The singer's voice was deep and his singing was not bad, but it gave Li Mu the feeling that the singer deliberately wanted to perform his voice in such a low way, so it sounded a bit deliberate.

After listening to a few words, Wei Lan couldn't help but shake her head and say, "His singing is far worse than yours."

Li Mu smiled and said nothing. Wei Lan held the Long Island Iced Tea and said to Li Mu, "Come on, cheers."

Li Mu looked at her half-empty glass and asked with a smile, "Can you finish it?"

Wei Lan pouted at Li Mu and said, "I'm asking you to finish your glass."

Li Mu had no choice but to nod and smile. "Then let's drink it."

Li Mu raised his head and finished his glass. Wei Lan also drank more than half of hers in one gulp.

Although the Long Island Iced Tea tasted like a soft drink, its alcohol content was actually not low. It was one of the cocktail series that didn't feel much when drunk, but had a strong aftertaste. Li Mu was afraid that she would drink too much, so he told her, "Don't drink so fast. You just have one glass tonight, in case you drink too much and can't catch your flight tomorrow morning."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I can hold my liquor pretty well. After all, I'm someone who has been in the business world for a while. Even if I don't have the capacity, I can still hold it."

Li Mu nodded. "Keep it under control. Don't get drunk."

"Don't worry."

Wei Lan wasn't trying to get drunk. She just felt happy, and drinking made her feel even happier.

The singer sang a few more folk songs and then ended this stage of the performance. He said into the microphone, "If any friend wants to request a song or needs a guitar accompaniment, feel free to look for me. Our fee for requesting songs and accompaniment is 20 yuan per song."

When Wei Lan heard this, she couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "What if there's a song he doesn't know how to play?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Bar singers play a lot, sing a lot, and memorize a lot. As long as you know how to sing and have heard it before, you can basically play the accompaniment."

"That good?" Wei Lan said in surprise, "Doesn't that mean you have to memorize a lot of scores?"

Li Mu explained, "Bar singers memorize the function scores. For example, Beyond's' I Really Love You. 'They only need to remember seven numbers in their head."

"Huh?" Wei Lan looked at Li Mu in disbelief and asked him, "Which seven numbers do you need to remember?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "1564151."

"1564151?" Wei Lan frowned. "That's more like a phone number. What does it have to do with scores?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "You can think of it as a shorthand method. In fact, this number is used to remember the chords. Each number represents the corresponding level of the chord. If it's a song in the key of C, 1 corresponds to the C chord. If the C chord is a first degree chord, the fifth degree chord is G, the sixth degree is Am, and the fourth degree is F. So as long as you play the corresponding chord according to the numbers just now, the accompaniment of the song will come out."

"That's amazing!"

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with a face full of admiration and couldn't help but ask, "Why do you look like you know everything?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's a saying, 'Live long and see'. Do you understand what it means?"

Wei Lan shook her head, her face full of confusion.

In this era, even if Li Mu wrote the words' live long and see ', not many people would be able to understand it.

Li Mu smiled and said, "The general meaning is that the longer you live, the more you see."

Wei Lan couldn't help but purse her lips. "You're a few years younger than me, and you still have the nerve to say that you've lived long."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. He said happily, "I'm just feeling emotional."

After saying that, Li Mu raised his glass and said, "Come, come, come, let's drink."

Wei Lan nodded and drank all the wine in her glass in one gulp. Then she called the waiter over and said, "Give me another glass of Long Island, thank you."

Li Mu advised her, "That's enough. You won't feel well at night if you drink too much."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "No, I know my alcohol tolerance very well. One more glass is definitely not a problem. I won't drink any more."

Li Mu believed that Wei Lan was an adult, so she definitely had this little bit of self-control. So he nodded and didn't say anything more.

The waiter brought over new drinks, and the two chatted as they drank. At this time, a few guests went on stage one after another to be accompanied by the singer from earlier. Most of the songs were a little unpleasant to the ears.

Wei Lan drank half of her second glass of iced tea, and her mood was clearly a lot better than before. When she heard a female guest trash the classic "Yesterday-Once-More," Wei Lan stood up and said to Li Mu, "I want to go sing a song."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Sure, I haven't heard you sing before."

Wei Lan blinked and said, "I'll go ask if he knows how to play first."

Wei Lan went to the singer's side and exchanged a few words with him. Li Mu watched from afar and saw the singer nod at her. Then Wei Lan sat on the high stool next to him with a face full of excitement and gave Li Mu a victory sign.

Li Mu knew that she must have gotten a clear answer from the singer, so he put down his glass and prepared to listen attentively.

The guitarist first played a simple chord set as a prelude. After Wei Lan found the right tune, she began to sing in the second measure.

She was a rare beauty, and singing in the bar attracted the attention of the guests. When everyone's attention was on Wei Lan, she suddenly opened her mouth. Her clear and affectionate voice captured the hearts of all the male customers.

Li Mu didn't expect Wei Lan to sing so well, and the song she chose was actually one of Li Mu's favorites.

Wei Lan was singing a classic love song by The Cranberries, "Linger."

Even ten years later, the Cranberries would still be considered a relatively unpopular band in the country, and among their more well-known songs in the country, they didn't have "Linger," which had a less obvious style. In comparison, "Dreams," which had been covered by Wang Fei, "Zombie," and "Dying-In-The-Sun," which had been covered by Brother Chun, were more famous.

But that wasn't the only thing that surprised Li Mu.

What surprised him even more was that Wei Lan, a woman who hadn't learned to sing professionally, could sing this song so well. Whether it was her voice, pronunciation, or even the richness of her emotions, they all amazed Li Mu.

Especially when she sang the chorus, it made Li Mu particularly immersed in it for a moment:

And-I'm-in-so-deep

You-know-I'm-such-a-fool-for-you

The general idea of the lyrics was: I've fallen too deep, and you know I'm so stupid in front of you …

Not only Li Mu, but even the bar customers who only paid attention to Wei Lan's appearance were attracted by her singing and indulged in it.

Wei Lan regarded this song as a kind of emotional catharsis. She mixed her unspeakable feelings for Li Mu into this song, which was why she sang so selflessly and emotionally.

At the end of the song, Li Mu was the first to applaud. This song was really so good that he had a new understanding of Wei Lan.

Wei Lan returned to the booth with a red face amid the applause of a group of men. As soon as she sat down, Li Mu was not stingy with his praise. "You sang so well. It was a double enjoyment for both the eyes and the ears."

Wei Lan used the dim light to hide the shyness and nervousness on her face and said, "Your praise is too fake."

Li Mu said seriously, "Every word comes from the bottom of my heart."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and smiled. "Well, I believe you."

The two of them drank until it was past 11 o 'clock at night. Li Mu and Wei Lan were a little drunk.

However, Li Mu was in a good state. If he went home, took a shower, and slept, he would definitely be able to sleep for seven or eight hours.

Li Mu saw that it was getting late, so he asked Wei Lan, "By the way, has your best friend gone home?"

Wei Lan looked at her watch, nodded, and said, "Yes."

Li Mu asked curiously, "How do you know she's back without calling or texting?"

Wei Lan really didn't take out her phone the whole time. The broken phones nowadays had no other functions except for calling and texting. It was the same for Li Mu. His phone was in his pocket. It didn't ring or vibrate, so he couldn't remember to look at it.

Wei Lan realized that her answer was a little thoughtless, so she said, "She told me she would go home at 10: 30. It's almost 11: 30. She must have gone back."

Li Mu didn't think much about it. He nodded and said, "I think it's about time. How about I send you back? Don't let your best friend wait for you too long."

Wei Lan felt that she hadn't had enough, but it was really too late. She wasn't afraid that she wouldn't be able to catch the plane tomorrow, but she was afraid that Li Mu would be suspicious. So she had to agree and said, "Then let's go back."

They got up. Li Mu went to the bar to pay the bill, and then walked out of the bar side by side with Wei Lan.

Li Mu was just about to ask Wang Yuanlang to help him drive, but he didn't expect Wang Yuanlang to pass by him and follow two young men out of the bar. Then he quickly walked into an alley near the bar.

Li Mu was very surprised. He was about to call him when one of his men, Zhou Zhan, called Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, you and Miss Wei can go directly to the car. I'll drive. The boss said that those two guys just stole Miss Wei's wallet, and he's going to solve it. He asked me to send you back first. After he solves the problem, he'll send Miss Wei's wallet back."

Li Mu frowned and looked at the woman's shoulder bag hanging on Wei Lan's shoulder. Sure enough, there were traces of it being opened. It was estimated that Wang Yuanlang didn't want to affect him and Wei Lan, so he didn't do anything on the spot. He decided to wait for them to leave the bar and then quietly follow them.

After understanding Wang Yuanlang's motive, Li Mu didn't want to tell Wei Lan. He just said, "Let's go. Let's get in the car."