Chapter 113

This year, Renmin University's freshmen military training would last a total of 15 days. The military training would be held at the school. The schedule was: After the opening ceremony on the 4th of September, the military training would officially start on the 5th of September, and it would continue until the 19th.

Li Mu secretly bought a bottle of sunscreen. He had suffered from this in his previous life. After the military training, his face and neck were obviously much darker than his body. Sometimes, the sun was too hot, and it was common for his skin to get sunburned.

As for why he secretly bought it, it was mainly because most of the 18-year-old boys didn't have any skincare concepts. Facial cleansers weren't common yet. Everyone had a bar of soap, and they even had it for washing their faces and bathing.

Because Li Mu had been reborn, he had some savings, so he bought a set of men's skincare products. In the end, he was called a sissy by the five of them, which made Li Mu very annoyed. If he openly used sunscreen in front of them, he would probably be ridiculed to death by them.

At two o 'clock in the afternoon, after Li Mu secretly applied sunscreen, he went to the gathering point with the five of his roommates to participate in the opening ceremony. The military training was set at the main field. More than 2,300 freshmen were all there. There were too many people, and they were all wearing the same clothes. As a result, Li Mu couldn't find Su Yingxue even after staring for a long time.

A school leader with a big belly went up on stage and read the script. An officer who was said to be from the Yan Jing garrison also went up on stage and said a few words. Then, it was time to assign the instructors. This was also the first time that Li Mu met his future classmates. There were 32 of them, and the men and women were about half and half, so the ratio was quite balanced.

The instructor assigned to Li Mu's class was a soldier in his early twenties. His surname was Xu, and he had a square face. He looked very serious, and he liked to shout when he spoke. This made the other students in the class have a premonition that the military training in the next 15 days would definitely not be easy.

Li Mu, on the other hand, did not mind. He was in good health, and he had trained in the gym for a month before coming here. Actually, he came prepared for this military training.

After more than two hours of the opening ceremony, Li Yawei suggested that everyone return to the dormitory to change their clothes and then go to the internet cafe to play CS. The other four agreed, but Li Mu did not agree. Instead, he gave Su Yingxue a call and the two of them made plans to go out for dinner that night.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue had agreed to meet outside the East Gate. He changed his clothes and was about to leave when Li Yawei called out to him and asked, "Li Mu, everyone agreed to go to the Internet Cafe together, but you're not cooperating with the group. You're packing up so quickly. Where are you going?"

"I had dinner with a high school classmate of mine."

"High school classmate?

Is he also in our school? "

"Yes."

"Male or female?"

"Female."

"Is it beautiful?

How does she compare with Zhao Ziqiu? "

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Why do you have so many boring questions? Are all the local lads in Yanjing as poor as you?"

Li Yawei chuckled, "I'm not poor, I'm just gossiping."

Xue Jianfeng also said, "It's almost five o 'clock now. I'll go with you guys to the Internet Cafe, but I can't play for too long. I'll play with you guys until half past six."

Sun Jian asked, "Jianfeng, are you going to have dinner tonight too?"

Xue Jianfeng said, "I got an annual membership at our school's gym. From today onwards, I'll have to work out."

The skinny Liu Nian exclaimed, "Tomorrow is the military training, and you're still going to work out?

Can you handle it? "

Xue Jianfeng tightened his arms, revealing his strong chest and biceps, "Military training can only be considered as training. The real way to work out is to use machines. There's only one way to maintain your muscles, and that's to practice with machines."

Li Mu was very interested and said, "Jianfeng, what about the annual membership?

I'll get one too, and we can work out together in the future. "

Li Mu also wanted to work out, but he didn't want to be a terrifying muscular man like Xue Jianfeng. His main goal was to have a healthy body, and it would be great if he could train mermaid lines.

Seeing that Li Mu was interested, Xue Jianfeng immediately said in surprise, "There's a discount for the annual membership for new students. Originally, it's 1200 yuan, but it's only 800 yuan for the first year. If you're afraid that you can't persist, you can also get a monthly membership, which is 120 yuan a month. There's no discount. You just need to bring your registration certificate and a two-inch photo to apply for it.

Li Mu nodded, "Then I'll go with you after the military training tomorrow."

"Okay!"

The six of them came out of the dormitory together. Li Mu thought that it was not convenient to go with them, but he didn't expect that Li Yawei would propose to go to an internet cafe outside the east gate. So the six of them walked to the east gate of the school together. When they arrived at the gate, Su Yingxue was already waiting there. Seeing Li Mu coming with his roommates, Su Yingxue waved at him and said, "Li Mu."

Seeing that it was Su Yingxue, Li Mu also waved at her. Then he turned his face and wanted to say something to his roommates, but he didn't expect that they were all staring at her.

Su Yingxue's lethality to them was not inferior to that of Zhao Ziqiu at all.

It was even to the extent that Su Yingxue faintly carried a hint of transcendence and transcendence that surpassed Zhao Ziqiu.

Li Yawei whispered, "No wonder he doesn't like Zhao Ziqiu. It turns out that there's a better one!"

Hu Zhengdao sighed in Northern Shaanxi Chinese, which was not very standard. "This woman's body (talent) can't compare to Zhao Ziqiu!"

Liu Nian nodded and echoed, "The righteous are right. Zhao Ziqiu's breasts are big!"

Sun Jian patted the back of Liu Nian's head and said, "Brat, have you grown all your hair? How dare you think about other people's breasts?"

Liu Nian looked aggrieved and said, "Big brother, I'm just making an objective comment. Zhao Ziqiu's breasts are really big …"

Seeing that these guys were talking more and more openly, Li Mu saw that they were about to get in front of Su Yingxue, he whispered, "Hey, control your words!"

The five of them immediately shut their mouths.

Li Mu took a step forward and came in front of Su Yingxue. The five guys in the dormitory didn't go away and surf the net. Instead, they followed behind Li Mu and walked to the two of them. They looked at Li Mu eagerly, as if waiting for him to introduce them.

Li Mu had no choice but to introduce Su Yingxue to them, and then sent them away.

"These guys are not promising. They can't move their legs when they see a beauty. Don't mind them."

Su Yingxue smiled slightly and said, "They're all very interesting. The shortest boy looks like he's only 14 or 15 years old."

Li Mu knew that she was talking about Liu Nian. He smiled and said, "He's indeed a little young, but not too young. He's also 18 years old."

Su Yingxue asked, "Is your dormitory arranged according to age?"

Li Mu smiled bitterly and said, "When two people walk their dogs on the street, they have to ask each other how old their dogs are. What's more, when six people meet together, it's just to get to know each other's age. It's not like they're going to become sworn brothers."

Su Yingxue covered her mouth and laughed, "So poor. Then what's my ranking in your dormitory?"

"Third."

…

The two of them took a car to a relatively prosperous area of Zhongguancun. Li Mu knew that Su Yingxue loved Sichuan cuisine, so he found a Sichuan restaurant and sat down.

For Li Mu and Su Yingxue, it wasn't the first time that they ate together. Now, the two of them felt more and more comfortable when they were alone. Sometimes, Li Mu naturally put food into Su Yingxue's bowl. Su Yingxue didn't feel shy and accepted it calmly. She even started to take the initiative to put food into Li Mu's bowl.

When they were almost done eating, Su Yingxue took out a bottle of sunscreen from her backpack and said to Li Mu, "The sun in Yanjing in September is quite hot. You must pay attention to the sunscreen during military training."

Li Mu looked at the sunscreen and didn't take it. Instead, he thought to himself that he had already secretly bought it, but he didn't think to bring one for Su Yingxue. He was not careful enough and needed to reflect on himself.

Su Yingxue thought that Li Mu was embarrassed to use this kind of thing, so she said softly, "If you are afraid that the people in the dormitory will laugh at you, you can use it secretly, or come to me during military training every day. I will secretly help you apply it on your face and neck."

Li Mu felt warm in his heart. He nodded, took the sunscreen and said thank you. He was very touched and ashamed that she remembered to buy a bottle of sunscreen for him. How could he really let her apply sunscreen for him?

After eating, the two of them decided to walk back to school. On the way, they happened to pass by Zhao Kang's school. Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "I will call Kangzi and ask him what he is doing. If there is nothing, let's find a place to sit together."

"Okay!" Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I haven't seen him since you came to Yanjing."

Li Mu called Zhao Kang, who happened to be at school. Ten minutes later, he appeared in front of Li Mu and Su Yingxue. The three of them found a barbecue stall on the street and ordered some barbecue skewers and two large glasses of beer. Su Yingxue was full, so she asked for a bottle of purified water and sat with the two of them to chat.

When Zhao Kang first arrived at school, the gap was quite big. In his words, the school was relatively shabby, the area was not big, and the dormitory environment was not good. There were only eight people, and it was very messy. However, after yesterday and today, he began to get used to it.

Su Yingxue said, "The National People's Congress is actually just like that. It is quite big, but it also feels shabby."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If you want to talk about the environment of the universities in Yanjing, it must be Yanjing University and Tsinghua University that are better. The others don't matter."

Zhao Kang asked, "By the way, when do you have military training?"

"Tomorrow, what about you?"

Zhao Kang sighed, "We will leave early the day after tomorrow. Our shabby school doesn't have enough space. It is said that we will go to a military training base outside Badaling for 15 days."

Li Mu asked, "Doesn't that mean we won't be able to come back for 15 days?"

"Yes."

Zhao Kang said, "But don't worry, I've arranged everything in Douban. If there's nothing unexpected, it won't affect the daily affairs. If there's anything, just give me a call. I'll run away even if I have to."

Li Mu smiled slightly, "There is nothing for now, you can train your students without worry."

Zhao Kang was a little annoyed and picked up his glass. Just as he was about to drink with Li Mu, Li Mu looked down at his phone.

Zhao Ziqiu actually sent him a text message, reminding him to pay attention to the sun during military training.

Li Mu replied politely, "Thank you, you too."

Zhao Ziqiu replied again, "Do you have a joke for me?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and typed out another joke about a young man and a Zen Master. After sending it, Zhao Ziqiu replied with four "haha" s in a row, followed by a sentence, "Very funny, thank you!"