Chapter 1744

Google Earth was a very interesting satellite mapping product. Not only did it provide global satellite maps, but it was also made into a 3D display of a globe. Users could see high-definition satellite pictures of most areas of the earth and road networks on it. More importantly, people could use this product to create their own map punctuation points and share them with users around the world.

Li Mu did not know the ins and outs and history of Google Earth, but after listening to Larry Page, he understood in his heart.

Google's mapping service was acquired by Keyhole. After integrating all the data and technology of Keyhole, it derived its own Google Maps, then derived Google Earth, and launched a navigation service based on this whole set of ecosystems.

In China, Google Maps did not have much of a market. Most domestic users used Gaud, Baidu, and Tengxun Maps. Interestingly, Gaud was originally a Hua Xia company listed in the United States. However, around 14 years ago, it was privatized with the support of Ali and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ali.

In other words, in his previous life, Hua Xia's mobile navigation and map products were the same as Hua Xia's Internet camp. Of course, later, Baidu became more and more weak and had fallen out of the list of the three domestic giants.

However, overseas, Google Maps had the world's first market share because its map data was supported all over the world. If one used Gaud, one could only use it in Hua Xia's territory. This was because Gaud Maps did not have data support overseas.

The world was so big, and it was basically impossible to rely on one's own mapping and navigation services. Other than Hua Xia, if one wanted to support the map and navigation services in the overseas market, one must buy map data from the relevant local companies. This was a very large cost. Domestic navigation companies like Gaud did not have much market share overseas. Even if one spent a lot of money to buy the right to use overseas maps, not many users would really use it.

However, Google was more ruthless in this regard. They were already able to support global maps and navigation services in the middle and late stages. As a result, Apple's map support for a long time was Google, and then it slowly developed its own Apple Maps.

Now, the navigation industry had just begun to sprout, and none of the Internet companies had set their eyes on the navigation industry. Even Google only had this plan, but it had not started to take action.

From the looks of it, it was an excellent opportunity for Muye Technology and the future Muye Automobile Group to enter the field of navigation.

keyhole？

Li Mu didn't know much about this company, but it seemed like Larry Peppa was very familiar with it.

But there was another problem.

It was not impossible to cooperate with Google to acquire Keyhole and enter the mapping and navigation industries, but how would they do it?

If it involved the division of rights and interests in the future, it would be difficult.

But then again, Google had its eyes on the keyhole. Since Google had their eyes on it, it meant that they already had a general idea of how to operate it. Zhang Zian was unprepared and had no way of stopping them.

Even if he was shameless enough to snatch the Keyhole from Larry Peppa, he did not have an overall business plan. Without a team that could absorb and transform the Keyhole technology, the adaptation period would be very long.

If Feng Yu were to work with Google, it would be a good idea to pay for Google's help. But the most important thing is the proportion of shares and the division of interests.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Larry Peppa, "Brother, I won't hide it from you. I also want to do a mapping and navigation business. If we do this, we will have a conflict of interest!"

Larry Peppa nodded. When Li Mu said that he wanted to acquire the navigation business, he was a little surprised. But then he thought about how Li Mu had just reached an acquisition agreement with Ford, and he roughly understood.

Therefore, he said, "Li Zong, why don't we do it together?

Keyhole is not big. Both of us can buy it together and set up a joint venture company with Makino Technology and Google. "

Li Mu's eyes lit up. Not bad, Larry Peppa. Last time, he went to Hua Xia and was tortured by me. After Hua Xia gave up resisting, he became much more obedient!

In the beginning, he was stubborn. Then, he compromised. Now, he was almost developing in the direction of a lackey.

Logically speaking, he was the big boss of a company with a market value of hundreds of billions. Why did he become so cowardly now?

But after thinking about it carefully, it was easy to understand. Makino Technology owned 30% of Google's shares. Makino Technology controlled nearly half of Google's traffic. Makino Technology also took over Android in advance and led the world in building enterprise cloud data services. It was like a powerful dome that covered Google. Google's future development was greatly limited.

Now, Larry Peppa's mentality had also changed greatly. In the past, he did not think that Google could have a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars. Now that Li Mu played with Google, although he sacrificed a lot of shares, he did get more recognition from the capital market. Now, he saw himself as a member of Li Mu's big ship. Therefore, he naturally did things more obediently.

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "Larry, setting up a joint venture is a very good idea. It is also in line with our mutual interests. I have a few ideas. If you have any comments, you can raise them."

"Okay, please go ahead."

Li Mu said, "First of all, the joint venture will be controlled by Makino Technology. Makino Technology must hold more than 60% of the shares. Therefore, we might as well let Makino Technology hold 60% of the shares and Google hold 40%. After this company is set up, it will not accept any capital or company to invest. We will maintain this ratio forever and keep this company owned by both of us."

Larry Peppa knew that Li Mu had a strong desire to control. The possibility of setting up a joint venture and letting him own the controlling stake was basically zero. Therefore, he did not have any objections to Li Mu's request. Also, leaving Google with 40% was not a small amount to him.

Therefore, Larry Peppa said straightforwardly, "Li Zong, I have no objections to this."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and continued, "In the future, we will have to divide the rights to the patents and technologies of this company. For example, I will give you all the rights and interests of the web. In other words, you can use this company's patents and technologies to set up and publish Google Maps. As for me, I will not use this set of technologies on my web products."

Larry Peppa was delighted. He was still worried about YY online maps. If that was the case, both parties would use the same technology but become competitors. It would be very awkward.

Now that Li Mu had given the entire web to Google, and Google itself was a web product, Larry Peppa felt that Li Mu was already taking good care of himself.

Li Mu continued, "However, the rights to use the automotive and mobile sectors will be given to me."

There was no need to talk about the automotive sector. Google had never thought of entering the automotive industry. Therefore, Larry Peppa could give this business to Li Mu without hesitation.

However, the mobile sector was a little difficult.

Although mobile phones were not very smart yet, Larry Peppa also believed that in the future, mobile phones would definitely become more and more smart. Moreover, the penetration rate of smart phones would definitely increase. This was the trend of technological development, just like private cars.

If this business was given to Li Mu, wouldn't Google be at a disadvantage if the mobile sector flourished in the future?

Li Mu saw that Larry Peppa was a little hesitant, so he smiled and said, "How about this, Larry. I will give you all the rights and interests of the PC and Macos platforms. Google can use this set of technologies to launch their own software applications on the PC and Macos platforms. As for me, I only want the automotive and mobile platforms."

At the current stage, Li Mu's product line and the number of users no longer needed a web map to supplement it. It was like he already had a powerful aircraft carrier battle group. At this time, a conventional submarine with a very low displacement was dispensable to him.

As for the PC software, Li Mu was not optimistic about it. Although there were still a few years before the booming development of the mobile internet, Li Mu felt that the PC was already a sunset industry. There was no need to chase after it with all his might, so he did not mind giving it to Google.

Larry Peppa thought about it carefully. Although there was a lot of room for imagination, the mobile mapping and navigation services were a relatively small market. Since Li Mu wanted it, there was no point in insisting on not giving it to him. Therefore, he might as well give it to Li Mu in exchange for a favor.

For Larry Peppa, the core of everything was still based on the Google search engine. Everything else was just a side issue.

Therefore, he made a decision in his heart and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, let's do as you say. I have no objections!"

Li Mu let out a sigh of relief.

It seemed that he had tricked Larry Peppa again.

If Larry Peppa owned the mobile platform, the future mobile navigation market would have nothing to do with Google. Once this thing was done well, it would be universal and widely used. Moreover, it was not just mobile navigation applications. Almost all mobile applications needed the support of mapping products.

Social media applications needed maps, O2O applications needed maps, and other applications also needed maps. Without mapping services, even a food delivery application would not be able to locate the location of the rider and the user.

However, Larry Peppa was not a god. In this era, he could not see the future of the mobile market.

What made Li Mu most satisfied was the establishment of a joint venture company with Google. In the future, this company would only provide technical and data support. Li Mu could install whatever he wanted.

Therefore, the future Google Maps would become Makino Maps.

Imagine, the world's smartphones would all use Makino Maps as the map support, and the world's mobile navigation users would also use Makino Navigation. This market prospect was very promising.

Moreover, with the exclusive rights to use the automobile platform, it would be very difficult for other automobile companies to catch up in the future. Coupled with the Android and iOS automotive systems, they would definitely be able to beat all the other automobile companies in the world.

In the future, if a Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Audi, Ferrari, Lamborghini, Bentley, or Rolls-Royce wanted to use the onboard system to match his Android or IOS system, he would only give them two words: "Dream on!"