Chapter 164

"Wu Shuai, you motherf * cker!"

Sun Tan cursed, his face livid.

He did not expect Wu Shuai to stab him in the back. This kid was asking for it!

Just as he was fuming, the person next to him stared at the computer and said, "That Wipe Your Eyes guy even posted a thread."

Sun Tan asked hurriedly, "What thread?"

That person pushed the laptop in front of him. Sun Tan hurriedly looked at it, and a moment later, his lungs were about to explode!

Wipe Your Eyes was Wu Shuai's alternate account. He had specially posted a thread, and the content of the thread was: "Everyone, please don't misunderstand Wu Shuai anymore. Wu Shuai does not wish to be associated with the Student Aid Gang, so he voluntarily withdrew from the Student Union today. Withdrawing from the Student Union naturally means withdrawing from the Student Aid Gang."

A portion of the replies were still condemning Wu Shuai, but some people did release some positive energy, saying that Wu Shuai had a noble character and voluntarily withdrew from the Student Union because he did not wish to be associated with a scumbag like Sun Tan.

Sun Tan almost went berserk!

This f * cking Wu Shuai, taking advantage of the situation to add insult to injury!

At this time, he was in such a hurry to remove himself from the Student Union, and he even brought up the matter of withdrawing from the Student Union. It was clear that he wanted to draw a clear line between them!

Damn, how could there be such a coincidence? Just as he posted about withdrawing from the Student Union, someone immediately posted about the Student Aid Gang's biggest secret. This could not be a coincidence!

Could it be that this kid bore a grudge against him, so he exposed me at One Scoop Pool?

One Scoop Pool's founder said, "It doesn't seem like Wu Shuai did it. If it really was him, he would not have done something as stupid as registering an alternate account with a common IP address."

"Then who could it be?" Sun Tan frowned, suddenly thinking of Li Mu.

Could it be him?

"But it doesn't seem like it. Li Mu has been chatting with me beside the truck just now. He doesn't have the time to commit the crime at all. Besides, between me and Li Mu, it's just that I have the idea to do something to him, but he certainly doesn't know."

Who could it be?

After thinking about it, Sun Tan could not come up with a clue. There were many suspects in his mind, but it was very difficult to determine who it was.

But when he thought of Wu Shuai, Sun Tan's heart itched with hatred. Wu Shuai had cut off all relations with him at this time and added insult to injury. He had raised this ingrate all these years for nothing!

Just you wait, he will definitely pay a thousand times the price!

Just as Sun Tan stayed in the dormitory, the profiteer Huang Lishan, who was surrounded by students in the car, was about to collapse.

The angry students almost overturned his car. In desperation, he promised to refund all the students who bought the computers. The students' anger did not subside, and they demanded that he immediately arrange a refund. Huang Lishan had no choice but to explain loudly, "Students, calm down first and listen to me. The 500 yuan deposit for each computer is still in the hands of the Student Union. I will refund you all the money I received today, and the Student Union will be responsible for the remaining 500 yuan deposit."

Upon hearing this, a student immediately asked angrily, "Are you kidding me?

You're a merchant, the deposit must be handed over to you. Now you're saying that the deposit isn't with you, who can prove it? "

"Yeah!

Students, don't believe him. This may simply be his excuse. He wants to deliberately refund us 500 yuan less, and then run away! "

The crowd's anger was suddenly ignited. Huang Lishan explained with a bitter face, "Students, I really don't want to run away, nor do I deliberately want to cheat you of money. The deposit you paid is really not with me. It's with the Student Union."

"What do you mean?

Why is the deposit with the Student Union?

Shouldn't they give you the deposit before you organize the delivery? "

Huang Lishan could only continue to explain in the face of the tide of condemnation, "I swear to God, I didn't lie!"

"Bullsh * t!

What you said is not logical at all. We don't care. You must return all the money to us, or we will immediately call 110 to report to the police! "

"Students, don't be impulsive …" Huang Lishan didn't dare to involve the police. He hurriedly said, "Let's do it this way. I'll call the vice president of the Student Union, Sun Tan. The money is with him. Let him give you an explanation."

Huang Lishan was also anxious. At the critical moment, he had no choice but to bring up Sun Tan. He originally thought that by mentioning Sun Tan's name, he could ease the students' emotions. He didn't expect to accidentally sell Sun Tan out. At present, the students hated him the most, and the other was Sun Tan!

When they heard that the deposit for the computer was still in Sun Tan's hands, everyone immediately understood. It turned out that the money was earned by Sun Tan. Otherwise, the money definitely wouldn't be with him. It should have been given to Huang Lishan long ago.

A student suddenly scolded angrily, "Motherf * cker Wu Shuai, this b * stard earned 500 yuan from one machine. More than 200 machines, that's more than 100,000 yuan!

This b * stard's heart is too black! "

"Motherf * cker, where's Sun Tan?

He was here just now. Where did he run to? "

"No, go to his dormitory and find him. Let this b * stard explain clearly!

Find the school leaders and ask them how they should deal with Sun Tan for cheating students! "

"We definitely have to find Sun Tan, but the most important thing now is to get this profiteer to refund the money first. Moreover, if he wants a refund, it should be a full refund. Let him get the money from Sun Tan!"

"Yes, the profiteer wants a refund!

If he doesn't refund it, we will call the police! "

"We also have to call the Bureau of Industry and Commerce and the TV station. Let's see how the government will deal with him for cheating more than 200 students!"

Huang Lishan was drowned in the students' saliva. His face was pale. He called Sun Tan a few times, but he didn't pick up. In the end, Sun Tan simply turned off his phone. The students pressed Huang Lishan step by step. Helpless, Huang Lishan immediately contacted the bank clerk who had just handled the deposit service for him to withdraw money. However, the clerk regretfully replied that he had already gotten off work, and all the cash had been transported to the main branch in an armored car.

This time, Huang Lishan was dumbfounded. More than 200 machines were more than a million yuan. Where could he get so much cash to compensate so many students?

Helpless, he could only call his wife and brother to get them to help him raise the cash.

When his family heard that more than a million yuan was needed, they were also shocked. More than a million yuan was enough to buy two apartments. It was late at night, and the bank was closed. Where would he get so much cash?

Although his family promised to immediately think of a way to raise the money, it was indeed difficult to come up with so much money. As for Huang Lishan, he saw that the students were about to go out of control, and he didn't know how long he could wait.

Time passed by, and the sky was about to turn dark. The agitated students were still forcing Huang Lishan to refund the money. Such a big scene in the dormitory area had also attracted the attention of the school. First, the dormitory management informed the security guards. When the security guards arrived, they realized that they couldn't persuade the students. After understanding the situation, they immediately contacted the leader of the Academic Affairs Office.

The Academic Affairs Office urgently sent a deputy director who was in charge of the school's discipline. After finally understanding the cause and effect of the matter, he immediately asked the students to give him some time. Then, he immediately called the Deputy Dean, Sun Yong, who was in charge of undergraduate education.

Sun Yong was Sun Tan's uncle and his father's cousin. He was also Sun Tan's biggest support in the National People's Congress. The deputy director from the Academic Affairs Office also knew about this layer of relationship, so he contacted Sun Yong first and reported the matter to him, letting him decide how to handle it.

Sun Yong already knew that Sun Tan had set up a student aid group in the school, and he also understood the model of the student aid group. In his opinion, Sun Tan's model was very meaningful, but he didn't know that the student aid group was actually a tool for Sun Tan to accumulate money. After hearing about this matter over the phone, he was extremely angry. He almost blurted out and wanted to tell the other party to do it according to the rules. But after calming down and thinking about it, he still had to think of a way to help Sun Tan get out of the responsibility.

After all, Sun Tan was the child of his cousin, and his cousin's family was quite influential in Yan Jing. If he didn't care about this matter, he would become enemies in the future.

Therefore, Sun Yong asked the other party to ease the students' emotions while thinking of a way to contact Sun Tan. If he wanted to ensure that nothing happened to Sun Tan, he had to calm the students' emotions as soon as possible. It was necessary for the merchant to refund the money, and it had to be done as soon as possible. Sun Tan also had to spit out the money he had received as soon as possible to appease the students' anger. Otherwise, with more than two hundred people and a few hundred onlookers, once this matter blew up, the ministry would definitely pay special attention.

Sun Tan was used to having a smooth-sailing life in the National People's Congress all these years. If he really encountered a crisis, with his age and experience in his early twenties, he wouldn't be able to think of a truly effective solution in a short period of time. He just felt that he absolutely couldn't stand out in front of his classmates at this time, so he hid in his dormitory and refused to pick up Huang Lishan's calls. He even turned off his phone. In his opinion, this matter could be resolved as long as Huang Lishan agreed to refund the money. He would first let him handle it, calm the students, and return the money to them.

Sun Yong couldn't get through to Sun Tan's phone, so he could only call his dormitory phone. In the end, the dormitory phone was also unplugged. Sun Yong had no other choice but to call Sun Tan's father and ask him to quickly contact the computer dealer to think of some countermeasures to tide over this matter.

Sun Tan's father immediately rushed to the National People's Congress. By the time he arrived at the National People's Congress, Huang Lishan's family had only sent over a mere 200,000 yuan in cash. It was far from enough for the more than 200 students who wanted their money refunded.

Sun Tan's father watched the development of the situation silently. Then, he made a phone call to start raising money. Although his family's financial situation was good, he couldn't take out too much cash at once. He could only call some business friends and ask them to think of ways to help.

After a few minutes, almost 500,000 yuan in cash was sent to the National People's Congress.

Li Mu watched from outside the crowd as a middle-aged man carried two big bags to Huang Lishan. Huang Lishan didn't recognize him at all. It wasn't until the middle-aged man placed the money in front of him and whispered a few words in his ear that Huang Lishan finally felt relieved.

After seeing all this, Li Mu turned around and walked out of the crowd. He called Zhao Kang. "Kang Zi, why aren't the media here yet?"

Zhao Kang said, "I already notified them twenty minutes ago. They should be here soon."