Chapter 468

QQ's market share was shrinking rapidly, but to Li Mu, it was still his biggest competitor.

To be a giant, one must be determined to slaughter all potential competitors and make the whole world his hunting ground. How could he allow others to sleep next to his bed!

Although this ambition was difficult to achieve, it must be developed in this direction!

In the field of instant messaging, Li Mu's goal was to be the biggest company. He needed to occupy 90% of the market share before he could rest easy. Before he reached this goal, all software that could occupy more than 5% of the market share would become his competitors, especially QQ, which was the industry leader in his previous life.

Currently, QQ was far behind YY in all aspects, but Li Mu did not dare to relax at all. This was because he knew very well the strength of this company in product development. It could be said that this was the company that understood products the best in the country in the future. As long as it existed, it would be a threat to Li Mu. Perhaps they could recover by developing a new function or product.

YY Gaming Platform was the fatal blow that Li Mu had prepared for QQ. No matter what product QQ was working on, one thing was for sure — their income had shrunk significantly. They had gone from profitable to loss-making. Li Mu did not know how long it would last, but from the looks of it, if he wanted to catch up to YY in a few core functions, it would only take a few months. Teng Xun had started making profits as early as last year. This year, they would definitely have a lot of funds in their accounts. Moreover, they had capital backing them. Perhaps they could really fight a protracted war with Li Mu for a year or two. If both parties fell into a tug-of-war in terms of product development, it would be absolutely unacceptable to Li Mu.

Therefore, what Li Mu needed to do now was to make YY completely eliminate QQ. Not only in the areas that QQ had already set foot in, but also in areas that QQ had not yet set foot in. He needed to arm himself with a new product that was beyond the instant messaging field. This new product was the YY Gaming Platform.

Based on the current scale of Lianzhong, the marketing department of Makino Technology had made an estimate that after the YY Gaming Platform was launched, it would be difficult for it to exceed 600,000 concurrent users based on the current market situation. The market space could not be considered very large.

The reason given by the marketing department was that most of the users' demands for games were focused on client-side games. Their loyalty to client-side games was irreplaceable. Small games like chess and card puzzles could only serve as a form of entertainment. Hence, the user base would not be that big. Moreover, the YY gaming hall only had two types of paid items, Blue Diamond and Happy Bean. Its future income would be limited.

However, Li Mu was very optimistic about the future of the YY Gaming Platform. The reason was simple. It might be difficult for this product to achieve the high user loyalty of client-side games in a short period of time. However, it had two characteristics that no other client-side games had. One was that it was extremely popular, and the other was that it occupied a lot of fragmented time.

Currently, there was only Lianzhong. Most people did not understand this. However, Li Mu knew that as the internet developed, there would be all kinds of games everywhere. Even if some games could achieve a monthly revenue of more than 100 million, their user popularity would still be far behind that of the QQ Gaming Platform. This was because most users would not flock to a single client-side game. For example, when World of Warcraft was at its peak, it only had 10 million players in China. However, the number of people who had played in the QQ Gaming Platform was almost the same as the number of QQ users. This was the unique advantage of the QQ Gaming Platform.

As for the high fragmented time occupied, it was actually because the positioning of the YY Gaming Platform was similar to that of the QQ Gaming Platform in the past. It did not require users to immerse themselves in the game like they did in client-side games. Instead, it sought to use the advantages of fast startup, fast gameplay, and the short duration of a single game to occupy the user's fragmented time.

For example, when bored, go in and play a few rounds of poker. When tired of playing client-side games, play a few rounds of Dou Dizhu to refresh your brain. When waiting for your friends to play Counter-Strike, but their friends had not arrived yet, play a few rounds of mini-games first. When waiting for the end of the game, play a few rounds of mini-games so that it would not be too torturous. When in a group chat, you did not want to type all the time, so come in with a few friends to play a few mini-games …

These were the fragmented time occupied.

From a product point of view, the mini-games in the YY Gaming Platform were very convenient and convenient products for users. First of all, they did not have high requirements for computer performance, and when running, they took up very little space. Secondly, they did not play in a full-screen mode, but in a windowed interface. It was convenient for users to do anything else while playing, such as chatting in YY, browsing the web, watching videos, listening to songs, and so on.

It did not require users to focus all their energy, and it did not affect the simultaneous operation of other products. This made it very efficient for users to use YY games, and the cost was very low. Therefore, it was more suitable to fill in the fragmented time of users.

However, at present, no one on the Internet had yet realized the concept and importance of fragmented time. Even the current Lianzhong itself did not have this attribute, because it did not have a strong core product to support it. A single gaming platform could not reduce the cost of users' actions. To enter the account password to log in was far less convenient than for YY users to launch the YY Gaming Platform. This was because YY users only needed to click the left mouse button to automatically complete the entire process of launching and logging in.

In order to occupy the fragmented time of users, the product itself had to be extremely simple, extremely simple.

Moreover, a product that could firmly occupy a user's fragmented time was very impressive. This was because fragmented time would accumulate to a certain extent, and the stickiness of fragmented time would become even higher. To make a simple analogy, mobile phone users would often get tired of a certain game and uninstall it. However, once a fragmented reading app like Toutiao was installed on their mobile phone, most users would keep it in their mobile phone and use it sporadically every day. The more they used it, the more loyal they would become.

Li Mu's hope for the YY Gaming Platform was to firmly occupy the fragmented time of users and increase the quality of YY users' loyalty.

At the same time, far away in Shenzhen, the internal department of Teng Xun was also working hard.

Teng Xun had been working overtime on a regular basis for many days. Since the launch of YY, all the technical staff had been implementing a 996 work schedule: start at 9 am, get off at 9 pm, and work six days a week.

Teng Xun's staff also knew that it was a critical moment of life and death. With the support of a strong product, Tieba, and Happy Farm, YY was unstoppable in the field of instant messaging. Their own QQ's share was getting smaller and smaller. At this time, all hopes were pinned on product development.

What Boss Ma cared about the most was the development of the QQ Gaming Platform. He had long realized that if he only competed with YY in the field of instant messaging, he would be at a disadvantage in all aspects. He had to find a way to break out of the situation and use a surprising method to turn the situation around. Therefore, the QQ Gaming Platform was his biggest hope at the moment.

MIH's representative, Dean Cooper, had been stationed in Shenzhen during this period. He even went to Teng Xun every day to 'sit in'. Although he did not understand technical development, he needed to see how orderly Teng Xun was and how confident they were in defeating their opponents. At the same time, he needed to report the situation back to the headquarters in a timely manner. If Boss Ma or the headquarters needed to exchange any information, he would be there to convey it.

It was already evening. Dean knocked on the door of Boss Ma's office. According to his habit these few days, he would come in at this time to chat with Boss Ma about the latest progress and situation. After exchanging information, he could return to the hotel.

Of course, Dean was very interested in the Hua Xia tea he brewed. People in Guangdong loved drinking tea. Almost every leader's office would have a tea set and a tea sea. Dean would drink a few cups of tea personally brewed by Boss Ma every day and would only leave when he was satisfied.

When Boss Ma saw Dean enter, he immediately stood up from his desk and walked to the sofa. He said to Dean casually, "Dean, come and sit."

Dean laughed and said, "I've been drinking Hua Xia tea for the past few days. I can't help but come to your office at this time."

Boss Ma smiled slightly and said, "Drinking tea is good for your health and can also adjust your mood. Usually, drinking tea at night makes me unable to sleep at night. However, I've been under a lot of pressure recently. Drinking some tea at night can actually help me sleep better."

As he spoke, Boss Ma had already started boiling water to make tea. Dean sighed. "I can see that you and your employees have been under a lot of pressure recently. However, my leader appreciates your hard work very much. He has always trusted you and your team. Even if an opponent like Makino Technology has appeared, he still believes that you can definitely lead the team to reverse the current situation. Our requirements are not high. If we can hold on to 40% of the market share, it will be very successful. It would be even better if we can reach 50% or even higher."

Boss Ma said very confidently, "40% is not a problem. As long as our QQ Gaming Platform is online, I have this confidence. After all, YY is only a single client now, plus two Tieba and Happy Farm, two web products. Our QQ Gaming Hall will be the first client product to accompany QQ. There are too many things that we can do in this product in the future."

Dean smiled and said, "I'm also very optimistic about your new product. If it can be made, users will definitely be attracted to QQ. This is an advantage that Makino Technology doesn't have."

After saying this, Dean could not help but sigh. "What I'm more worried about now is whether Makino Technology will copy our idea and develop a gaming platform based on YY."

Boss Ma said, "That's very likely. After all, everyone is copying and copying each other's product model. YY itself is a copy of our QQ, adding some original functions on the basis of QQ. This kind of behavior is very shameless, but we can't stop it. The only way is to always stay ahead of it."