Chapter 157

Zhang Qing was a little unhappy.

Although he was drunk, he was still thinking about Yu Xingjie's way of making money. However, Yu Xingjie seemed to be deliberately keeping him in suspense.

"Old Yu, you are not kind!"

Zhang Qing looked at Yu Xingjie and mumbled with his tongue tied.

Yu Xingjie had been scheming against Zhang Qing and set him up step by step. Now that he heard him say this, he immediately smiled and apologized, "Little Qing, how can you say that? Am I that kind of person?

To be honest, there is some risk in making money. Moreover, if I make money this time, I don't know when I can make it again. If you really want to know, I will tell you. Some time ago, an old friend of mine from the University of Aeronautics and Astronautics made a batch of pirated teaching aids. I helped him sell a lot of them. This thousand yuan is the commission. "

Zhang Qing was stunned and asked, "Is the profit margin of pirated teaching aids so big?"

Yu Xingjie nodded, "The profit margin is very big, but the risk is high. If you are caught, you will be fined. If it is serious, you may be sued."

"Pirated books are sold everywhere. Why haven't I seen anyone being sued?"

"That's different. Buying pirated teaching aids is robbing the school of their source of income. The school will not let you go first."

"You are afraid of balls!

Making money is the most important thing. "

Yu Xingjie said, "You are right, but this time it is over. In a few days, he will have a way to make a batch of new teaching aids. If you are interested, I will bring you along."

Zhang Qing's face immediately became better. He smiled and said, "Damn, brother, I must be interested. As long as you say the word, I will do it!"

Yu Xingjie smiled and said, "Okay, let's make money together. Come, let's drink!"

Zhang Qing's grudge against Yu Xingjie disappeared. This glass of wine made him feel very comfortable.

Yu Xingjie found a chance to drink a few more glasses with Zhang Qing. Seeing that he was losing control, he casually threw out the topic he had been waiting for a long time.

"Little Qing, recently that Li Mu has been very arrogant."

Li Mu was the devil in Zhang Qing's heart. As long as he heard this name, his whole body would explode with a strong negative energy, and this moment was no exception.

Zhang Qing said angrily, "F * ck, that Li Mu has been very arrogant recently. F * ck, what did he do with 3321? He's not the awesome one anymore."

Yu Xingjie added fuel to the fire, "He's very famous now. There's no one in Beijing's universities who doesn't know about him and his 3321. I heard that many girls are crazy about him now."

"F * ck!"

Zhang Qing was immediately filled with indignation at Yu Xingjie's words. He slammed the table and shouted angrily, "Let him act tough. I'll see how long he can act tough. Someone will naturally come and deal with him!"

Yu Xingjie hurriedly asked, "What do you mean? Someone wants to mess with him?"

When Zhang Qing thought of Sun Tan, he felt a little depressed.

Yesterday, he wanted to find trouble with Li Mu, but he didn't expect to be slapped twice by a nouveau riche who came out of nowhere. In the end, Sun Tan called him and scolded him. Damn it, what bad luck. He just wanted to find an opportunity to anger Li Mu and make him attack him. Why was it so difficult?

Last time on the sports ground, it was f * cking easy!

Yu Xingjie saw that Zhang Qing's expression was ugly, but he didn't speak for a long time. He was a little anxious, but he said, "Actually, that Li Mu is really a f * cking b * stard. Not to mention that you have been beaten by him, even I, who don't have any conflicts with him, don't like him. Isn't he just a little more handsome and a little more capable? Why is he acting tough?"

After hearing this, Zhang Qing almost vomited blood. He waved his hand angrily and said, "What the f * ck? That guy is an idiot!"

Being beaten by Li Mu was an eternal pain in his heart. Yu Xingjie's words made his heart feel even more suffocated. What did he mean by he is a little more handsome and a little more capable? Even if this is the truth, can you not say it in front of me?

What's more, you also said that you don't like him. Why do you have to boost others' morale and diminish your own?

Yu Xingjie gave a hollow laugh and sighed. "It's time for someone to deal with him. Otherwise, if we let him develop like this, in the future, compared to him, we guys might as well give up."

Zhang Qing suddenly became angry and shouted, "Develop my a * s!

You are willing, I am willing, but Sun Tan is not willing. You should know what kind of person Sun Tan is. He created this 3321 and stole the limelight of Sun Tan's Student Aid Gang. Don't worry, Sun Tan will definitely deal with him. Let's see how long he can jump around! "

Yu Xingjie's eyes lit up. This was real!

If he continued to work hard and Zhang Qing said a few more words, Ericsson T39MC would be his!

"What can Sun Tan do to him?

3321 is his project. It has already attracted so many students to register. Who can stop him now? "

Zhang Qing sneered and said, "What is 3321?

Isn't it just a stupid website?

Sun Tan is the vice president of the Student Union. His family has some background in Yanjing, and he also has connections in the school. Now he is trying to find a way to blackmail Li Mu. As long as Li Mu does anything out of line, Sun Tan can immediately expel him from the school. At that time, no matter how awesome 3321 is, what can he do?

He will still be a college dropout!

A stain on his file for life! "

Yu Xingjie was very excited and said to Zhang Qing, "That's great. If Sun Tan comes out to deal with Li Mu, you can get revenge for being beaten up by him that day!"

Zhang Qing said angrily, "I don't want revenge now. I just want Li Mu to beat me up again!"

Yu Xingjie asked in surprise, "Ah?

You drank too much, right? "

"Drank too much, my ass!"

Zhang Qing was in a bad mood. He drank another mouthful of wine and poured out all the dissatisfaction in his heart. "Sun Tan found me and asked me to find a way to anger Li Mu. He also said that as long as Li Mu makes a move, he will definitely make him scram from the National People's Congress. I waited for two days and finally got to see Li Mu. In the end, I didn't succeed. So f * cking unlucky!"

Then, Zhang Qing told Yu Xingjie what happened last night. Then, he said with lingering fear, "Tell me, a person who carries thousands of yuan in cash and Benz's car keys with him, can he be an ordinary person?

F * ck, I was scared at that time. Not only did I get slapped twice, I was also scolded by Sun Tan. "

"Don't worry, don't worry."

Yu Xingjie hurriedly comforted him. "There will definitely be opportunities. Besides, even if you can't find an opportunity, Sun Tan will most likely not sit still and wait for death."

Zhang Qing nodded and raised his wine glass gloomily. "Come, Xingjie, cheers!"

…

At around 10 pm, Li Mu received a landline call. Yu Xingjie ran to a corner of the National People's Congress and called Li Mu using an IC card phone before the dormitory lights went out. He told Li Mu everything he heard at the dinner table that night without leaving out a single word.

Li Mu had never heard of Sun Tan. He didn't expect that the person who wanted to make life difficult for him was someone he had never met before. However, according to the information provided by Yu Xingjie, Li Mu compared Zhang Qing's abnormal behavior and concluded that what Yu Xingjie said was the truth.

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu got up from the bed and asked his brothers in the dormitory, "Who knows what Sun Tan does??"

Sun Jian blurted out, "He's the vice president of the student union. He's the same as Senior Ai, but he has more power than Senior Ai."

Liu Nian said, "He's the one who started the Student Aid Gang. Wu Shuai is just one of the core members."

"Student Aid Gang?" Li Mu frowned. "Is that the bullsh * t organization that specializes in dealing with campus labor?"

Liu Nian nodded. "Yeah, I didn't think so before. But after hearing about it from you, Mu Ge, I feel that they're quite shady."

Xue Jianfeng curled his lips and said, "Damn it, they're not just shady. They're bastards. How dare they call themselves the Student Aid Gang? Why don't they call themselves the Student Aid Gang?"

Sun Jian smiled and said, "I heard that the Student Aid Gang is very valued by the school leaders of the National People's Congress. They've given them a lot of support and even granted them three offices. Many part-time jobs in the school are directly handed over to them. Senior Ai introduced me to a few people from the student union a few days ago. I heard from them that Sun Tan is now actively using the Student Aid Gang's influence. He wants to use the Student Aid Gang to participate in the Beijing Top Ten University Selection next March."

Li Yawei said disdainfully, "What bullsh * t Student Aid Gang? It's a bullsh * t organization that sells dog meat and drinks student blood, and they want to participate in the Beijing Top Ten University Selection?

Pfft!

Compared to Mu Ge's 3,321, he and his Student Aid Gang are not even a pile of sh * t! "

Li Mu smiled bitterly. "That's the crux of the matter!"

The few of them were very curious. "What crux of the matter?"

Li Mu said, "Just now, the fellow that I was introduced to from the right path made a call. He roughly said that the reason why Zhang Qing wanted to find trouble with me was because of Sun Tan. His purpose was to force me to make a move on him. As long as I make a move, Sun Tan will be able to get hold of my weakness and find a way to get the school to expel me. Looks like my 3,321 is in Sun Tan's way."

"Motherf * cker!" The five people in the dormitory instantly exploded!

Xue Jianfeng had a bad temper. He immediately scolded, "Sun Tan wants to kick you out of the National People's Congress just because you created a 3,321?

This bastard is too much!

Let's not talk about him earning money from his classmates. You created such a meritorious platform like 3,321, and he still thinks that you're in his way? "

"That's right!"

Li Ya Wei also said, "Mu Ge, this kind of bastard likes to act cool the most. And that Wu Shuai, these two are f * cking good-for-nothings. What kind of motley crew is the Student Council!"

Sun Jian also said with a face full of indignation, "If I knew it would be like this, I would be like Li Mu. I wouldn't join the Student Council even if he begged me. Tomorrow, I'll go find Senior Ai and make things clear with her. I'll apologize to her. I won't join this bullsh * t Student Council anymore."

Li Mu was very calm about the news he just received. Everyone had their own position and relative benefits. If Sun Tan valued the Top Ten University Students very much and happened to rely on the Student Aid Gang to get this honor, then the appearance of 3,321 would indeed be a devastating blow to him. There was no point in cursing at this kind of thing. He had to think of a way to solve this problem.