Chapter 6

Haizhou Hotel.

It was already very empty for four people to sit in a private room. In addition, the table was surprisingly large. If the four of them sat separately, they would have to shout to talk.

So, the four of them sat next to each other.

Papa Lee, Li Ma, Li Mu, and then Chen Wan.

Chen Wan was happy, mainly because she was relieved of a psychological burden. After a comprehensive examination, Li Mu was really fine, except for the scratch on his forehead, which seemed to affect the young man's handsome appearance.

Papa Lee and Li Ma originally didn't want Chen Wan to treat them, but Chen Wan insisted that it should be done, and Li Mu agreed with a matter-of-fact face. The two of them couldn't dissuade him, so they had to come.

Fortunately, Li Ma was considerate. When Li Mu and the others were waiting for the results, she went home to get a clean set of clothes for Li Mu. So, Li Mu could sit next to Chen Wan like a human and play with her.

"To be honest, after I was hit today, I feel that my brain is particularly bright. I used to score 90 to 100 points in English, but today, I feel that I can score more than 120 points."

"Really?" Chen Wan's big eyeballs almost popped out.

Li Mu nodded. "Really."

"Don't talk nonsense!" Papa Lee scolded with a smile. "If you can't score 120 points, see how I will deal with you!"

Li Mu said seriously, "Dad, if I can't score 120 points, I will have no face to enter our house in the future."

"Don't say that."

Li Ma quickly said, "Son, it doesn't matter if the test is good or bad. Mom only has you."

Li Ma said seriously. Chen Wan's pretty face was red as she tried to hold back her laughter. Li Mu sighed. "Even my mother doesn't believe me. Well, let's wait for the college entrance examination results to be announced."

Papa Lee immediately decided, "Son, if you can score 120 in English, Dad will give you a laptop!"

In this day and age, any laptop would cost around 10,000 yuan, which was almost equivalent to Papa Lee's annual salary.

Li Mu knew that his family probably didn't even have that much savings.

He was a programmer who had been working as a programmer for more than ten years. Naturally, he was eager to have a computer of his own. However, he couldn't ask his parents for it.

In fact, Li Mu had already made up his mind. Not only the computer, but also the tuition and living expenses for his first year of university. He had to find a way to earn it all this summer.

Therefore, Li Mu said boldly, "Dad, you don't need to give me the notebook. I'll earn it myself during the summer vacation."

As someone who had been reborn, if he didn't have the ability to earn this amount of money in a summer vacation, he would be letting down the heavens and the earth.

However, Li Mu's words left the other three dumbfounded.

In the year 2001, the most profitable employees of state-owned enterprises only earned a little more than 1,000 yuan a month. How could a high school graduate earn 10,000 yuan in two months?

Facing the three pairs of extremely shocked and distrustful eyes, Li Mu didn't joke at all. "I'm serious, and I'm confident."

Chen Wan couldn't help but ask, "Li Mu, I'm very curious. How are you going to earn enough money to buy a laptop in two months?

I bought a laptop at the beginning of the year. I think it cost more than 20,000 yuan. "

Chen Wan wasn't showing off her wealth. She was just reminding Li Mu that it was easy to brag, but it wasn't easy to brag without blowing up. This was a skill.

"You don't have to worry about this. Anyway, I'm confident."

His words were very confident. However, after calming down and analyzing, Li Mu's heart sank.

In the year 2001, the Internet was still a baby in its infancy. No one could guess what the Internet would develop into in the future, except for Li Mu.

Moreover, no one could guess the technological direction of the Internet and mobile Internet in the future, except for Li Mu.

This was also the reason why Li Mu dared to brag in front of his parents and Chen Wan.

However, when he thought about it carefully, Li Mu realized that in this day and age, it wasn't difficult to use the Internet to make money, but the possibility of making quick money was very low.

Hao123, which would be valued at tens of millions in the future, was established as early as 1999. It had been in operation for more than two years, and it had a good foundation. Moreover, even if it was Hao123, it would still take another three years to be acquired by Baidu. If he made another navigation website now, it would take at least one or two years to catch up to Hao123, and he wouldn't be able to make quick money.

Tencent's QQ already had millions of users. Even if he could develop a better software of the same type, it would take him about half a year to write the code. After all, it would take a lot of work to develop a software by himself. If he developed the software in half a year, he wouldn't have the money to promote it. After all, Tencent was already starting to take shape, and Ma Huateng was a master of impersonation. He couldn't beat him at all, and he wouldn't be able to make quick money.

It wasn't just QQ. Li Mu couldn't make many software in the future. He didn't even have a computer. Even if he had a top-of-the-line computer in the future, he would still have to type out the code one by one, not to mention the subsequent promotion and operation. Even if he could do it alone, it would take years, and he wouldn't be able to make quick money.

Even if he imitated Cai Wensheng and registered a bunch of dual-pinyin domain names, it wouldn't be easy to sell them after 2005. First of all, Cai Wensheng had already started to register a large number of dual-pinyin domain names with the Xinhua Dictionary. The domain names that he hadn't thought of were probably Weibo, WeChat, and Taobao, which hadn't appeared yet. Therefore, he still wouldn't be able to make quick money.

What he could think of now were all projects that would take years to incubate. But the deadline he set for himself was only two months.

Li Mu, who was full of lofty sentiments, suddenly felt like he had been f * cked.

Li Mu suddenly thought, If I were to make a list of keywords for the world in 2001, what would I think of?

Bush's presidency, 911, China's entry into the WTO, the successful bid for the Olympic Games, the national football team's qualification, NetEase's suspension, the Internet bubble …

Because it was too long ago, what Li Mu could think of were some sensational events, and most of them were international politics. It was basically impossible for him to make money from these.

The three people beside him were eating, but Li Mu was frowning in a daze.

He felt that he seemed to have overlooked something. It seemed to be very important, but he couldn't grasp it in such a short time.

At this time, Chen Wan found a way for Li Mu to step down. "Actually, computers aren't that useful for studying. There's no need to buy one so early. Nowadays, computers are used for surfing the internet or playing games."

"Games?" When Li Mu heard these two words, his eyes instantly lit up like a lightbulb!

Damn, how could I forget about games!