Chapter 384

In just one night, "Old Boys" became popular during the Spring Festival.

It indeed had all the conditions to become popular. First of all, it had a cliché but fit the core of the market. It was a combination of nostalgia, sensationalism, ideals, and counterattacks. Although it was just a micro film, it still did not stop the majority of people from appreciating it.

Secondly, its casting was very suitable. Not only did Zhang Kexuan have an outstanding voice and good looks, he had also accumulated quite a bit of fame. He was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of a band, so he was very suitable for this role. It was as if it was tailor-made for him. Du Wei was beautiful and had an excellent temperament. She also had a certain level of acting skills. Although she did not have any systematic training in acting, her acting was very sincere, so she won the love of a large number of people. Although Chen Kun was the antagonist, he was moved by the protagonist in the end and could be considered to have turned over a new leaf. In addition, he was also very handsome, so the audience could not hate him even if they wanted to.

Finally, the presentation of the film's camera language was very clever. This was the first time Li Mu was testing the waters as a director. He did not use any special techniques or tricks. He just used the scene in his mind and matched it with a suitable perspective and tone. With the support of a professional like Ning Hao, it made the film look very realistic. It was also able to stir up the emotions of the audience. It could also be said that it was because of the lack of techniques that made the film look more realistic.

Just like Nine Blades' "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years", its plot was actually very cliché. The core was nothing more than a failed first love. But because the casting was very clever and the camera language was very realistic and not pretentious, it was able to lead the craze of youth films and obtain high box office and high ratings.

After the movie was broadcast, Easy Listening website immediately released two of Du Wei's songs, "Years in a Hurry" and "In My Voice". Tieba and Easy Listening website also kept tabs on the relevant data. That night, millions of users discussed, downloaded, and listened to "Old Boys" online. Even when Happy Farm was released, it did not reach this level of popularity.

After all, it was the premiere broadcast by twenty-one provincial television stations at the same time. There were tens of millions of people watching it directly. So this time, "Old Boys" had really gone big …

That night, when Li Mu sent Su Yingxue home, Geng Yang, the young master of God Ji, was driving to Beijing.

During this period of time, he had too much fun and freedom in Beijing, so much that he did not want to spend a minute at home. He finally managed to stay at home until the third day of the Lunar New Year. After dealing with his relatives at home, he drove to Beijing in the night in his newly bought Ferrari.

Tang Quan took the lead and rented a villa and a luxurious yacht in Sanya City, South China Sea. He also contacted a few supermodels from Shanghai and planned to go to Sanya City to have fun for a week. It was said that one person could arrange two female companions, and if they were interested, they could switch with other people in the middle.

Geng Yang was a second-generation rich kid from a small town. He had money, but he didn't know how to play. With his brain, he couldn't think of any creative ways to play. However, Tang Quan was an expert in this field, so it was to Geng Yang's liking.

Geng Yang's father, Geng Jianyong, was about to explode in anger when he saw "Old Boys" on TV.

He did not want to watch it at first, but his daughter was a fan of "Simple Plan," so she kept asking to watch the premiere. His family watched it with him in the living room. He did not expect a scene in the middle to make him faint. In the show, there was a group of uncultured and disgusting people drinking the high-end God Ji White Liquor produced by their own winery. They even said that only they were qualified to drink it. They used this as an excuse to humiliate the male lead. Wasn't this purposely smearing God Ji White Liquor?

Geng Jianyong immediately made a call to find out about the origin of Makino Image. But he was the owner of a local winery. Most of his connections were concentrated in the local area. It was impossible for him to investigate a company in Beijing. But when he remembered that the company was in Beijing, his mind started to turn. Logically speaking, no company would purposely smear their own brand, unless there was competition or conflict. The other party was a cultural company, so it was impossible for them to go against their winery. Therefore, the latter was more likely.

Also, what was the director Li Mu doing?

His son, Geng Yang, had been in Beijing recently. Could it be that he had offended someone?

Geng Jianyong immediately called Geng Yang. Geng Yang was running on the highway and was a little impatient when he received the call. He did not expect Geng Jianyong to question him as soon as he got on the phone, "Did you cause me some trouble in Beijing?"

Geng Yang said in surprise, "No, I've been busy with our wine brand in Beijing. Didn't you see that the sales of our brand in Beijing are getting higher and higher?

The agent in Beijing is a good friend of mine. He is very reliable. I will cooperate with him in the first half of this year and continue to increase our efforts in Beijing. We must make our God Ji White Liquor the top three! "

Geng Jianyong scolded angrily, "Top three? Do you know that our God Ji White Liquor was put in a movie to smear our reputation?"

Geng Yang frowned and asked, "What's going on, dad?"

Geng Jianyong said angrily, "Hurry up and get back here, right now!

Otherwise, don't even think about getting a single cent from the family in the future! "

When Geng Yang heard this, he knew that the matter was probably very serious. His father had always been very tolerant of many things, and under normal circumstances, he would not be so angry. He had spent millions to buy a Ferrari, and he had just called him a prodigal. Today's situation was obviously more serious than buying a Ferrari himself.

Geng Yang immediately got off the highway at the nearest exit, turned around and rushed back. Fortunately, he had only left after dinner, and it had only been more than an hour since he left.

When Geng Yang returned home, the self-built villa was already full of people. Geng Jianyong urgently summoned the backbone of the winery to his home. A winery with annual sales of over a hundred million had nearly twenty backbone employees, among which there were five managers in charge of sales in the major regions of the country, and this did not include Geng Yang, who was in charge of Beijing and the surrounding areas.

Geng Jianyong had gotten to where he was today by working steadily step by step. For so many years, the most important thing in business was reputation. He had been in this brand for more than ten years, and it was only in the past two years that he had truly reached a critical moment of success. In the end, he did not expect that it would suddenly be put in a movie to smear his reputation. He was so angry that he felt like there was a huge rock in his chest. After calling Geng Yang, he immediately summoned the core backbone of the winery.

On the way back to Geng Yang, everyone had already discussed for a few rounds, but they had not come to a conclusion.

They tried to analyze the motives of Makino Image, but they could not figure out why. They tried to think of a way to remedy the situation, but they could not come up with a good solution. Some people even proposed to sue Makino Image, but the biggest problem was how to sue them.

Makino Image did not say anything bad about God Ji's White Liquor. In fact, they praised God Ji's White Liquor as a good wine in the movie. But the key was that the actors who praised it had a bad image, and their quality was so low that it made people's hair stand on end. That was why they directly pulled down the image of God Ji's White Liquor. But how could they sue them in court?

Were they going to sue them for being too ugly and having low quality?

A slightly younger marketing manager said, "Chairman, we can't win against them in this kind of case. Think about it, the villains who often drive luxury cars to bully people in TV shows and movies. The villains who dominate the market all drive BMWs and Mercedes-Benz. Who has ever sued a BMW or a Mercedes-Benz?

We can't win even if we sue them. "

Another manager agreed. "Manager Ye is right. It's impossible to sue them, and even if we did, it would be a long process. What we need to do now is to quickly remedy the situation. This simple plan is now very popular. This' Old Boys' will definitely be rebroadcast in the next few days. We have to quickly find the crux of the problem and think of a way to stop them from rebroadcasting it, or cut out this part of the plot when they broadcast it again."

The younger Manager Ye said, "This time, our Jizhou Provincial Television Station did not broadcast it. Let me make a call to ask about the situation."

Everyone nodded. Manager Ye immediately made a call to his acquaintance at the television station. God Ji started his business in Jizhou Province and had a long-term advertising partnership with Jizhou TV Station. After making a call to the person who was at the receiving end and explaining his intention, the other party said that he had also just finished watching the micro movie and was not clear about the specific situation. However, the other party promised to communicate with the person in charge of the television program in the station.

Ten minutes later, the other party replied with a piece of news. The production team of the provincial television station had indeed received the sample film provided by Makino Image. Initially, they wanted to authorize Jizhou Provincial Television Station to premiere it for free, but after the production team's person-in-charge reviewed the film, he felt that this film would clash with God Ji and God Ji, so he directly suppressed it. However, he was not from the advertising department, so he did not inform the advertising department of this matter.

After that, the other party also revealed another piece of data. The television stations that had premiered "Old Boys" had reached a new high in viewership ratings. The main reason for this was that some of the television stations in different regions were not included in the scope of the premiere broadcast, so the audience was watching the television program from different regions.

The meaning behind his words was very clear. "Old Boys" micro movie was coming in ferociously, and the influence of this movie would be very big. God Ji and God Ji were currently in a very serious situation.

When everyone heard this news, they all had a serious look on their faces.

At this moment, Geng Yang came back.

When he entered the door and saw such a big scene, Geng Yang was also a little shocked. On the way back, he was still thinking about what had happened, but he could not figure it out. When he saw so many people, Geng Yang realized that the situation was very serious. Could it really be related to him?

When Geng Jianyong saw Geng Yang come back, he immediately called him over with a dark expression and questioned him, "Tell me honestly, did you offend someone in Yanjing?"

Geng Yang's face was full of surprise. "No …"

Geng Jianyong said, "Do you have any impression of a company called Makino Image?"

Geng Yang shook his head. "No …"

Geng Jianyong asked again, "Then do you know a person called Li Mu?"