Chapter 1679

The news that Schwarzenegger was elected governor of California spread all over the world in the middle of the night in Hua Xia.

In order to do Schwarzenegger a favor, Li Mu let Makino Technology's Weibo, Titter, YY, and YY simultaneously release the news, adding fuel to the spread of the news of Schwarzenegger's election as governor of California around the world.

One thing that was very similar to Li Mu was that Schwarzenegger also had a very high reputation around the world. His image in "The Terminator" was so iconic that his reputation around the world was no less than Michael Jackson's.

However, an action star who played the "Terminator" suddenly became the governor of California. This contrast surprised people all over the world.

Li Mu was shocked by this news. He still remembered his original thoughts. He felt that it was incredible that an actor could become the governor of a state. He even wondered if Schwarzenegger had bribed the election and doubted whether he had the ability to manage such a large state of California.

At that time, Li Mu did not understand much about American politics. He used the situation of Hua Xia's officialdom to trick Schwarzenegger. It felt like Hua Xia, a martial arts star, suddenly became a senior official of the most economically developed province one day. It felt strongly unreal.

Later, after gradually understanding how politics worked in the United States, Li Mu was no longer surprised by this matter. Even a lawyer could run for president. What's the fuss about a star becoming a governor?

But then again, Schwarzenegger's ability to govern was indeed a bit embarrassing. During his years in office, he basically did not make any truly outstanding political achievements. The government deficit continued to grow, education, infrastructure, entertainment, employment, and the economy. The whole was a mess. At the end of his term, his support rate had fallen to the bottom. Compared to his support rate of nearly 70% when he took office, Schwarzenegger could be said to have finally left in disgrace.

Li Mu believed that at this moment, Schwarzenegger, who was waiting to take office in the eyes of the world, must be full of enthusiasm to show his ability to govern. However, he certainly would not believe that from the day he took office, it was basically going downhill.

This was an eight-year downhill road. The worst thing was that there was the 2008 financial crisis in between. It was almost equivalent to a cliff road. Schwarzenegger should feel great pressure soon after taking office.

…

The next day, a well-known talk show on CNN conducted an exclusive interview with Schwarzenegger.

Since the news of Schwarzenegger being elected governor of California was the hottest topic in the world, this interview also attracted the attention of hundreds of millions of viewers in the United States and even around the world.

On the show, Schwarzenegger wore a well-fitting suit on the stage. The handsome suit completely hid his muscles, and it also made his entire temperament undergo a tremendous change.

Most of the audience was used to his image of wantonly showing off his muscles on the screen. Suddenly seeing him so serious, it was difficult for them to get used to it.

Even the host couldn't help but exclaim, "Arnold, to be honest, this is the first time I've seen you in a suit. I really didn't expect that such a strong bodybuilder, such a rough and wild action actor would have such a gentlemanly side."

Arnold Schwarzenegger sat gracefully on the interview sofa and said with a smile, "To tell you the truth, when I was preparing to run for governor, I was also shocked by my reflection in the mirror. I asked myself several times in the mirror, 'Who am I? Why am I dressed like this?'"

The host asked with a smile, "How did you get used to it later?"

Schwarzenegger shrugged his shoulders and said with a smile, "I looked at my unfamiliar reflection in the mirror and said, 'You're going to run for governor. You're going to fulfill your political ambitions. You're going to let the world know that you're not only a good actor, but also a good governor. You're going to make California a better place. The first step to doing all this is to put on a suit."

The host smiled and nodded. At the same time, he applauded with the audience. After the applause, he said seriously, "I believe that now, not only the people of California, but the people of the United States and even the world are very curious. How are you going to govern California? What changes are you going to bring to California?"

Schwarzenegger said seriously, "First of all, I want to reduce California's financial expenditure. To be honest, before I ran for governor, I couldn't believe that the previous group of people could run California like this."

Speaking of this, Schwarzenegger stretched out a finger and said emotionally, "Can you imagine that California actually has a budget deficit of billions of dollars? California's financial expenditure has reached a crazy level. The money that is wasted is not the California government's money. It is all the California taxpayers' money, including the taxes that I have contributed to California as an actor."

The host laughed and said, "Oh, I believe that there must be a lot of your taxes. After all, you are a top actor in Hollywood, and your salary is as high as tens of millions of dollars."

Schwarzenegger said helplessly, "But you see, we have contributed so much money to California, and the California government has spent even more money, but California itself has become worse and worse. Our education and medical problems have increased, our government's operating efficiency is low, our roads are getting worse, and the environment is getting worse. These are all the dereliction of duty of the California government."

The supporter asked, "Arnold, you will be inaugurated next week. Have you and your team thought about how to solve the problems you just mentioned?"

Schwarzenegger said, "We will start from the essence of each problem, reduce spending, improve the efficiency of the government, and at the same time, reduce the basic burden of the people. I will announce the specific measures after I am sworn in."

The supporter smiled and said, "Talk to us about the inauguration ceremony and the private party after the inauguration ceremony. You are a famous A-list star in Hollywood. I believe there should be many Hollywood stars at the scene to support you, right?"

Schwarzenegger smiled and said seriously, "I really want to invite all of Hollywood, but unfortunately, there is no such large venue. My election this time is inseparable from the support of Hollywood filmmakers. If California wants to become better in the future, it will also be inseparable from the contribution of these elites."

The supporter nodded and said, "Oh yes, as the upcoming governor, I believe the people of California will not only pay attention to how many celebrity friends you have, but also how many entrepreneur friends you have. After all, California's economic development is extremely outstanding, and there is Silicon Valley, the cradle of the IT industry. There should be many entrepreneurs attending this inauguration ceremony to support you, right?"

Schwarzenegger smiled and said, "I have invited many CEOs of Silicon Valley companies. I even invited Bill Gates, who is not in Silicon Valley, and Bill accepted the invitation very readily. At that time, I will also have a serious talk with Bill about Microsoft's investment in California."

Speaking up to this point, Schwarzenegger smiled mysteriously and said, "Oh yes, I also invited an even more heavyweight entrepreneur."

"Oh?" The host asked in surprise, "An even more heavyweight entrepreneur?

More heavyweight than Microsoft's Bill Gates? "

"That's right." Schwarzenegger nodded mysteriously.

The host hurriedly asked, "Who is it?"

Schwarzenegger paused and then said seriously, "It is the chairman of Makino Technology, Li Mu."

"Oh my God!" The host exclaimed and said, "Li Mu?!

Li Mu, who is estimated to be worth more than 100 billion US dollars on Wall Street? "

Schwarzenegger nodded and said with a smile, "100 billion US dollars is just a conservative estimate. According to the news I have received, Makino Technology's valuation is still around 200 billion US dollars. Now the individual valuation of Titter has reached 40 to 50 billion US dollars. Coupled with Mr. Lee's other industries, I believe that his personal net worth is already more than 200 billion US dollars."

The host was amazed and said, "A personal net worth of 200 billion US dollars, this is really incredible!"

Schwarzenegger smiled slightly and said, "If you have the opportunity to interview Mr. Lee, I believe he will not admit that his net worth is more than 200 billion US dollars. He will not even admit that his net worth is more than 100 billion US dollars."

The host was puzzled and asked, "Why?"

Schwarzenegger said, "Mr. Lee has always been relatively low-key. He does not believe in valuation. He thinks that valuation itself is just a concept."

The host asked curiously, "In the Internet industry, isn't valuation a very common measurement standard?"

Schwarzenegger imitated Li Mu's tone and said seriously, "For example, if you have an ancient painting at home, people say that it should be worth about 10 million US dollars, and this 10 million US dollars is the valuation. However, when you take it to the market to sell, the highest price that the real buyer is willing to pay may only be 200,000 US dollars, and this 200,000 US dollars is its true value."

After that, Schwarzenegger said again, "I guess we can only wait for Makino Technology to go public before we can determine the true value of Mr. Lee."

The host nodded and then asked, "Arnold, can you tell us how you know Mr. Lee?

I don't think I've heard that you know each other before. "

Schwarzenegger smiled and said in a deliberately mystifying manner, "We have known each other for a long time, but Mr. Lee has always been low-key, so the outside world rarely knows about it."

The host exclaimed, "Li Mu came all the way from Hua Xia to attend your inauguration ceremony and celebration party. I believe that Mr. Lee also attaches great importance to you. Then I want to ask, for you, will this be an opportunity to promote in-depth cooperation with Li Mu in California, and even with Hua Xia?"

Schwarzenegger said with certainty, "I believe it will."

In Hua Xia, thousands of miles away, Li Mu was in his office. After watching Schwarzenegger's interview video, he shook his head helplessly.

Li Ziwei, who was next to him, handed him a cup of coffee and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, do you think that Schwarzenegger said too much?"

Li Mu shook his head and sighed. "I just think that he is not shrewd enough, and he is not patient enough. However, after all, he is a politician who has not been trained for a long time. I can't ask for too much."

After that, Li Mu said with a smile, "But this is a good thing for us. The more Schwarzenegger talks to the outside world, the more worried he is that I will drop the ball. Originally, I should be the one asking him to do things for me, but if he continues to be so smug, he will soon be the one begging me to do things for him."