Chapter 755

"Dad, Mom!

Come and watch TV. The interview is about to start! "

On Sunday night, Zhao Ziqiu only ate two mouthfuls of rice and sat in front of the TV in the living room, waiting impatiently.

Li Mu had accepted an exclusive interview with CCTV two days ago. Tonight's interview and face-to-face would be broadcast continuously. During the live news broadcast, the host reported a piece of news related to Taobao. It said that after Taobao made a single day of sales of 2.683 billion, it basically completed more than 90% of the orders in less than four days. The efficiency was amazing, and the customer satisfaction was extremely high.

Li Mu did not appear in the news broadcast, and the content did not mention Li Mu. However, at the end of the news, the host introduced that the interview later would lead the audience to understand Taobao in depth, the e-commerce company that created a miracle in the domestic Internet industry and retail industry.

Although Zhao Ziqiu, who did not see Li Mu in the news broadcast, was a little disappointed, she quickly pinned her hopes on the subsequent interview. So she had been sitting in front of the TV, waiting for the interview to start.

As soon as the news broadcast ended, Zhao Ziqiu hurried to the dining room and urged her parents to watch TV together.

Zhao Xianliang and his wife Xie Yun looked at each other helplessly. They raised their heads and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "What's the hurry? It's just half past seven. The weather forecast hasn't been broadcast yet."

Zhao Ziqiu urged, "The weather forecast will be over in the blink of an eye."

"Let it be over."

Zhao Xianliang deliberately said casually, "Anyway, I'm not very interested in Li Mu's affairs. You can watch it yourself."

"Dad!" Zhao Ziqiu said angrily, "How can you lie!"

Zhao Xianliang asked her curiously, "What did I lie about?"

Zhao Ziqiu snorted, "You said you're not interested in Li Mu, so why did you ask someone to investigate him?"

As early as a few days ago, Zhao Xianliang had talked to Zhao Ziqiu about Li Mu. But at that time, because he had already determined that there was no ambiguous relationship between Li Mu and Wei Lan, Zhao Xianliang only revealed Li Mu's assets and businesses to Zhao Ziqiu. Surprised, Zhao Ziqiu also asked him how he knew these things. At that time, Zhao Xianliang admitted that he had secretly sent someone to investigate Li Mu.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang deliberately said with a smile, "I just want to find out his situation. As for how he will show off on TV today, I'm really not interested."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at her mother and said coquettishly, "Mom, you see dad is acting shamelessly, but you don't care about him!"

Xie Yun smiled and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Don't worry about him. It's not that he's not interested, but he's too embarrassed to watch Li Mu's interview. He has worked hard for half of his life, and now Li Mu is about to catch up with him in just a year. He's under a lot of pressure."

As she said that, Xie Yun stood up and walked to Zhao Ziqiu. She held her arm and said with a smile, "Let's go. Mom will accompany you. Let him stay in the dining room."

Then, Xie Yun took Zhao Ziqiu's hand and jogged all the way to the living room. The mother and daughter laughed and joked like good friends, and they went straight to the living room.

Zhao Xianliang was jealous, but he still put down the bowl and chopsticks, quickly caught up with them, and said pretentiously, "I earned every penny with my feet on the ground. Why should I be embarrassed?"

Hearing this, the mother and daughter looked at each other and smiled, tacitly ignoring him. Zhao Xianliang felt bored, but he still sat on the single sofa with a calm face. In order to hide his embarrassment, he deliberately lit a cigar.

…

At this moment, Su Yingxue and her family in Haizhou were sitting in front of the TV.

It was Sunday, and her father, Su Weimin, and her mother, Fang Min, were not at work. They had dinner before seven o 'clock, and the family sat in the living room to watch the whole news broadcast.

After the news broadcast, Su Weimin stood up and stretched. He suggested to Fang Min and Su Yingxue, "Shall we go for a walk in the park?"

"Okay."

Fang Min agreed almost without hesitation. Taking a walk in the evening in summer was a very comfortable thing, and the temperature outside had dropped. Fortunately, it was Sunday. Otherwise, Su Weimin would not have gotten off work, and the family of three would not have the opportunity to go for a walk in the park.

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment. Seeing that her mother was about to stand up from the sofa, she hurriedly said, "Dad, Mom, why don't we wait to watch the focus interview?"

Su Yingxue had long known that Li Mu had accepted an interview with CCTV, and that the interview would be broadcast tonight, but she had not told her parents. It was not that she did not want to say it, but she did not know how to say it. Should she tell them that Li Mu, whom they had been carefully guarding against, was actually a billionaire?

She was afraid that no matter how sincere she said it, they would not believe it at all. Instead, it was better to let them watch the TV report themselves. It would be easier.

"What's so good about that Taobao website? If you want to watch it, watch it at home. I'll go for a walk with your mother."

Su Weimin and Fang Min were both public officials, so they attached great importance to the news broadcast. However, the focus interview depended on the specific situation. If there was a major case, or if there was a policy adjustment in some aspect of the country, the two of them would definitely be interested. But just now, the news broadcast had said that today's focus interview would lead everyone to an in-depth understanding of Taobao website, so both of them felt uninterested.

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Oh, are you in a hurry?

The focus interview will only last ten or twenty minutes. We can go out together after watching it. You two can't leave me alone at home. "

Fang Min smiled helplessly and said to Su Weimin, "Let's watch it. It's the same after watching it. There are many people going out at this time. For example, we can go out after eight o 'clock."

Su Weimin shrugged and said, "Okay, then we'll go out after watching it."

Su Yingxue did not say that there would be a follow-up face-to-face interview, which would last nearly an hour. It was meaningless to say it now. It was better to wait until they watched the focus interview first. It was estimated that after watching the focus interview, they would not think about going out and would stay at home to watch the face-to-face interview.

…

Also in Haizhou, the Li family and the Xiao family were also sitting in front of the TV at home, waiting for the start of the focus interview. Papa Lee and Li Ma called their families to tell them that they must remember to watch the focus interview, but they did not explain to their families what to watch.

…

In Yan Jing, in a well-decorated single apartment near Wanying Real Estate, Wei Lan sat on the tatami in the living room, watching TV while calling her father in the United States.

It was a little past 7: 30 in the morning, American time. Wei Lan's parents deliberately ended their morning exercise early today and returned home to watch the program on satellite TV. This was because Wei Lan had told them that there would be a series of reports and interviews about Li Mu in the focus interview and face-to-face interview. The Wei family, which had experienced great ups and downs, regarded Li Mu as the savior of the entire Wei family. For Wei Jun, knowing that his daughter would follow Li Mu to work at Wanying Real Estate for three years, he was also very curious about what kind of person Li Mu was. Even he had repeatedly praised Li Mu.

…

At this time, almost all the people in the Internet industry were sitting in front of the TV, waiting to witness the rise of Li Mu. Among them were Boss Ma, who was overwrought with the new project, Li Zong, who had always been obsessed with Makino Technology and couldn't wait to acquire Easy Hearing, and Boss Ma, who had recently been under the criticism of the media and society.

…

At the same time, Li Mu was at Ziyun Villa, accompanying his parents nervously, waiting for the broadcast of the focus interview.

In the previous interview, Li Mu felt that he had performed very naturally and was very satisfied, but that was only in response to the various questions that Sun Junyi had asked him that day. He did not know what the finished film would be like, nor did he know whether his expression and actions in front of the camera showed any signs of fear.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were much more nervous than Li Mu. The two sat next to each other and held hands tightly. Watching the weather forecast made their hearts beat faster.

A few minutes later, Papa Lee suddenly sat up straight and spat out three words, "It's starting!"

Then, Li Ma, who was next to him, also quickly sat up straight. She stretched out her other hand and held Papa Lee's hands together.

At this time, on the TV screen, the majestic opening music sounded. Ten seconds later, Sun Junyi, who was interviewing Li Mu, appeared in the middle of the screen.

"Hello, everyone. Welcome to today's focus interview. I'm your host, Sun Junyi."

After the routine opening, Sun Junyi went straight to the point. "The 23rd of July that just passed seemed like an ordinary day. It was neither a festival nor a holiday, and there was no special meaning. However, it was on such an ordinary day in the virtual Internet world that a website sold 2.683 billion yuan worth of goods in one day. It could be said to have created a miracle …

"Many people may not have a clear idea of what 2.683 billion yuan of sales means. Behind this figure, how many people's interests are affected. Now, please follow our reporter and understand the meaning behind this figure."

As soon as Sun Junyi's voice fell, the screen switched to the assembly line of a factory. The entire assembly line had hundreds of workers working nervously and orderly. A large number of palm-sized circuit boards were produced from the production line and sent to the follow-up workers through a conveyor belt for assembly.

The camera moved, and a female reporter walked in the opposite direction of the camera. She gradually appeared on the screen and then stood in front of the camera with a microphone.

"Hello everyone, it's 4: 30 in the morning in Beijing, and we're in the No. 1 workshop of Shenzhen Science and Technology Co., Ltd. In this workshop, there are a total of three assembly lines operating at full capacity for 24 hours straight. What exactly are the products they're producing?

Let's go to the other end of the assembly line and have a look. "

The camera followed the female reporter's movements. At the other end of the assembly line, the circuit boards had already been installed into brand new repeaters. The workers were carrying out the final quality inspection and packaging.

The female reporter picked up one of the repeaters that had just come off the assembly line and said to the camera, "In my hand is a Zhinda repeater that has just been produced. Two months ago, Zhinda's three repeaters production lines had already been shut down. The remaining production line's working time is less than eight hours a day. With two production lines shut down, Zhinda's repeaters production workshop has laid off more than 200 people. The remaining 30 people are barely able to maintain the production of one production line."

Speaking up to this point, the female reporter changed the topic and said, "But a month ago, Zhinda recruited close to 300 workers in a short period of time. Not only did they reopen all three repeaters production lines, they also entered a state of continuous production 24/7. More than 300 workers worked in three shifts to ensure that the equipment never stops. What caused such a huge change in Zhinda's repeaters business?

Let's interview the production director of Zhinda Technology Co., Ltd., Li Bin. "

At this time, a middle-aged man with a somewhat nervous expression appeared beside the female reporter. The reporter passed the microphone to his mouth and asked, "Director Li, can you explain to our audience why Zhinda's repeaters business has undergone such a huge change in such a short period of time?"

Even though the middle-aged man known as Director Li had a nervous expression on his face, he was very fluent in his narration. "Our Smart Da Audio Recorder business started to turn cold at the beginning of this year, and the market sales dropped drastically. Due to the declining market sales and the declining profits, our company had no choice but to gradually reduce production and lay off workers. In May of this year, our audio recorder business dropped from its peak of three shifts on three production lines, which was three shifts on three production lines, to its lowest point, one shift on one production line. Our production capacity dropped to one-tenth of what it used to be, and the layoffs reached eighty-five percent.

But after entering June, our company participated in Taobao's summer holiday brand promotion. Once the promotion went live, our pre-sales skyrocketed, so we immediately adjusted our production capacity, returning it to its peak of three lines, three shifts. The entire repeaters business added another 300 jobs, and now our company is speeding up the construction of two new production lines. It's estimated that we can start production in September of this year. At that time, our production capacity will increase by at least 60%, and we'll add another 200 jobs. "

The reporter revealed a shocked expression. "That's a huge difference!

Then can you tell us how many Zhinda repeaters were sold on Taobao's brand day? "

Director Li said, "Including the pre-sales and brand day, our sales exceeded 600,000 units."

"Wow, 600,000!

That's a really shocking number! "

Director Li nodded. "Our Zhinda repeaters are the double champion of Taobao's summer holiday brand day sales and total sales. Moreover, after the brand day, we still sold about 20,000 units a day on Taobao's website. Although it's gradually falling, we believe that at the end of August and the beginning of September, we'll welcome a new peak."

The reporter asked again, "You just said that it was only during the Taobao's brand day event in June. Then I'd like to ask, how many Zhinda repeaters sold in May?"

Director Li said, "Our nationwide monthly sales in May just reached 80,000 units, and the pressure of inventory and refunds from dealers was more than 400,000 units. But the nationwide market sales of the repeaters exceeded 1 million units in May."

The reporter asked in shock, "With such a large inventory and refund pressure, it must have caused a lot of trouble for the company, right?"

Director Li nodded and sighed. "If it wasn't for the fact that we opened up a sales channel on Taobao's website, Zhinda had plans to completely stop the repeaters business this year. If we really stopped, the company's losses would be as high as 100 million RMB, and at least 400 jobs would be lost …"

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang, who was watching the television with a cigar in his mouth, had his eyes light up. He smacked his lips and exclaimed, "Putting so much effort into laying the groundwork, Central TV is really Li Mu's mother!"