Chapter 591

Li Mu's sense of business opportunities and resources was almost unparalleled in this era. Originally, he just wanted to help Du Wei do Mo Wenwei a favor, but he found a new way for e-commerce. Once Rolling Stone's records were all authorized by Taobao, and Taobao proved its innate advantage in the field of audio and video sales with its own strong channel strength, Li Mu believed that Taobao would definitely become the savior of record companies.

More importantly, once he got the authorization from Rolling Stone and even other record companies, Taobao's brand image would be promoted again. Once the record companies realized the importance of Taobao to them, he could ask for more resources from them. Just imagine, once these record companies got the benefits from Taobao, they would compromise more with Li Mu. Even all the singers under them, no matter how famous they were, had to give face to Li Mu and record a VCR. Just like the stars' blessing that TV stations often did, it was just a matter of a few words for the stars, but it was very meaningful for Taobao.

For example: "Hello everyone, I'm Liu Dehua. My new album is now released. If you want to buy my original album, please log in to Taobao's website and buy it with confidence!

Buy the original album, go to Taobao! "

"Hello everyone, I'm Liang Jingru. My new album will be officially released next month. If you are interested, you must pay attention to it. At that time, Taobao will sell it at the same time as the physical store. Buy the original album, go to Taobao!"

"Hi everyone, I'm Zhou Jielun …"

Li Mu's mind was thinking of such a picture one after another. If dozens or hundreds of singers recorded such a VCR, the reputation of Taobao would rise to more than one level at once. The impact on brand awareness was much more useful than finding stars to directly endorse Taobao. Every singer had his own loyal fans. The more stars there were, the more fans and users they could cover. For Taobao, this was definitely a great thing to achieve great things with little effort.

Li Mu even thought that after he got through the record companies and their singers, he could get involved in the ticketing market at any time. Whether it was Damai, Yongle Ticketing, Tengxun Weiying Ticketing, or Alipay Ticketing, they all started very late. Now the mainland's performing arts market had not really started, and the film market had not really risen. At this time, if there was a chance to do online ticketing, he could basically monopolize it without much effort. Moreover, after he had the resources of these record companies, once their artists performed in the mainland, he could directly help them sell tickets online. This was definitely a good thing for them.

The boss of Rolling Stone was very concerned about this matter. He immediately asked the general manager of Rolling Stone's Yanjing branch to contact Li Mu and discuss the signing time. They were willing to sign a contract with Li Mu at any time and authorize all the albums of all their artists to be sold on Taobao. Li Mu replied, "We can sign a contract at any time, but if you want the album to be released on Taobao as soon as possible, you have to send a few employees with all the album samples to Taobao to assist the employees of Taobao in collecting and uploading the album content. The faster the upload, the faster the album will be sold online."

The general manager of Rolling Stone's Yanjing branch immediately said, "We can immediately transfer five employees to Taobao to cooperate with the uploading work."

"Okay."

Li Mu said, "Well, come directly to Taobao tomorrow morning to sign the contract. If it's convenient for you, you can directly bring the docking employees and the album samples. I'll ask someone to arrange a photographer. Once the contract is signed tomorrow, we'll immediately start uploading the album."

The other party asked, "Li Zong, when we receive orders for our albums, what's the mode of delivery?"

Li Mu said, "You can give us the album in advance. We have a number of warehouses in China, so we'll arrange the delivery."

The other party immediately breathed a sigh of relief. If he was in charge of the delivery, he really wouldn't know how to do it in a short time. He didn't have many people on hand, and he had to send five people to Taobao to upload the information. He couldn't take care of the delivery at all.

Li Mu also wanted to control the delivery process, so he took the delivery process into his own hands. In the future, most of the B2C business might be operated by this method of distributed warehouse delivery. It was also a good thing to let these employees practice in advance.

…

Mo Wenwei's "Fruit of Midsummer" continued to ferment. Radio and TV stations also began to play it on a loop. The song's popularity continued to rise, and Mo Wenwei suddenly entered the eyes of the people all over the country. Her agent received more than 20 invitations and quotations from mainland performers today. Including the premium, the new price had even reached three times the previous appearance fee. Moreover, many mainland TV stations were contacting her agent to invite her to various programs and announcements.

The agent told Mo Wenwei that she might be very busy in the next few months, and might even spend 80% of her time in China. Mo Wenwei was very happy when she heard this. Behind Hong Kong was a large market with more than one billion people. Now, she finally had the opportunity to go to this huge market in China to prove herself!

The news of Mo Wenwei's sudden popularity in China also spread throughout the entertainment industry of Hong Kong and Taiwan, especially in the music industry. Those who had a good relationship with Mo Wenwei called to congratulate her. Those who had a good relationship with Mo Wenwei mainly called to learn about the current development situation in China, as well as the background of Makino Technology. They also hoped that one day, they could be hit by the same good luck.

At 9: 30 in the evening, Mo Wenwei's agent called her again. This time, she was still a little excited. She said excitedly, "Karen, I just received a call. Another mainland TV station has invited you to appear on the program!"

Mo Wenwei asked her curiously, "Which TV station is it this time?"

"Xiangnan Satellite TV," Happy Camp ", do you know? This program is now the most popular variety program in China, no one can compare!

Its ratings in China are extremely high!

Those who can appear on this program are basically A-list or even super-A-list big names! "

The agent was right. Since Chen Wan joined "Happy Camp" and brought the game "Who is Undercover" into "Happy Camp", "Happy Camp" has become the most popular program among variety shows. Now it has become the most popular program among variety shows in China, and it has surpassed the second place by a large margin. It is absolutely a crane in a flock of chickens.

With high ratings and fame, the program team of "Happy Camp" has also set their sights higher. Now, the stars who can be invited by "Happy Camp" are basically A-list stars in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland. Before today, Mo Wenwei, who has been relatively quiet in the past two years, would definitely not be chosen by "Happy Camp". But today, her rapid popularity has made "Happy Camp" a little impatient.

In fact, even if "Happy Camp" is aware of Mo Wenwei's rapid popularity, it will not react so quickly. After all, the program team itself still has a certain pride. They will never rush to grab a star like other TV stations. What's more, the guests for several future episodes have already been booked. Even if they want to do Mo Wenwei's program, they will have to wait until next month at least.

In fact, the most important reason why Mo Wenwei was invited so quickly was Chen Wan.

When Chen Wan, who had just returned to Yanjing from Xiangdu, found that YY was promoting Mo Wenwei, she realized that it was Li Mu's deliberate action. Otherwise, Easy Listening Network would not have promoted her, but YY of Makino Technology would not have followed suit. With such a big movement and the cooperation of the two companies, it was estimated that only Li Mu could do it.

Although Chen Wan did not know why Li Mu wanted to promote Mo Wenwei so vigorously, there was only one thought in her mind. Since Li Mu had such a need in this regard, she had to find a way to help him no matter what. She had no feelings for Mo Wenwei, let alone friendship. Everything was for Li Mu.

Therefore, she immediately called the director of the program team, Zhou Sheng, and suggested that she hope to invite Mo Wenwei to participate in the program as soon as possible. Zhou Sheng was a little reluctant at first, because on the one hand, such a rush would make the program team lose face. On the other hand, if they were to do Mo Wenwei's program now, it would inevitably affect the program plan that had been set. Celebrities' schedules were very tight, and they might not have time to cooperate with a temporary adjustment.

However, Chen Wan persuaded him with a theory. "Makino Technology is now vigorously promoting Mo Wenwei and her album. If we respond quickly, there is a great chance to cooperate with them again. If we produce Mo Wenwei's program as soon as possible, maybe they will promote Mo Wenwei's program again, just like how they promoted Du Wei's program last time." As soon as she said this, Zhou Sheng immediately made a decision.

Don't think about anything else, just invite Mo Wenwei as soon as possible. As long as Mo Wenwei confirmed to participate in the program, the whole program team would work overtime in the next recording. Originally, they would record two episodes at a time, but this time, they would work overtime for one day to record three episodes, and they would record Mo Wenwei's episode first. In this way, they could record Mo Wenwei's program quickly without changing the recording time of other stars. Although the broadcasting time of the following episodes would be postponed for a week, the recording time of the stars would not change, so there was no need to rearrange the schedule with them. Therefore, it did not matter.

The reason why Zhou Sheng suddenly paid so much attention to Mo Wenwei was because of the powerful promotion ability of Makino Technology. The fundamental reason why "Happy Camp" was so outstanding was that Makino Technology had made a large-scale promotion for Chen Wan's first episode, which suddenly pushed the program's ratings to an amazing height. This time, he naturally hoped that he could cooperate with Makino Technology again through Mo Wenwei.