Chapter 875

On the other side of the ocean in the United States.

Hua Xia's magical software stirred up a very special whirlwind. This whirlwind was almost silent in the world of ordinary people, but in Silicon Valley, Wall Street, Washington, and Seattle, this whirlwind almost swept through every high-tech company.

YY, the "instant messaging software" that was regarded by the American elite as a tool to improve work efficiency, was spreading among the elite in a special way.

Almost every company in Silicon Valley began to use YY as a necessary tool for work. They could group chat at any time, share information and documents at any time, and send all kinds of documents to their partners at any time.

YY's online, offline, and breakpoint continuation functions were a huge boon for IT professionals to transfer hundreds of megabytes of files. Before this, there was no software that could achieve such a safe and effective form of file transfer. The online transfer of large files could only be done online, and if there was a problem with the network, they would have to start all over again.

The offline transfer of large files was even more difficult. At this stage, almost all email attachments had strict size limits. Email service providers had to control the size of the attachments to reduce the server transmission and storage pressure. Some companies could build their own corporate email servers, and it was fine. Those that did not have this ability could only compress the files into multiple compressed packages and then send them in batches. Users would receive all the compressed packages and decompress them together to get the large files that the other party wanted to transfer.

Now, using YY, one could directly transfer large files offline to one's target users. Although there was a limit to the daily transfer volume, it had essentially solved this problem. If one needed a larger offline file transfer and a longer server retention time, they only needed to purchase a YY membership.

Topping up a membership not only allowed a larger offline file transfer, but also allowed them to form more and larger groups. Therefore, to these elites, YY membership was simply the cheapest and most cost-effective value-added service in the Internet industry.

A monthly membership fee of 10 RMB was equivalent to 1.2 USD. In the eyes of the American elites, it was ridiculously cheap. However, the biggest problem was that they did not have Alipay. Even if they had Alipay, they did not have Hua Xia's bank card. Even if they did not care about such a small amount of money, there was no way for them to purchase the YY membership service for the time being.

There was no way to top up the membership, which made this group of American elites who had practical business needs anxious. The Chinese were relatively easy to solve, and the Hua Xia citizens were the most convenient. Basically, all of them had Alipay. Even if they were not Hua Xia citizens, they could still buy at least a year of YY membership with the help of their relatives and friends in China. However, it was troublesome for these foreigners who were not of Hua Xia descent or Hua Xia nationality. In order to solve this need, they could only look for Hua Xia people everywhere for help.

However, not everyone had a Chinese friend. Those who couldn't find a way to get in would go crazy with anxiety.

The group wasn't big enough!

What to do?

Damn it, register another sockpuppet?

That was not a good idea. Different accounts could easily confuse the collaborators and cause trouble for the other party.

The sudden emergence of this strong demand almost immediately made the Chinese in the United States realize this business opportunity. They immediately opened stores on eBay to help American and international users to top up the YY membership. The YY membership, which originally cost 1.2 USD per month, was sold for around 2 USD on eBay. It was a 66% increase. Even so, it did not stop the enthusiasm of these overseas users.

In less than 48 hours, Li Mu received shocking data. The number of downloads of YY in the United States had exceeded 500,000, and the number of registered users exceeded 800,000. Among them, the number of members exceeded 70%!

What really shocked Li Mu was the 70% number of members!

It should be known that in Hua Xia, the overall percentage of YY members had only just reached 10%. This was achieved because of the huge convenience of the domestic users who had Alipay as a top-up channel. However, in the United States, which was far away across the ocean, they had no way of buying a YY membership. So how could it reach 70%?

This was unbelievable!

Li Mu immediately got someone to look through the purchase records and found out that among the 70% of members, many of them had an Alipay account and were top-up members for thousands or even tens of thousands of YY numbers at the same time!

This was obviously against common sense!

Following the clues, Li Mu found out about the benefits of top-up members on eBay!

Among the 600,000 overseas members, at least 400,000 were sold through eBay. Moreover, the average membership time for each user was 6.5 months. That meant that on average, each number had spent around 13 USD to top-up the YY membership. The total amount had reached a staggering 5.2 million USD!

Just the eBay store owners who had helped the Chinese to top up the YY membership had brought in more than 2 million USD in revenue!

It could be seen that the enthusiasm of the overseas elite users for YY was beyond Li Mu's imagination!

Just as Li Mu was surprised by the popularity of YY among the American elite, Sequoia Capital in Silicon Valley had yet to realize the awesomeness of YY software.

S was a senior VP and board member of Sequoia Capital. Recently, he had been looking for suitable internet startups in the United States. In the ten years since he joined Sequoia Capital, he had invested in no less than a hundred startups, and the project's profit ratio had reached more than 80%.

S was currently looking through the business plans of some startups in his mailbox. A few startups that were currently following up piqued his interest. So, he was not aware of the popularity of YY in Silicon Valley.

Not only him, but the entire Sequoia headquarters was still unaware of the popularity of YY in other companies. For the big shots in the Sequoia Capital headquarters, what they really cared about were the world-class internet companies in Silicon Valley and the projects they were incubating.

As for Makino Technology in Hua Xia, these big shots were not interested in it. They just followed the capital's keen sense of smell and proposed a task to Hua Xia Sequoia, asking them to reach a financing agreement with this currently popular company as soon as possible. As for the origin of this company, it was up to the team of Hua Xia of Sequoia Capital to figure it out themselves.

S finished reading the business plans in his mailbox. He was a little annoyed. Other than the few companies he had been following up on, he had not found any new targets recently. After reading all the dozens of business plans in his mailbox, none of them were satisfactory to him.

Just as he was about to rest his eyes, S suddenly received a call. It was his college classmate, who was currently working as a senior executive in a high-tech company in Seattle.

Over the phone, his university classmate said to him, "Eric, there's a newly established software company in Seattle. They've developed a new graphic design software. It's very promising, and they're looking for investors now. Are you interested?"

"Graphic design software?

S's eyes lit up and he said with a smile, "Can you tell me more about it?"

The other party briefly introduced the graphic processing software and then said, "Why don't I send you their BP and related information? You should be interested after reading it. They made a demonstration video. Believe me, this is really a magical software."

S said, "Then send the information to my mailbox."

The other party immediately laughed. "Hey, I have more than 500 megabytes of information here. How do you want me to send it to your mailbox?"

S said subconsciously, "Then wait for me to log on to MSN. MSN is more convenient, but the key is that its stability is terrible. If it breaks, you have to start over again. If it's more than 500 megabytes, pray to God …"

The other party could not help but ask him, "Hey, Eric, are you in Silicon Valley?"

"Yes.

S said, "I've been in Silicon Valley for the past half a month. Why, are you coming to Silicon Valley?"

"Bullsh * t!" The other party could not help but scold, "You're still in Silicon Valley. Don't you know how to use YY in Silicon Valley?

I'm a YY member. Add me as a friend, and I'll send the file to you offline. You can slowly download it yourself. YY downloads also support intermittent continuation. Don't worry about network problems. "

S blurted out, "YY?

What YY? "

“Shit！”

The other party cursed and continued, "You're a big shot in the venture capital circle in Silicon Valley, and you don't know about this magical software, YY?!"

S frowned and thought for a long time. Suddenly, he caught a hint and blurted out, "Oh oh sh * t, you're talking about the software that Hua Xia made, right?"

At this point, S sneered, "Tommy, relax. It's just a software made by Hua Xia. You and I know the strength of their Internet companies. Other than copying the American Internet model and products, what else can they do?

With just them, how could they possibly develop something awesome? "

The other party said helplessly, "I advise you to understand YY first before considering whether to take back your words. Also, I'll only send those files to you through YY. If you want them, text me your YY number. If you don't want them, then forget it."

Americans were relatively straightforward in their actions and speech. S's university classmate was quite dissatisfied with his ignorant and arrogant attitude, and his tone became much harsher. After saying this, he immediately hung up the phone.

S was a little baffled, but when he remembered that the other party was also a talent in the computer field, he could not help but mutter in his heart, "Is the software that Hua Xia developed really that good?

YY, right?

Well, there's no harm in looking at the next one. "

Two hours later, S rushed into the CEO's office in a panic. At this time, the CEO was using a video conference terminal to hold a meeting with several partners. Seeing him enter in a panic, the CEO signaled him to be quiet. He continued to speak a few words in front of the device that looked like a desk calendar with a screen less than ten inches in size.

After the video conference, the CEO looked at him and asked, "Eric, what's so important that you're panicking about?"

S blurted out, "Do you know about Makino Technology?!

It's that Hua Xia Internet company that has been hotly discussed recently! "

"Huh?" The CEO frowned. "When did you start paying attention to Hua Xia's Internet?"