Chapter 217

When Li Mu woke up on Saturday, everyone had already left for Yang City. He was the only one in the empty dormitory, so he got up and ate breakfast.

He bought some fruits and went to the hospital. Wang Yanan and Xue Jianfeng's girlfriend, Chen Jiao, were accompanying him in the hospital. Zhao Ziqiu said that she wouldn't be coming today because she was going to the library to revise.

Li Mu asked about Wang Yanan's mother's condition. Wang Yanan said, "The doctor said that her condition is still relatively stable. She just needs to maintain the frequency of dialysis and take the medicine on time."

Wang Yanan pulled Li Mu to the door and said to him, "I want to rent a house near the school. After my mother is discharged, I will move out of the dormitory and live with her. I will let Sister Liu help take care of her during the day and I will accompany her at night."

Li Mu asked her, "What did the doctor say?

Did he let her be discharged? "

"The doctor said that she can be discharged."

Wang Yanan nodded and glanced at her mother through the glass window. She said with some sadness, "At first, my mother suffered some external injuries from being beaten by my father. She was in a bad mood and was diagnosed with uremia, so she was in a very bad state during that period of time. However, she has almost recovered in this week. My mother told me that she didn't want to stay in the hospital anymore. She felt bored and wanted to go back to her hometown, but I didn't let her. I wanted to be with her and live in Beijing with my mother."

Li Mu asked, "Did you discuss it with Zhengdao?"

"Yes."

Wang Yanan pursed her lips and said after a while, "Zhengdao is very stubborn and sensitive. He might think that leaving the hospital is to save money, so he said that no matter how much it costs, he will think of a way. But he is also very worried. There were a few times when he accompanied me to watch over my mother, and I saw him pulling his hair in the middle of the night …"

Li Mu smacked his lips. Hu Zhengdao wanted to give Wang Yanan a sense of security at this time. He could understand this mentality, but it would be bad if he was too sensitive in this aspect.

After thinking about it, Li Mu said, "How about this, when Zhengdao comes back, I will tell him that renting a house is indeed more comfortable than staying in the hospital."

Wang Yanan nodded gratefully and looked at Li Mu. She hesitated for a moment before saying, "I really want to thank you for my mother's matter, if it wasn't for you …"

Li Mu waved his hand and sighed. "Alright, if you say this again, I won't dare to come again."

Then, Li Mu changed the topic and asked, "Is Sister Liu doing a good job?"

Wang Yanan nodded repeatedly. "Very good. She's very nice and attentive. Most importantly, she's a good cook. Over the past few days, she's gotten along well with my mom. We're even calling each other sisters. I don't call her Big Sister Liu anymore. I call her Aunt Liu."

Li Mu was relieved. "That's good. You and Chen Jiao can accompany Auntie. I still have something to do.

When he came out of the hospital, he received a call from the printing shop. The photos he sent last time had been developed and made into an album. He could go and pick it up.

Li Mu was overjoyed. He prepared to go and pick it up immediately. Li Mu was very satisfied with the photos he took for Su Yingxue at Ginkgo Avenue. After finishing the post-production, he could only sigh. So, Li Mu was looking forward to the finished album.

On the way there, he sent a message to Su Yingxue. He didn't expect this genius to be in the library.

Just as Li Mu was about to say that they would have lunch together and send the album to her, Zhao Kang called him. The Legendary Overlord 2.0 started selling at 8 pm last night, and it had been 14 or 15 hours since then, and it had sold more than 30,000 copies.

Li Mu was shocked by this number.

More than 30,000 copies, 15 yuan per copy. More than 400,000 was close to 500,000.

It was less than a day.

According to Li Mu and Zhao Kang's plan, the Legendary Overlord 2.0 will sell for 15 yuan per month. The internet cafe distributors will earn 4 yuan, Zhao Kang's core members will earn 2 yuan, and the remaining 9 yuan will be his and Zhao Kang's net profit.

More than 30,000 copies, more than 300,000 yuan net profit. Li Mu will take 70%, and Zhao Kang will take 30%. This means that in one night, Li Mu had earned 200,000 yuan, and Zhao Kang had earned about 100,000 yuan.

There are at least a few million users of the Legend of Mir 2, and its growth rate is unprecedented in China. Because of Legend of Mir 2's attractiveness in this era, the number of paying customers is very high. Currently, instant and monthly membership cards are selling for 30 yuan each, and those who spend 30 yuan to play Legend of Mir do not mind spending another 15 yuan to buy a useful plug-in.

Because of the Legendary Overlord's functions and performance, it will definitely be the best in the Legend of Mir 2 market. From the looks of it, it should be able to reach 100,000 users in one to two weeks. Maybe by 2002, it will be able to sell hundreds of thousands of copies a month.

Even Li Mu, who is worth more than 10 million yuan, was shocked by Feng Yu's ability to make money. This is too fast, and it is not the so-called net worth. It is all the cash flow, and there is no need to pay taxes. This is unlike Li Mu, who had spent a lot of effort to get 1 million from Series A, and the taxes alone will be a few hundred thousand.

Zhao Kang said excitedly. "This is because my core members have not taken over the market yet. Less than half of the cities in China have the internet cafe!

Also, not all the internet cafes in the cities that have the internet cafe opened. "

Li Mu asked him. "How many core members do you have?"

Zhao Kang said, "There are about twenty or so people I can trust."

"What's their age range?"

"Around 17 to 23 years old."

Li Mu said. "Their market expansion capabilities are still not enough."

Zhao Kang sighed and said, "It's indeed difficult to take over all the cities in the country. There's not enough manpower. The core personnel I have on hand have only seen the prospects, but they haven't really made any money yet. No matter what, we have to wait for the first round of payments to arrive."

Li Mu suddenly thought of Alipay.

If Alipay went online, he could make Alipay into an open payment platform. Then, he could directly sell the business from Alipay. This way, he could bypass the internet cafe's sales terminals and Zhao Kang's core members. He could directly connect with the users and get the 15 yuan monthly fee, and he would not have to give a single cent to others.

However, Li Mu gave up after thinking about it. It was not difficult to make Alipay into an open payment platform, but there were no e-commerce websites in China, and there was no need for online transactions. Even if he opened Alipay, there would be no third Fang Ping Station and merchants to access it. At that time, there would only be 3321 and plug-ins, and anyone with a discerning eye would be able to guess the trick.

Forget it.

There was an endless amount of money in this world, but there was not much money that could be earned by eating alone.

The plug-in had finally started to make money, and it was so strong. Li Mu finally felt relieved. Although Li Mu had millions in his pocket and was not short of money, this amount of money did not give him any sense of security. He needed a steady flow of cash to give himself more confidence. Only then would he dare to invest in the nightclub with Chen Ze, and only then would he dare to play boldly in his circle. Otherwise, it would be too hard to force himself to do so.

Li Mu told Zhao Kang that he did not care about anything else, but to ensure safety and not leave any traces. Although he was confident that he could escape unscathed from the plug-in, he still had to be careful in order to prevent people from digging up old debts in the future. He had to make money steadily, and he had to really put the money in his pocket.

Li Mu thought about the "money laundering" plan that he had been thinking about before. How could he turn this part of the money into legal income bit by bit?

Opening an Internet cafe was actually a better choice. When Li Mu and his roommates went to the illegal Internet cafe, he had thought about opening a chain of Internet cafes while it was easy to get an Internet cafe permit.

Internet cafes were also cash cows, and they made money quickly. In the future, when Internet cafes started to tighten up, a permit could be sold for hundreds of thousands.

However, Li Mu had too many things to do now. He needed to register and get a permit to open an Internet cafe, and he also needed to look for a house to renovate and purchase machines. He really could not take care of all of these at the moment. He might as well wait for the plug-in to make more money and let Zhao Kang do it.

Li Mu thought of Hu Zhengdao again. Hu Zhengdao was under a lot of financial pressure at the moment. If he could let him into the plug-in business and give him some untapped markets, it could also be considered as giving him a way to make money. However, Li Mu quickly dismissed this idea. After all, the plug-in was something that could not be seen in the light. He did not dare to trust Hu Zhengdao 100%, so it was better to be more cautious.

…

In the development shop, the photos in his hands gave Li Mu another baptism of vision. The Su Yingxue in the photos had completely blended in with the beautiful scenery around her. It was perfect.

The boss in charge of the development asked Li Mu, "Brother, did you take these photos?"

Li Mu nodded.

The boss asked again, "Where did you learn the composition and the angle of the photo?"

Li Mu said, "With a professional photographer friend."

The boss praised, "It's too good. The composition and technique are very novel. The photo taken from an oblique angle is simply amazing, and the one where the beauty inadvertently looked back is simply perfect."

As he said this, the boss added, "Of course, the model is really beautiful."

Li Mu smiled slightly, and the boss handed him the finished photo album.

Li Mu opened it and took a look. The production of the photo album was quite exquisite, and the photos on it were also larger and clearer. In addition to the more ingenious layout, the overall effect was much better than looking at the photos one by one.

Thinking back to when he was in school, it was very popular for the female students to go to the studio to take photo albums. In that era, taking a set of photos was also very cheap. For two or three hundred yuan, you could take a dozen or twenty photos in the studio's set, and also make a photo album. However, it had to be said that the shooting method of the studio was too simple, and the shooting routine and composition were incomparably vulgar. Coupled with the clumsy costumes and background layout, this kind of photo was taken, the female students would like it for at most one or two years, and then they would hide it and be too embarrassed to take it out again.

At the end of the day, the essence of photography remained the same: nature.