Chapter 1057

Mark Zuckerberg, who was touched and excited, was a little nervous in front of Li Mu.

Standing in front of him, Li Mu could clearly see his eyelids twitching violently, his chin, and the corners of his mouth twitching slightly.

Even Mark Zuckerberg himself did not expect that he would be so nervous after Li Mu had helped him solve the crisis of being exposed.

Mark Zuckerberg was stunned for a moment when David Allen reminded him of Li Mu's outstretched hand. He hurriedly reached out to Li Mu and said, "Hello, Mr. Li, my name is Mark Zuckerberg. You can call me Mark."

Li Mu smiled at him in a friendly manner and nodded slightly. "Hello, Mark, I'm not much older than you. You can also call me Li Mu."

Mark Zuckerberg was flattered and nodded in a panic. "Hello, Mr. Li Mu …"

Li Mu laughed and did not continue to talk to Mark Zuckerberg. Instead, he mainly talked to David Allen.

David Allen was the top administrator sent by Harvard. He was the representative of the entire Harvard.

David Allen told Li Mu, "We have already prepared rooms for you and your subordinates in the VIP building of the school. The Cambridge Police Department has already set up security controls in the school. You can rest there tonight. Before the speech begins tomorrow, the police and the FBI will conduct a strict security and anti-terrorism investigation. You can rest assured."

Li Mu nodded. It was just over a year after 9/11, and the Americans were indeed a little frightened.

The original plan was for the group to first stay in a hotel in Boston, then go to Harvard to give a speech, and then leave after the speech.

However, media reporters, including CCTV, many local TV stations, and newspapers, were already waiting at Harvard. Therefore, out of respect for the media, Li Mu had to go to Harvard first. After meeting with the president, they would hold a simple press conference and answer some questions from the media.

According to the arrangement, Li Mu would visit the Harvard campus with the leaders of Harvard. The media would follow and film the visit, which would be an important part of Li Mu's public visit to Harvard.

On the one hand, Li Mu respected Harvard and the media, and on the other hand, he wanted to further borrow power from the media, so he did not refuse this series of arrangements.

David Allen and a group of Harvard management accompanied Li Mu and Li Mu's subordinates and bodyguards to board the luxury bus specially arranged by Harvard. Before Li Mu got on the bus, he did not forget to look back at Mark Zuckerberg and said to him with a smile, "Hey, Mark, you go first. I'll sit with you."

Not only Mark Zuckerberg, but even David Allen was a little surprised. He did not expect Li Mu to be so attentive to Mark Zuckerberg. Not only was he very polite, but he also attached great importance to Mark Zuckerberg, a young man. David Allen even thought that Mark Zuckerberg's relative must be a senior executive of Makino Technology. Otherwise, why would Li Mu be so polite to him?

Mark Zuckerberg, who was at the back of the team, was flattered. He hurriedly nodded and trotted all the way to Li Mu. Li Mu took the opportunity to push him from behind and let him get on the bus first.

After Mark Zuckerberg got on the bus first, he pointed to the second row on the right, then looked back at Li Mu and asked nervously, "Can we sit here?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Of course, you can sit here."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly nodded and then sat in the bus. Li Mu took the opportunity to sit next to him. David Allen originally wanted to sit with this super genius and super rich student, Hua Xia. He wanted to represent himself and Harvard to improve their relationship. Now, he could only sigh in his heart as he sat on the left side of Li Mu.

"Maybe Li Mu prefers to interact with people his own age," David Allen thought to himself in self-consolation.

After Li Mu sat down, he asked Mark Zuckerberg like a big brother caring for his younger brother, "Mark, what major are you studying at Harvard?"

Mark Zuckerberg said nervously, "Computer science."

"Oh?" Li Mu pretended to be surprised and said, "Then you must have a deep understanding of the Internet?"

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly replied humbly, "Mr. Li, you are the Internet giant in my heart. Compared to you, I am just a student who knows nothing and has not learned anything."

Li Mu shook his head with a smile and said, "According to what you said, I'm just a college student from an unknown university in Huaxia. My university isn't even ranked among the top 500 universities in the world. What's more, I'm not majoring in computer science. My major is finance."

After saying that, seeing Mark Zuckerberg's surprised face, Li Mu continued, "But you are different. You are studying at the world's number one university, and your major is computer science. Compared to you, you are much better than me."

In fact, Li Mu sometimes felt that it was unfair for his alma mater. Renmin University was indeed a very good university, but because of its strong political background, it was not recognized by the international community. Therefore, its ranking was so low that it made people's hair stand on end.

Although Mark Zuckerberg had studied a lot about Li Mu's life, the information he found in the United States was not detailed. He did not know that Li Mu was studying at an unknown university, and his major was not computer science.

When he thought about how Li Mu was not a computer science major, but could achieve dazzling results in such a short period of time, Mark Zuckerberg's heart was like a stormy sea. He found that his admiration for this peer next to him had reached an unimaginable extreme.

Mark Zuckerberg could not help but ask him, "Mr. Li, can you tell me why you are so talented in the Internet industry?"

Li Mu smiled and said mysteriously, "There will be a Q&A session in tomorrow's speech. If you are interested, you can raise your hand and ask a question on the spot. I will answer your question."

…

Li Mu took the Harvard bus to pick him up and quickly headed to Harvard University. At this time, Li Mu could not even dream of how many crazy fans he had at Harvard, like Mark Zuckerberg.

Hearing that Li Mu was coming, the entire Harvard fell into an unprecedented fanaticism. Before this, even if the president of the United States came to Harvard to give a speech, Harvard students might not have such a unified national fanaticism.

The United States was a country with a clear political stance. Most college students had their own political stance and their own party preference. If a student's political stance was biased toward the Democratic Party, then if the president of the Republican Party came to give a speech at the university, he would probably turn his nose up at it, and vice versa.

But facing Li Mu, no matter which political stance the students leaned toward, they would not have any aversion to Li Mu, because Li Mu was simply the biggest idol and benchmark for them. A 20-year-old young man who was still studying at Harvard, like them, could create so many remarkable achievements in the Internet industry. This was simply the most perfect fantasy in their daydreams. So when such a miraculous person came to their university, one could imagine how excited they were!

Li Mu was not only being watched on American university campuses, but he was also being watched by the entire United States, and even the entire developed countries.

At present, Paradise Town and YY were the hottest hot news in American society. As the founder of these two products and the boss of these two companies, Li Mu naturally received close attention from the American media. Moreover, now the financial media was calculating the total value of Li Mu, which made Li Mu receive even more attention from society.

Li Mu was the absolute major shareholder of Makino Technology, Makino Games, and Taobao. According to the valuation of these three companies, Li Mu was at least 20 to 30 billion US dollars. However, there was no way for Li Mu to be listed on any authoritative wealth list. The reason for this was very simple.

First of all, Li Mu had very few physical assets. Compared with his value, his actual assets were not even a tenth of his value. Everything else was just valuation.

Secondly, valuation was very different from market value. The value of valuation did not have any credibility in the real sense. Suppose that Li Mu's Makino Technology was valued at 22 billion US dollars. However, before anyone actually invested in Makino Technology with this valuation, this valuation could not be verified.

Moreover, even if Li Mu were to raise funds with 22 billion US dollars now, this valuation was only for this financing. It lacked credibility in the entire capital market. Therefore, to really calculate a credible value, one must wait for Li Mu's companies to go public, even if only one company went public first.

The market value of a company in the stock market was the real value data of a company with credibility. The value calculated according to the market value after going public was the real value.

However, even though it was difficult to give an authoritative assessment of Li Mu's current value, the entire United States was very clear that once Li Mu's company could go public in the United States, then Li Mu would inevitably become a super-rich man with tens of billions of US dollars in assets.

It was difficult for most industry news to become the hot topic of the whole society. Only two industries affected the hearts of Americans. One was the sports industry, and the other was the financial industry.

Americans advocated sports, especially football. Every year's Super Bowl was even more popular in the United States than the Spring Festival Gala in China.

Americans also advocated money. Even children could be familiar with the big shots on Wall Street. In the eyes of Americans, Bill Gates was one of the best spokesmen for the American Dream.

The so-called "American Dream" was actually to obtain everything that belonged to oneself in the land of the United States through one's own ability. Those super-rich people who grew up step by step on their own were the true portrayal of the American Dream.

Although Li Mu was not an American, he was writing another kind of American Dream at the moment. An American Dream that was so fast that even Americans could not believe it. An American Dream that was more miraculous than miracles!

Therefore, the current Li Mu could be said to be the idol of all Americans!