Chapter 1759

Wendy Gao Bai originally thought that Li Mu would give her a chance to meet him, but she didn't expect that Li Mu would directly tell the receptionist that he was not available.

Not available was the most direct way to refuse.

Because if he simply didn't want to see her, but didn't want to fall out with her, he could say that he was not available, not that he was not available.

However, Wendy Gao Bai felt that she really could not give up just like that. Ever since her family invited Li Mu to participate in that salon, the Gao Bai family had been wholeheartedly hoping to get closer to Li Mu. Not only did they treat him as a distinguished guest, but they also gave him a Premier League club to cater to him. Even Wendy Gao Bai herself was actually ready to contribute herself, but Li Mu had never given her such a chance.

Now, Li Mu suddenly fell out with her and directly kicked the Goldberg family out of the car. This was a situation that the whole family couldn't accept, so she now carried the last hope of the whole family.

Therefore, she stubbornly said to the receptionist, "Please tell Mr. Li Mu that I will always be here waiting for him."

The receptionist had no choice but to report it to Li Ziwei.

When Li Mu heard Wendy Gao Bai's statement, he immediately said, "Tell the receptionist to let her be. Don't worry about her."

Then, Wendy Gao Bai became invisible in the eyes of the Makino Technology receptionist.

No one paid attention to her, but she couldn't go in even if she wanted to. Wendy Gao Bai decided to stay here and see if Li Mu would meet her.

While she was waiting in the lobby, Li Mu had already gathered the senior executives of Makino Technology and announced to everyone that he was interested in going public in Hong Kong.

The incident on Wall Street was huge, and people in China had long heard about it, so everyone was very supportive of Li Mu's decision.

Going public in Hong Kong or the United States, from a normal business point of view, depended on the listing conditions, but now the situation had changed. The American capitalists were basically a whole. Not only venture capital, funds, and brokerages, but even the media was in the hands of this group of people. On the one hand, it was asking a tiger for its skin, and on the other hand, it was like a fierce dragon crossing the river. If they had a falling out, the local tyrants would gang up on them.

But since Feng Yu is interested in being listed in Hong Kong, he must first work with a qualified broker in Hong Kong.

Currently, the largest brokerage in Hong Kong is HSBC, followed by Hua Bank Securities. The former is a multinational company controlled by the Goldberg family, while the latter is a state-owned enterprise established by Hua Bank in Hong Kong.

After 1997, China's banks started to develop their Hong Kong securities business. After more than 10 years, they had a deep foundation in Hong Kong. Furthermore, they have the backing of the state. Even if their market share is not as big as HSBC, they are not weaker than HSBC in terms of capital volume and potential.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to have a good chat with Bank of China Securities to see what kind of listing conditions they could get for Makino Technology. If it was suitable, they could launch an IPO in Hong Kong in the second half of the year.

Then, Li Ziwei, on behalf of Makino Technology, officially sent an invitation to Bank of China Securities for a meeting. In the invitation, Li Ziwei clearly stated the purpose of the meeting, which was to communicate about Makino Technology's IPO in Hong Kong.

When Bank of China Securities received the business letter from Makino Technology, their first thought was that it was a prank. When they confirmed that the business letter was sent by Makino Technology, the senior management of Bank of China Securities was in an uproar.

The world knew that Li Mu attacked Wall Street on Weibo and Twitter. Many people even thought that the reputation of Wall Street was destroyed because of Li Mu.

However, no one knew that Li Mu had already given up the idea of going public in the United States.

After all, Li Mu went to the United States this time to attend Google's bell ringing ceremony. Everyone thought that Google's successful listing on NASDAQ was the bridgehead for Makino Technology's listing on NASDAQ. In the second half of the year, Makino Technology should be listed on NASDAQ and become the highest valued Internet company on NASDAQ.

No one expected that Li Mu would start to consider going public in Hong Kong.

This also meant that Li Mu had already decided to give up on NASDAQ.

Bank of China Securities immediately organized the highest standard negotiation team from their headquarters in Yanjing. They first came to Makino Technology in the afternoon to prepare for the first round of talks with Li Mu.

Wendy Gao Bai spent most of the day at the front desk of Makino Technology. Other than drinking a few cups of purified water, she didn't eat anything else. After so long, she felt like her blood sugar was low, but Li Mu still didn't want to see her.

When Wendy Gao Bai was hesitating whether to go back for the time being, seven or eight men in formal suits rushed into the lobby on the first floor of Makino Technology.

Li Ziwei personally came out to greet them. She shook hands with the middle-aged man and said, "Mr. Chen, welcome. Li Zong is already waiting in the conference room."

The full name of the middle-aged man was Chen Tao. He was the person in charge of the securities business of Bank of China Securities. The securities business of Bank of China Securities in Hong Kong was also under his jurisdiction.

Chen Tao couldn't hide his excitement and said, "After receiving the business letter from your company, we immediately set up a professional team and rushed over. They are currently selecting team members in Hong Kong. They will arrive in Yanjing tomorrow. They have always been in Hong Kong, so they are more familiar with the details of Hong Kong's business."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Then let's go up now."

"Okay!"

For Bank of China Securities, Makino Technology was interested in doing an IPO in Hong Kong. This was like a pie falling from the sky.

Before this, no one doubted that a company like Makino Technology would definitely go public in the United States. After all, the United States was still the capital center of the world.

But now, the United States "broke the rules". Li Mu directly fell out with the American capitalists, and this big fruit fell on his head. If Bank of China Securities could seize this opportunity, then it was very likely that with the IPO of Muye Technology, it would become the largest brokerage in Hong Kong.

…

When Wendy Gao Bai saw Li Ziwei, she wanted to immediately go up to greet her and say a few pitiful words to see if Li Mu could sympathize with her.

However, before she got close, she heard the conversation between Chen Tao and Li Ziwei.

Wendy Gao Bai's Mandarin was very good, so she heard almost every word of the conversation between the two of them clearly.

The content of the conversation shocked Wendy Gao Bai. Although they didn't talk about the IPO, when Hong Kong was mentioned, she immediately thought that Li Mu was already preparing for the IPO in Hong Kong.

She realized that this was a big deal, so she quickly took out her phone and called her father, Dai Wensen and Gao Bai.

Dai Wensen and Gao Bai were still waiting for their daughter's news. Ever since Li Mu closed all his channels of communication, his only hope was that his daughter, who was studying in Yanjing, could see Li Mu.

However, he waited for a few hours, but Wendy Gao Bai still hadn't seen Li Mu.

This made him more and more worried and uncertain.

Suddenly, he received a call from Wendy Gao Bai. He immediately answered and asked, "Wendy, what's the situation now?

Have you seen Li Mu? "

"No." Wendy Gao Bai's voice was a little anxious. "Li Mu doesn't want to see me."

Then, she said, "I'm calling because there's something important. Makino Technology seems to have started preparing for the IPO in Hong Kong. If I'm not wrong, the Hong Kong brokerage firm has already come to our door."

"So fast?!" Dai Wensen and Gao Bai's heart tightened, and he blurted out, "Do you know which brokerage firm it is?"

Then, he said self-deprecatingly, "It must be Hua Nation Bank Securities. Other than us, it's them who have the ability to do such a large-scale IPO of Makino Technology in Hong Kong. Other brokerage firms can't do it at all."

Wendy Gao Bai couldn't help but ask, "Dad, what should we do now?

Li Mu is a man of his word. If he really decides to do an IPO in Hong Kong, it's basically impossible for him to change his mind. "

Dai Wensen and Gao Bai said in annoyance, "Li Mu definitely won't slap his own face. The IPO in Hong Kong is a done deal. I have to go to Hua Xia!"

Wendy Gao Bai said, "Dad, even if you come, Li Mu may not be willing to see you. It's very likely that you'll go to waste."

Dai Wensen said, "We can't care about this anymore. If Li Mu IPO in Hong Kong, we still have a glimmer of hope. Even if it's underwriting with Hua Nation Bank Securities, it's not a problem. If we don't fight for it, we'll really be excluded!"

At this moment, Dai Wensen almost hated his colleagues on Wall Street.

If they didn't ask him to mediate with Li Mu, how could he have offended Li Mu?

If he didn't call Li Mu at that time, if he didn't speak up for his colleagues, even if Li Mu was disappointed with Wall Street and went to Hong Kong to be listed, his relationship with him wouldn't be affected. At that time, wouldn't it be the same if he helped him to IPO in Hong Kong?

But now, for the sake of those greedy guys on Wall Street, I've lost the biggest deal of my life all of a sudden!

…

In the conference room, Li Mu met with the Hua Nation Bank Securities team led by Chen Tao.

After the core team members of both sides shook hands, Li Mu sat at the head of the conference room. On his left was Chen Tao's team, and on his right was his own team.

Li Mu went straight to the point and said, "Mr. Chen, the main purpose of sending this business letter to your company is that I'm interested in cooperating with your company to facilitate the IPO of Makino Technology in Hong Kong. Before we talk, I have a few important questions that I need to ask you."

Chen Tao said, "You're welcome, Li Zong. Please go ahead."

Li Mu nodded and said, "First of all, I want to start the road show in July and try to get listed in October. Is there a problem with this timing?"

"No problem." Chen Tao said, "There is still half a year, enough for us to start."

Li Mu asked again, "If my goal is to have a valuation of at least 450 billion US dollars, which is no less than 3.6 billion HKD, do you think it can be achieved?"

Chen Tao said, "I have considered this before I came. To be honest, Makino Technology is the leading company in the Internet industry in China and the world. 450 billion US dollars is not high. After all, during the Internet bubble, many companies had a market value of more than 500 billion US dollars."

Li Mu continued to ask, "I can use up to 10% of the shares for the IPO. That is to say, I need to raise at least 45 billion US dollars for Makino Technology. Do you think your company can handle a 45 billion US dollars IPO?"

Chen Tao said seriously, "Huayin Securities has not done such a large-scale IPO, but we are very optimistic about the future of Makino Technology. The market is also optimistic about the future of Makino Technology. So, I believe that 45 billion US dollars should not be a problem."

"Okay." Li Mu said with a smile, "One last question."

"If I ask that 45 billion US dollars not go into the pockets of Wall Street, can your company do it?"