Chapter 145

Universities were half of society, or more than half of society. Schools accommodated tens of thousands of young people from all over the world. These people came from different regions, had different personalities, different qualities, and different upbringings. Therefore, the overall quality was uneven to begin with.

Even if it was a top university, it could only prove that their academic results were very good and that their exam-oriented education was very successful. It definitely did not mean that their quality as a person was much better than that of ordinary people. Therefore, no matter what kind of university it was, it was impossible for there to be no lack of scumbags and jerks.

It was just that Li Mu did not expect Wu Shuai to use such a method to go against him. Wu Shuai deliberately targeted his roommates and privately told them the reason. His goal was nothing more than to make his roommates vent their anger on him, or to make them afraid to get close to him. To a certain extent, Wu Shuai was attracting hatred for him. This kind of despicable method made him, a person who had lived two lives, gasp in amazement.

However, Li Mu's rationality was stronger than his impulsiveness. Therefore, he did not stand up and immediately argue with Wu Shuai or fight to the death. He was only thinking about how to defend himself and then how to fight back.

Compared to a student like Wu Shuai who used dirty and unskilled methods, Li Mu's heart was truly ruthless when it came to dealing with his enemies.

Guo Lin, Xue Guilan, Wu Dong, and Li Jiawei in the detention center were the best proof of Li Mu's ruthlessness. Therefore, the more it was like this, the calmer his emotions were. It did not matter if he was bullied. He just had to find an opportunity to bully them back ten times or even a hundred times more. However, there was one thing: he had to weigh his actions and not lose more than he gained.

Under his attitude, the few hot-tempered young people in Dorm 606 calmed down a little.

Seeing that everyone had calmed down, Li Mu said, "Everyone, be careful not to fall into their hands in the future. Once we do this, we'll think of a way to find a breakthrough point in them and find an opportunity to kill them in one blow."

The five of them nodded repeatedly.

Li Mu asked again, "Who knows what jobs he introduced students to outside of school?"

Li Mu always felt that Wu Shuai was a bit of a scumbag. The way he pursued Su Yingxue and the way he humiliated Liu Nian showed that he was narrow-minded and narrow-minded.

This kind of person.

According to common sense, it was already good enough that he did not harm others to benefit himself. Even if he wanted to fish for fame.

Given his personality, it was unlikely that he would wholeheartedly do good deeds. There might be some hidden benefits involved.

Therefore, Li Mu wanted to find out Wu Shuai's background first. If he didn't do anything to him, he would be fine, but if he did, he had to bring him down and convince him.

Liu Nian thought about it.

She said, "Outside of school, they are usually temporary clerks, typists, and assistants. Basically, they do odd jobs in small companies."

"What about salary and benefits?"

"It should be about two yuan an hour."

Li Mu pondered for a moment and said, "Two yuan an hour is definitely cheap labor. Nowadays, clerks and typists who need some computer knowledge should be more popular, right?"

The five of them shook their heads. Li Yawei thought for a long time and said, "In my impression, many small companies don't actually use computers. Occasionally, when there is a need to type documents, they will go directly to a printing shop."

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, what I mean is that Wu Shuai is unlikely to be a pure good person. The salary is obviously low.

He should be able to make some money from it. "

Sun Jian suddenly thought of something. He slapped his thigh and said, "I remember now! A fellow from my hometown said that Wu Shuai is very capable. He has all kinds of resources outside. Not only does he introduce people to part-time jobs, but he also sometimes introduces beautiful female students to attend exhibitions and other events. They act as receptionists and models. He even brings hundreds of students to watch the live recording of some TV shows. He's really amazing."

Li Mu heard this and frowned.

He said, "Isn't this a f * cking campus labor trafficker?"

Everyone was a little puzzled, but Li Mu was very clear about the meaning behind it. In fact, the Student Union was not a pure place at all. There were generally three kinds of people here.

The first kind was purely for vanity. The second kind wanted to get some experience in school and at the same time accumulate connections and relationships with school leaders. It was considered to be school politics. The third kind wanted to earn students' money for vanity. The more direct ones were to go outside and sell all kinds of things to students. Those who had more tricks up their sleeves would engage in labor trafficking.

Introducing cheap labor for a commission was the most common method used by campus labor traffickers.

Especially introducing female students to work as wild models and high-end venue waiters. In Li Mu's previous life, there was a guy like this who often introduced a few girls to attend exhibitions. The part-time salary that the girls earned was not even as much as the commission he earned, but they were still grateful to him.

As for participating in the recording of TV programs, on the surface, they would bluff their classmates by saying that they had a way to take them to watch a certain program live, and that the program group would also provide them with a meal. The students were very curious and thought that they could see celebrities and go on TV just by sitting there. But they had no idea that the TV station had to pay these traffickers to hire them. Generally, one person would earn at least a few dozen yuan, and almost all of it went into their pockets. Due to the lack of information, this phenomenon lasted for several years. Li Mu only learned about this when he was about to graduate.

After listening to Li Mu's analysis, the rest of the members of the National People's Congress in the dormitory were furious. They did not expect that it was so easy for the Student Union to earn money. Moreover, they were cheating their juniors.

Xue Jianfeng said angrily, "Damn it, two days ago, those third-year Student Union members went to our class to promote computer assembly. They said that they had a way to install computers with the same configuration, and that they would charge us 200 yuan cheaper than if we went to the store. At that time, they even gave us the configuration list. I went to the store to ask, and it was indeed 200 yuan cheaper. So, I ordered one on impulse. Look at it now, my money was earned by those bastards. I'm so angry."

Sun Jian asked, "Why didn't you say anything?"

Xue Jianfeng sighed and said, "I thought that since we are all brothers, I was afraid that everyone would think that I was showing off. So, I was waiting for the computer to arrive. Then, just like Li Mu's laptop, I would use it for our dormitory's use …"

Li Yawei said, "They must have a way. They negotiated with the suppliers in Zhongguancun for a discount price. If they give you a discount of 200 yuan, they will earn at least 300 yuan from you. There are many tricks in this thing. Sometimes, you won't even be able to tell the difference between the two memory sticks, but the price will be dozens of times different."

Li Mu asked Xue Jianfeng curiously, "What kind of computer configuration?

How much is it? "

Xue Jianfeng scratched his head and said awkwardly, "I don't know much about computer configuration. I just took a look at it. It's a Pentium III processor, 128 MB RAM, 40 GB hard disk, and 32 MB graphics card. I went to the shop and asked. All of them cost about 5300 yuan. The student union said that it was only 5100 yuan, and they even gave you a CD player."

Li Yawei curled her lips and said, "Brother Feng, it's not that I want to criticize you, but people like them are always working with unscrupulous merchants. Let's not talk about them tricking students into installing computers in bulk. Even if you go and talk to the shop owner yourself and ask him to introduce students to installing computers in bulk, he will at least give you a commission of 100 yuan per machine."

Xue Jianfeng said, "Damn, I've already paid the deposit. It's 500 yuan. They told everyone to prepare the cash. The shop owner is transferring the goods. They will send the computers to school next week. When the time comes, they will also be responsible for installing the computers …"

Sun Jian asked, "Can't we refund it?"

Xue Jianfeng said, "They said that once the deposit is paid, they won't refund it …"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Do you know how many students they tricked into installing computers in total?"

Xue Jianfeng shook his head, "I really don't know about this. But just in our class alone, there are four students who made reservations."

Li Mu was a little surprised and said, "There are about 40 students in a class, and 10% of the students made reservations. If they are going to play big, there will be more than 2,000 new students this year. Based on this ratio, they will need more than 200 computers?"

Li Mu, who came from the IT industry, had been in Beijing for many years. He naturally knew that hardware was not real. Especially in this era, the market was not controlled, and the consumers lacked professional knowledge. It was almost the world of unscrupulous merchants.

The most ridiculous thing was that the unscrupulous merchants would erase the 64 MB RAM and replace it with 128 MB RAM. The consumers would buy it for one or two years without knowing that they had been cheated. This kind of thing could be seen everywhere. Not to mention, there were a lot of refurbished monitors, hard drives, and optical drives. There were also a lot of inferior motherboards.

The water in this business was too deep. If Wu Shuai and the rest did not know about this, they could make at least 50,000 to 60,000 RMB from selling 200 computers. If they knew about this, they could ask the unscrupulous merchants for a bigger profit margin. They could even make a profit of 400 to 500 RMB per computer. That would be 100,000 RMB!

Li Mu sighed. No wonder everyone wanted to join the Student Council. They could make a lot of money by helping the unscrupulous merchants to cheat their classmates.

While he was thinking, Xue Jianfeng suddenly received a call. After the call was connected, he only said six words, "It's me … That's right … What?"

After hanging up the phone, Xue Jianfeng said with a surprised face, "These people are really mean. They called me and asked if I ordered a computer from them. I said yes, but they said that our roommates are not qualified to get discounted goods from them in the future. They said that they will refund my deposit and ask me to go to their dormitory to get the money later …"

Li Mu laughed, "They really think that they are helping others?"

Xue Jianfeng laughed, "That's good. I was thinking of refunding the deposit. No matter what, I can't let them earn my money."

Li Mu said, "If you go to their dormitory, they will definitely tell you that you missed out on a good discount. Then they will blame it on me."

Xue Jianfeng curled his lips, "F * ck them. I don't even care about them."

Sun Jian asked Li Mu, "You know more about computers than us. How much do you think they can earn if they sell tens to hundreds of computers?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "It's hard to say. At least two to three hundred, at most five to six hundred. It's even possible."

Xue Jianfeng's eyes widened, "That's at least a few tens of thousands!

Li Mu, do you think we can make an issue out of this?

Don't they want to earn money? If we can find a way to make a breakthrough, we will make them lose everything! "

Li Mu smiled and said to the others, "If you really want this to become a good opportunity to fight back, then you have to let them earn this money." (To be continued)

PS: