Chapter 670

Originally, Liu Shixiong was obsessed with building his own logistics, but Li Mu felt that the time was not right. He didn't want to start the project immediately. However, when Boss Ma took action, Li Mu immediately changed his mind. Damn it, logistics must be done quickly, and if he wanted to do it, he must invest everything to do it well. Software and hardware were part of it, but ecological coordination was more important. In his heart, he had a strong desire to break through the heavy encirclement in logistics and become the most powerful existence, because the last thing he wanted was to be tricked by Boss Ma.

The reason why Li Mu wanted to invest so much in building a logistics system with strong e-commerce genes was that at that time, other logistics companies would not be able to attract the sellers of Taobao at all. And because other e-commerce platforms did not have the deep integration of logistics systems like Taobao, even if their buyers and sellers used Li Mu's logistics, they could not enjoy the deep convenience brought by this set of logistics. Therefore, logistics was of great importance to the next step of development of Taobao.

After Liu Shixiong understood the overall layout of Li Mu, he instantly understood the situation. If an investment of 500 million was exchanged for the position of industry hegemon, one day, the return brought by this money would be reflected by ten or even a hundred times the base.

Therefore, Liu Shixiong no longer questioned Li Mu's plan, but said to Li Mu, "If we do it according to this scale, we have to carefully consider the share requirements of the executives of those companies. Now they don't know the strength of the company. If we give less points, they will definitely not be happy. But soon, they will be in heavy assets. If we give too many points, it will be a big loss."

Li Mu nodded. Now his logistics company was just a prototype. If he found a senior official and gave one or two points of shares, the other party would probably not even look at it. If he said that he would soon have 500 million in his account, the other party would definitely not believe it. However, using a few points of the logistics company to poach people he did not know, Li Mu himself felt that it was not worth it.

Therefore, he said to Liu Shixiong, "Let's simply not talk about shares with them. Now the domestic logistics industry is not good, and I believe they will not be too optimistic about shares. We have to give them enough immediate benefits. If their current annual salary is 200,000, we will give them 40. If it is 300,000, we will give them 60. First, we will attract them with high salaries. When our company develops to a certain scale in the future, and after they have passed the test and fully recognize the value of the company, we will talk about equity incentives with them."

Liu Shixiong agreed and said, "That's quite good. We will solve the problem in the early stage with money. If it can be solved with money, we will not use shares. The shares will be left to people who can really play a great role in the company in the future."

Li Mu said, "You can start working on this matter now. Talk to them again and directly double their salaries. Let them resign first and start preparing. Use our current funds of tens of millions to start preparing for the early stage. When the money arrives, quickly spread it out. I think in another two or three months, the money should be in our hands no matter what."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said with a smile, "I will implement this matter as soon as possible."

Li Mu stretched and said, "Then I will trouble you to make another trip to settle the cooperation intentions of these more important people. It is best to directly sign the contract with them and let them resign as soon as possible. In order to give them a little confidence, you can pay each of them a signing fee. Now in the express delivery industry, there should not be anyone who can get a signing fee when they change jobs, right?

If the price is set at 100,000 yuan per person, I think no one will refuse. "

Liu Shixiong said, "Okay, paying 100,000 yuan per person as a signing fee is not too much of an expense. After all, these people have strong resources in their hands."

Li Mu said, "You can decide the specifics. I will not worry about this matter. I only care about the money now. You are responsible for poaching people, negotiating terms, and confirming the intention. Then you have to plan the next step of rapid expansion in advance. Not only do you have to think about how to build our logistics network, but you also have to determine our hardware needs in advance. The most important thing is the purchase of vehicles. I will call Lin Lin out another day and introduce you to her. She will cooperate with us in the aviation aspect. In the future, you can contact her in this aspect."

Liu Shixiong agreed without thinking. "Leave it to me. Don't worry about it."

As he said this, Liu Shixiong thought of something and said to Li Mu, "By the way, Old Chen has proposed to resign."

"Oh?" Li Mu asked him curiously, "Is it Chen Tong?"

"Yes. Other than him, who else can it be?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Strange. Isn't he loyal to Sina?

Why would he propose to resign? "

Liu Shixiong looked at Li Mu and laughed. "It's all because of you. Look at what YY has done after you all went online. Your products, UI, and user experience are way ahead of them. The most important thing is YY's resources. Not only are there YY pop-up windows every day, but you also have exclusive news about Zhang Guorong and the rest. Now, you all are reporting on Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang's scholarships. In just a few days, you all have become veterans in Sina."

Li Mu laughed. "I can't help it. All the users are on YY, and my products are better than them. It's too easy to push YY up."

Liu Shixiong nodded and sighed. "That's why Sina is on the brink of death now. The company had started to adjust their strategies, and Old Chen was marginalized. He was not popular and relied on his ability to survive. Now … no one cares about him, and he can't take it anymore. That's why he proposed to resign."

Li Mu asked him. "Did Sina approve it?"

Liu Shixiong laughed. "On the surface, they did not approve it, and the higher-ups want to consider it. But don't you understand what they mean?

They had approved it. "

Li Mu asked Liu Shixiong. "What do they mean?"

Liu Shixiong said. "If Sina's higher-ups really want Old Chen to stay, he can submit his resignation, and the higher-ups will let Old Chen go back to his office to consider it. Old Chen will tell them that he had thought it through and does not want to resign, and everyone will return to their previous position. But now, the higher-ups are not asking him to go back to his office to consider his resignation. They are the higher-ups themselves. That means a few days later, the higher-ups will sign his resignation letter, and it will be useless even if Old Chen regrets his decision."

Li Mu understood what Liu Shixiong meant and agreed. "What you said makes sense. I think Sina's higher-ups think that Old Chen is a veteran of the company and had contributed a lot to the company. If they approve his resignation without hesitation, it will hurt his feelings. That's why they are using this as a delaying tactic."

"That's right."

Liu Shixiong nodded and asked. "If Old Chen is interested in joining Makino Technology, do you still want him?"