Chapter 272

Because the public opinion in the industry was generally not optimistic about the current situation of Tieba, Li Mu temporarily pushed back the departure time of the vanguard team of the crew. He personally went to Makino Technology and held an emergency meeting with the core management.

After analyzing Tencent's Q Bar and NetEase's Youba, Li Mu did not think that their so-called "encirclement and suppression" posed any substantial threat to Makino Technology. The industry was generally not optimistic about Tieba because they did not know his next move. This was a good thing for him. In this kind of adversity, he could come up with a super product and completely counterattack, which was enough to make Makino Technology and Tieba a legend in the industry.

Quietly launching Happy Farm could also bring a lot of shock to the industry, but that shock was purely because of the attributes of Happy Farm. But if Happy Farm was launched under the attack of Tencent and NetEase, it would be equivalent to setting off a thunderclap in the industry.

At the same time, it would also let Tencent, NetEase, and other Internet companies that were eyeing Muye Technology covetously understand a truth: I'm not someone you can encircle and suppress just because you want to. No matter how difficult the situation looks, I will spread a pair of plump wings at the critical moment, and then say to those stunned companies on the ground: "Stupid c * nt, I can fly."

What made Li Mu feel gratified was that his team did not panic because of the appearance of a strong enemy.

Kong Lingyu had already figured out the key. Regardless of whether there was Q Bar and Youba, Happy Farm was a blockbuster that would shock the industry. Instead of detonating it without them knowing, it was better to attract everyone's attention first and then detonate this blockbuster under everyone's eyes.

Therefore, the atmosphere of the entire core management of Makino Technology was quite relaxed.

So much so that after Li Mu finished analyzing the situation, everyone could not help but put on a strange smile like a conspirator.

Lin Ching-ah said a little excitedly, "If we launch Happy Farm, it will be a slap in the face of Tencent and NetEase. This is also considered as stepping on others to rise, right?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "For the next few days, the public opinion in the industry will keep pushing us to the lowest point.

Even if we are only a small company with a valuation of a few hundred million, this kind of reversal is enough to shock the entire industry. Makino Technology will usher in a good opportunity for rapid development.

No matter what we do, public opinion will chase after us, easily making us a hot topic. As long as we grasp this opportunity, we can continue to make moves that will amaze the industry.

We will definitely be able to become one of the top internet companies in the country after this incident is over. "

Kong Lingyu said, "We only have a few versions of our personal space and Happy Farm. It doesn't seem to be enough to maintain the industry's attention, does it?

Boss, when will our YY communication software be released? "

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "We still have to wait for some time before YY goes live. We need to ensure that all the Tencent users' connections are migrated to our platform. We also need to ensure that the users have strong connections on our platform before we launch YY. Therefore, before YY is launched, we need to make sure that the users have strong connections.

Therefore, before YY is launched, we have to work harder on flash games. "

As he spoke, Li Mu picked up a whiteboard pen and wrote two lines on the whiteboard.

Happy Farm, Fight for Parking.

Since they were going to make social games, they had to suck it up in one go. If Makino Technology could rely on its own strength to make social games so popular that users would be sick of it, it would be a huge success. Not only would it be able to convert the benefits of social games, but it would also prevent other companies from copying it.

Everyone stared at the two new phrases on the whiteboard.

They were waiting for Li Mu to continue.

Li Mu used half an hour to explain the core of these two games to everyone.

Happy Farm was the same as Happy Farm, but the carrier was changed from land and crops to all kinds of livestock.

They had become all kinds of livestock; they had also changed the form of snatching the parking spaces, replacing the carriers with parking spaces and all kinds of cars.

Although these games were so lousy that Li Mu didn't even want to take a look at them, for everyone present, every word that Li Mu said was very fresh.

By the time everyone had absorbed the core concepts of these two games from Li Mu's words, everyone had a firmer understanding of the future of Li Mu and Mu Ye.

Li Mu said, "I've said so much.

Hence, what everyone needs to do now is to stabilize the morale of the team, lead the team well, and make good products. After New Year's Day, we will launch Happy Farm. At that time, we will use New Year's Day to give everyone here a bonus of 30,000 RMB. We will also give all the technical and support staff a bonus of 10,000 RMB. If everyone is willing to work hard, we will have a year-end bonus before New Year's. After the meeting, everyone must mobilize the team's enthusiasm. If we win this battle, we might be able to win a battle and an era. "

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, everyone in the room was overjoyed and excited.

The amount of bonus Li Mu promised was very high. For the employees of a company, money was the most direct and effective way to motivate them. Li Mu was very good at this point. He was willing to share the profits and not monopolize the profits. Unlike many entrepreneurial bosses who were willing to promise anything when they were trying to conquer the world, they would immediately break their promises and get rid of the donkey when it was no longer of use.

If you wanted to retain talented people and make them give 120% of their ability and enthusiasm to work for you, the only feasible and long-term way was to give them more than 120% in return.

In the end, what did you rely on to retain talented people?

It was money.

Dreams and pursuits were all nonsense. Any boss who talked about dreams and pursuits with their employees was nothing more than using it to make up for their lack of money. Therefore, anyone who talked about dreams and pursuits without talking about money was a hooligan.

Dreams and pursuits must be discussed, but these must be built on the foundation of money. Let the employees get what they deserve before talking about dreams and pursuits with them. This type of boss is a good boss.

For Li Mu, he had never been a boss in his previous life, but he had been cheated by a lot of bosses who painted a pie in the sky. He had also seen the success and failure of many entrepreneurs. Therefore, although he had no practical experience in managing a company, he had a relatively objective and advanced concept. The most important thing in the Internet industry was talents. He wanted to build an ever-victorious army in the Internet industry. Therefore, the most important thing to his subordinates was to be stingy.

Li Mu's cell phone suddenly rang when he almost finished talking about what he wanted to talk about in this meeting. He didn't expect that it was Li Yanhong, the CEO of Baidu, who called him at this time. Mr. Li asked Li Mu what he was busy with.

The second thing he asked was what Li Mu thought about Q Bar and the upcoming game.

Before Li Mu could answer, the third thing Li Mu asked was, how is Li Mu going to deal with Tencent and NetEase's attacks?

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and said, "Manager Li, you asked so many questions in one breath, I don't even know how to answer you."

Li Zong said, "It's fine if you think it's inconvenient."

Li Mu said, "To be honest, I'm having a meeting with my employees to discuss how to deal with Q Bar and the game."

Li Zong asked, "Is there a better solution?

Do you need my help? "

Li Mu said, "I haven't thought about it yet. If I need Li Zong's help, I'll contact you immediately."

Li Zong smiled and said, "Oh right, there's going to be an Internet Development Forum in Beijing on the 30th of this month. It's organized by the Ministry of Information Industry. I have a good relationship with an officer there, and he knows about our partnership with Mu Ye. He wants to invite you to participate through me. Are you interested?"

"Internet Development Forum?" Li Mu frowned and asked, "Which companies are going to participate?"

Li Zong said, "You can think of all the big Internet companies."

Li Mu asked, "What about Tencent and NetEase?

They're all in Guangdong Province. Will they also participate? "

Li Zong smiled and said, "Of course. After all, it's organized by the Ministry of Information Industry, so the invited companies will give us some face. Also, the people attending the forum are basically the big bosses of the companies."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Since they're going to participate, then I'll participate too."

Li Zong understood what Li Mu meant. He laughed and said, "If that's the case, then I'll reply to that officer. I'll mail the invitation to your company."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and looked at his desk calendar. December 30th happened to be a Sunday. To open the forum at the end of 2001, and to invite all the big bosses of the industry, who knew how many super tycoons there would be? This was really interesting.

Moreover, Li Mu felt that as the boss of Makino Technology, it would be intolerable if he did not go to such a gathering of big bosses. So many people wanted to use this opportunity to trample on Makino Technology. Why not let them trample on Makino Technology to their heart's content?

Especially the big bosses of Tencent and NetEase. These two people were the ones Li Mu wanted to see the most. If Makino Technology wanted to use Happy Farm to make a more thorough counterattack, it would need to be suppressed more thoroughly in the early stages. The greater the contrast, the greater the shock it would bring. This was a great opportunity.

After hanging up, Li Mu told everyone about the Internet Development Conference. He reminded everyone again and then announced the end of the conference.

There was still more than a week before the forum. He did not have the time to waste here because the filming of "Oldboys" had been delayed for two to three days. They had to start now.

Therefore, after the conference, Li Mu immediately left Makino Technology. After leaving, he gave Ning Hao a call. "Set off the equipment tonight. Our crew and the early actors will fly to Jinling tomorrow afternoon and prepare to start filming!"

Ning Hao laughed exaggeratedly and said, "Aiya, I've been waiting for you to say that. I'll tell the person in charge of the equipment now. We'll set off tonight. Also, contact the local hotels in Haizhou to book a batch of rooms and find a restaurant that provides meals. As for the venue, I'll leave it to you to coordinate."