Chapter 1007

Today was Friday. Zhao Ziqiu happened to have dinner outside the school with a few girls in her dormitory. Suddenly, she received a call from her mother. Zhao Ziqiu didn't think much about it. She picked up the phone and pressed the answer button. She said sweetly, "Mom!"

Xie Yun's voice was full of anger. She questioned her, "What are you doing?"

Zhao Ziqiu heard that her mother's tone was not right. She was surprised and said nervously, "I'm having dinner with my roommates. What's wrong, mom?"

"Let me ask you," Xie Yun questioned her directly, "What's the relationship between you and Li Mu?"

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly got up and came out of the private room. Then she covered the phone's microphone and said in a low voice, "Mom, what's wrong with you today? You're acting weird."

Xie Yun's voice was cold. "Answer my question!"

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly felt guilty. She stammered, "Mom, Li Mu is my boyfriend. Didn't you promise us to be together a long time ago?"

Xie Yun questioned her, "Why did I hear that Li Mu has a girlfriend, and she is also in the National People's Congress like him?"

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly panicked. Even her voice was a little trembling. "Mom, who did you hear it from?"

Xie Yun said, "Don't ask me who I heard it from. Let me ask you, have Li Mu broken up with that girl?"

"That …"

"That what?

Broke up or not? Choose one of the two! "

Zhao Ziqiu was flustered. He wanted to lie, but when he thought that his mother had already asked about this matter, he thought that she must have some understanding in advance. He was afraid that lying would not solve any problems, and it might even make things worse. Therefore, he could only bear the huge psychological pressure and say two words, "It didn't disperse …"

"Zhao Ziqiu!"

Xie Yun suddenly became anxious and scolded angrily, "Are you going to make me and your father die of anger?"

"Mom, listen to me …" Zhao Ziqiu was flustered and ashamed. Tears suddenly came out of her eyes.

When Xie Yun heard that Zhao Ziqiu cried on the phone, her heart softened a lot. However, the anger in her stomach did not dissipate much. Instead, she felt more sorry for her daughter, which made her feel particularly uncomfortable.

The mother and daughter were silent on the phone for a long time. Xie Yun sighed and broke the silence first. Her voice was much gentler. "Don't cry, Ziqiu. Mom will go to Yan Jing tomorrow. Call Li Mu and tell him that I want to see him tomorrow.

Zhao Ziqiu was even more flustered. She hurriedly asked her, "Mom, why do you want to see Li Mu?"

After that, Zhao Ziqiu was afraid that her mother would have a problem with Li Mu. She hurriedly explained, "Mom, don't misunderstand Li Mu. I'm willing to be with him."

"Of course, I know you're willing. But can being willing solve the problem?"

Xie Yun was helpless. She sighed and said, "I have to fight for a legitimate identity for you. Otherwise, when are you going to stay with Li Mu like this?"

Zhao Ziqiu said in a pleading tone, "Mom, this is my own matter. I know what I'm doing. Please don't get involved, okay?"

Xie Yun said, "Well, if I don't get involved, let your father do it. It's still a choice of two. Do you want me to solve it or your father to solve it?"

After that, Xie Yun said again, "No, it's a choice of three!

Or your father and I can solve it together! "

Zhao Ziqiu begged in a low voice, "Can you let me solve it myself …"

"No!"

Xie Yun said firmly, "Tomorrow is the weekend. You stay in school and don't go anywhere. I'll book a ticket for tomorrow. I'll tell you the details when we meet!"

"Mom …" Zhao Ziqiu still wanted to beg.

Xie Yun didn't give her any room. "Zhao Ziqiu, I won't tell you about it for the time being. Dad has been very considerate of you. If you still want an inch, then I'll go to Yanjing with your father to find you tomorrow!"

Zhao Ziqiu felt wronged and afraid. She was afraid that her mother would really tell her father about it. So she had to say to her, "Mom, you can do it yourself. Can you not tell Li Mu first?"

"Okay." Xie Yun said, "Wait for me at school."

…

After hanging up the phone with her daughter, Xie Yun felt very uncomfortable. Originally, when her daughter found a boyfriend like Li Mu, she was very satisfied as a mother. But today, she found out that Li Mu actually had a girlfriend in the National People's Congress. All the satisfaction that Xie Yun originally had for Li Mu completely disappeared in an instant.

Even Xie Yun wanted to fly to Yanjing right now and ask him what kind of person did this guy think her daughter was?

The daughter of the Zhao Family, is she someone that you can casually play with?

Even if you are rich and capable, so what?

However, when she thought of her daughter's tear-stained voice on the phone and her attitude towards Li Mu, Xie Yun was really worried that her daughter was willing to maintain this ambiguous relationship with Li Mu, or was willing to accept Li Mu's two-timing approach. If this was the case, as a mother, her heart would be too uncomfortable.

Xie Yun returned home in a daze. Zhao Xianliang hadn't returned yet, and she was upset. She took out a bottle of whiskey from the liquor cabinet and exchanged a few ice cubes for it. She drank it with a frown and tried to drown her sorrows.

After Xie Yun drank three small glasses of whiskey alone, Zhao Xianliang came back.

Zhao Xianliang and Zhong Xinhua also drank at dinner. Xie Yun could tell how much he had drunk from his expression and the state of his eyes. At present, it seemed that he had drunk seven or eight liters of whiskey. This drinking capacity was just right for Zhao Xianliang.

Xie Yun also drank a little. Although she had the urge to chat with Zhao Xianliang several times, she gave up after thinking about it. She had to abide by her promise to her daughter. This time, she decided to help her daughter solve the problem herself. If she really couldn't solve it herself, then she would ask her husband to help.

She knew that men loved their daughters more. If this kind of thing was known to Zhao Xianliang, regardless of whether his daughter was willing or not, he would probably charter a plane to Yanjing to fight with Li Mu.

The couple lay on the bed. Zhao Xianliang was a little drunk. As soon as he laid down, he was about to fall asleep. Xie Yun suddenly shook him up and said to him, "I want to go to Yanjing tomorrow."

Zhao Xianliang was stunned. When he came back to his senses, he asked her in surprise, "Why do you suddenly want to go to Yanjing in the middle of the night?"

Xie Yun said, "I miss Ziqiu. I want to see her."

Zhao Xianliang said, "But you don't have to do it immediately when you think of her, right?

We just came back from Yanjing a few days ago. If you miss her, wait for a few more days. I will go with you. "

"I don't need you to accompany me."

Xie Yun said, "I just miss her. I want to see her. I want to go shopping and eat with her like a best friend. It's not appropriate for a man like you to follow me."

Zhao Xianliang thought about it and said, "Since you want to go, then go. I have business arrangements tomorrow, so I won't accompany you."

"Okay." Xie Yun said, "I will try my best to come back on Monday."

Zhao Xianliang grunted and asked, "Then when are you leaving?"

"I'll leave tomorrow morning. I'll go to the airport and take the earliest flight I can."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "Oh right, Old Hou gave you some tea. It's in the cabinet in the study. It's a red and black box. Ordinary people can't get their hands on this tea. Bring a box for Li Mu to try."

Xie Yun said subconsciously, "I won't let him try it!"

Zhao Xianliang did not expect his wife to have such an extreme reaction. He asked in surprise, "Isn't that because you always talk about Li Mu as your future son-in-law?

You feel bad giving him a box of tea? "

Xie Yun hurriedly covered up and said, "I won't feel bad, but my hand will hurt. I don't want to go back and forth with my luggage. I'll go empty-handed tomorrow. It'll save me trouble."

Zhao Xianliang had no choice but to nod. "As long as you're happy, I don't have any objections."

…

The next morning, Xie Yun took the eight o 'clock flight from Hangzhou to Beijing.

The newspapers and magazines in the first-class cabin were all the latest. Xie Yun casually flipped through some and found that the headlines were all about two things. One was that Makino Technology had chartered a plane to send its employees to the United States, and the other was that speech by Li Mu that had excited the people.

Xie Yun casually flipped through these newspapers and magazines and then threw them aside with no interest. She did not want to pay attention to the positive news about Li Mu now. She just wanted to go to Yan Jing and ask her daughter what was going on.

At 10: 30 in the morning, Xie Yun came out of the airport and took a taxi. Then she called Zhao Ziqiu and said, "I've landed. I'll take a taxi to your school now. I'll tell you when I'm almost there. Then you come out and wait for me by the roadside. You'll live with me in Ziyun Villa these days."

Zhao Ziqiu did not dare to disobey and agreed immediately.

When the taxi Xie Yun took arrived at the gate of the National People's Congress, Zhao Ziqiu was already waiting by the roadside with a backpack on her back.

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu got in the car and saw Xie Yun's sullen face, she felt extremely guilty. She could only ask Xie Yun, "Mom, you must be tired from the journey, right?"

Xie Yun said expressionlessly, "I'm not tired, but my heart is."

Zhao Ziqiu braced herself and said, "Mom, don't think so much. You won't be tired if you are more open-minded.

Xie Yun rolled her eyes at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "Why are you trying to trick me now?

I'm telling you, it's too late. "

Zhao Ziqiu's face was full of awkwardness.

At this time, the male and female news anchors on the car radio station spoke. One of the male anchors said, "Chen Lei, since yesterday, there has been a big piece of news everywhere. Do you know what it is?"

The female anchor called Chen Lei said with a smile, "Of course I know. Isn't that big news Li Mu's speech?

I heard it's very popular, is it true? "

"Of course it is."

The male anchor said, "Li Mu is really amazing this time. His speech made my blood boil. I can't wait to quit my job and learn computer technology."

The female anchor laughed and said, "Liang Long, if you really learn computer technology, that would be great. In the future, if my computer crashes, or if I have to reinstall the system, it will all depend on you."