Chapter 229

At 7: 40 PM, when the Focus Interview program was being broadcasted on 3321, Tang Quan was squatting in the interrogation room. His hands were cuffed to the interrogation chair, and his face was full of pain.

He didn't expect that he didn't even have the right to make a phone call after coming in. The police didn't even treat him as a human being. They didn't even let him sit in the interrogation chair. The excuse was that the fixed plate on the interrogation chair was locked and they lost the key. So, he had to squat next to the chair.

As for the handcuffs, the police's explanation was that the interrogation room restricted the suspect's personal freedom. This was a rule from the higher-ups, so there was no other way.

Hence, Tang Quan squatted on the floor with his hands cuffed for about 40 minutes.

From 7 PM onwards, he had not stood up.

The police did not care about him. After cuffing him, they disappeared. At 7: 40 PM, no one came.

The treatment of the other four was similar to his, but the four of them were placed in two interrogation rooms.

As for the police, they were all outside watching the Focus Interview.

Other than the police on duty, Wang Cheng was also watching, as well as the district bureau chief and deputy bureau chief.

This time, the matter was too sensitive. They were not sure how influential Li Mu was. They could only watch the TV and see what kind of attitude and words the focus interview would use to describe him. In general, the tone and attitude represented the importance they attached to this person.

What was not good was that the Focus Interview kept praising him.

Central TV's attitude towards Li Mu and 3321 had always been very cautious. When they were first born, they did not report on it. When they first went online to bid for it, and when the student started to work as a part-time tutor, they did not report on it either. After the first week, when the student received his first part-time salary, they still did not report on it. It was not until Li Mu's first financial aid that they came out to interact with Li Mu.

Before this, Central TV had been secretly following up, investigating, and interviewing Li Mu.

It was to see clearly how Li Mu did things, as well as the direction of 3321's development. There were no deviations or mistakes in many of the segments, so they began to report on this significant project.

It was also because Li Mu and 3321 had gone through so many trials that they had been through.

In exchange for their praise and adoration of 3321 on the show.

During the interview, Li Mu exuded a sense of humility and confidence. When he introduced 3321, he was beaming with joy, but there was no sign of pride or complacency.

It could only be seen that he was deeply proud of this project.

When the host of the Focus Interview talked about the huge changes that 3321 had made to the Yanjing students, his tone was full of praise, and he could not help but gesture with his hands.

"More than 10,000 students' income, 25 RMB per class, 480 RMB per week, close to 2,000 RMB per month, nearly a million RMB per week, and a large-scale financial aid program every week."

The host became more and more excited as the data kept appearing. After he finished talking about the data, he continued passionately, "There has never been a unit, group, or individual that could operate such a huge financial aid platform. There has never been a unit, group, or individual that could benefit so many poor and work-study students at the same time. There has never been a unit, group, or individual that could donate hundreds of thousands of yuan of cash aid to poor high school students every week...

"3321 is fundamentally different from all the scholarships in universities. It does not give a single cent to any of the students.

It only gives them a chance to earn money, a chance to earn their own tuition and fees, a chance to repay their parents and society in advance. Not only did they support themselves on 3321, but they also solved the financial problems of their families. They even relied on their own labor to earn a considerable amount of financial aid for the poor high school students in the country... "

"At the end of the show, we hope that the appearance of 3321 will make more people in society pay attention to the current plight that education is facing. We also hope that more people in society will understand that education should be the cornerstone of a society's development and progress, and not an industry that seeks profits.

We also hope that there will be more people like Li Mu in society, who will use their hearts full of passion and social responsibility to bring new hope to education. "

"Thank you for watching today's Focus Interview. We will see you tomorrow..."

The familiar ending music sounded.

The dozens of people in the district branch hall did not say a word.

The branch chief rubbed his chin and was silent for a long time. Suddenly, he said, "Today's incident must be dealt with strictly, especially that boss of Tang Tang Culture. No one can help him!"

After that, the branch chief pointed to Wang Cheng and said, "You will be in charge of this case. You must be fair and just.

If necessary, you can disclose the whole story and all the details to the public. "

Wang Cheng immediately said, "Please rest assured, Chief. I will complete the task."

For Wang Cheng, it was not difficult to be fair and just, and to withstand social supervision. The difficult part was whether there would be any unexpected changes in the process of handling the case. If Tang Quan had someone powerful backing him, then to be fair and just, he would have to bear the pressure from that person.

However, Wang Cheng thought about it again. Right now, Li Mu had too much of an advantage in front of the media and public opinion. Even if Tang Quan really did know someone powerful, that person might not be willing to stand up for him at this time.

After watching the Focus Interview at the hospital, Li Mu took a taxi to the police station to record a statement. Wang Cheng kept assuring him that the police station would handle this case impartially. Li Mu nodded and did not say much. He only said, "If that's the case, then I will go back and wait for the results. If there is anything else that you need my help with, Captain Wang, just give me a call."

Wang Cheng nodded repeatedly. He sent Li Mu out and watched him leave in a taxi. Then, he went into the interrogation room and personally interrogated Tang Quan.

Although the police station did not allow Tang Quan to communicate with the outside world, the well-informed people in the circle still knew about this incident.

Chen Ze did not expect Li Mu to be able to single-handedly tear Tang Quan apart to such an extent. It should be known that during the time Tang Quan had been following Xu Jiahua as a follower, Xu Jiaming had been provoked many times by him. Xu Jiaming had wanted nothing more than to pull out his tendons and skin him alive. However, due to his cousin backing him up, Xu Jiahua had never been able to gain any advantage over Tang Quan.

Unexpectedly, this time, Li Mu single-handedly tore Tang Quan apart twice, and directly sent Tang Quan to the police station. After watching the Focus Interview, Chen Ze was even more certain that Tang Quan would not be able to rise again after being trampled by Li Mu this time.

Hui Ka Ming also did not expect Li Mu to be so valiant. But when he thought about how Li Mu seemed to be angry at him when he left the Carnival, he could not help but feel anxious. He had to think of a way to repair the cracks in the foundation of their friendship.

Some were happy, some were sad. Xu Jiahua was mocked by many people in the circle today.

The reason was simple, Tang Quan had been toyed around by others too badly.

Everyone knew that Tang Quan played with Xu Jiahua in the circle. Now that Tang Quan was sent to the police station by a university student, it was a disgrace to the circle. Many people directly called Xu Jiahua and told him not to bring Tang Quan along when he participated in the circle's activities in the future. They could not afford to lose face like this.

Xu Jiahua was vexed. Who knew that the considerate and capable Tang Quan would fall so thoroughly this time. When he first heard that Tang Quan was sent to the police station, he wanted to find someone to help release him first. But the other person said, "You can watch CCTV first, it's going to be the Focus Interview soon. Also, at 1am, Beijing TV will be broadcasting the news again. You can watch it."

Xu Jiahua turned on the television and watched the entire Focus Interview. After watching it, he understood that Li Mu was not a sheep, but a wolf. After painstakingly managing 3321, he did not earn a single cent, but in return, he obtained an impenetrable armor. It was not impossible to mess with him, but the cost was too high.

While he was shocked, he also made a decision. This time, he would let Tang Quan fend for himself. If the injuries of the National People's Congress students were not serious, he would probably be detained for ten days to half a month. If the injuries reached the standard of minor injuries, he would probably be detained for at least half a year, or his sentence would be suspended for a year. Just from the fact that he was sent to the police station, the consequences would not be too serious.

The only serious problem was that Tang Quan would not be able to mingle in the industry anymore. He had lost so much face in the outside world. No matter which industry it was, they would avoid him like the plague. Even he could not continue to keep him by his side. Otherwise, he would be ridiculed by others.

The two injured National People's Congress students quickly finished their injury assessments. The results were minor injuries, not even minor. In other words, Tang Quan was lucky enough to avoid the charge of intentional assault. He did not have to go through the process of prosecution. The district police station, in accordance with the Public Security Management and Punishment Regulations, arranged a free 15-day tour of the detention center for him.

When Tang Quan entered the detention center, his cool hairstyle was shaved bald. Originally, it was only administrative detention, and it was absolutely impossible to cut the hair of the person being punished. However, the chewing gum on his head could not be removed. In the end, the detention center could only shaved him bald.

In the detention center, Tang Quan saw some newspapers. Only then did he understand that Li Mu's true strength was his flag, 3321. After a little consideration, he knew that his social status was not on the same level as Li Mu. After provoking such a person, he had no chance of winning if he had no one to back him up.

Xu Jiahua did not appear for two consecutive days, and did not send him any messages. Tang Quan vaguely guessed that he had given up on him. Xu Jiahua giving up on him meant that the circle had given up on him. In the future, he would only have his own cultural company left.

Tang Quan, who was in the jail cell, was filled with regret. He should not have lost his mind on the night of the carnival. He should not have spoken rudely to Xu Jiahua's girlfriend. Just one sentence had led to today's big mistake. Truly, one false step causes everlasting sorrow!

(To be continued.)

PS: