Chapter 1334

After urgently communicating all the key points with the two of them, Li Mu had just hung up the phone when his mother called.

As soon as the call was connected, Li Mu heard his mother say anxiously on the other end of the phone, "Son, I heard that a case of SARS has been found in Yan Jing?"

"Yes, mom." Li Mu said, "It was just diagnosed tonight."

Li Ma hurriedly said, "I discussed it with your father. You should come home tomorrow. Your father and I will be more at ease if you are at home. We haven't heard of any cases of SARS in our family."

Li Mu hurriedly comforted her, "Mom, don't worry too much. There are more than 20 million people in Yan Jing, and only one confirmed case has been found. It's not that dangerous."

Li Ma could not help saying, "You can't be so careless at this time!

Even if there is only one in ten thousand risk, your father and I will not be at ease. Your father and I only want a son for you. If anything happens to you, how can we … "

"Oh, mom."

Li Mu hurriedly comforted her, "It's really not that serious in Yan Jing. What's more, I'm very well prepared here. Whether it's at home or in the company, there are very complete disinfection and epidemic prevention measures. I usually run between the company and home, and I don't go to any public places. There's no risk."

"Don't lie to me."

Li Ma said, "There are thousands of employees in your two companies. It's all public places. How dangerous it is!

Listen to me and come back tomorrow. Don't take the plane or the train. Ask the driver to drive back! "

As she spoke, Li Ma added, "By the way, if you come back, bring Ziwei with you. Don't leave a little girl in Yan Jing. Not only is it safe to come to Haizhou, but she can also help you deal with some work matters remotely."

"Mom …" Seeing that his mother's attitude was particularly firm, Li Mu began to plead, "No matter what, I'm the boss of two companies. I usually tell the employees that I will advance and retreat with the company and everyone. As long as I have something to eat, no one will starve. However, as soon as the first confirmed case was found in Yan Jing, I immediately ran away. What is this?

What will the employees think of me then? "

Li Ma was also anxious and said, "It's true that you are the boss of two companies, but you are also the son of your father and me. Can't you let us feel at ease?"

Li Mu did not feel good after hearing his mother's words. However, he could not leave Beijing at this critical moment. Otherwise, how could he cheer for his employees?

If the employees were also too nervous and asked for a long leave, how would the company be able to do business?

Makino Technology and Taobao Technology were both technical support companies. If there was an urgent technical problem, YY could not log in because of a bug, Taobao could not place an order because of a bug, but all the technical staff had applied for leave, what should they do?

The massive loss of users would bring huge and immeasurable losses to the company.

There was no other way. Li Mu could only persuade his mother with emotion and reason. At the same time, he comforted her and reassured her.

After listening to Li Mu's long speech, Li Ma was speechless on the other end of the phone for a long time. After a minute or two of silence, Li Ma sighed and said, "Alright then, since you have something to do, I won't pester you endlessly."

When Li Mu heard this, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief.

However, what Li Ma said next made Li Mu break out in a cold sweat.

Li Ma said, "I've discussed it with your dad. Since you can't come back, the two of us will go over to accompany you tomorrow."

"Huh?!" Li Mu suddenly exploded and blurted out, "You and dad must not come to Beijing!"

Li Ma asked, "Why?"

Without hesitation, Li Mu blurted out, "Because it's dangerous!

Haizhou is a small place with a small population flow. Maybe when SARS is over, there won't be any confirmed cases in our place. Don't go anywhere during this time. It's safest to stay in Haizhou! "

Li Ma asked, "Didn't you just say that Beijing is not dangerous?

It takes 20 million people to find a confirmed case. "

"After all, we have found a confirmed case. It's not the same as Haizhou. It's more or less risky to come to Beijing at this time …" Li Mu tried to persuade her.

Unexpectedly, Li Ma sighed and said, "You're worried about mom and dad, but why don't you worry about yourself?

If you stay in Beijing, it won't be so dangerous. Why does it become dangerous when mom and dad go there? "

"Ah …" Li Mu sighed and said, "I'm worried about you and dad. Even if there's a little risk, I don't want you to bear it."

Li Ma said softly, "Son, mom and dad think the same way. They don't want you to be in any danger."

Li Mu suddenly felt hot in his eyes, and tears were already swirling in his eyes.

This was the greatness of family love, especially the love of a father and a mother. The same thing happened to himself, and he didn't think it was dangerous, but when it happened to his relatives, he would be extremely worried.

For example, when parents saw their children fall, they felt much more uncomfortable than when they fell themselves. If they fell, they knew it and gritted their teeth to get over it. But when their children fell, they were always afraid that they would be in pain and hurt. Therefore, when parents saw their children suffering, the first thought in their hearts was to hope that they could bear the pain for their children and make it easier for them.

Li Mu suddenly remembered that when he was a child, his mother would cook with hot oil splashed on her arm, but she would still cook the dish as if nothing had happened. When the family was eating, she would find some toothpaste and apply it. But once, when the young Li Mu ran into the kitchen and was splashed with oil on his arm, his mother immediately dropped the spatula and carried him to the bathroom to find toothpaste. She also repeatedly asked if it hurt. Seeing Li Mu crying, she felt distressed and burst into tears.

This was also why many parents had to find ways to make money to help their children pay the down payment and mortgage when they were old and retired. If they lived in a poor place, they would make do. If their children lived in a poor place, they would feel particularly sad. Therefore, they voluntarily gave up the opportunity to enjoy their old age and tried their best to earn some money to support their children.

Although the SARS outbreak in Yan Jing had just begun, Li Mu had never felt afraid, so he never thought of leaving Yan Jing to avoid the limelight. But when his parents said that they would come, his optimistic attitude immediately became pessimistic, for fear that there was a slight possibility that his parents would be infected by SARS.

After not hearing Li Mu speak for a long time, Li Ma couldn't help but ask, "Son, are you listening?"

Li Mu wiped his tears and said, "I'm listening, mom."

Li Ma said, "Son, your dad said that the two of us will drive to Yan Jing tomorrow morning. You don't have to worry too much. After we arrive in Yan Jing, we won't go to places with many people. We will stay in Ziyun Villa and cook for you every day. When you come home after work, the three of us can have a meal together. With mom and dad accompanying you, you will feel more at ease. You don't have to worry about mom and dad being in any danger."

Li Mu still wanted to refuse, but Papa Lee took over the conversation at this time and said, "Son, dad has picked up a new car. It's a Benz S600. It's very luxurious and much more comfortable than your big jeep. I will drive it to Yan Jing tomorrow for you to see."

Li Mu's heart was already filled with love from his parents. He said with tears on the other side of the phone, "Okay, I will ask people to prepare some daily necessities, vegetables, fruits, salted fish and eggs. After you and mom arrive, don't go out of Ziyun Villa if there's nothing important."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "You and mom should bring a driver. It's too tiring to drive a long distance alone."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "It's okay. Your mom has a driver's license. She can take turns with me."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Mom has a driver's license?"

Papa Lee said, "Your mom is good at driving. When the time comes, we will take turns driving. It won't be tiring. We will leave at six and arrive in the afternoon."

"Okay."

Li Mu said, "Then you and mom should be careful on the road. Don't drive too fast. I will get off work early tomorrow and wait for you at Ziyun Villa."

Li Ma happily reminded, "Ask Ziwei to come to our house for dinner tomorrow. I miss this girl."

"Okay." Li Mu said with a smile, "I will arrange it."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu felt very emotional in his heart. However, at this time, his parents coming to Yan Jing did give him a different kind of warmth and support. As long as his parents went out as little as possible in Ziyun Villa, the probability of infection could be reduced to the lowest. The rest was that he had to be extra careful. In the following time, except for the company, he would not go to other public places.

As he was thinking, his phone rang again. The call was from Zhao Ziqiu. Li Mu was thinking of calling her, but he did not expect that she would call him first. He guessed that when he answered his mom's call, Zhao Ziqiu had called him.

After answering the phone, Li Mu asked her with concern, "Why are you still up so late?"

Zhao Ziqiu said in a low voice, "I was asleep, but my dad called me."

As soon as Li Mu heard it, he knew that Zhao Ziqiu's father must have called her because of SARS.

So, Li Mu asked her, "Uncle called to talk about SARS, right?"

"Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu's voice was a little unhappy. She said, "He said that Yan Jing is not safe and arranged for a driver to take me home. I don't want to go back, so I quarreled with him."

Li Mu said, "Uncle's mood is understandable. Yan Jing has just found cases of SARS. My mom also called me just now and wanted me to go home."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly asked him, "Auntie also asked you to go home?

Then will you go back? "

Li Mu said, "I can't go back. The employees of both companies are fighting here. If I run away, how can I explain myself?"

"Yes …" Zhao Ziqiu sighed softly and said, "I don't want to go back either, but my dad doesn't agree. We quarreled for a while just now. He said that he has already asked the driver to get ready to leave. He said that he will drive overnight to pick me up. He also said that the airport station is too dangerous …"

Li Mu advised, "It's a critical time. It's better to go home. After all, there are many people in the school. There will always be some risks."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "But I still have to go to class. If I leave now, I will fall behind …"

Li Mu said, "Right now, the disease control department has adopted a very high level of quarantine policy. I heard that if there is a confirmed case in a building, then the entire building will have to be quarantined. The people inside are not allowed to leave, and the people outside are not allowed to enter. If someone in the school is infected, I'm afraid that they will have to quarantine the students in the dormitory building. By then, not only will you not be able to go to class even if you want to, the most important thing is the risk of infection."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "But if I go home now, my parents will definitely not let me come back easily. If the epidemic continues for a few months, then it will be summer vacation. If I go back to Yan Jing, wouldn't I have to wait until September …"

Li Mu sighed. In his previous life's memory, the impact of SARS lasted until late June. There were still three months left. Based on Zhao Xianliang's style of doing things, once he brought Zhao Ziqiu home, he would definitely not let her go back to Yan Jing. He might even send her overseas …