Chapter 616

The constant exposure in the media gave Li Mu a chance to re-evaluate himself. Was he too aggressive in the past?

33??

He was always looking at the distance and rarely paid attention to his surroundings. Now that he had calmed down and thought about it, he found out that he was still lacking in many areas.

The more he did and the more achievements he achieved, the more Li Mu felt that he had many innate shortcomings. The most important one, which was also the one he had neglected, was financial operations. In fact, many great internet entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs in the future were not really good at financial operations, but they had a strong and professional team behind them to solve their problems. On the other hand, Li Mu had set up so many businesses, so many companies, and built such a huge team. Just the strength and scale of the technical development team was far greater than any internet company in China, but he did not have a team that specialized in financial operations. This was indeed a huge mistake.

Looking at his current team leaders, Liu Xiaodong, who had the greatest potential, had only just set foot in the internet industry. It was already good enough for him to understand the internet industry, but it was impossible for him to have a strong ability in financial operations. As for technical talents like Kong Lingyu and Fang Xudong, they were the same. They had sufficient technical skills, but it was difficult for them to break through their own shackles. Lin Ching-ah was 100% capable in execution, but she was not experienced enough. As for Wang Nan, Chen Hui, and Lu Xinyi, they were all experts in their own fields, but they were still lacking in control of the big picture.

Setting up an offshore company system as soon as possible was the most urgent task for Li Mu. Finding someone who was really good at financial operations and could make good use of money had become Li Mu's top priority.

Hui Ka Ming could also see the biggest problem for Li Mu. He said to Li Mu, "It is important to set up a watertight offshore company system, but you have to invest more in the relevant talents. Not only do you need people who know how to make money, you also need people who know how to play with money, and in the future, you need people who know how to spend money. In my opinion, when the company reaches a certain scale, you have to make frequent investments. Not only do you have to invest in companies that can make money in the future, but you also have to invest in companies that can be of use to you in the future. For example, vertical and horizontal industrial chains. You can't possibly do everything yourself, right?

Sometimes you have to buy ready-made ones. "

Li Mu nodded in agreement. "I don't think we can find a single person who truly understands capital operations. It seems that building a professional financial operation team as soon as possible is the top priority."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Actually, it's just that your focus is different. You've been focusing on the Internet and technical products, and your company rarely raises funds. Until now, you haven't cooperated with any real Dafeng Investment, so you don't pay much attention to the financial circle. The big investment banks are full of financial talents. If there's a chance, I'll introduce you to this circle and introduce you to some of the better investment banks. You can try to poach some of them to Makino Technology."

Li Mu suddenly had an idea. He said to Hui Ka Ming, "Why don't you help me spread a piece of news in the investment circle?"

Hui Ka Ming asked curiously, "What's the news?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Makino Technology is looking for suitable capital for Series C financing. The plan is to take out 15-20% of the shares for Series C financing. After the Series C financing, we plan to go public in the US."

Hui Ka Ming asked subconsciously, "Didn't you say that Makino Technology will not raise funds before going public?"

"That's right."

Li Mu said, "It's true that we won't raise funds before going public, but this doesn't stop me from using this gimmick to attract the attention of some investment banks. Think about it, if Makino Technology is going to raise funds for Series C, those venture capital companies will probably be in a frenzy. By then, those who can be sent to talk to me about Series C should be the top talents in all the venture capital companies, right?

Let's meet and have a chat. If they are reliable, we can poach them with a high salary. "

"F * ck …" Hui Ka Ming stared at Li Mu in bewilderment. After a while, he said, "Do you know what your biggest advantage is?"

"What?"

"Thief!"

…

Li Mu entrusted the offshore company's matters to Hui Ka Ming, while he started to look for suitable security personnel to build a security team for himself.

In his previous life, Li Mu didn't even have a nanny, let alone a security guard. He didn't know much about the security industry. However, in his opinion, security was nothing more than personal combat experience and ability, as well as a high degree of vigilance. Where could such talents be found?

Naturally, it was the army.

In Li Mu's mind, retired soldiers, especially retired special forces soldiers, were the most suitable for his needs. However, Li Mu didn't know anyone in the army, and the retired soldiers seemed to only know Xu Jianjun. Therefore, he asked Xu Jianjun out to meet, hoping that he could help.

The two of them agreed to meet at a teahouse. After the meeting, Li Mu didn't beat around the bush with Xu Jianjun. He said to Xu Jianjun directly, "Old Xu, why don't you bring your team to be my security guards? How much a year? Name a price."

Li Mu really wanted to recruit Xu Jianjun. After working with Xu Jianjun a few times, he really admired Xu Jianjun's way of thinking and execution. Most of Xu Jianjun's team were from the army, so they should be capable. If Xu Jianjun agreed, not only would he have a security team, he would also have a reconnaissance team. It would be much more convenient for him to do things in the future.

Xu Jianjun saw that Li Mu had extended an invitation to him and his team right away, so he hurriedly said, "Li Zong, to be honest, I used to be a scout. I'm vigilant, but my combat ability is average. Most of the people in my team also used to be scouts, so they're not suitable to be bodyguards …"

Li Mu looked at Xu Jianjun and saw the troubled look in his eyes. He roughly understood in his heart that Xu Jianjun probably didn't think much of being a bodyguard, so he said to him, "Old Xu, if you don't want to be a bodyguard, then help me introduce a few reliable retired soldiers."

Xu Jianjun frowned and thought for a moment, then raised his head and said to Li Mu, "How about this, Li Zong. I'll reveal a shortcut to you in private, but after you hear this, don't tell anyone that it was me who said it."

Li Mu nodded. "Don't worry, I'm not a blabbermouth."

Xu Jianjun then said, "Actually, you can ask Du Wei, who you've always been supporting, for help with this matter."

"Du Wei?" Li Mu frowned. "What kind of shortcut is this?

I want to find some retired soldiers to be my bodyguards. What do you want me to ask Du Wei for help with? "

Xu Jianjun smiled and said, "Du Wei's grandfather's family is in the military, and her uncle is an officer in the Yanjing military garrison, with the rank of senior colonel. He's in charge of the Divine Sword Brigade in the Yanjing military. I'll introduce you to two retired soldiers from the Divine Sword Brigade, and your safety will be greatly guaranteed."

Li Mu was very surprised. He didn't know much about the family background of Du Wei and Dufy. Hearing Xu Jianjun say this, it seemed that Du Wei's family was quite powerful in the military.

So Li Mu asked Xu Jianjun in detail, "Old Xu, what does the Divine Sword Brigade do?"

Xu Jianjun explained, "Every military region in Hua Xia and every armed police corps have their own special forces. The Divine Sword Brigade is the name of the special forces in the Yanjing military region. Their overall strength is the best in the country, and the special forces are different from other forces. They have actual combat experience. Us scouts haven't had any actual combat experience even after ten years in the military."

Li Mu nodded. Since Du Wei's family had such a relationship, it was indeed very useful to him. However, it wasn't good for him to ask Du Wei to help him communicate with this kind of thing. It was better to ask Dufy.

There was some progress on the matter of bodyguards, but Li Mu still didn't want to let Xu Jianjun go so easily. Although he didn't have much contact with him, for Li Mu, this person was too useful. In the future, there would definitely be a lot of things that he would need his help with, so it would be best if he could tie him more tightly to himself. So, Li Mu said to Xu Jianjun, "Old Xu, how about this? You transfer two smart people from your team to me. These two people will follow me full-time and listen to my orders. If I need your help with anything, they can work with you to ensure high efficiency."

Xu Jianjun hesitated for a moment and said, "Li Zong, I'm a bit short on manpower right now …"

Li Mu said, "For two people, I'll pay you a million a year as a consultant. If there's anything I need your help with, we'll calculate the money separately. We're all friends, so just treat it as helping me."

A million a year for two people, this price was already very high. After Xu Jianjun satisfied the salary of his subordinates, he could also earn a lot from it. So, after thinking for a moment, he agreed and said, "Okay, I'll choose two people and have them report to you tomorrow."

Li Mu was delighted and said, "I'll transfer the money to your account later today."

Xu Jianjun nodded. "Okay, since Li Zong is so straightforward, I can't be too insincere. Two people won't need so much money, so I'll give you a 20% discount."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Old Xu, there's no need for a discount. In the future, just put in more effort for my matters."

Xu Jianjun didn't bother with pleasantries. He smiled and said, "No problem!"

Just as Li Mu was meeting Xu Jianjun, Hui Ka Ming had already helped Li Mu drop a big bomb in the investment banking circle: Makino Technology was going to raise its Series C financing!

And this time, it was going to be a big round, directly raising 15-20%. It should be known that Makino Technology's current conservative valuation was at least a few billion. 20% was a big project worth more than one billion or even two billion.

This news immediately caused an uproar in the investment banking circle. The entire circle was very clear that if Makino Technology's Series C financing was successful, it would definitely be the largest financing for a domestic Internet company so far. Moreover, it was very difficult for a company to invest in such a large-scale financing alone. Usually, it would be led by a venture capital firm and followed by several venture capital firms.

This also meant that everyone had a chance to eat a piece of the cake. So, all of a sudden, dozens of big and small venture capital firms were excited and took the initiative to contact Makino Technology. Moreover, the people in charge of contacting Makino Technology were almost all the most high-end talents in their respective companies …