Chapter 1075

MSN and ICQ were experiencing the same sadness in the past few days when Li Mu captured the headlines of the Western media and made the American venture capitalists restless.

The precipitous drop in daily active users made the people in charge of the two products want to cry but have no tears. This speed was simply incredible. It seemed that there were more than 100 million daily active users yesterday, and today, there were only tens of millions left. After another day, there were only 10 million left.

For these two software with hundreds of millions of registered users, the most critical indicator to measure the scale of the software was no longer the number of registered users, but the number of daily active users. Only the number of active users could highlight the actual influence of this product. If there were hundreds of millions of registered users but only a million daily active users, needless to say, this software had reached the end of its flight and did not have much time left.

The users of MSN and ICQ were highly overlapping with YY. The user group of this product was targeted at users with online instant communication needs, and this strong demand basically covered all netizens. Therefore, the competition of the three products was all-round. Once Li Mu's YY launched a full-scale attack, the other two would immediately be affected.

While the daily active users of MSN and ICQ plummeted, the average usage time of daily active users was also plummeting.

In the past, the average usage time of daily active users was nearly two hours, but now it had fallen to less than 30 minutes. In less than a month, the two software were severely damaged by YY. And according to the current trend, it would be extremely difficult to stop the current collapse, let alone turn the tide.

The fundamental reason why Momo was able to achieve a market value of billions of US dollars under the full impact of WeChat was that Momo itself gave up the same comprehensive battlefield as WeChat and chose the vertical position of "professional dating." It suddenly staggered from the position of WeChat in exchange for a place to survive. This kind of play was like one day when Wal-Mart dominated the world's comprehensive supermarkets, and other supermarkets transformed into sex toys.

At the same time as MSN's decline was evident, interestingly, Lin Ching-ah received a message from Microsoft officials that Bill Gates refused Li Mu's request to meet. Although he had agreed before, this time, he directly refused to meet with Li Mu on the grounds that his personal time was not available.

Lin Ching-ah joked to Li Mu: "Bill Gates should be very unhappy about YY's move to crush MSN, so he decided to break his promise at the last minute, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Maybe he is worried about the charity fund."

Lin Ching-ah suddenly realized.

As the richest man, Bill Gates's charity fund was still very famous, because he donated all his Microsoft shares to the foundation set up by himself and his wife. So the foundation now had more than 20 billion US dollars in funds, and the annual investment return was more than 2 billion US dollars, but it was not known what proportion was used for charity. Li Mu did not dare to say that Bill Gates's charity fund was to avoid taxes, but because his foundation was the largest, many media and individuals were now calling for his foundation to disclose the direction of funds. Perhaps this would cause some trouble for Bill Gates.

Just after Bill Gates refused Li Mu, Elon Musk, who made a name for himself in PayPal, came to visit again.

This was the second time that Elon Musk took the initiative to visit Li Mu after he came to the United States. Li Mu had some respect for him, so he was very polite to him. But for Elon Musk, he came to visit Li Mu basically to pay his respects. Li Mu had just become the focus of attention in the United States and even the entire Western world. It could be imagined how magnificent Li Mu's future prospects were, so he also hoped to be able to have a good relationship with Li Mu, and it was best to become friends.

Although he was wholeheartedly busy with PayPal, he was also very clear that PayPal was only his capital accumulation at this stage. In the future, he was bound to leave PayPal and try what he really wanted to do, so it was particularly necessary to have a good relationship with Li Mu. Maybe in the next few years, Li Mu would become the new richest man in the world. At that time, if he wanted to start a new project, Li Mu could bring him huge funds and resources.

As soon as the two met, Elon Musk first congratulated Li Mu on the miracle he had created at Harvard. Then he sighed and said, "Today, the media said that your speech at Harvard may be the most expensive speech in history, because the valuation of Makino Technology was indirectly increased by billions of dollars because of this speech. This is really admirable."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Don't believe the words of the media. They are not capital. If they say it increased by billions of dollars, will it really increase by billions of dollars?"

Elon Musk said with a smile, "But according to the current trend, what they said might not be wrong."

Li Mu pretended to smile indifferently and said, "It all depends on the actual growth of Makino Technology, as well as the development of the entire industry."

Elon Musk said seriously, "At this rate, I'm afraid that YY will break through 200 million users before the end of this year. At that time, the revenue from value-added services alone will probably reach hundreds of millions of dollars. Moreover, its user loyalty is so high, and the average daily usage time is also the best among all the software at this stage. Once the online advertising business is launched, it will be another extremely huge income!

The capital is clear about this potential! "

Li Mu nodded lightly. All of YY's overseas payments went through PayPal, so Elon Musk must be very clear about YY's current revenue. It could be said that, apart from Li Mu and the senior management of Makino Technology, the person who understood YY's current situation the most was Elon Musk.

The ones who understood the income level of the people the most were the banks, and the ones who understood the revenue of internet products the most were the payment channels.

Because YY was a shareholder of PayPal, PayPal was YY's only overseas payment channel. This also meant that PayPal knew the changes in YY's revenue like the back of its hand.

Through the recent changes in YY's top-up revenue, not only could Elon Musk see the current revenue of YY, but he could also roughly analyze the recent skyrocketing growth in new users through the increase in payment users. After all, he was also one of the big shots in the internet industry. This data was enough for him to judge the current overall valuation of Makino Technology.

Li Mu smiled jokingly. "That's why YY's decision to invest in PayPal is so wise. Otherwise, our current situation would be firmly controlled by a payment channel. It's quite scary just thinking about it."

Elon Musk had always been humble in front of Li Mu, so he spoke very respectfully. He said with a smile, "Li Zong, don't forget that you're one of my bosses. I'm working for you and eBay at the same time!

Li Mu said humbly, "YY is your career. I'm just hitching a ride with eBay to make some money."

Elon Musk laughed and said to Li Mu, "Oh right, Li Zong, I'm here today not only to congratulate you, but also to pass on an invitation to you."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What kind of invitation?"

Elon Musk said, "It's like this. Recently, the influence of your speeches has been increasing, and it has brought quite a big impact on the charity industry. Many charity funds and organizations are under a lot of pressure, and now they're starting to do high-profile charity activities to divert attention. There's a charity organization in Hollywood that was established specifically to help children with malaria in Africa. This time, they're holding a charity dinner, and they're planning to imitate you. They'll announce all the income and future expenses of this charity dinner to the whole society, and they'll also accept social supervision."

As he said that, Elon Musk continued, "This time, I'm also here on behalf of the founder of this charity organization. I'm here to invite you to their charity dinner. If you're interested, why don't you take some time to go and have a look?"

Li Mu was stunned for a moment, then said, "Forget about the charity dinner. I'm really too busy right now. Why don't I donate some money as a token of my sincerity!"

Elon Musk hurriedly said, "I'm really not here to ask you to raise money. It's mainly because the founder of this charity organization has a good relationship with my sister, and he hopes that you can come and increase the popularity of this charity organization, so he entrusted my sister, and my sister entrusted me, so …"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Your sister is in the film and television industry?"

Elon Musk nodded and said, "My sister has an independent film company in Hollywood, and I'm a little involved in it. Both of us like movies very much, but she chose this industry, and I chose the Internet."

Li Mu nodded slightly thoughtfully and asked him, "This charity organization you're talking about, who started it?

What's the nature of it? "

Elon Musk said, "First of all, let me explain to you that this charity organization is not in the form of a foundation. It was established by a few big shots in Hollywood, and the leader is a director. I don't know if he's famous in Hua Xia, but his name is Steven Spielberg …"

Li Mu looked at Elon Musk with a look of exasperation and said with a little anger, "Do you think Hua Xia is Africa?

When I was in high school, my school organized us to watch 'Jurassic Park'! "

Elon Musk was instantly delighted and said with a smile, "That's great. So, you're also a fan of his. Why don't you just make a trip to Hollywood and take it as a way to get to know Steven?"

After saying this, Elon Musk was afraid that Li Mu would not be moved, so he hurriedly added, "There are quite a few Hollywood stars participating this time. Do you know Tom Cruise?

And Leonardo DiCaprio! "

Li Mu stared at Elon Musk with a gloomy face. Although his expression was not good, he was pleasantly surprised.