Chapter 73

The traffic police department had a general professionalism – memorizing license plates.

They dealt with all kinds of vehicles on the road every day, and they might accidentally provoke someone they couldn't afford to provoke. Therefore, memorizing license plates was a skill that every traffic police officer had to master.

Therefore, when Su Weimin asked for Benz's license plate number over the radio, someone immediately replied, "That car belongs to Song Liang, the CEO of Wan Ying Company in Haizhou."

Su Weimin was furious all of a sudden. He had always disliked real estate developers. These people were rich and powerful. They were the most arrogant. He had heard of Song Liang. Although he didn't know him very well, when he thought that his daughter was sitting in his car and was sent home by him, Su Weimin knew that it was definitely not a good thing!

Li Mu was so focused on driving that he did not notice that a Passat had been following him. It was not until the roar of the engine suddenly came from behind that he found that a Passat had passed him. Li Mu did not think much about it. But then, the Passat suddenly turned on the direction light and turned right, blocking not far in front of Li Mu's car.

Su Weimin's car didn't have police car paint. Li Mu didn't know what the car was, but this guy suddenly blocked the road in front of him. It was obvious that he was coming for him.

Li Mu was forced to stop the car and made up his mind not to get out. At this time, a middle-aged man in a police uniform with a gloomy face got out of the Passat's driver's seat. He walked towards Li Mu while taking out an ID and holding it in front of him with one hand.

"Police, turn off the engine and get out!"

"It's over …" Li Mu didn't know Su Weimin. At this moment, he saw the man's police uniform and the huge badge on the police ID in his hand. This was really bad. After his rebirth, he hadn't driven without a license many times. How could he be stopped by the police so easily?

Was there something wrong with his driving just now?

Although it was a headache, Li Mu didn't dare to act recklessly. He had to turn off the engine and get out of the car. However, as soon as Li Mu got out of the car, Su Weimin, who was originally angry, was dumbfounded.

At this moment, he was almost in front of Li Mu. He originally thought that the person who would come out of the car would be the boss of Wan Ying Company, Song Liang, but he didn't expect it to be a young man.

Su Weimin suppressed the astonishment in his heart, strode forward, and said with a straight face, "Show me your driver's license and ID card."

Li Mu had a guilty conscience. He looked around and hesitated for a long time before he took out his wallet from his pocket and took out his ID card. He bowed with both hands in front of Su Weimin's face and said pitifully, "I'm sorry, Uncle Policeman. I haven't gotten my driver's license yet …"

Su Weimin took Li Mu's ID card and looked at his age. He had just turned 18 and was about the same age as his daughter.

Since they were of the same age, Su Weimin's previous nervousness was greatly relieved.

"Driving without a license, you've got guts!

Tell me, what do you do? "

"Sir, I'm a student from No.1 Middle School. I just graduated from high school."

"Oh, from No.1 Middle School. Which class?"

"Class 7 …"

Su Weimin stared blankly, his daughter was also in Class 7.

"What's your form teacher's name?"

"Pang Dahai."

Su Weimin knew that Li Mu was right, but he raised his voice and pretended to be angry. "Are you kidding me?

Isn't that the name of a Chinese medicine? "

Li Mu hurriedly explained, "It's Pang, not Fat. It's Guang Long Pang."

Su Weimin nodded lightly and asked, "How many points did you get in your college entrance exam?"

"636 …"

"Yo, not bad. You're so good at your studies. Don't you know that driving without a license is illegal?"

"Uncle Policeman, I'm taking the driver's license test at Jin 'an driving school …"

Su Weimin was completely relieved when he heard this. It was a false alarm!

So this kid was his daughter's classmate, and they were learning to drive together. It seemed that his biggest worry was groundless. However, he was still curious about this kid's background. Was he a rich kid?

Was he courting his daughter, or was he dating his daughter?

"You're taking the test, and you're driving without a license. Where did you get the car?"

"A friend lent it to me to practice …"

"Your friend is generous enough to lend you such an expensive car for practice?"

Li Mu scratched his head, "Yeah …"

Su Weimin originally wanted to let Li Mu go and go home for dinner. However, when he thought about how this kid made him nervous for a long time and even went so far as to chase after a car and block it, he felt a little unhappy. However, since he was his daughter's classmate, he naturally couldn't do things according to the law. So, he said to Li Mu with a straight face, "Based on your behavior, I can arrest you at any time and then impound this car."

Li Mu hurriedly pretended to be pitiful and begged for mercy, "Uncle Policeman, this is really my first offense. I promise I won't drive without a license in the future. Please be magnanimous and give me a chance …"

Su Weimin glanced at Li Mu and nodded, "Since you're a top student, I have to give a chance to the flower of the motherland like you. Do twenty push-ups on the spot and you can leave after you're done."

Li Mu felt as if he had been granted amnesty. He didn't care how dirty the ground was and immediately kneeled on the ground to do push-ups.

Fortunately, he was young and strong, so the twenty push-ups were considered easy.

Su Weimin held back his laughter and stood in front of Li Mu. He stared at him doing fifteen to sixteen push-ups in a row and suddenly asked, "Hey, kid, which university did you apply for?"

"Renmin University …"

"Oh, give me fifty push-ups!"

…

Li Mu drove the car to the ecological park with his sore arms. He was still surprised in his heart. Why did the policeman double the penalty after he heard that he applied for Renmin University? Did Renmin University offend him?

Did he fail the National People's Congress exam or something?

Although he was very surprised, Li Mu didn't blame the policeman. After all, the policeman was lenient to him.

Li Mu parked the car and the ecological park staff came up to him, "Is this Mr. Li?

Mr. Song is waiting for you in the private room. Please come with me. "

Li Mu nodded and followed the staff to the private room where they were. When he opened the door, there were four people sitting at the dining table: Zhao Kang, Song Liang, Zhang Wanjun, and Lu Yong.

When Zhao Kang saw Li Mu, he finally breathed a sigh of relief. He was so stressed sitting with these big shots of Haizhou that he couldn't even speak properly. It wasn't until Li Mu came in that he felt like he saw his savior.

Li Mu, on the other hand, was quite calm. After all, he had been mentally prepared before he went to Song Liang. So, at the dinner table, he toasted Zhang Wanjun and Lu Yong respectively under Song Liang's introduction.

Then Li Mu toasted Song Liang alone and introduced Zhao Kang to the three of them. With Li Mu's presence, Zhao Kang's previous restraint also eased a lot, and he took the initiative to toast the three of them.

After three rounds of drinking, Song Liang began to ask about the situation of Li Mu's store. Li Mu told him the truth, and Song Liang said to Zhang Wanjun, "Wanjun, look at my brother. He opened a store with hundreds of thousands of yuan at the age of 18. What were we doing when we were 18?"

Zhang Wanjun didn't expect that Li Mu would be able to set up his own business at such a young age. Moreover, he was not the son of an official or a rich man. It was really not easy for Song Liang to value him so much. He even took the initiative to pick up his glass and said to Li Mu, "Brother Li, you are young and promising. As your brother, I can't compare with you."

Li Mu hurriedly raised his glass and clinked it with him politely, but it was still a little too polite, as if there was a sense of distance.