Chapter 54

Xiao Yuanyuan's sudden appearance at this time made First Aunt feel awkward.

"Do you have a problem with me spending a lot of money?!"

First Aunt looked at her and gestured for her to sit down as she said to the other relatives at the table, "Her father and I wanted her to study finance, but she didn't want to and insisted on learning design. She even asked me for a camera, saying that she needed it for her studies. I almost fainted when I heard the price. Guess how much it cost?"

Everyone looked at her curiously.

"Twenty thousand!" First Aunt's words were shocking. "Don't you think she has nothing better to do?"

Xiao Yuanyuan hurriedly explained, "Mom, don't talk nonsense. Twenty thousand is for the camera and three lenses."

Then, Xiao Yuanyuan pleaded, "Mom, you can actually give me thirteen thousand first and I'll slowly save up for the rest of the lenses."

"You save up?

The money you save is also your father's and my hard-earned money! "

First Aunt pursed her lips and shook her head. "Don't even think about it. I'll give you five thousand at most. Do as you see fit."

Everyone at the table was still shocked. Spending five thousand to buy a camera was like a fool's dream for an average family.

Xiao Yuanyuan seemed to be in a bad mood as she pouted angrily.

Li Mu knew that his cousin had been living like a princess since she was a child. She was also a typical artistic youth. She had fallen in love with photography even before she graduated. After graduation, she did not work. Instead, she asked her parents for money and went out to be a backpacker. For many years to come, it would be a headache for his uncle and aunt, who were now full of ambition. But everyone had their own way of living. At least Xiao Yuanyuan lived a very happy life.

At this time, First Aunt said to the crowd, "Look, who else spends as much money raising a daughter as we do?

A few months ago, she insisted on buying a phone for more than two thousand. She hasn't even had enough of the phone, and now she wants to buy a camera … "

Li Mu didn't want to listen to First Aunt continue, so he said to her, "First Aunt, my parents have already said that they won't borrow a single cent from our relatives and friends for the clothing store and my college education. In fact, they've already made preparations in this regard. Don't worry."

First Aunt hurriedly covered up, "We're not worried at all. If you have any difficulties, just tell us. We're all a family, so we naturally have to help each other, don't we?"

Li Mu was too lazy to say more to her, but First Uncle was sharp enough to capture the message.

A single meal would cost a few thousand, and the school fees and living expenses for his child's university would add up to more than ten thousand a year. Furthermore, he had to open a clothing store. Even the smallest clothing store would cost twenty to thirty thousand, right?

That would be forty to fifty thousand yuan. He couldn't understand how the three members of the Li family could come up with so much money.

Thinking carefully about the standard of this meal, First Uncle couldn't help but ask, "Daoping, have you been doing something recently?

The things you've planned will cost at least tens of thousands of yuan, right? "

Li Daoping didn't know how to answer. Today, he was too passive because of his son. His son put a lot of things that he had never heard of on his head. He was also confused.

At this time, it was Li Mu who casually said, "Last year, the father of a high school classmate of mine hooked up with a line that delivered coal to a thermal power plant in another city. My dad helped him get some coal for electricity …"

"Little Mu, you can't simply say such things!" As soon as Li Mu said this, Li Daoping, who was at the side, couldn't sit still.

Last winter, there was a shortage of coal for electricity in the country, and the price of coal skyrocketed. Although the Xiling Coal Mine was almost depleted, it still created a lot of profit with the help of this spring breeze. However, the difference in price was basically taken into the pockets of the leaders through various methods. Even if Li Daoping wanted to get some coal for electricity, he didn't have the ability to do so. How could he sit still when Li Mu put this kind of thing on his head?

However, in the eyes of others, Li Daoping's anxious and even a little angry look had a different flavor.

Everyone thought that Li Mu must have said Li Daoping's secret, so Li Daoping was anxious. Everyone knew that one shouldn't show one's wealth. Since last winter, the TV station had been saying that there was a shortage of coal, coal for electricity, and coal for heating in the north. Even the price of the coal briquettes that were burned at home had increased a lot. Many people had made a lot of money from the sudden increase in the market. Li Daoping was a person in the coal mine. Maybe if there was a chance, he would be able to get some hot coal for electricity.

First Uncle's tone was a little jealous. "Daoping, if you have the ability to sell coal to make money, why are you still thinking about opening a clothing store?"

"Big Brother, don't believe Little Mu's nonsense. When there was a shortage of coal for electricity, every ton of coal had to be approved by the mine manager of the Xiling Coal Mine before it could be transported out. Even the director of the coal washing plant didn't have the final say. How could I have that ability …"

The more he explained, the more suspicious it seemed.

At this time, Li Mu raised his hand with a face full of lingering fear. "I'm just talking nonsense. Dad, please don't be angry …"

Although he took the initiative to admit his mistake, his face was full of innocence, as if he was afraid that his father would be angry.

Now, the fact that Li Daoping sold coal to make money was basically confirmed in the eyes of this family. Now, there was only one question lingering in everyone's mind.

Seeing that his goal was achieved, Li Mu hurriedly said, "Let's hurry up and eat. Dad, First Uncle, Youngest Uncle, you guys have a drink …"

…

"How much money did Li Daoping make?"

On the way home after eating and drinking, Li Mu's First Uncle, Xiao Yunjian, suddenly stopped his motorcycle by the side. He lit a cigarette and asked his wife, Cai Yanhong, who was sitting behind him.

"How would I know?" Cai Yanhong pouted and was a little unhappy. "Your second sister is really good at hiding!

It happened last winter, and she hid it until now!

If Li Mu didn't say it, we still wouldn't know until now. "

Xiao Yunjian took a deep breath. "I don't think it's that much. Li Daoping is just a technician. How can he have the chance to earn this money?"

Cai Yanhong snorted. "That's true. I think he probably earned thirty to fifty thousand yuan. Plus, his son did well in the college entrance examination. I don't know how to show off, so he treated us to this meal."

As she spoke, Cai Yanhong thought of something and said with a smile on her face, "Didn't Li Mu say that both of them are going to apply for layoff?

I think Li Daoping's way of selling coal is also cut off. Otherwise, if he can still sell coal to make money, only a fool would take the initiative to be laid off. What do you think? "

"Let's wait and see!"

Xiao Yunjian smacked his lips. "Didn't Li Mu say that they are going to open a clothing store? When the time comes, we can guess what kind of clothing store they will open."

Li Mu's aunt, Xiao Yunlan, also muttered to her husband, Ceng Jiwei, on the way back, "Do you think that my second brother-in-law is a good-for-nothing? Can he really get coal from Xiling Coal Mine?"

Ceng Jiwei waved his hand and said unhappily, "How is my second brother-in-law a good-for-nothing? I think he is a good person. You and your brother always make fun of him. You are bullying him because he is honest!"

"Oh!" Xiao Yunlan suddenly got angry. "You are still speaking up for him?

Let's not talk about him first. Do you think you have a future?

Let me tell you, you are lucky to have my second brother-in-law around all these years. That's why you didn't show your incompetence! "

Ceng Jiwei's face turned red. After a long time, he said angrily, "Xiao Yunlan, you are too mean. When you were laid off for a few years, did I ever dislike you?"

"How dare you!"

Xiao Yunlan stopped, put her hands on her waist and shouted, "Ceng Jiwei, it's bad enough for me to marry you. How dare you dislike me?"

Ceng Jiwei felt a headache and said quickly, "Okay, okay. There is no grievance between a couple. The child is still in front of us. Let's go home quickly."

Xiao Yunlan's anger subsided a little. She said as she walked, "It's hard for my second sister to open a clothing store. She has a good salary in the unit. How can she do business?"

…

Li Mu, who returned home, was not relaxed either.

His parents sat down on the sofa. Li Mu stood in front of them and was interrogated by the two chiefs.

"What are you thinking?

You bragged in front of so many people. If you don't feel ashamed, your father will feel ashamed … "Li Daoping was a little emotional. He was used to being honest all his life. He couldn't accept being put on this stage by Li Mu all of a sudden.

Li Ma also complained about Li Mu's recklessness. "Don't you know your father's temper?

Why did he have to make things up in front of your uncle and the others? "

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Isn't this good?

In my opinion, the two of you should stop worrying about this problem. You might as well stop working. Anyway, the Xiling Coal Mine can't last another one or two years with its current state. "

Papa Lee glared at Li Mu. "Your father has been working for more than 20 years. You want to quit just because you say so?

Besides, what should I do with your mother if I quit?

Are we really going to open a clothing store? "

"Yes!" When Li Mu saw that his parents had been trapped by him, he immediately said, "Let's open a clothing store!

I have been looking for it in the past few days. If we want to open a store, let's open a big store, a franchise store! "

His parents looked at each other and then stared at Li Mu. They didn't know what Li Mu was doing.

Li Mu continued, "At that time, all the operations of the store will rely on the computer and the Internet. If you run out of stock, you can directly place an order on the computer, and the head office will immediately allocate the stock for you. Every new season, you don't have to go to other places to purchase. The head office will allocate the stock, and you can make some changes according to the head office's allocation list."