Chapter 1411

Half a month ago, the boss and the shareholders of Huanya Group didn't have a unified answer for whom they hated the most. But now, everyone hated Li Mu the most.

However, in order to make money, Huan Ya still had to lower their heads and find a middleman to mediate with Li Mu. Their goal was nothing more than hoping that Li Mu would let them off the hook. After all, Makino Image had already made a lot of money from Mr. Zombie. They wanted to make it up to Huan Ya by licensing the rights to Zombie-Master to Huan Ya, or Huan Ya would be willing to buy the brand name from Makino Image for ten million Hong Kong dollars.

When the words reached Li Mu's ears, Li Mu rejected all of them without exception. His reply was very tough, "Next time, before you find someone to pass on the message, you should first study what the spirit of a contract is."

It wasn't that he wanted to make things difficult for Huan Ya, but that was the nature of business. The deal you made, the things you sold, you have to acknowledge it!

This was the quality that a businessman should have. Now that he saw that the things he sold were making money, he wanted to immediately make a sequel to make money, but at the same time, he wanted to sell off the copyrights in one go to squeeze his own profit margin. That was fine, but now he found someone to be a middleman, and wanted him to sell off the brand he made famous to them at a low price?

How was that possible?

What was the difference between this and those scoundrels who sold their houses in his previous life, then reneged on the contract when they saw the price of the house rise, and took back the house?

Li Mu had seen this kind of news many times in his previous life. The owner sold the house to the buyer, signed the contract, paid the full price, and then the price of the house suddenly skyrocketed. The owner was so upset that he brought a large group of people back to his house. They wanted to take back the house and cancel the contract no matter what. What kind of logic was that?

What's more, when Li Mu took over this second-hand house, it was an old house that had been abandoned for 18 years. It was almost worthless. Li Mu spent a lot of resources and energy to renovate it from the inside out. Now you want to buy it back? What right do you have?

If such a thing had happened to the weak, they might have succeeded. But if it had happened to Li Mu, sorry, he wouldn't give face to anyone!

When the Hollywood film companies saw this, they all gave up on the idea of buying the copyright of Mr. Zombie from Huanya. Instead, they talked to Makino Image, hoping to buy the copyright of Zombie-Master from Makino Image. However, Li Mu declined all of them. He had the idea of developing the "Zombie-Master" IP, and didn't want to sell it for cash.

After rejecting Huan Ya and Hollywood, Li Mu informed the person in charge of Muye Image to begin negotiations with various regions around the world for the distribution rights of Zombie-Master.

After all, what he bought from Huanya was the global distribution rights, excluding Hong Kong. Plants vs Zombies Online was very popular, and so was the movie. Film distributors all over the world were hoping to distribute the movie in their country or region. The high box office in North America gave them a lot of confidence and enthusiasm.

Li Mu decided to open up cooperation, but his requirements were very clear. First, he had to find the most powerful distributor in each country and region. Secondly, the distributor had to guarantee the number of screenings. For this, Li Mu was willing to give 10-20% of the box office earnings to the theaters.

…

When Zombie-Master's box office hit three hundred million US dollars in North America, the technical expert of Makino Technology, Fang Xudong, gave Li Mu a huge surprise. The YYtunes, which Li Mu had asked him to lead the team to develop, had been completed!

When Li Mu received the news, he immediately gathered the core management for a meeting. Fang Xudong was to demonstrate the product design of the software to everyone.

YYtunes was the name of the non-Chinese version of the software, and its name in the Chinese version was: YY Music.

Although the software was developed by Fang Xudong, the entire concept of the product was built according to Li Mu's requirements. It could be said that Li Mu was the product manager of the software.

YYtunes was a highly confidential project of Makino Technology. Along with this software, there was also the development and production of the second generation of Mango-ME. The reason why these two projects were classified as highly confidential was that Li Mu intended to use this software and the second generation of Mango-ME to attack Apple's current music hardware and software industry chain, which was made up of iTunes and iPod.

Currently, Apple did not have a money-sucking monster like the iPhone. In fact, Apple had just emerged from the mire. Currently, the music industry chain consisting of iTunes and iPod was their biggest source of revenue.

Li Mu knew that if he invested a huge amount of manpower and resources to develop the iOS smartphone operating system and the iPhone, he might not be able to catch up with Apple's pace in history. If he did not have absolute confidence that he could defeat the iPhone, the best way was to destroy Apple first.

For example, if a person who would have become a master level football player had his legs broken once before he was ten years old, it would be difficult for him to become a football player even if he could stand up again. Even if he could, he would never become a master level player. What Li Mu needed to do now was to first use YYtunes and the second generation of Mango-ME to break Apple's legs to ensure that it would not have the ability to develop the iOS and iPhone in the future. If breaking it once was not enough, then he would break it twice or thrice. In short, he must not let it continue to develop.

In order to achieve this goal, Li Mu invested a lot of thought into the product design of YYtunes.

YYtunes itself integrated the basic functions of online music listening, music purchase, and downloading. On top of that, it also added an interactive system designed by Li Mu, which allowed users to create their own albums and share them with friends.

The former was the basic function of the current Apple iTunes, and the latter was the music social section that Li Mu added after integrating the future NetEase Cloud Music.

NetEase Cloud Music had a very good user reputation and user base among a large number of music apps. The main reason for this was the excellent design of the product itself. For example, there were frequent comments under NetEase's popular songs. A large number of netizens even specifically downloaded NetEase Cloud Music to see other netizens' comments on their favorite music. NetEase's user-created album system was also very interesting. It created a large number of "KOLs" in the music field, key-opinion-leade, opinion leaders.

Opinions leaders were a very powerful existence. They had a strong influence on other users, beyond imagination. For example, male users would never imagine that an internet celebrity who taught others how to dress on Weibo could open a Taobao shop selling clothes could earn tens of millions or even hundreds of millions a year. An internet celebrity who taught others how to put on makeup on Weibo and micro-video platforms could earn eight figures a year from the advertising fees of cosmetics companies. An internet celebrity who liked to take selfies could earn hundreds of thousands or even millions of advertising fees for a product promotion for a selfie app.

Male users in the gaming industry, the peripherals industry, and the automobile industry actually had a large number of opinion leaders that they admired. Take the automobile industry as an example. There were all kinds of automotive media people like Zhen, No.8, Mouse … These were all opinion leaders in the automobile industry. For example, if a car reviewer had two million fans, and he did a horizontal review of 100,000 to 150,000 cars, and then cleverly promoted a certain car from a certain brand, it was possible that this car would sell thousands or even tens of thousands of cars.

This was not alarmist talk. It was the marketing of opinion leaders that actually existed on the Internet, and it was everywhere!

For example, if you wanted to buy a car, and it was a car that cost 100,000 to 150,000, you had researched it for a long time, but every brand had a product of this price range, and these products had their own advantages and disadvantages. How would you choose?

You would suddenly be in a dilemma.

Some people said you had to look at the brand, and that a joint venture car had more branding power. Some said that a domestic car had the best price-performance ratio, and some even said that you had to look at the three main factors when buying a car.

Some said that turbocharging was easy to break down, and maintenance was expensive, while others said that natural aspiration was weak and fuel consumption was high.

Some told you that Mazda's Chuangchi Blue Sky was awesome, while others said that it was pure nonsense.

Some said that the stepless transmission was the most fuel-efficient, while others said that the stepless transmission was the easiest to break down.

Some even lied to you, saying that the rear non-independent suspension of a French car was even more awesome than independent suspension. This kind of bullshit was basically equivalent to saying that a French donkey could run faster than a horse.

When you were bombarded by all kinds of information and hesitated, the car reviewer that you paid more attention to and trusted, XX, suddenly made such a show. In the show, he reviewed eight products of this price range. You had researched and struggled with each of them, and you also knew that if you wanted to buy a car, you would definitely choose one of these eight models. Thus, the originally deadlocked balance in your heart was unknowingly prepared to tilt. The car recommended by the car reviewer that you paid attention to might affect your final judgment.

In the show, he blindly tested a lot, talked a lot of nonsense, and lied a lot. In the end, he told you that a certain car of a certain brand was the most cost-effective out of the eight models. Thus, all your struggle and hesitation were swept away. You immediately slapped your thigh and said, "Okay, I'll buy it."

Thus, you took the money to the 4S shop to book a car and pick up the car, feeling that the opinion leader was f * cking reliable. In fact, what you did not know was that the program funding for the eight cars he reviewed was provided by the manufacturer of the brand you bought, and they even secretly gave him three million in advertising fees …

It was precisely because these opinion leaders had a great influence on users that they could convert users into their own fans and imitators. Therefore, they were very meaningful to the platform and had a strong promotion effect on the platform as a whole. This was also the fundamental reason why Li Mu wanted to create an "opinion leader".

The current Internet had not begun to breed "opinion leaders", so Li Mu planned to start with music.

In YYtunes, the breeding route of an opinion leader was: First, attract users' attention through excellent reviews, then get other users to follow you by sharing your song list and album. In addition, you could also share it through YY Space to attract the attention of your friends.

In NetEase Cloud Music, an attentive music review might receive tens of thousands of likes and tens of thousands of followers. In this way, users who followed him could see what kind of songs he was listening to. In terms of listening to songs, in fact, many users were in a state of "stagnation" all year round. Therefore, "stagnation" meant that once they opened the Listening Music App, they would repeatedly listen to the same few people, dozens or hundreds of songs, and then listen to them for many years. They rarely updated their music library and rarely understood other singers' other songs. For such users, it was a very big problem to get them to listen to other people's music.

If it was passive brainwashing, the cost of promoting the content to the users would be too high. This was because the first thing to do was to make the song available everywhere, so that the users could be brainwashed. For example, a catchy song like "Mice Loves Rice". However, how many catchy songs could become so popular in a year?

Therefore, the best way was to give such "stagnation" users songs that the people they followed were listening to, but they had never heard of.

For example, A was a folk music lover who listened to the songs of Li Zhi, Song Dongye, Zhao Lei, and Zhao Zhao all year round. Under normal circumstances, he would only actively listen to these few people for several years in a row. Coincidentally, he once found a fine comment by B in a review of one of Li Zhi's songs. He felt that B's comment directly hit his heart, said what he wanted to say, or perhaps said a layer of meaning that he had not comprehended. Thus, he paid attention to this person, and deep down, he instinctively had a certain favorable impression and admiration for this person. This was the main premise of everything.

As for B, although he also liked folk songs, the songs he listened to overlapped with A's to a certain extent, and there were also certain differences. For example, he listened to Li Zhi, Song Dongye, Zhao Lei, Wan Xiaoli, and Pu Shu all year round.

Since A followed B, the platform would have an automatic algorithm that automatically matched A's and B's preferences, calculating the overlapping preferences and different preferences between the two.

The result of the algorithm was: A and B both liked Li Zhi, Song Dongye, Zhao Lei, Zhao Zhao, Wan Xiaoli, and Pu Shu respectively.

Because A paid attention to B, B was A's opinion leader. Therefore, the first premise of the algorithm was to recommend B's preferences to A, not to recommend A's preferences to B. The second premise was that the algorithm would not recommend B's preferences to A, but to recommend B's preferences to A that were different from A's.

Based on these two premises, the algorithm would tell A that B, whom he followed, had listened to Wan Xiaoli and Pu Shu's songs, because A had never heard them before.

A was a "stagnant" user all year round, but when he saw B as his opinion leader in his heart through the comments, the algorithm subtly transmitted a message to him: Don't always listen to the things you listen to, and listen to the songs that you don't know that B, whom you admire, usually listens to.

A felt that B was a very interesting person. He wrote music reviews that hit the nail on the head, and at one glance, one could tell that he was a very insightful veteran. Since B was listening to Pu Shu's "Life Is Like the Summer Flowers", then this song should be good, and there was no harm in listening to it.

Therefore, opinion leader B unknowingly recommended Pu Shu's song to A, and A also began to take a step forward from a "stagnant" user all year round.

If there was one, there would be two, and two, there would be three. Therefore, under the guidance of opinion leader A, he went from "stagnant" to "running forward" …

In the process of creating an opinion leader, Li Mu made full use of the user's vanity. For example, when a user found that his occasional comments were liked, replied to, or even followed by other users, he would be motivated to write more thoughtful comments under more songs. When he found that he already had hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of fans, he would take the initiative to carry the banner of "opinion leader."

At that time, the system only needed to give him a prompt: "Quickly recommend your favorite song to your 15,000 fans …", and he would definitely carefully select a song and recommend it to his fans.

When the system prompted him: "You already have 15,000 fans, and they are all paying attention to which songs you listen to, why not create an exclusive song list for you and recommend it to your fans?"

He would definitely carefully create a song list and then open it to his fans.

What would be the result of doing so?

A small number of users would become opinion leaders, and because of that, their platform loyalty would soar, and the usage time of the product would also soar. At the same time, they would think of ways to increase their influence, which would also bring a lot of new users to the platform.

When a large number of users found their own opinion leaders, they would have someone to admire and emulate, and they would break the "stagnant" state. Because they paid attention to the opinion leader, they would start to listen to more songs that they had never heard before. This would directly increase the platform loyalty of ordinary users, and the usage time of the product.

All in all, all users would put more energy into this music platform every day, achieving rapid development and long-term prosperity of the entire platform.

And this was only a part of NetEase Cloud Music's function. Don't forget, YYtunes was also YY Music. Once it was released, it would be completely integrated into the YY ecosystem. At that time, YY's conversation function, group function, and YY space would become the foundation for music users to socialize based on music.

This was equivalent to integrating NetEase Cloud Music into QQ. This way, NetEase Cloud Music would be like a fish in water!