Chapter 558

After Li Xingping received the feedback from Makino Technology, he started preparing to enter Beijing.

For him, Hao123 was currently in a quagmire, and its competitor was a new internet giant that relied on a cluster of products to expand. Under such circumstances, Hao123, which only had one product, was completely defenseless. He himself had realized that there was nothing he could do to turn the situation around, so the only way to solve the problem was to release a new product as soon as possible.

When Hao123 was at its peak, its monthly income was more than 500,000 yuan. If it was valued at 10 times PE, it would be at least 50 to 60 million yuan. Considering the momentum of its growth and the astonishing growth of its income, Li Xingping estimated that Hao123 should be worth at least 80 million yuan before he would consider selling it. However, after being suppressed by Makino Technology for a while, it was obvious that its monthly income was less than 200,000 yuan. The sharp decline in income was too great, so Li Xingping's current expectation was only a mere 30 million yuan. Even so, he was not confident in this price. When he was considering selling, he had already contacted many internet companies, including a few that were very interested in Hao123. However, these companies considered the strength of Makino Technology, so none of them were willing to take over.

Now, Li Xingping knew very well that Makino Technology was the only potential buyer for Hao123. In that case, it would be very difficult to reach the 30 million yuan price tag. However, even if he was pessimistic, he still had to fight for it.

When Li Xingping came to Beijing, Li Mu did not meet with him. It was not that he was arrogant or looked down on the other party, but he felt that it was not appropriate for him to meet him. Makino Technology's attitude toward Hao123 was to destroy it, and it did not matter whether they could take it in or not. Under such circumstances, it was already a bit too much for him to ask Lin Ching-ah to meet him. If it was not for the fact that Li Mu was eager to bring Hao123 back to the market, he would have directly looked for a manager in the commercial department to communicate with Li Xingping.

It just so happened that Wang Nan, who had received an annual salary of 500,000 yuan from Makino Technology, quickly completed his resignation procedures. He left NetEase 163 with a small team of nearly ten people and joined Makino Technology. Li Mu brought along the heads of the technical department, HR department, commercial department, and legal department to hold a portal strategy meeting with Wang Nan. He wanted Wang Nan to make the first move and get the YY portal online as soon as possible.

Wang Nan was thirty-five years old this year. He had been in the Internet industry for a long time, so he was naturally very professional. However, he did not expect that the big boss of the company would personally formulate the next strategic plan for him as soon as he arrived at the company. Before he joined Makino Technology, he did not know how much Makino Technology valued portals.

Li Mu gave Wang Nan a very heavy responsibility. In his words, it was: "Go online in half a month. When it's online, we need to achieve a clear division of multiple sections of content and achieve a large amount of content to fill in."

Wang Nan's mind was considered agile. When he saw that there were also legal staff present, he guessed that Li Mu might have the idea. Coupled with Li Mu's current urgent request for the portal to go online, he understood that Li Mu might want to import some content from other websites to fill in the gaps.

For a portal, the most important thing was its content. If there was no content below the major channels after the portal went online, or if there was insufficient content, then the user retention would be very poor. It would be very difficult to achieve practical results by drawing water with a sieve.

However, if they started to accumulate content bit by bit from now on, it would be too long. Not to mention half a month, even half a year might not be enough to really settle the content. Therefore, the fastest and easiest way at the moment was to import content from other websites.

The current copyright law was not clear, especially online copyright. Many websites were everywhere reposting content and inquiries from other platforms and individuals. They rarely communicated with the original authors or copyright owners. Everyone's default method was to first take the content online and publish it. If someone came to the door, they would use the vague legal method to argue with the other party. In the end, if they could not win the argument, they would ask the staff to take the content that the other party complained about off the website. The cost of infringement was extremely low.

Therefore, Wang Nan expressed his idea: "Li Zong, we can first grab some high-quality consultation content from other websites and fill in the content. Then, we can go online as soon as possible. At the same time, we can expand our team and vigorously develop our own original content. As we have more original content, we can continuously block out the content that we grabbed previously. This way, we can satisfy our current needs."

Li Mu smiled slightly. He knew that Wang Nan might have misunderstood him, so he explained: "What I want is not to take the initiative to infringe copyright. Although the cost of infringement is very low now, it will inevitably leave a stain on our future. Today, I called the people in charge of the human resources department and legal department here mainly to convey two things to you:

First, if you have any needs for the team structure, you can directly communicate with the person in charge of the human resources department. They will help you build the team as soon as possible and provide you with full support.

Second, we need content from other websites, but not in the form of infringement. The people in charge of the business and legal departments are here today. If you are interested in the content of any website, you can directly communicate with the person in charge of the business department. He will help you to discuss cooperation with the other party. For example, Zhongguancun Online, their content is frequently stolen by other websites, but there is no way to complain. We will not steal their content. We will cooperate with them and give them full authorization to repost their content. Because they are vertical portals, and we are comprehensive portals, there is no direct competition between us. Everyone's user base is also very different, and there is less overlap. Therefore, if we take the initiative to give them money, they will definitely agree. Talk to a few more vertical portals like this, and we will be able to fill in the specific content categories very quickly. "

Only then did Wang Nan understand that Li Mu was not trying to play around the edges of the law, but wanted to directly pay for the authorization to solve the problem of importing content from other websites.

Wang Nan felt ashamed of his assumption just now. He said to Li Mu seriously, "I understand what you mean, Li Zong. I will quickly select some vertical portals and some local portals. After evaluating the quality of their content, I will hand it over to my colleagues in the business and legal departments to discuss the authorization."

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction, then said, "After our portal is launched, we must launch a submission channel at the same time, and set a generous standard for royalties. We will solicit contributions from all citizens. Anyone who can write a little can submit to our YY portal. Once accepted, we will pay according to the quality of the content and the number of words. Only by submitting contributions from all citizens can we quickly increase our content reserves. Once the base number increases, the quality of our content will naturally increase correspondingly. Moreover, we have a payment channel like Alipay as support, so the distribution of royalties will be much faster and more convenient. It will be best if we can cultivate a group of outstanding online columnists."

Wang Nan was shocked by Li Mu's words. Nowadays, few websites were willing to accept contributions for a fee. The model of accepting contributions for a fee was only applicable to magazines and newspapers. After all, magazines and newspapers did not need a lot of content in a unit of time, at most one book a week. But as a comprehensive network portal, its demand for content was too huge. Perhaps the new content needed in a day could be compared with ten magazines. In this way, the investment in content would also become very large. But Li Mu's words were basically saying that as long as he dared to do it, he would give him money and manpower. Since he could give such great support, it showed that he attached great importance to the portal. For Wang Nan, although his work was extremely valued by the leader would bring him a certain amount of pressure, it was more of a driving force to urge him to move forward.

Therefore, Wang Nan promised Li Mu, "Today, I will start to set up the submission process and the standard of royalties. It will be best if we can set up a submission platform on our website. All registered users can directly submit their contributions there. After they submit their contributions according to the categories, our editors will review their contributions according to the categories. Therefore, this will require a certain amount of support from our colleagues in the technical department."

Li Mu nodded. "The technical department is here to serve you. In addition to these, if you want to develop functions such as content filtering, rating, and display weight, you can directly write down the product requirements and meet with the technical department at the same time. The technical department will also spare no effort to provide you with support."

Makino Technology now had hundreds of technical developers. It was the most powerful development team in the country. Not only did it support the entire Makino Technology, but it also supported the Taobao website, Alipay, and other products. With such a large team, just a dozen people could completely support the portal network. If he wanted to speed up, Li Mu could even transfer dozens or even hundreds of people to work together to support the portal network in a short period of time. With such a huge development team as the backing, Li Mu was very confident in any internet product. This was an advantage that other companies did not have.

Li Mu himself came from a technical background, so he knew how powerful the development of internet technology would be in the future. He poached Fang Xudong not just to let him be responsible for the Taobao website or the architecture of a certain product. His biggest task in the future was to help him control the entire technical research and development department of Makino Technology. In the future, Makino Technology would definitely transition from product development to technical development. In the future, the internet and mobile internet would not only be the world of products, but also the world of patents. Communication protocols, architecture support, browser support, data transmission, data processing, data analysis, and so on would require extremely strong technical reserves. Accumulating technical strength from now on was the top priority for Li Mu.