Chapter 1822

After the IPO of Makino Technology was officially disclosed, it immediately went on the fast track.

After the major brokerages divided the shares, they immediately began to subscribe among their customers.

Because the market had strong confidence in the performance of Makino Technology, the subscription process was extremely fast. A total of 45 billion US dollars of shares were sold out in less than 24 hours.

The high recognition of the market made the IPO of Makino Technology smoother. The only problem now was to determine the listing date with the Hong Kong stock market.

Because it was close to the end of the year, Li Mu prepared to ring the bell in Hong Kong on December 1st of the last month of this year.

The ringing of the bell this time was of great significance to Li Mu, so he invited all the executives of Makino Technology and Taobao. In addition, his parents, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page, and Elon Musk were also invited.

A week before the listing, Makino Technology received funds raised by major brokerages. In addition to the underwriting fees, Li Mu took out another 10 billion US dollars from it and used it to distribute to all shareholders in equal proportions.

The old team and core team that followed Li Mu to start the business all achieved financial freedom after this IPO.

Even Lin Ching-ah, who only had a small share, received 100 million US dollars in cash. After following Li Mu for just over two years, she had become a real billionaire.

Li Mu's old friend, Zhao Kang, also followed this collective cashing out and reached the peak of his life.

Song Liang of Wanying Real Estate also became rich overnight. In his own words, he had hundreds of millions of US dollars in his hands, but he didn't know what to do.

In addition to these brothers and sisters who had worked hard with him early, Li Mu also received a huge listing bonus from Makino Technology.

From the tens of billions of US dollars raised by the IPO, Makino Technology took out 500 million US dollars for employee bonuses. All employees could divide the bonus scientifically and reasonably according to the length of time they had been employed, the level of their position, and the size of their contribution.

Overnight, Makino Technology created a large number of millionaires and multi-millionaires.

Li Mu's personal assistant, who was also Li Ma's adopted daughter, Li Ziwei, received a bonus of 3 million US dollars according to the internal distribution rules, which was equivalent to almost 25 million RMB.

Li Mu gave Li Ziwei a special chairman's award and gave her an additional 5 million RMB, totaling up to 30 million in cash.

Of course, in this IPO, Li Mu made the biggest profit.

This was the largest single cashing out since Li Mu started his business. After the company went public, he still held about 70% of the shares. Therefore, he cashed out 7 billion US dollars in cash at once.

After this money came into his account, he immediately invested 2 billion US dollars in SpaceX to speed up the development and testing of recoverable launch vehicles.

In addition, Li Mu also took out 2 billion US dollars to set up a scholarship fund named after Makino Technology.

This scholarship fund would be operated in the stock market, and the direction of the financial management was limited by Li Mu to well-known technology stocks in the US and Hong Kong stock markets, such as Makino Technology, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and other well-known companies.

After all, 2 billion US dollars was not a small amount. It was equivalent to almost 17 billion RMB. If it was all in a bank account, the money that could not be spent in a short time could only get an annual interest rate of a few%.

However, if it was used to invest in technology stocks, even if there was no other operation and just bought it and let it appreciate, there would be at least 20-30% profit in a year.

In this way, 17 billion RMB meant an annual profit of at least 3 to 4 billion RMB, which could make the scholarship fund bigger and stronger.

The use of this charity fund would focus on promoting the popularization and promotion of compulsory education and higher education.

In terms of compulsory education, Li Mu decided to donate to the construction of no less than 1,000 Hope Primary Schools and Hope Middle Schools in the next five years. At the same time, he would provide permanent operating funds for these schools. Once the schools were completed, all the costs of maintenance, repair, teachers, and school staff would be covered by the fund. There was no need for any financial subsidies from the local government.

In terms of higher education, Li Mu decided to add a student loan subsidy. Any college student who met the conditions and applied for a student loan or a funny poverty subsidy could receive a one-time extra subsidy of 1,000 yuan from the student fund. The subsidy would be distributed once a year until they graduated.

Li Mu took out 2 billion US dollars for charity in one go, which shocked the whole society.

There were many rich people who donated money, but it was almost unheard of to donate so much at once.

Countless media outlets reported on his shocking single donation.

Li Mu was very calm about this. For him, money was really a game of numbers at this stage. It was just a number in his bank account, but it was different when he took it out. These numbers could change the fate of many people and make more young people successful.

…

November 29th.

Li Mu's Gulfstream G550 took off from Yanjing Airport and headed to Hong Kong.

Accompanying him were Papa Lee, Li Ma, Li Ziwei, Song Liang, Wei Lan, Chen Ze, and Elon Musk, who was busy with Tesla matters in Yanjing.

In addition to them, Zhao Ziqiu also took a special leave and went to Hong Kong with Li Mu.

Ever since Su Yingxue went to the United States, Li Mu's guilt towards Zhao Ziqiu grew day by day.

He had already planned the future for Su Yingxue. In the future, the Makino Automobile Group would be handed over to her.

He had also planned the future for Chen Wan. She would be responsible for all the business of Makino Image in the future.

As for the strong woman, Wei Lan, she could handle all the projects of Wanying Real Estate with ease. Even Song Liang felt that Wei Lan was more suitable than him to be the CEO of Wanying Real Estate.

Therefore, Song Liang had told Li Mu and Chen Ze more than once that he was ready to let Wei Lan take over the helm of Wanying Real Estate next year, and he would step back.

Li Mu was the same. He was ready to give his share of Wanying Real Estate and the right to speak to Wei Lan.

In this way, it seemed that Li Mu could give these three women what they wanted or what was suitable for them. Only Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu didn't know what he could give her.

Zhao Ziqiu was different from them.

She was a girl who wasn't so enthusiastic about her career. In addition, her living conditions were extremely good since she was young, so she didn't need any material things from Li Mu at all.

For this girl, all her needs for Li Mu were on the spiritual level.

Even if Li Mu handed over Taobao to her to be responsible for, she would never agree, and it would be difficult for her to do it well.

Therefore, the only thing she needed was herself.