Chapter 1098

Chen Ze didn't disappoint Li Mu's expectations.

With just a phone call, the boss of the best Cantonese restaurant in Shenzhen personally came to entertain Li Mu and Chen Wan.

Originally, Chen Ze's identity was already scary enough, but the boss didn't expect that the two friends Chen Ze mentioned on the phone would be even scarier after they took off their masks.

As a man, the person who attracted his attention the most was naturally the young, beautiful, and popular host, Chen Wan. However, what really made him tremble with excitement was Li Mu, who was a bit younger than Chen Wan.

Li Mu was definitely the entrepreneur most loved by the people in the country, and even the celebrity entrepreneur most worshipped by the people. His weight and influence in the hearts of the people was much stronger than any other celebrity. Although the boss of the restaurant was almost 40 years old and didn't know much about the Internet, he was like most people in the country and knew Li Mu's deeds and achievements like the back of his hand.

He never dreamed that Li Mu would actually come to his restaurant for a meal, and this made him extremely excited.

For the privacy of Li Mu and Chen Wan, the boss personally arranged the best private room for them and personally brought the general manager of the restaurant to serve Li Mu and Chen Wan. He didn't let any waiters enter the private room, and he personally recommended a few classic specialties to Li Mu. Then, in order not to disturb Li Mu and Chen Wan's meal, he asked the general manager of the restaurant to personally stand guard outside the door. If the waiters came to serve the dishes, the general manager would take over and personally send them to the private room. In short, no ordinary hotel staff would know that Li Mu and Chen Wan were eating at the restaurant where they worked.

Those who could sneak into Chen Ze's contact list were usually not ordinary people. Li Mu sighed at the fact that when his boss did his job properly, he felt especially at ease. Such a person naturally knew what it meant to keep his mouth shut.

After the two finished eating, it was already past four in the afternoon. The two of them wore masks and left the restaurant. After getting in the car, Chen Wan said to Li Mu, "I won't eat tonight, I'm on a diet."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows, "Even if you want to eat tonight, you won't be able to."

Chen Wan asked in surprise, "Why?"

Li Mu smiled mischievously. "Once you enter my house, you'll have to wait until tomorrow morning to come out."

"Why …" Chen Wan was just about to ask for the reason, but before she could finish her words, she blushed. She couldn't be more clear about the meaning behind Li Mu's mischievous gaze. She couldn't help but avert her eyes to look at Li Mu. She said in annoyance, "I have to wake up early tomorrow. I have to arrive at the scene at 7: 30."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It starts at ten o 'clock. Why are you going so early?

Can't we just arrive at 9: 30? "

"I can be like you."

Chen Wan said, "We have to go to the scene in advance to prepare, and we have to familiarize ourselves with some of the words we say in front of the camera."

As she said that, Chen Wan remembered the request from the station and said, "The reason why the station asked me to come here is to let me do some face and try to give you a brief interview. Can you see if your time can be arranged?

If it can't be arranged, it's fine. I'll just tell the station that you don't have time. "

Li Mu smiled mischievously. "I definitely have time, but the key is how you perform tonight."

Chen Wan's face blushed from his continuous teasing. She said with a bit of rebuke, "You can't be serious!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you perform well tonight, let alone here, I'll even go to your station for an interview."

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu and faintly said, "Why do I have to do this for the station's benefit?

Why don't you tell me what kind of reward you'll give me if I perform well? "

Li Mu looked at her affectionately. "The reward is that you don't leave tomorrow night. Anyway, you can't start work if you rush back at night. Why don't you stay and accompany me for a night?"

"This is your reward for me?!" Chen Wan stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. "It's more like my reward for you!"

Li Mu said with a mischievous smile, "Then take it as your reward for me. Do we still have to be so detailed?"

Chen Wan was helpless. "Then why did you say that I have to perform well? I don't get any reward for performing well, and instead, I have to reward you …"

Li Mu spread his hands. "Then how about this. When I get home, if I perform well, you can treat it as a reward for me. Don't leave tomorrow night."

…

The new house Li Mu bought became a battlefield for him to do whatever he wanted. Chen Wan, who missed him, completely cooperated with Li Mu, letting him do whatever he wanted.

The next morning, when Li Mu was still asleep, Chen Wan's phone alarm rang. The exhausted Chen Wan forced her eyes open and the first thing she did was to turn off her phone alarm. Then, she looked at Li Mu, who was lying next to her, and saw that he hadn't been woken up by the alarm. Only then did she let out a sigh of relief.

Chen Wan looked at the time. It was six o 'clock in the morning. It was about time for her to get up, wash up, and get dressed. She would try to leave at half past six. Then, she would rush to the Taobao Logistics base in Shenzhen around seven o' clock and meet up with the other colleagues who would cooperate with her for the live report and interview.

Although her body didn't want to get up, Chen Wan still struggled to sit up in bed. She was completely naked. She subconsciously looked for her clothes, only to find that they weren't in the bedroom at all …

Chen Wan's face turned red. Thinking back to yesterday, she was even more proactive than Li Mu. As soon as she entered the house, she hugged Li Mu tightly and kissed him. Then, the two of them didn't even bother to return to the bedroom …

Thinking of the intense battle, Chen Wan couldn't help but feel embarrassed. She turned her head to look at Li Mu to make sure that he wasn't awake. Only then did her embarrassment subside a little. She lifted the blanket and was about to get up. Unexpectedly, as soon as she sat up, she was suddenly hugged by a strong force around her waist and pulled back.

Chen Wan screamed in fright. When she was thrown onto the bed by the strong force, she saw Li Mu's smirk.

Chen Wan then realized that this guy was definitely pretending to be asleep …

Before Chen Wan could care about her embarrassment, she saw that Li Mu wanted to do something naughty again. Chen Wan hurriedly begged for mercy, "No, no, I'm going to be late!

I can't let my colleagues wait for me. What if they go to the hotel to find me? "

Li Mu said shamelessly, "It's okay. At most, I'll get someone to inform them to change the time to 11 o 'clock."

"Uh …" Chen Wan was speechless.

Yes, the main character of this ceremony was Li Mu. The original time was 10 o 'clock, and the media planned to arrive at the venue at 7: 30 to prepare. However, if Li Mu got someone to inform them to change the time to 11 o' clock, the media's plan would naturally be pushed back …

However, Chen Wan really didn't dare to let Li Mu mess around anymore.

She had serious business to attend to. Yesterday was crazy enough. If she went crazy again this morning, she was afraid that even work would be delayed. Therefore, she could only coax Li Mu, "Be good and listen to me. I won't leave tonight."

"Really?"

"Really!

I really won't leave. I'll change the plane ticket to tomorrow morning. "

"That's good," Li Mu finally gave up on his naughty tricks and said to her, "Then I'll get up and go with you."

Chen Wan said, "Sleep a little longer. It starts at 10 o 'clock. It's not too late for you to leave at 9 o' clock."

Li Mu said, "I'm worried about you going alone. At most, I'll catch up on sleep at the base. Liu Shixiong has a camp bed there."

Chen Wan saw Li Mu's serious face, so she didn't insist anymore.

…

As this was the first time in many days that Li Mu made a public appearance in the country, not only did the media from all over the country flock to the city, but even the overseas media that had offices in the country also sent people to Shenzhen. For a time, Shenzhen became the focus of the media from all over the world.

Li Mu was one of the most influential businessmen from the mainland of Hua Xia in the past few decades. He successfully broke through the boundaries of national and ethnic boundaries and became an outstanding youth that attracted the attention of the world. He received a considerable degree of recognition and respect from all over the world. Now that Li Mu suddenly wanted to create the first automatic sorting system of Hua Xia's private delivery company, it wasn't a big deal, but it attracted a lot of attention from the media.

Li Mu drove Chen Wan to the hotel she originally booked, and then he drove to the base of Taobao Logistics in Shenzhen.

Liu Shixiong, who was quite hardworking and focused on efficiency, lived in the base.

Before the media arrived, Liu Shixiong took Li Mu on a four-wheeled electric car to tour the entire logistics base.

The warehouse and sorting base in Shenzhen had just been completed not long ago, and it was Li Mu's first time here. However, Li Mu's first impression of this place was that it was big!

It was indeed very big. Because Taobao Logistics had the support from all over the country, the municipal government of Shenzhen specially approved 500 mu of industrial land near the airport, covering an area of more than 300,000 square meters. It was frighteningly big!

Apart from being big, Li Mu's second impression was that it was empty!

In the huge industrial park, there were currently only four steel buildings that looked like hangars, and two small construction sites. These had not even used up one-fifth of the entire logistics base. The rest of the empty land was temporarily used as a parking lot for Taobao Logistics' own vehicles.

Taobao Logistics had built a four-storey office building and a four-storey dormitory building here, but these two buildings were still under construction. Currently, they were completed using the current best steel construction technology to build the four factories.

The advantages of the steel factory building were that it was fast to build, and it was safe and durable. It was easy to modify later on. All the materials were processed in the factory, and they were directly assembled on the spot. With the construction of a few factories at the same time, they could basically be completed in 30 days.

Each of the four factories covered an area of 8,000 square meters. Two of them were used as Taobao's warehouses, one was used for sorting, and the other was used for temporary storage and indoor loading.

No matter if it was external express mail or self-operated express mail, the parcels would all be sorted. After sorting, all the parcels would be transported to the temporary storage and indoor loading workshop. The salespeople in charge of packing would seal the parcels sent to various distribution centers, scan and upload the parcels, and then supervise the loaders to load them. After loading, the parcels would be sent from here to all parts of the country.