Chapter 168

As for how to distinguish the remittance of so many parents, Li Mu had already thought about this problem. The best way was naturally to pay online, but there was no online payment platform now. It would take a certain amount of time to build a real online payment platform, so for now, he could only let the students' parents transfer money. In order to distinguish the ownership of the money remitted by thousands of parents, he specially set up a "random deduction" mechanism.

The mechanism of the random deduction was that if User A bid for 20 hours of Student B's lessons, plus the additional processing fees, it would be a total of 1,000 yuan. Then, the system would randomly deduct a price ranging from 1 point to 1 yuan, and it would automatically avoid duplicates.

For example, there were ten users who needed to pay 1,000 yuan to their respective students. In this case, when the system "randomly deducts", it would consider each other. Some would deduct 1 point, some would deduct 5 points, and some would deduct 55 cents. In short, the final amount that the system would prompt the user to pay must be unique on the 3321 platform.

In this way, it would be easier for Li Mu to distinguish the status of the order payment. As long as the students' parents did not make a mistake when they remitted money, then there would naturally be no mistake when they confirmed it. Even if there was a mistake in the remittance, it didn't matter. They could also confirm it with the remittance proof.

After listening to Li Mu's explanation of the logic of the random deduction, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly had a sense of frustration in her heart. Although her college entrance examination score was much higher than Li Mu's, after such a long time of contact, Zhao Ziqiu sadly discovered that she and Li Mu were not on the same level in many aspects.

However, Zhao Ziqiu soon felt relieved. The boy she liked was extraordinary. Not to mention that she was not on the same level as him, most of her peers would be left behind by him by several streets. Since God had set him to be so heaven-defying, what was there for her to be frustrated about?

Seeing that it was getting late, Zhao Ziqiu knew that Li Mu still had a lot of things to do tomorrow, so she asked him, "Do you want to rest here or go back to the dormitory tonight?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Go back to the dormitory. There are still a lot of things to do tomorrow."

Zhao Ziqiu thought about it and said, "Go back to the dormitory. There are still a lot of things to do with everyone tomorrow."

"Alright."

The two of them went out together. Li Mu hailed a taxi at the entrance of the neighborhood and sent Zhao Ziqiu back to Beijing University. Then, he returned to the National People's Congress. His roommates were still awake. They were huddled around their laptops watching Stephen Chow's Journey to the West.

Seeing Li Mu, Xue Jianfeng said, "Li Mu, are you free tomorrow? Can you accompany me to Zhongguancun?

I want to save up a machine. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Tomorrow morning is fine, but not after noon!"

Xue Jianfeng chuckled. "I'm talking about the morning. We still have to go and verify the information in the afternoon!

Everyone is waiting for noon tomorrow to see how many orders 3321 can close! "

Sun Jian stretched out a finger and said, "I think at least a thousand transactions should not be a problem!"

"I think 1200 won't be a problem!"

Li Yawei smiled and said, "Damn, our 3321 can't be too popular. Many students are complaining that our follow-up certification is too slow!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "We definitely need to continue with the certification. However, what we need to do now is to package and sell the first batch of students that have been certified. Once they find a market, it will be much more convenient in the future."

Liu Nian said excitedly, "Mu Ge, I just looked at my 3321 page. My price has actually increased to 30 yuan!"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Although our National People's Congress is not as famous as Beijing University and Tsinghua University, it is still a key university. I think if we wait until tomorrow, we might be able to reach 50 yuan."

Liu Nian said with a look of longing, "If it's 50 yuan per hour, we can earn about 4,000 yuan a month?"

Li Mu said, "Now there are only a little more than a thousand certified students. When the number of certified students reaches 35,000, the market will definitely return to normal. At that time, most of the students should still be in the range of 15 to 25 yuan. After all, parents who are not short of money can not get as many as they want."

Liu Nian nodded. He also knew that things could not be so perfect. After hearing what Li Mu said, he understood in his heart. Even so, the scale of the income was still very impressive, and he was already a little impatient.

At this time, Hu Zhengdao opened his mouth and said, "I've put up 15 classes. Now the price of a single class is 26 yuan. Even if it's 15 yuan, it's still many times better than working at McDonald's."

Li Yawei said bitterly, "I want to give it a try, but my time is not as free as yours. I have to go home on weekends. This week, in order to do 3321, I told my parents twice, and they reluctantly agreed that I won't go home this weekend."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You are a local aborigine who doesn't have to worry about food and clothes. If you have time, you should spend your time in a relationship. Why do you want to join in the fun?"

Li Yawei smiled and said, "Mu Ge is right."

…

The next morning, Li Mu got up early and took a look at the data. All the 1,500 students had gotten their bids. About 30% of the students only got the basic price of 15 yuan per hour, but the remaining 70% had different degrees of bidding premium, especially Han Bowen, who had the highest bid, whose price had reached a terrifying 380 yuan per hour.

This guy was equivalent to the best among all the students in Yanjing this year, so it was understandable that his price was so high. There were so many rich people in Yanjing, and there might be a rich person who would slap his thigh and give him a higher price to scare off other competitors.

Li Mu did not care much about the transaction price. What he cared about was the transaction rate. Now that everyone had gotten their bids, it meant that the first batch of 1,500 students had all been booked. This made Li Mu very excited. The rest would depend on the remittance situation between 12 and 14 o 'clock.

Li Mu had already begun to plan the embryonic form of "Alipay" in his mind. Since he had already started the tutoring O2O project 3321, and it had such a good momentum at the beginning, then online payment was imperative. In the Internet landscape of his previous life, although the time when banks opened online payment was even earlier than 2000, it had not been popularized. The reason was also very simple: Users did not have the demand for online payment.

Before 2003, before Taobao and Alipay were established, the netizens in the country had almost never come into contact with online payment. Online game point cards were sold offline, and eBay was used for bank remittance. It was not until Taobao was established that the concept of online payment channel platform was truly born in the country. Alipay was also established at that time, and eventually became the most powerful online payment platform in the country.

When Li Mu registered the Taobao domain name, he had already prepared to open up e-commerce, but it was not a good time yet. However, now that he had a strong consumer platform like 3321, he had the soil to develop online payment. He would first set up Alipay and promote it to the students' parents and university students on 3321, treating them as the first group of potential customers. Then, when he started to operate e-commerce in the future, Alipay would be able to play a huge role. It would not be like his previous life, where Taobao first started and realized that the trust between payment and users and merchants was a big problem, so they had no choice but to develop Alipay.

With this idea in mind, Li Mu's blueprint for the internet in his heart was much more abundant.

Xue Jianfeng also got up very early. He took Li Mu to Zhongguancun to buy a computer. After breakfast, they went to Zhongguancun and bought a desktop computer with a budget of 6,000 yuan, which was quite good at the moment.

After settling the computer, Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng sent the computer back to the dormitory. Then, he called the car rental company that he had contacted. In order to pick up Kong Lingyu and most of the employees at the airport, he specially hired a Toyota Coaster and a driver.

At 11: 55 am, Kong Lingyu walked out from the exit of the airport with eight employees of Makino Technology. The vanguard of the Makino Technology team had finally arrived in Beijing.

Li Mu went forward to greet Kong Lingyu and shook hands with him and the other employees. Some of the other employees had met Li Mu before, while some had not. So, Kong Lingyu made additional introductions to Li Mu.

After the introductions, Li Mu invited everyone to get in the car. As soon as the driver started the car, Kong Lingyu, who was sitting with Li Mu, said to Li Mu, "I just turned on my phone, so I haven't had time to ask about the current situation of the auction. Let me make a call and ask."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Now it's two minutes to 12. When the dust settles at 12, we just need the final data."

Kong Lingyu said excitedly, "I'm a little impatient. I estimate that the total amount of this auction will exceed 1.2 million!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "1,500 students have been bid, and most of them have gotten a premium. Those top scorers in the college entrance examination are our top bidders. They can greatly increase the average price, so I estimate that it should be about 1.5 million."

Kong Lingyu said, "The average time of 1,500 students on the shelf is fixed, which is about 20 hours. Now 1,500 students have been bid. Boss, do you think it can reach 1.5 million? In this way, the average price of the class should reach 50 yuan!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Is it difficult to get an average price of 50 yuan?

When I looked at it at eight o 'clock in the morning, the price of the top bidder was 380 yuan. I guess it has exceeded 500 yuan now. "

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "What kind of nouveau riche is to spend 500 yuan for an hour to hire a private tutor? Now 500 yuan is equivalent to the monthly salary of an ordinary worker in a third-tier or fifth-tier city."

Li Mu said, "Don't use the perspective of third-tier or fifth-tier cities to look at the consumption power of first-tier cities. I don't dare to say about other cities, but the total number of billionaires and hidden billionaires in Yan Jing is definitely the highest in the country. 500 yuan for an hour of tutoring is nothing to them."

Kong Lingyu scratched his head and said, "You're right."

Then he looked at his phone. It was past 12 o 'clock. Just when he was about to make a call, his phone rang.

It was the staff who stayed in Jinling.