Chapter 370

Zhao Kang, who still had a few circles of bandages wrapped around his head, finally became a man. Wang Jia also completed the transition from a girl to a woman in his arms. Although the environment was a little crude, it was rare that the two of them were in love. Nothing was more important than this.

The next morning, when Li Mu met up with Zhao Kang, he immediately picked up Zhao Kang and Wang Jia at the entrance of his school. Li Mu was surprised to find that all three of them had dark circles under their eyes, especially Zhao Kang. His expression was full of fatigue, but strangely, he seemed to be in a good mood. There was a mysterious smile on his face.

Li Mu had no intention of losing to women, but he inadvertently noticed that Wang Jia's movements were extremely cautious when she got into the car, especially when she sat down with a slightly pained expression. Li Mu's heart was as clear as a mirror.

He looked at Zhao Kang again. This kid looked like he was overindulging in debauchery. There was no need to guess to know what he had done last night.

Li Mu sighed in his heart. Zhao Kang was not bad. A few days ago, he missed the opportunity to shoot, but last night, he finally seized the opportunity. It seemed like he scored a lot of goals.

Wang Ke sat in the last row as soon as she got into the car. She said, "I'm too tired after playing Legend of Mir all night. I'm going to sleep first. Wake me up if you need anything."

Zhao Kang also said to Li Mu, "I'm going to sleep for a while. Wake me up when it's my turn to drive."

Li Mu nodded, but in his heart, he said, "I'm afraid your legs are too weak to step on the gas pedal. Forget it."

Li Mu drove to Su Yingxue's aunt's house to pick her up. On the way, the three of them almost fell asleep.

After picking up Su Yingxue, Li Mu drove all the way south. From seven o 'clock to twelve thirty in the afternoon, Li Mu drove more than four hundred kilometers. The road conditions were not bad. After lunch, they hurried on and arrived at Pengcheng at four o' clock in the afternoon. Pengcheng drove a few dozen kilometers south on the national highway to Wang Jia and Wang Ke's hometown. Then they turned back to Pengcheng and drove all the way back to Haizhou. It was already eight o 'clock in the evening when they arrived at Haizhou. The whole journey took a little more than twelve hours.

Li Mu drove all the way by himself. Although Zhao Kang repeatedly said that he wanted to change hands for Li Mu, Li Mu still didn't let him. He smoked a pack of cigarettes and drove smoothly to Haizhou.

As soon as he returned to Haizhou, the humid air was very familiar to Li Mu. But as soon as he got home, he felt that this kind of weather was very uncomfortable. It wasn't that Li Mu had forgotten his roots. It was that all the children from the south who had been to the north and enjoyed the warm air had the same thing in common. They could no longer adapt to the winter in their hometown.

It was humid and cold in the south. The temperature was two or three degrees below zero most of the time. Literally, it was much warmer than the north, but if you really felt it, you would freeze to death.

The humid and cold was a kind of coldness that went deep into the bone. The humidity of the air was often more than 90%, which was incomparable to the humidity of the air in Yan Jing, which was about 10%. In this kind of weather, people only felt a little wet all the time and couldn't warm up no matter how hard they tried.

Although Li Mu's home was air-conditioned, the heating effect of the air-conditioner was far less than that of the heating. In addition, the old brick building had no wall insulation at all, so it was difficult to warm up even if the air-conditioner was turned on.

As soon as they got home, Papa Lee and Li Ma prepared a table of sumptuous meals. The family of three had a happy meal. Papa Lee and Li Ma asked about Li Mu's study and life at school, and Li Mu asked about his parents' life and business at home.

Papa Lee and Li Ma's current living conditions were very good. Although they had opened two large-scale clothing stores, they didn't need to keep an eye on them every day. They basically just went to the store every day and checked the accounts every week to understand the specific business situation. For the rest of the time, they were basically free to do whatever they wanted. They went to bed early and got up early every day, kept exercising, and occasionally went to other places for sightseeing or investigating the south. Their life was very comfortable.

Originally, his parents had planned to open another clothing store, but after communicating with Li Mu last time, Li Mu didn't agree, so they temporarily shelved the plan of opening a new store. However, they didn't give up the idea of expanding the scale of their business. They were still thinking about finding opportunities to open a new store after the New Year.

After a few words of persuasion, Li Mu didn't say anything more. If his parents really liked doing business, they should be allowed to do it freely. If they always stopped them from doing it, they might not be happy.

Li Mu took out the gifts he bought for them and handed them two exquisite watch boxes. He said to his parents, "This is the gift I bought for you. I hope you like it."

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't recognize the Omega logo. When they opened it, they found that it was a watch.

Papa Lee looked at the exquisite watch face and asked Li Mu, "Son, this watch costs a lot, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not much. It's mainly to match your and my mother's temperament."

Papa Lee couldn't bear to put it down and said, "It's better to live in a big city. How can we buy such a beautiful watch in Haizhou?"

Li Ma also echoed, "Haizhou is ranked last among the cities in the country, right?

There isn't even a high-rise building in the city. "

Papa Lee hit the table and pointed at Li Mu. "Son, go to school well. Don't go back to Haizhou in the future. Develop yourself in a big city!

Our goal now is to make more money so that you can directly take root in Yan Jing after you graduate from college! "

After dinner, the three of them chatted in the living room. After a few words, Li Mu felt cold. In the room in the south, the heat in his body had been lost. The weather here was not cold at first, but after a while, he would find that without a heating device that could compensate for the heat, the room could not be warm at all.

Li Mu wrapped himself in the down jacket again and asked his father, "When can we live in our new house?"

Papa Lee said, "On the 24th of the twelfth month of the lunar year. I've asked someone. That day is suitable for moving."

Li Mu counted with his fingers. Fortunately, it was only a few days away.

The new house was a steel-concrete structure, which was much stronger than a brick house. Song Liang had told him that although the community he built did not have central heating, the wall insulation of the house was very good. All the windows were double-glazed, and the thermal insulation effect was much better than that of the single-glazed windows at home. That kind of house was equipped with air conditioning, and the heat could be stored, so it was naturally much warmer.

At this time, Papa Lee said, "By the way, when we move, I want to take your grandparents to live here for a while. Your grandfather is not in good health. He has had silicosis for so many years, and he can't breathe in winter. The house in our hometown is too cold. I want to take them to our city hospital for a good examination."

Li Ma said, "Then after we move, you can drive to pick them up."

Father Li said, "Let's go together. We can visit our relatives on the way."

Li Mu said, "I also bought some gifts for my grandparents, and Fenfen. I bought her a laptop so that she can learn something."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Fenfen got married at the end of March."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Didn't you say it was in May of the lunar calendar last time?

It's still half a year, isn't it? "

Papa Lee interrupted, "Your uncle is very powerful now. Almost all the canteens in the village within a radius of dozens of miles are delivered by him. The van has not been idle since he bought it. He can't run here by himself, so now he has hired a driver. He also wants to open another shop in the east of the town. Now that he's making money, many people know that Fenfen is engaged to another man, but they still want to find a husband for her. The man is afraid that your uncle's business will get bigger and bigger, and he will go back on his word in the future, so he wants to bring forward the wedding date."

Li Mu frowned and said, "An 18-year-old girl will have just graduated from high school in the city. Will she have a good life if she gets married so early?"

Papa Lee said, "It's like this in the countryside. Only a very small number of girls like Fenfen are in school. The rest will either go out to work, or get married and have children. If a girl like Fenfen stays at home and doesn't get married, she will become a joke in two years."

Li Mu knew that his cousin was not cultured, but she was definitely a good girl. Getting married at the age of 18 was definitely not a good thing in his opinion. The reason why Li Mu thought of buying her a computer was to broaden her horizons. While she was still very young, she would carefully decide her future. She didn't want to get married before she even left the town, and she didn't want to start taking care of children at home when her peers had just entered college.

On the second day back home, Li Mu went to visit his grandparents. Then his father came forward to treat his mother's family to a meal. Li Mu gave the remote control short card to Xiao Hao. Xiao Hao loved it. He used to dream of a remote control car, but his mother never bought it for him. Some time ago, she bought him the best remote control car in the department store. It cost more than 300 yuan. Xiao Hao liked it very much. Today, when he saw the remote control short card Li Mu bought, he realized that his remote control car was nothing compared to it.

On the third day, Li Mu went to visit Song Liang. Although there was a big difference in age between them, they had the same interests, so their relationship had always been relatively close. Song Liang pushed off the dinner that day and called his wife to treat Li Mu to a drink.

Now, Song Liang's investment in Makino Technology had already exceeded one billion yuan. Song Liang invested 2.5 million yuan for 5% of the shares, and the current value had already exceeded 50 million yuan. Song Liang could not believe this speed, but the reputation of Makino Technology was there. Anyone who knew about the Internet would know that Makino Technology was developing rapidly. Coupled with the cash cow Happy Farm, the future development was immeasurable.

Song Liang once chatted with a classmate who was in the Internet industry. At that time, he did not mention his relationship with Makino Technology, but only asked the other party how high the actual value of Makino Technology was. He did not expect the other party to say that Makino Technology's current strength had not really shown. Tieba was established, Easy Hearing was split, and Happy Farm was also growing, but no matter how he looked at it, Makino Technology was playing a game of stars surrounding the moon. People in the industry thought that Tieba was the "moon," but he felt that the real "moon" should not have appeared yet. Makino Technology had a bigger move that had not been made.