Chapter 837

Zhao Xianliang rarely used a joking tone and said to Li Mu, "If you smash through the price of home computers, I'm afraid the entire industry will hate you to death, right?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled faintly, "So be it. In my eyes, these days, it's more hardware manufacturers that are hindering the development of society. Computer manufacturers want to maintain high profits and maintain their position in the industry, but deep down, they don't necessarily want computers to be too popular, because once they become popular, it means that their profit margins will decrease. To maintain their previous income, they may have to invest more manpower and resources, especially once the profits are made public. Maybe the profit they made from producing 100,000 units a year will have to be made by producing a million units to catch up. Moreover, if they produce a million units and the industry becomes popular, there will definitely be many new competitors that will nibble away at their market space. It's even more disadvantageous for them."

As he said that, Li Mu paused and continued, "On the other hand, if the speed of popularization of computers slows down and the profit margins become blurred, the current hardware manufacturers can tacitly enjoy the nourishment of high profit margins. It's precisely because of this situation that computers are still a luxury that most Hua Xia families can only dream of. In this case, it's difficult to achieve a large-scale acceleration of the popularization of home computers and the Internet. If we don't smash through their profits, I'm afraid that the popularization of home computers can only be achieved through inflation, currency depreciation, and an increase in per capita income. This is really too sad for the Internet industry in Hua Xia."

Zhao Xianliang frowned. This was the first time he heard this theory, but what Li Mu said made sense. If no one came to smash through the price of the computer manufacturing industry, the companies in this industry would maintain the mentality of making a fortune in silence. If the industry was kept opaque and one hundred thousand units a year could earn a hundred million, once the industry became transparent, it would be difficult to guarantee a hundred million even if one million units a year were made. Under these circumstances, everyone would be willing to produce one hundred thousand units a year and easily earn a hundred million.

To trigger a change in a company or even an industry, it must be a huge impact, completely disrupted its previously fixed model, and then rebuild the order. Li Mu was young, but he could play the game to this extent. Whether it was vision, breadth of mind, or courage, he was by no means simple.

After sighing, Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "I'm curious, why are you so passionate about the Internet?

You're even willing to put in so much effort and offend the entire computer manufacturing industry to promote the development of the Internet? "

Li Mu explained faintly, "In my eyes, Hua Xia's computer manufacturers wanting to lead the industry one day is completely a pipe dream. In the core hardware of computers, most of them have to rely on the supply of overseas monopolies. Whether it's the CPU, memory chips, or motherboards, as long as the computer is involved in the field of chips, they basically have to use overseas products and solutions. It's impossible to catch up in the core layer. No matter how many computers they build, how much say and profit margin will they have?"

"That's true."

Zhao Xianliang nodded in agreement. Although he didn't know much about the computer industry, it was the same for any industry. Once the core layer was in the hands of others, it was impossible to lead the industry's development.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "But the Internet is different. The Internet industry is the most imaginative industry in the world, and it is also the most brilliant crystallization of the world's wisdom. Its development is an art, a super art that combines software, hardware, products, development, operation, promotion, human nature, psychology, needs, and aesthetics. It is also because it is an art that it can break the tradition and the monopoly of the inherent advantages, and it is easier to create miracles."

At this point, Li Mu's tone suddenly became sharp, and he said resolutely, "If smashing Hua Xia's computer manufacturing company can give Hua Xia's Internet development wings, I will definitely do it, and I will do it without hesitation!"

There was something else that Li Mu didn't say. He felt that once Hua Xia's Internet advanced by leaps and bounds, with the guidance and support of his rebirth, Hua Xia's Internet industry might have the opportunity to lead the world in a frenzy.

Intel's advantage in CPU was something that no company would be able to catch up to in the next 30 to 50 years. Even so, it only covered most of the computers. In the mobile terminal market of mobile phones and tablets, its share was so low that it was almost negligible. This was the natural development barrier of hardware.

However, Zuckerberg's Facebook not only covered most computers, but also hundreds of billions of mobile Internet terminals. These mobile devices might use processors from Apple, MediaTek, or Qualcomm. It was a field that even a strong company like Intel could not reach, but it could still be conquered by Facebook. Facebook's market value was also more than double that of Intel. This was the magic and charm of the Internet industry.

Therefore, in order to achieve this goal, not to mention smashing the profits of computer manufacturers, even if he had to destroy the computer manufacturers' rice bowls, force them to beg on the streets, or force them to cut him with a knife, Li Mu would not hesitate to do so!

At this time, Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but secretly give Li Mu a thumbs up. He praised, "Listening to what you said, if the 'computers in the city' policy really starts to be implemented, coupled with your Shenzhou smashing the profits of home computers, when the time comes, consumers will not only enjoy a more transparent price when buying computers, but they will also receive subsidies from the government. This way, the number of computers in the country will definitely skyrocket. This idea is indeed very good. Not only do you think big, but you also make it big!"

Li Mu's eyes lit up!

It was really rare to hear Zhao Xianliang praise him. Li Mu suddenly felt that he seemed to have found a way to communicate with him.

Zhao Xianliang was a businessman through and through. Moreover, he had started from scratch and worked hard to get to where he was today. If he wanted to make such a person submit to him, it was useless to be polite and humble. He had no lack of such people around him. Moreover, these people were all people who were at least one level lower than him. For example, his subordinates or other people who needed his help or depended on him to survive.

Precisely because of this, the more he behaved like this, the more he would naturally feel that he was superior to him.

On the contrary, if he wanted to make him submit, he had to make him realize that he was very awesome. Not only was he more awesome than he thought, but he was even more awesome than he was.

Therefore, Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "Uncle, what I think and what I want to do is much bigger than what I said just now. What I said just now is actually only a part of my entire plan."

When this sentence came out, Zhao Xianliang was indeed shocked.

In order to promote the development of the Internet, not only did Li Mu use himself as an example to promote the magic of the Internet in an interview with Central TV, he also pushed for the government to introduce a national subsidy policy of "computers entering the city". Then, he used the special business model of Shenzhou, Taobao, and Taobao Logistics to further lower the terminal price of computers. He did so much, and it was actually only a part of his entire plan?

What other plans did this kid have?

While Zhao Xianliang was surprised, he also felt an itch in his heart. He wanted to know, and could not wait to know, what plans and preparations Li Mu had made for this plan.

"Li Mu, what other plans do you have? Why don't you tell me about them?"

Li Mu smiled indifferently. "What I said before was to promote the popularization of home computers. However, those who can afford computers are still only a small portion. What about the rest?"

Zhao Xianliang was also thinking in his heart. Yes, what about the rest?

There were many families who did not have money. Even with a 50% discount, they might not be able to afford a computer. What about these people?

Therefore, under Zhao Xianliang's strong curiosity, Li Mu explained his entire plan for the chain of Internet cafes in detail.

The concept of the chain of Internet cafes was so big that it far exceeded the weight of the words "chain of Internet cafes". It was not as simple as making it convenient for more people to surf the Internet. Li Mu's plan for the chain of Internet cafes was deeply tied to all of his current projects. This was the most awesome part.

After listening to Li Mu's words, Zhao Xianliang's whole worldview was almost subverted. It was hard to imagine that a young man could make such a huge plan and structure for the development of an industry. He could also release it from the paper stage directly into the practical stage. This was really too awesome. Even Zhao Xianliang was particularly impressed in his heart.

Even he, even those entrepreneurs who had the same wealth as him, or even more wealth than him, could not reach the height of Li Mu.

There were many entrepreneurs in Hua Xia who made their fortune through real estate, but none of them could put the professional ethics of "making more people able to live in affordable housing" and "making more people live in good housing" in their hearts. They only thought about how to get higher profits by raising housing prices. That was all. It was impossible for them to consider how to let the real estate industry benefit the public and society.

It was precisely in this industry atmosphere that there would be an embarrassing situation where real estate developers built more and more houses, but more and more people could not afford to buy houses. Compared with them, Li Mu was not only many levels higher in business, but also far more responsible for society.

There were many people who aspired to change the world, society, and industry, but those who succeeded were few. Moreover, a twenty-year-old young man who had this kind of mind, this kind of thinking, this kind of vision, and this kind of strategy, and could even use his own means to push it step by step, could really be regarded as unprecedented in the past, and no one in the future!

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang's view of Li Mu in his heart had undergone a tremendous change. His heart was already full of admiration.

Zhao Xianliang listened and smacked his lips. The more he listened to Li Mu talk like this, the more he felt that Li Mu was really not simple.

Thinking of this, Zhao Xianliang secretly thought in his heart, Damn, what is really not simple? This kid is really awesome!

I just want to write a word for him now, a big word "admire"!

…