Chapter 179

Under normal circumstances, Li Mu did things without hesitation. For example, when it came to buying a car, he made an appointment with Zhao Kang that night and asked him to accompany him to see the car at noon the next day.

Zhao Kang was not surprised at Li Mu's decision to buy a car, so he agreed without hesitation.

The next morning, Xue Jianfeng, who went out for morning exercise, bought two newspapers. Yanjing Evening News and Yanjing Youth Daily were both sold in the morning. In the two quarto newspapers, there was half a page reporting on Li Mu and his 3321. Xue Jianfeng handed the newspaper with Li Mu's photo in front of Li Mu and said, "What are you doing, brother? You're acting cool in the newspaper!

Can't we still be friends? "

Li Mu glanced at it and smiled, "I thought you could give me a color stamp."

"F * ck, you still want to go to heaven!"

Xue Jianfeng curled his lips, and the others hurried forward to read the two newspapers. For them, Li Mu was on the news and in the newspaper, and they were also very proud. However, they were like Xue Jianfeng, scolding Li Mu for being too wasteful and posing so arrogantly, which indirectly made it more difficult for others to pick up girls.

Li Mu did not answer them, but said, "3321 is going to set up an office in the National People's Congress. You three are not tutoring, so if you have nothing to do, you can consider working part-time. The salary will not be too low."

Sun Jian said, "I was just about to tell you that I'm going to try tutoring."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "Then you can register directly. The second batch of certification will start with you."

Sun Jian said, "I can earn thousands of yuan a month. I've been tempted for two days."

"Then do it."

Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei were not short of money, so they said, "When will the second batch of student certification start?

Then we'll lead the team to do the certification. "

Li Mu smiled, "Let's start tomorrow. The second batch of certification will be three thousand people. Find more part-time students from the school and come down on Friday night."

Xue Jianfeng said, "Then why don't you go to One Scoop Pond and post a post?

You are so influential now. Post a post and leave my and Yawei's numbers, and we'll help you do it beautifully. "

Li Mu thought it was reasonable, so he registered an account with the nickname Li Mu and posted a post. He was recruiting part-time in the National People's Congress, and also recruiting semi-full-time students and full-time graduates of the National People's Congress. The hourly salary was five yuan, and the full-time salary was 1,500 yuan per month. Eight hours with two days off. would be paying social insurance and fund through a professional.

The salary was much higher than the regular company, so it should be a competition.

After the post was posted, Li Mu and a few of his dorm mates went to eat and prepare for class.

In the morning, Li Mu was still thinking of quickly getting through the two classes in the morning and then taking the car to get rid of his thoughts. He did not expect that a few more print media would come in the morning, but they were still local newspapers and magazines. The highest-level media such as Huaxia Central Television, People's Daily, and Reference News had not moved yet.

Li Mu felt that they were still observing. After all, 3321 had just started and had not stabilized yet.

Although Li Mu was usually low-key, he still hoped that the 3321 incident could cause as much of an impact as possible. It would be best if Hua Xia and CCTV could come to the National People's Congress to interview him. That would be perfect.

After the interviews, it was 11: 30. Li Mu hurriedly left the school and took a taxi to pick up Zhao Kang. They went to a Buick 4S shop that he had consulted last night.

Buick did not have many models. The popular models were the 1.6 CC Buick Sail, Buick Century, and Buick GL8.

Li Mu had driven this year's GL8 before, so he had a general understanding of its power and performance. Therefore, when he arrived at the 4S shop, he did not test drive it. There was a car that had only gone 40 kilometers, so he directly paid for it.

After getting the insurance at the 4S shop, Li Mu directly drove Zhao Kang to pay taxes and get the license plate. The most worry-free thing about buying a car now was that getting the license plate was simple. All the troublesome procedures in the middle were handled by the resellers, so it was much faster.

Li Mu did not have any special requirements for numbers. The number plate that was issued now was Jing E, and the numbers were purely numeric. Li Mu randomly picked a number without a 4, quickly put the number plate on, and drove away.

After getting the number plate, it was only three in the afternoon. Zhao Kang did not expect that buying a car would be so easy. He originally thought that it would take a few days, but he did not expect that it would only take three or four hours.

After everything was done, Li Mu was still lamenting in his heart. When he had just been reborn, he thought that his first car would be a Benz, a BMW, or an imported Land Cruiser. However, he did not expect that his first car would be a mediocre GL8. The main reason was that he was short of money. Li Mu had a total of more than a million yuan. Buying an expensive car would be a complete waste because buying a three-bedroom house now was the price of an imported Land Cruiser. Ten years later, the house would rise to eight million yuan, and he could buy ten Land Cruisers in a row.

Zhao Kang had to go back to class, so Li Mu sent him to the school gate. He gave him a car key and said to him, "The car is usually parked at Yucheng Garden. If you want to drive, let me know in advance. We can discuss the time."

Zhao Kang nodded, took the key and said, "Then I'll go back to school first."

Li Mu said, "Sister Wan will come over this weekend. Let's have dinner together."

Zhao Kang thought for a moment and said, "If Sister Wan is coming, don't drag me into being a third wheel."

Li Mu said, "What nonsense are you talking about? Where did this third wheel come from?"

Seeing Li Mu's serious face, Zhao Kang sighed and said, "It's just a meal. I won't participate in anything else."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's take some time to go to Makino Technology and sign the contract for Mu Ye's acquisition of Douban. You'll get five percent of Mu Ye's shares and 500,000 yuan, but you'll have to pay the tax."

Zhao Kang hesitated for a moment and said, "Little Mu, am I taking too much?

I'm worried that I won't be able to keep up with you in the future. "

Li Mu said, "You can keep up. If you really can't, I'll drag you along. Don't worry, this matter can't be delayed. I'll get someone to come up with the contract template and let you know when it's ready."

Zhao Kang didn't say anything more and nodded. "Okay."

…

Wu Shuai was expelled from the National People's Congress.

Li Mu heard this news from Sun Jian after he returned to school.

The school had posted several announcements on the bulletin boards of several teaching buildings, announcing several things.

First, Classroom 505, 506, and 507 of the Faculty of Finance's audio-visual building were officially assigned to 3321 as 3321's office space.

Second, the results of the investigation and punishment of the student aid gang incident.

The school's investigation results were that four members of the student aid gang, led by Wu Shuai, used the student aid gang to amass money and colluded with profiteers outside of school to harm the interests of their classmates. The nature and impact of the incident were extremely bad, so Wu Shuai was expelled from school and the other three were given major demerits.

Due to Sun Tan's poor supervision of the student aid gang, he was also responsible for the incident and was given a major demerit.

In the end, Sun Yong couldn't help Sun Tan stay out of the matter. However, by making Wu Shuai and the others the scapegoat, at least he, the main culprit, wouldn't be expelled.

It was said that when Wu Shuai received this notice, he broke down and cried in class. He scolded the school for shielding Sun Tan like a madman. He had clearly submitted all the information about the incident to the school. Everything was planned by Sun Tan behind the scenes. He found the channels, did the planning, and earned most of the money. It was obvious that he was the main culprit, but the one who was expelled was him.

Wu Shuai made a scene in class for the whole afternoon. In the end, he was forcibly taken out of the teaching building by the security guard.

The security guard warned Wu Shuai that if he didn't make a scene, the school would give him until Friday afternoon to slowly pack his things and leave the school. Otherwise, he would be ordered to leave the dormitory today.

Wu Shuai was completely disheartened. He returned to the dormitory alone, plunged into the quilt, and wailed bitterly. He knew that he had been sold by Sun Tan and had become his scapegoat. Although he hated Sun Tan to the bone, he did not know how to solve his biggest problem at present.

His parents had always been proud of him. When he was in high school, they would praise him for his good grades. After the National College Entrance Examination, they would praise him for getting into the National People's Congress. After he entered the student aid gang, his parents would praise him for his ability and ability to earn money in school. But now, he was about to be expelled before he even finished the first semester of his junior year. He didn't know how to face his parents when he went back.

Dropping out of college had also caused a devastating blow to his future plans. All the beautiful visions in the past had turned into bubbles. If he didn't go home now, he didn't know what a person with a high school education could do in Beijing. But if he went home now, he wouldn't have the face to stay at home or find a job at home. It was too embarrassing.

The more it was like this, the more Wu Shuai hated Sun Tan.

He called Sun Tan, but Sun Tan didn't pick up. He sent a message to Sun Tan, calling him a despicable person and threatening that Sun Tan wouldn't let him off.

Sun Tan still didn't reply.

Wu Shuai was furious. He left a message to Sun Tan, scolding his mother for cheating, scolding his father for being impotent, and scolding him for being the product of inbreeding between his mother and his uncle. Finally, Sun Tan was angered.

Sun Tan replied with a message, "Get out of Beijing now, or I'll let you leave in a box!"

Lying in a box, to put it bluntly, put in an urn?

Wu Shuai didn't expect Sun Tan to hit him when he was down. He had taken the blame for him, but not only did Sun Tan not feel the slightest bit guilty, he even threatened to kill him!

Do you really think you're so powerful in Beijing?

You can't even deal with Li Mu, what's there to be proud of?!

Then, an idea flashed in Wu Shuai's mind. Li Mu!

That's right!

Li Mu was so powerful now that even Sun Tan couldn't do anything to him. If he went to look for him and revealed the secret that Sun Tan had been trying to deal with him, with Li Mu's personality, he would definitely fight with Sun Tan to the death after knowing this, right?