Chapter 1341

In the afternoon, Papa Lee and Li Ma, who had arrived in Yanjing, were busy in the villa.

When the two of them came, they had brought a whole car full of daily necessities and ingredients. Not only was the trunk full, even the back seat was full.

Li Mu had also arranged for Taobao's employees to send a large number of daily necessities to his family. Therefore, as soon as the family of three reunited, the three of them began to work together to pack up the house and all kinds of daily necessities.

Li Mu deliberately added a huge refrigerator with two doors in the living room. Together with the refrigerator in the kitchen, he could barely store some of the ingredients that needed to be refrigerated and frozen. Li Ma even told him to order another refrigerator like this to be placed in the dining room. This way, he could store some milk, juice, fruits, and ready-to-eat food.

After hearing this, Li Mu was so shocked that he could not close his mouth. There were three big refrigerators in the house. Wasn't it a little too much storage?

However, Li Ma had her own views on this. She felt that it was a good thing to have excess storage at this time. With more storage, the storage would naturally increase, and they could use it to stock up a large number of ingredients. It would be best if the family of three could stay at home for a month if the epidemic became serious and they would not starve.

Li Mu said, "Mom, you're a little too extreme. The country's control of the epidemic has been very timely and effective. The epidemic will not be as serious as you're worried about."

However, Li Ma did not agree with Li Mu's words. She said to Li Mu very seriously, "Our ancestors taught us four words: preparedness averts peril. It's always better to prepare in advance than to scratch our heads at the last minute. No one can predict the outcome of an epidemic, so it's better to be cautious."

Papa Lee, who was standing at the side, echoed, "Son, your mom is right. I think it's a waste to leave the turf in your villa's courtyard empty. Why don't I open up a few rows of land to plant some fruits and vegetables?

Then we won't have to go out and buy fresh vegetables … "

Li Mu said with a headache, "Dad, by the time the vegetables you grow grow, the epidemic will have passed!"

"Your mother is right. It's better to be prepared. You should never be so optimistic in the face of danger!"

Papa Lee's expression was extremely serious. After he finished speaking, he didn't wait for Li Mu's reply and continued, "Your mother and I brought ten pounds of garlic. When we left home this morning, we purposely made a trip to the vegetable wholesale market to buy it. Later, the two of us will peel two pounds of garlic and plant it in the soil. In a week or so, garlic sprouts will sprout. When they sprout, we can cut them off and eat them.

"Oh my god …" Li Mu exclaimed, "Are you really going to grow vegetables in the yard?"

"Yeah!"

Papa Lee said, "I asked your uncle to buy some vegetable seeds from the seed station. I'll plant them tomorrow or the day after I clear the land!"

After that, Papa Lee sighed. "If only you had time. Let's make some shelves together. In the future, we can plant cucumbers, eggplants, tomatoes, and so on."

Li Mu rubbed his temples and said, "If you think it's good, just plant them. I'll get off work early these two days to help you."

Papa Lee thought that Li Mu had approved of his idea, so he nodded and said, "I've watched quite a few Hollywood movies recently. Many of them are related to the end of the world. From them, I realized something. If the end of the world really comes, whether it's an alien invasion, an infectious disease outbreak, or an outbreak of war, resources will always be the most important."

As soon as he finished speaking, Papa Lee thought of something and said, "Oh right, I heard that there are Americans who are afraid of nuclear war. They dug tens of meters deep and built shelters. Not only can they defend against nuclear bombs, but they also have a full set of power supply, water circulation, and air circulation systems. They're also stocked with all kinds of resources. It's said that if there's a nuclear war, they can live inside for several years without leaving the house. You should learn this sense of crisis …"

Nanny Li also chimed in, "I think what your dad said is really worth learning from. Go abroad and buy a small island or something, spend some money to clean it up, and if the world encounters any major changes in the future, at least you'll have a way out …"

Li Mu was completely speechless. After a while, he asked in a muffled voice, "I say, how did the two of you evolve this way of thinking?

You didn't use to be so surprised!

When I was young, I remember when there were rumors of American zombies everywhere. Adults and children were scared out of their wits. Mom, you didn't believe it at all and always said that others were stupid. What's going on now … "

Li Ma said with a serious face, "How can it be the same now?

In the past, our entire family's assets added up didn't even add up to tens of thousands of yuan. Now, your net worth is so many zeros that I can't even count them. When you were poor, you didn't pay attention to it. But now, you can't ignore it. Do you know how much money you earn now is secondary? The main thing is that you have to cherish your life. If you have that awareness, how many years can Mom and Dad accompany you?

In the future, you have to prepare a way out for yourself … "

Li Mu hurriedly changed the topic, "Well, mom, why don't I buy two more refrigerators, or find a house and convert it into a cold storage. Then, I'll go to Xinfadi and buy a truck of vegetables wholesale. We'll prepare the amount for a year. In the next year, you and dad don't leave Yan Jing. You can spend more time with me. The three of us can spend more time together."

Li Ma waved her hand and said, "If the epidemic doesn't end, let alone one year, even if it's ten years, your dad and I will stay here with you. But if the epidemic is over, we still have to go back. First, we can't cause you trouble and affect your career. Second, your dad and I still have a career to do in our hometown. It'll be a pity to lose it."

Seeing that the topic was brought back to a normal level, Li Mu nodded slightly and secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Li Ma said, "You two continue to clean up. I'll go to the kitchen to cook. Tonight, I'll make my son's favorite sweet and sour pork ribs."

Li Ma went to the kitchen. Li Mu and his dad were putting away the things. At this time, Xie Yun called Li Mu.

"Hello, Auntie Xie, where are you?"

Xie Yun said with a smile, "I'm still in Qilu province. It's more than three hours' drive from Yan Jing. Have your parents arrived in Yan Jing?"

"Yes," Li Mu said, "They set off early. They arrived around four o 'clock in the afternoon."

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "It's good that they arrived safely. Auntie is just calling to ask, so I can rest assured."

"Thank you for your concern."

"Don't mention it."

Xie Yun smiled and said, "By the way, Li Mu, tell your parents that it might be too late when I arrive in Yan Jing. I won't be visiting them today. Tomorrow, I'll cook at home. You can come over with your parents. What do you think?"

Li Mu hadn't told his parents about Zhao Ziqiu. In fact, his parents didn't know his relationship with them. When Xie Yun mentioned that she invited him and his parents over for dinner, he didn't know how to explain it to his parents.

However, it seemed unrealistic not to meet them. After all, Zhao Ziqiu's mother knew about his relationship with her. Moreover, they lived so close to each other. It was reasonable for him to visit her. Therefore, it was unavoidable for his parents to come in contact with Zhao Ziqiu's mother.

Should he just say that Zhao Ziqiu was his girlfriend?

Li Mu was willing to admit it, but this was a contact between the parents of both parties. If he made their relationship public in front of his parents, how would Su Yingxue explain it to his parents in the future …

Li Mu suddenly felt a little melancholic.

He could only blame himself for not being persistent enough. If he had chosen Su Yingxue and rejected all other temptations, he wouldn't have fallen into such a dilemma.

However, when he thought of Zhao Ziqiu again, how could he reject such a girl?

Therefore, he gradually became the bastard who wanted both fish and bear paw …

While he was feeling melancholic, Xie Yun seemed to have guessed Li Mu's thoughts. However, she was also very clear that Li Mu didn't know that he already knew about Su Yingxue's existence. Therefore, she said in a very relaxed tone, "Don't feel any psychological pressure. You and Ziqiu are indeed not at the age where your parents can be honest with each other. So, just tell your parents that Ziqiu is your classmate and I'm your classmate's mother. Since we live close to each other, we can visit each other."

Li Mu was instantly grateful. Although escaping was not the final solution, at least he could get through the current situation …

Therefore, Li Mu agreed with Xie Yun and told his parents that a friend's mother would also come to Yan Jing to accompany her child. Moreover, they all lived in Ziyun Villa, which was a few minutes' walk away. She wanted to invite the family of three to dinner tomorrow to get to know each other and visit each other.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were very surprised and happy. They didn't expect that they could meet a parent who took the initiative to come to Yan Jing for their child like them. Moreover, they all lived in the same community. This was great. They could also make a friend with the same character and temperament. In the future, they would definitely not go out of Ziyun Villa as much as possible. Therefore, with one more friend, there would be one more person they could visit in their life, and it wouldn't be so boring. Therefore, this matter was excellent for them.

However, Li Ma felt that they came to Yan Jing later than her, and they didn't come as early as she did. Therefore, they had prepared everything in advance. Therefore, in this case, she really felt sorry to let them take the trouble to prepare dinner. It was better to prepare dinner tomorrow and invite them to eat at home.

Papa Lee also thought so. He felt that Li Ma's idea was more reasonable.

However, Li Mu said, "They invited us first, so we definitely have to invite them; we invited them first, so they definitely have to invite us again. So, don't worry too much about this. We can invite them back in two days."

…

Papa Lee and Li Ma came to Yan Jing and gave Li Mu great encouragement and support. Xie Yun, who arrived in Yan Jing a few hours later than Papa Lee and Li Ma, also gave Zhao Ziqiu a full sense of security. She was not afraid of SARS, which others were afraid of. She was afraid of leaving Yan Jing and not having a chance to see Li Mu for a few months.

Infatuated women would always burst out of great courage because of their feelings. Zhao Ziqiu was like this.

Xie Yun was indeed a mother who doted on her daughter very much. After more than ten hours of travel, the first thing she did when she arrived in Yan Jing was to pick up Zhao Ziqiu at Yan Jing University.

Since Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu's Villa in Ziyun Villa were broken by her parents, the villa key in Zhao Ziqiu's hand became invalid. She couldn't wait in the villa, so she could only wait for her mother at school.

The moment Zhao Ziqiu got in the car, Xie Yun held her in her arms and stroked the back of her head for a long time without saying anything. After a long time, she sighed helplessly, "Silly girl, you are so silly. How did you get into Yan Jing University?"

Zhao Ziqiu blinked at her mother and said playfully, "I didn't know Li Mu before I got into the university …"

Xie Yun looked at Zhao Ziqiu and was extremely speechless.

She said that she was silly because she implied that she was too persistent and infatuated with Li Mu. She didn't say it clearly, but she knew that her daughter should understand. However, she didn't expect that this girl would directly poke through the window paper and say what was in her heart so casually and naturally.

Xie Yun could only sigh with emotion. She asked the driver to drive to Ziyun Villa while worrying in her heart. She was so infatuated with Li Mu. What should she do if they couldn't be together in the future?

Now the child was still in school, but three years later, five years later, he would have to face this problem. At that time, could Li Mu break up with Su Yingxue?

If he broke up with her, could he be with her daughter legally?

After they were together, could they be together?

Xie Yun was also very uncertain in her heart.

The current Li Mu was much stronger than when she first knew Li Mu. Moreover, he had a huge energy and potential like nuclear fusion. This kind of energy was far from what she could help her daughter control. In the future, if her daughter and Li Mu couldn't be together, what would this silly girl do?

Would she be able to accept that reality then?

The more she thought about it, the more insecure Xie Yun felt for her daughter.

However, when she thought about Li Mu's parents who had already arrived in Yan Jing, Xie Yun suddenly had a glimmer of hope that could be grasped.

Therefore, Xie Yun touched Zhao Ziqiu's face and said dotingly, "Mom has made an appointment with Li Mu to treat him and his parents to dinner at our house tomorrow night. You have to perform well."

"Huh?"

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly panicked. She hurriedly said, "How can I meet Li Mu's parents? I'm with him now …"

Xie Yun hurriedly interrupted her and said, "Don't talk nonsense."

There was a driver and an assistant in the car. Although they were very trustworthy people, Xie Yun still didn't want them to know about the things behind her daughter's relationship with Li Mu.

After saying this, Xie Yun then said to Zhao Ziqiu, "You and Li Mu are still young, especially since you have to focus on your studies now. So, what I mean is that you shouldn't tell Li Mu's parents about the relationship between you two. Otherwise, if his parents and I find out, the meaning behind our dinner tomorrow night will be too heavy. In order to let you two relax and not worry, I told Li Mu to tell his parents that you two are good friends."

Only then did Zhao Ziqiu let out a sigh of relief. In this way, she wouldn't feel so uncomfortable in her heart.

However, Xie Yun still reminded her, "Although you're telling his parents as friends, you still have to be more careful. For boys, especially those who are filial, parents' opinions and preferences have a great impact on them. So, you have to try your best to behave well, understand?"