Chapter 953

Seeing that the ambulance was getting closer and closer, and finally stopping in front of everyone, everyone couldn't help but walk to the back of the car. They couldn't wait to see Wei Lan, who had been kidnapped for 24 hours.

No one present had experienced the kind of situation that Wei Lan had experienced, so they were particularly concerned about Wei Lan.

The rear door of the ambulance opened, and Wei Lan saw Li Mu, Song Liang, Chen Ze, Dufy, and others standing under the car. Tears burst out of her eyes again.

Generally speaking, Wei Lan was an absolutely strong woman, but after experiencing such a thrilling 24 hours, she had completely become a woman made of water, and her tears were exceptionally low.

As soon as she saw Wei Lan cry, Dufy, who was also a woman, couldn't help but cry. Dufy wasn't as strong as Wei Lan. As Wei Lan's friend and colleague, she didn't know how many times she had cried today.

Wei Lan's eyes swept across the crowd, and finally stopped on Li Mu's face. She knew that it was all because of Li Mu that she could be rescued unscathed.

If Li Mu hadn't realized that he had to give her a chance to talk more when they first talked on the phone, she wouldn't have dared to say a word under the threat of Xie Chenglong, let alone pass the most critical information without the other party knowing.

Li Mu looked at Wei Lan's red eyes and pale face, and he couldn't help but feel distressed. Although Wei Lan was a few years older than him, her actual age was the closest to his actual age, so he could understand everything that Wei Lan had experienced for such a long time. Life had given this young woman too much training. It was like a movie script, but it was far more thrilling than a movie script.

Li Mu was glad that he finally succeeded in rescuing Wei Lan. Otherwise, if something had happened to Wei Lan, he really wouldn't be able to forgive himself. Now, Wei Lan was safe and sound, and she was still so beautiful. It was just that she temporarily lost her usual strong woman's attitude, and now she had a more delicate feeling.

At the same time, Li Mu also realized that his responsibilities in the future would be even greater. Not only to himself, but also to his family, friends and business partners, and even to the entire society.

Wei Lan got out of the ambulance with the help of a young nurse. Standing on the ground, Wei Lan first came to Li Mu. She looked at him with red eyes and hugged him, sobbing, "Thank you …"

Li Mu nodded and comforted, "You should thank yourself. If you hadn't passed the key information to me, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to do anything."

Wei Lan gently shook her head and stubbornly said, "Thank you …"

Li Mu helplessly smiled and said, "Alright, you're welcome."

Then, Wei Lan gently hugged Song Liang and Chen Ze to thank them. It was also a hug with a male friend, but Wei Lan's hug with Li Mu was completely different from Song Liang's and Chen Ze's. Then, she hugged Dufy, and the two of them cried and comforted each other.

Gu Jianghe let out a long breath and said to Li Mu, "Let's leave the rest to the SWAT team. Let's go back to the city first. If Miss Wei needs to rest, we'll send her home first. Tomorrow or the day after, we'll make time to go to the city bureau to make a statement. If it's not convenient, I can send a few female officers to do it."

Li Mu nodded, "Then I'll trouble you to send a few female officers."

Gu Jianghe slightly nodded, "Alright, I'll make arrangements when Miss Wei is done resting."

At this moment, Dufy said, "Let's go back. I'll go to Wei Lan's house to accompany her for the next two days."

Wei Lan didn't have any relatives in Beijing, and Dufy was her only female friend. At this time, the only one who could accompany Wei Lan for 24 hours was Dufy.

Li Mu and the others thought about it. There really wasn't a better solution right now, so Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "Let Dufy accompany you for the next few days. When your heart and body are more or less recovered, give yourself a long vacation and go to America to accompany your parents."

Wei Lan wiped her tears and forced a smile, saying, "There's no need to go through so much trouble. I'll just go back and rest for two days. As for America, I won't go for the time being. Work is more important."

Li Mu didn't continue to persuade her. He only said, "Let Dufy accompany you for today. Let's talk about the rest later."

Wei Lan lightly nodded and looked at Dufy. "Then I'll have to trouble you today."

Dufy hurriedly grabbed her arm and said with a smile, "What trouble? I don't have to go to work for the next two days!"

…

Wei Lan returned home accompanied by Dufy. Li Mu and the others sent them to Wei Lan's house. Then, Song Liang and Chen Ze, who had been nervous for a day and night, also went home. Li Mu saw that there was only half an hour left before midnight, so he returned to Taobao alone.

The Taobao 929 promotion had already entered the final countdown.

In the past 23 and a half hours, the sales of Taobao's promotion had exceeded the 8 billion mark, and a total of 8.15 billion had been traded!

When Li Mu arrived at Taobao, it was already 23: 40. The sales had just broken the 8.2 billion mark, and it was one step closer to the 100 million mark.

Seeing Li Mu arrive, Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo hurriedly asked about Wei Lan's situation. After learning that Wei Lan had been successfully rescued, the two of them heaved a sigh of relief. Lei Jianguo said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I have great news to report to you. Our current sales have exceeded 8.2 billion!"

Li Mu didn't know the specific situation of the sales. When he heard this number, he was completely shocked.

8.2 billion?!

Originally, they only wanted to hit the 5 billion mark. Who would have thought that they would sell 8.2 billion in one go?!

The dumbfounded Li Mu couldn't help but confirm with the two of them, "It really is 8.2 billion?"

"That's right!"

Liu Shixiong also nodded and said, "From 7 PM onwards, the customers' enthusiasm for placing orders increased, and the number of orders skyrocketed. We have already kindly reminded the new customers that the delivery time may be relatively long, but it still didn't stop the customers from placing orders …"

Lei Jianguo also sighed and said, "That's right. We didn't expect to have such high sales at all. The company's distribution couldn't meet the demand at all, so a considerable number of orders had to be handled by the major companies themselves. The national express delivery industry will definitely be paralyzed for a few days."

Liu Shixiong said, "Fortunately, Boss Ma's express delivery companies didn't dare to act rashly this time. The General Post Office has already issued a strict order. If there are any cases of unjustifiable refusal to accept orders again, all their licenses will be suspended."

Li Mu sighed and said, "More than 8 billion worth of daily necessities, even if Boss Ma's logistics companies were mobilized, it would be very difficult to digest them in a short period of time. It looks like the national express delivery industry is going to go crazy this time."

Li Mu then asked Liu Shixiong, "Oh right, how useful will our Taobao Express be this time?"

Liu Shixiong quickly said, "Our Taobao Express already has a good foundation. This is a good opportunity to train our troops.

From the looks of it, due to the delivery of the previously purchased vehicles in batches, our main transportation capacity is not to be underestimated. In addition, we have poached many middle-level backbones from other express delivery companies. We have quietly poached most of their original grassroots personnel. Previously, we had been very low-key, and these grassroots personnel were also waiting for orders at any time. This time, I am prepared to have all of them withdraw from their original companies and transform into our Taobao Express employees. "

Li Mu sighed and said, "According to what you're saying, this time, we can open up the entire chain from the trunk transportation to the network delivery?"

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "Yes. Although it is not perfect, it can play a certain role. I mainly want to use it to train our troops."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We have poached so many people from Boss Ma's logistics companies in one go. When Boss Ma receives the news tomorrow morning, he will probably go crazy with anger …"

The management of employees in the logistics industry was extremely complicated. Except for a powerful person like Wang Wei, very few people could recruit tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of employees from top to bottom. Most of the logistics companies' management at the lowest level was extremely loose. Not only was there a high turnover of personnel, but the personnel structure was also extremely complicated. The company lacked control. If they suddenly changed sides, it would definitely catch the company off guard.

When Liu Shixiong first started to prepare for Taobao Logistics, he had first poached the middle-level managers of major logistics companies. Then, through them, he used better conditions to attract a considerable number of low-level employees. Once the time was ripe, these people would transform into employees of Taobao Logistics.

Liu Shixiong said confidently, "Boss Ma's recent energy must have been invested in Le Tao. If he knew that we had secretly poached half of the middle-level and below managers of the logistics companies that he had spent a lot of money to poach, he would definitely explode with anger."

Speaking up to this point, Liu Shixiong said with some regret, "If our own logistics management system is developed and put into use at this time, and Germany's Berman sorting system can also be put into use, then it couldn't be better. We can take this opportunity to train our troops."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "The logistics management system is basically completed. It is in the final hardware and software monitoring, and it should be put into use in October. I'm afraid the Berman sorting system will only be put into use at the end of the year or the beginning of next year. It definitely won't be used this time. But it doesn't matter. A good meal is not late. These two are sharp tools to improve the efficiency of logistics in the long run. The benefits are in the future, not in this promotion. In the future, we will have such opportunities to train our own logistics system."

Liu Shixiong said, "I've discussed with Mr. Lei. It's best for us to persevere in this kind of big promotion in the future!"

Li Mu said, "Let's set September 29th as Taobao's online shopping carnival. In the future, we will have a big promotion every year on September 29th. Moreover, the scale and influence of the promotion in the future should be bigger and bigger. We will make it a unique culture of Hua Xia e-commerce, just like Black Friday in Western countries."

Lei Jianguo said with a smile, "That's our idea. We will have a comprehensive big promotion once a year, and then we will match it with various other types of promotion activities to maintain the exposure of Taobao in front of domestic consumers."