Chapter 1476

Among the private enterprises in Yan Jing, only Li Mu could come up with such a plan. Otherwise, if it was anyone else who proposed to invest tens of billions of yuan to set up a film and television base in Yan Jing, the people in the city would definitely think that he was crazy.

Either they were crazy, or they were stupid.

However, if this project was managed by Li Mu, the nature would be completely different. Based on Li Mu's past experience in managing projects, he had never failed in any of them. Even America's Apple became a subsidiary of Li Mu at a low price. This showed how reliable Li Mu was.

In addition, Beijing was actively preparing for the Olympics. The first major change that the Olympics would bring to Beijing was the transformation of the industrial structure. Before the Olympics, almost all of Beijing's heavy industrial projects would be moved out of Beijing. At the same time, all heavy polluting projects would be stopped. Under the influence of this environment, Beijing needed to accelerate the development of new industries and environmental protection industries. The film base was a tertiary industry. Other than needing to use a large area of land, it didn't cause any harm to the environment. It was an absolute environmental protection model project and was very suitable for the current stage.

After the project plan of the film and television base was preliminarily approved by the municipal leaders, Li Mu began to promote the meeting and discussion of the three places. The three places not only invited the leaders of the three places together, but also invited the well-known local enterprises of the three places, especially those related to tourism and real estate, to participate.

The next step of the project was divided into two steps. The first step was to confirm the cooperation intentions of the three cities and come up with a cooperation plan. The second step was to confirm the partners on the capital level.

The entire film base had four phases. It was estimated that it would take at least eight years to build in stages. The investment would be more than 20 billion.

In the later stages of Hengdian Studios' development, the total investment was less than 20 billion. The reason why Li Mu estimated the investment for Wanying Film Base to be more than 20 billion was because he hoped that Wanying Film Base would not only be bigger than Hengdian Studios, but it would also be more complete than Hengdian Studios. At that time, Wanying Film Base would not only have a film school, but also a large film industrial park. At that time, film companies from all over the world would be given subsidies and discounts to attract them to move in. This would further increase the concentration of the industry in Wanying Film Base.

For Li Mu, his task was to personally persuade the leaders of the city to be interested in the project of the film and television base. Wei Lan was completely competent for the rest of the work.

After that, Wei Lan officially became the person in charge of the Wanying Film and Television project. She also sent the project proposal to the governments of the three regions through a public channel. The concept of "Wanying Film and Television" began its first stage of incubation.

…

Li Mu and Xiangnan Satellite TV have already determined the time to participate in the recording of the "Life Longing for" program. Because they caught up with the stage of concentrated recording of the program, the day before Li Mu's recording happened to be the time for Chen Wan to participate in the recording. According to the order of recording the program, Chen Wan arrived at the scene the morning before Li Mu to start recording, and then Li Mu went over the next morning, and then Li Mu and Chen Wan will complete a few hours of recording together, and then Chen Wan will leave the recording site.

Chen Wan arrived in Yanjing three days in advance, and Li Mu personally drove to the airport to pick her up and take her back to Ziyun Villa.

On the way, Chen Wan and Li Mu talked about their recent work and the recent situation of Xiangnan Satellite TV. Xiangnan Satellite TV's main energy in the entertainment direction has been focused on "Life Longing for". The program preview has been broadcast on Xiangnan Satellite TV for a week, and "Happy Camp" is also warming up for the program, making this pastoral reality show eagerly anticipated by the audience all over the country. A few days ago, the program team released some advance footage of the program shooting, and those selected interesting clips made the audience even more impatient.

Due to the high expectations of the audience, the "Life Longing for" program team has made a change in the shooting strategy. Now the three permanent guests have arranged the time to shoot six episodes in one go in Miyun, so that they can be broadcast first next month. Based on the rhythm of one episode per week, six episodes are enough to cover most of the summer vacation cycle.

Since each episode and each guest only stays in the mushroom house for one night, the total shooting time of the six episodes is about ten days at most.

During the summer vacation, "Life Longing for" will be filmed, and in the autumn, the second season of "Super Girl" will be filmed. During the winter vacation, the second season of "Super Girl" will be filmed in the national auditions. In addition to "Happy Camp", the other two entertainment programs of Xiangnan Satellite TV all use the program copyright of Makino Image. If "Life Longing for" can become a hit, then Makino Image's reputation in variety program planning will be established. Li Mu's next four trump card programs are waiting to be gradually released, namely "The Voice", "I Am a Singer", "Where Are We Going, Dad", and the reality show overlord "Running Man".

However, Li Mu is not ready to start these four programs immediately for the time being. These programs are prepared for the future development of Makino Image on the TV side. These four programs can be cooperated with any satellite TV station, provided that Makino Image occupies a large and dominant position. These programs can even be completely produced and filmed by Makino Image itself, and then, like TV series, find a TV station to cooperate with for broadcasting. Only in this way can the interests of Makino Image be maximized.

Li Mu and Chen Wan are usually busy with their own work, and they are not in the same city, so they don't have many opportunities to meet, and it's even less after SARS.

Although they talked about work along the way, when they arrived at Ziyun Villa, Chen Wan changed her usual gentle and virtuous appearance as soon as she entered the door. Like a little wild cat, she crazily clung to Li Mu. She clung to him for half the night.

When both of them are exhausted, she obediently curled up in Li Mu's arms and said to Li Mu weakly, "My parents are in Yan Jing now, but they don't know that I'm coming today. I didn't tell them either, so I won't go anywhere for the next two days. I'll report directly to the office the day before the program starts."

Li Mu asked, "Uncle and Auntie are in Yan Jing?"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "My dad and uncle have been working with Wanying Real Estate. Previously, my dad often came over, and it would last more than a week. Later, when the project in Jinling started to finish, he focused most of his energy on the real estate in Yan Jing. My mom was bored in Jinling alone, so she moved to Yan Jing with my aunt."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Where do they live now?"

Chen Wan said, "Yan Jing's housing prices have risen so quickly, so the two of them bought two small, well-furnished houses outside the East Fourth Loop. This way, it's closer to the construction site, and it's more convenient for them to live there."

As she spoke, Chen Wan said, "I didn't tell them that I'm coming to Yan Jing now. I'm planning to go there after the program is finished, and I'll stay with them for a few days."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll go visit them at that time."

Chen Wan smiled happily and said, "Okay, my dad will definitely be very happy. He says that you're his boss every day."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not really a boss, I'm just a business partner. After the East Third Loop projects are finished, I'll find some other projects in Yan Jing to work with uncle on. In the future, he won't have to consider returning to Jinling to develop."

Chen Wan raised her head and looked at Li Mu. She gave him a light peck on the tip of his lips and said seriously, "I know that you're helping my dad because of me. Although I'm all yours now, and there's no need for me to be polite to you, don't let him drag you down …"

Li Mu nodded. "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Chen Wan smiled sweetly, bit her lips, and asked Li Mu in a low voice, "I sweated a lot just now. Do you want to take a bath with me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You've already said it, how could I dare to refuse."

"At least you know what's good for you." Chen Wan blinked and said, "Lie down for a while, I'll go fill the bathtub with water. I'll call you when it's done."

As soon as Chen Wan stepped into the bathroom, Li Mu's phone rang. The call was from Fang Xudong in the US. He said to Li Mu as soon as he picked up the phone, "Li Zong, the Muye search engine's closed beta is ready to go online. Do you want to test it yourself?"

Li Mu asked him, "Is it the version that uses the full set of Baidu's technology?"

"Yes."

Fang Xudong said, "We've made some adjustments to the UI and product design. The user experience is better than Baidu, but we haven't made any technical changes."

Li Mu grunted and said, "I won't look at it. I believe you can definitely handle such a small matter. Go online first."

"Okay, Li Zong. I'll send the invitation code to your email later. If you have time, you can go online and experience it."

"Okay."

…

Silicon Valley.

It was 11 o 'clock in the morning in the US.

After Fang Xudong checked the process of Muye search's launch, he officially ordered Muye search's closed beta to be officially launched.

Muye search's main domain name was. In addition, Muye & Company spent 300,000 US dollars to buy a domain name. At the same time, they parsed the domain name to Muye search's server. Muye search had two domain names. No matter which one it was, it was shorter, easier to remember, and easier to type than Google.

Because it was a closed beta, when users visited these two domain names, they first opened an announcement page. The page was written in English: Muye search is currently in the closed beta stage. You need to use an invitation code to activate the closed beta. Because the activation code is limited, if you don't have the activation code, please wait patiently for the open beta. Our Muye search official version will be available to you soon.

Below the announcement, there was an eye-catching input box and a "Login" sign. Users with the activation code could enter the activation code here to bind their computer's IP and enter the closed beta page.

The news of Muye search's closed beta launch was not announced to the user level. Muye & Company only did a small promotion in the industry. This was the basic routine for most closed beta products.

The invitation code was sent by Makino Technology's PR staff. Companies that had good relationships with Muye & Company would receive an invitation code to experience Muye & Company's first product. Almost every well-known company in Silicon Valley received an invitation code, except for Google.

Larry Page and a group of Google executives had long known that Muye search engine would start its closed beta today. This made them very nervous. Although this search engine was released by Muye & Company, since Makino Technology owned 90% of the shares, it was undoubtedly a part of Makino Technology.

Makino Technology's users and traffic were unparalleled. The engine itself was well made, and the technical strength was also quite good. So, the people at Google basically did not need to look at Muye's closed beta to know that it would not be bad. If the closed beta ended, it was likely that Makino Technology would invest a lot of resources to promote this search engine in the next stage. At that time, there might be a fixed Muye search box on every page of YY. Maybe the new version of YY software would also have a fixed Muye search box on the main interface. This search box might even be placed in every dialog box. Users could even select a random piece of content in YY and right-click directly on the Muye search engine …

If Makino Technology really opened up all these channels, Google's users would be cut off from all aspects of YY. If that happened, Google's search would usher in the end.

At 11: 05 in the morning, Larry Page received a call from a friend. The other party told him, "Larry, Muye's closed beta is online. Do you have an invitation code?"

Larry Page said awkwardly, "I don't have an invitation code. I'm looking at their interface and don't know what to do."

The other party immediately said, "I have one here that I can give you."

"That's great!" Larry Page hurriedly said, "Finch, you've really helped me a lot."

The other party smiled and said, "Don't be so polite with me. Just remember the invitation code: F, asterisk, asterisk, K, G, O, 581, 9th."

Larry Page wrote it on a piece of paper and repeated, "F, asterisk, asterisk, K, G, O, 581, 9th."

"That's right."

"Okay, thanks Finch. Let's eat together another day."

After hanging up the phone, Larry Page immediately prepared to enter the invitation code on the computer. The other executives were waiting behind him.

At this time, Larry Page looked down at the invitation code he wrote on the paper and frowned.

A series of characters were written on the paper: F * * KGO5819.

Wait a minute. Something seemed wrong.

At this time, one of the executives behind him exclaimed, "Sh * t, does the first six characters of this invitation code mean F * ck-Google?"

His words woke everyone up from their dreams.

A shareholder said with a livid face, "It must be!

Damn Makino Technology!

They've really gone too far!

Even the activation code has changed to attack us! "

Another shareholder said, "We'll send them a lawyer's letter!

At the same time, send this to all the media in Silicon Valley. Let them see what Makino Technology is up to! "

"That's right!"

"That's right!"

"Let's do that!"

The scene was already filled with indignation.

Larry Page stood up at this time and said, "Everyone, what's the point of saying all this?

One F, two models, one K, one G, one O, and that's F * ck-Google?

Will Gao Shansheng think that the meaning behind this is F * ck-Goldman? "

Everyone looked at each other.