Chapter 710

Song Liang had already guessed that Li Mu would ask him this question. He said almost without thinking, "I estimate that they have at least two to three billion bank loan holes to fill. If they want to solve the problem, they have to pay off the loans first. Otherwise, the bank will directly apply to the court, and all the assets will belong to the bank."

Li Mu nodded. "What about after the loan is paid off?"

Song Liang said, "After the loan is paid off, the bank will have nothing to do. The only thing left is to wait for the court to lift the blockade. This time may be long or short, and once these funds are invested, they can't be moved. They can only wait for the court to pronounce a judgment. If there is an appeal, it will be even more difficult to guarantee the cycle. The most terrible thing is that the two or three billion will be spent on the loan. They can either use cash or other property as collateral. If three billion is invested for three years, the direct and indirect costs will be too high."

After listening, Li Mu sighed, "It's so difficult …"

Song Liang shrugged and said, "This is still a normal situation. If there is the ability to get through the local government and the public security, there may be room for this matter. Bribery can also be big or small. If it's a big deal, it's a big deal to seize the property involved and pursue criminal liability. If it's a small deal, it's a fine. But this matter is obviously driven by the Lanke Group, so it must be severely punished. And in terms of local relations, who can compare with the Lanke Group?"

"That's true."

Song Liang sighed and said, "The real estate industry is like this. Making money is making money, but it has always been a high-voltage line. Once the line is touched, the wall will be pushed by everyone."

Song Liang said, "If you want to save her, I have no problem, but I'm afraid we don't have enough funds."

Li Mu didn't know if Song Liang was sincere, but he immediately made his attitude clear. "We have discussed how to use the money. The Sanlitun project must be moved this year. Even if I want to help her, I can't use Wanying's money."

As he spoke, Li Mu smiled and added, "Even if I find a way to help her, it will not be voluntary. I will use her as an investment."

Song Liang said curiously, "It's okay to help or invest. If you don't use Wanying's money, why do you have so much money?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I need money everywhere, and I'm still waiting for the one billion from Wanying on Monday. Where would I find the extra money to spend on this?"

Song Mingliang nodded. "Anyway, don't be too impulsive."

Seeing that Li Mu didn't really want to save Wei Lan, Song Liang was a little relieved. For him, he didn't want Li Mu to get involved in this mess. The cost of saving a damsel in distress was too high. It wasn't worth it.

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "If I can find a way to overcome a thousand catties with little effort, then I'll naturally help. If I can't, then forget it. I'm not some savior."

Song Liang smiled faintly and sighed softly, "The nature of this matter itself, the amount of capital, and the relationships behind it are all very important. I'm afraid it will be very difficult to overcome the situation with little effort."

Li Mu nodded in agreement. "Yes, it's too difficult."

…

For some reason, after seeing Wei Lan, Li Mu lost interest in the summit. There were too many people at the summit, and he didn't have the chance to interact with Wei Lan. Staying here was a waste of time.

The speech on stage had just begun when Li Mu sent Li Ziwei a text asking where she was. Li Ziwei said that she had just come out of the Forbidden City and had a meal with her parents. Li Ma wanted to go to the Summer Palace and said that a friend at home had told her that Kunming Lake was very beautiful.

Li Mu replied to her, "See you at the Summer Palace later."

After replying, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "I'm not going to waste time here. The higher-ups at home are going to the Summer Palace, and I'm going to wait on them. Otherwise, if I bring them over, I won't be able to accompany them. It's really inexcusable."

Song Liang nodded. "You should accompany them. Why don't you find a suitable time? I'll treat Uncle and Auntie to a meal."

Li Mu didn't stand on ceremony with him. He said directly, "There's no time like the present. How about tonight? You make the arrangements, I'll accompany them. You decide on a place and I'll bring them there."

"Okay."

Song Liang said to Chen Fang, "Chen Fang, arrange for a driver to accompany Li Zong to the company to pick up the car, and then come back."

Chen Fang nodded. "Okay."

Li Mu didn't stand on ceremony with him. Anyway, the matter here would take a long time. If he took a taxi to Wan Ying, there was no way he would be able to take it back.

Before leaving, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "If someone gives Wei Lan trouble, help her out a little."

Song Liang said, "I'm not friends with her, so there's no need for me to help her. It's more like helping you."

Li Mu said helplessly, "Okay okay okay, help me take care of her."

Song Liang smiled and sighed softly, "Alright, alright, I'm convinced by you too."

Li Mu purposely giggled. Dufy shook her head. "Men are all the same."

Song Liang hurriedly said, "You can't kill them all. I'm a very loyal person."

Dufy smiled. "I say, unmarried men, Liang Ge, you're a model husband. Some people definitely can't compare."

Li Mu rolled his eyes at Dufy. "Don't talk nonsense. Wei Lan has a very deep understanding of real estate. It's not an exaggeration to say that she's the person with the clearest grasp of the future development of real estate I've ever seen. Building a good relationship with her will be very beneficial to Wan Ying in the future."

When Li Mu met Wei Lan for the first time, Wei Lan once sat in Li Mu's car and gave him an impromptu analysis of Yan Jing's future real estate development direction. It was just a simple analysis, but she completely analyzed the future development route of Yan Jing real estate. How awesome!

Li Mu had thought that he was the only one who could see through the development of Yan Jing Real Estate. He didn't expect that Wei Lan, who lived in Shanghai and worked in Shanghai, could also see through Yan Jing Real Estate so thoroughly. If she hadn't gone through this disaster, how far would she have developed?

Li Mu recalled what Wei Lan said casually in the car. At that time, he felt that Wei Lan was simply "pointing out the country". Even now, when he thought about it, Li Mu still admired her a lot.

Li Mu wanted to help Wei Lan. Moreover, he wanted Wanying Real Estate to have the controlling stake in Juncheng Real Estate. It was not that he wanted to take advantage of Wei Lan's perilous situation to take over Juncheng Real Estate, but he hoped to tie Wei Lan and Juncheng Real Estate firmly to Wanying Real Estate. In this way, he could really rest assured about the real estate business.

If they were to compare the thinking and sensitivity of the real estate market, Song Liang, who came from a grassroots background, couldn't compare to Wei Lan at all. Chen Ze was even more useless. Although Li Mu had the vision and vision, his heart was in the internet. His internet carrier hadn't been built yet, let alone making an impact overseas or globally. Under this situation, if he wanted Wei Lan to become the future Wanda, it was definitely not enough to rely on Song Liang to charge in front and him to give advice from the back. If he could pull Wei Lan in, then it would be completely different!

In his previous life, he had never heard of Wei Lan's name. It was very likely that Wei Lan and Jun Cheng Real Estate had failed in this crisis. If he could pull such an amazing person into his camp, it would give him a kind of honeyed confidence of "I own the world".

At this moment, Dufy couldn't help but tease Li Mu, "That Wei Lan is indeed very beautiful. To a certain extent, I quite understand you."

"Understand my a * s." Li Mu curled his lips and quickly waved his hand, saying, "I'll leave first."

Then, he left with Chen Fang.

Dufy frowned and thought to herself, "A * s?

What does that mean? "

Song Liang, who was at the side, answered, "A * s."

"This damn Li Mu!"

When Dufy reacted, Li Mu had already left the main banquet hall. Chen Fang had contacted the driver in advance and waited at the entrance of the hotel in advance. As soon as Li Mu left the hotel, he got into the car and the driver immediately drove away. As soon as he left the hotel, Li Mu received a text message from Wei Lan, "Why did you leave early?"

Li Mu replied, "I have something to do. If you have any trouble, look for my colleague, Song Liang."

After a moment, Wei Lan replied with two words, "Thank you!"

Li Mu didn't reply to her. This was just a small matter within his ability. His ability was limited. If he really had to spend billions to help her, then he definitely wouldn't be able to. The only thing he could do was to give her a warm attitude when almost everyone responded coldly to her.

After getting the car, Li Mu went straight to the Summer Palace. When he arrived, Li Ziwei and his parents had also arrived. Because he was worried that his driving skills weren't good enough, Li Ziwei specially brought a driver from Makino Technology to pick up Papa Lee and Li Ma at Ziyun Villa in the morning. The driver's consideration was quite meticulous, which made Li Mu quite satisfied.

When he saw his parents, they were also full of praises for Li Ziwei. Li Ma said that Li Ziwei even gave them an explanation, explaining many of the small details of the Forbidden City clearly and logically. Li Ziwei smiled modestly and said, "Auntie, don't praise me. I was just cramming to find some information online. I don't know if I made any mistakes today."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "It doesn't matter if it's wrong. If it feels good to us, then it's a success."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Thank you, Uncle, for your encouragement. You've allowed me to discover a new potential in myself." As she said that, Li Ziwei said, "The two of you and Li Zong, wait for me for a moment. I'll go buy the tickets."

Li Ziwei ran off to buy the tickets. Li Ma asked Li Mu in a low voice, "Ziwei, this lady is your personal assistant?"

Li Mu nodded.

"She's really not bad." Li Ma said with a face full of praise, "You have to treat such a good lady well."

Li Mu looked embarrassed. "Mom, what are you talking about …"

Li Ma also realized that her words were somewhat ambiguous. She hurriedly changed her words and said, "I'm saying that you can't treat her badly in terms of salary. She's a very thoughtful lady."

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief and nodded. "Don't worry about this. Your son is famous for being generous. The average salary and benefits of Makino Technology's employees are the highest in the domestic Internet industry."

"You can only retain talents if you're willing to spend money."

Papa Lee said in agreement, "My son did the right thing. When doing business, you have to look outward. Money is earned from the outside, not from the inside. You have to have a big vision."

Li Ma pursed her lips and said, "You're educating your son?

Isn't his vision much bigger than yours? "

Papa Lee waved his hand seriously. "I'm not educating him. I'm reminding him that if he doesn't do well, he should actively correct it. If he does well, he should make persistent efforts."