Chapter 802

On Monday morning, the good news that Li Mu had been waiting for finally came out.

First, Taobao officially received a red-headed document from the Economic and Trade Commission. The document stated that after evaluation, the Economic and Trade Commission decided to position Taobao and Taobao Logistics as "Key High-Tech Demonstration Enterprises." Among them, Taobao would be given a preferential policy of tax exemption for five years. Specifically, the corporate income tax would be exempted from the first and second years, and the corporate income tax would be reduced by half from the third to the fifth years.

As for Taobao Logistics, in addition to the same preferential policy of tax exemption for five years, Taobao Logistics would be given the preferential policy of full exemption of purchase tax, import tax, and value-added tax refund for three years. The only additional restriction was that all cargo vehicles purchased under this preferential policy could not be sold or leased to a third party company in any form within five years.

The five-year tax exemption policy was very significant for the two companies. Because Internet companies had to continuously invest and burn money, it was very difficult to make profits on the books. Often, an Internet company with a market value of hundreds of billions of yuan would suffer losses on the books for several years. However, despite the losses on the books, the company's income was huge, and the scale of taxes it bore was also extremely large. In this case, as soon as the preferential policy of tax exemption was announced, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong were so excited that they wanted to hug each other and cry.

In addition, the senior leaders issued instructions that local governments should give the green light to high-tech demonstration enterprises, and they must give full support in land resources, transportation resources, and human resources.

The title of "Key High-Tech Demonstration Enterprises" directly awarded by the Economic and Trade Commission was too valuable. With this title alone, Taobao and Taobao Logistics could stand out among all Internet companies. Although several other software and hardware R&D companies also had the title of demonstration enterprises, only Taobao and Taobao Logistics were crowned with the word "key".

A large part of the reason why Taobao could be so valued was that it had already shown its impact on the real economy and its role in promoting the real economy at the beginning of its establishment. At present, no other Internet company had such far-reaching significance, not even Makino Technology.

The previous Brand Day completely achieved Li Mu's goal, and directly pushed Taobao to an unprecedented position. Unlike those hardware production companies that drove the industrial chain and employment through tax and income generation, the influence of Taobao was not limited to any kind of hardware production, but a huge driving effect on the entire retail industry and manufacturing industry. Naturally, the government would pay special attention to this company that could greatly stimulate domestic demand.

In addition to the great significance of the title and the affordable tax exemption policy, the policy of tax exemption for the purchase of trucks also proved the great expectations of the government for Taobao and e-commerce. The government's attitude was very clear. This was to remove all the burden of tax for Taobao and Taobao Logistics, so that they could desperately rush forward.

With these policies, Taobao Logistics almost had all the conditions to take off.

Li Mu, who was in Taobao, and Liu Shixiong, who was with him, were excited. Liu Shixiong had already begun to calculate how much money these tax exemption policies could save for Taobao and Taobao Logistics. However, before he could figure it out, another huge piece of good news came twenty minutes later.

At the same time, the Economic and Trade Commission sent invitations to a number of well-known computer manufacturers and well-known home appliance manufacturers. Shenzhou was also invited. According to the news from Shenzhou, the reason why the Economic and Trade Commission invited Shenzhou this time was to go to Beijing to discuss the related issues of speeding up the popularization of home appliances.

Although the specific details of "Computers in the City" were not revealed, Li Mu was very clear in his heart that the Economic and Trade Commission had come out to meet with computer and home appliance manufacturers. This meant that the higher-ups had definitely approved the two national policies of "Computers in the City" and "Home Appliances in the Countryside". After meeting with the relevant enterprises and formulating the relevant rules, they should immediately start to carry out pilot projects in some provinces.

Home Appliances in the Countryside had nothing to do with Li Mu, and he was not prepared to get involved. However, "Computers in the City" was too important to him. Once this was set, it meant that the country had entered the stage of public policy support for the development of the Internet. For the entire industry, it was a huge piece of good news.

Liu Shixiong said excitedly, "Shenzhou is really going to take off this time. We already have the space to reduce the price of the 4,999 machine to 4,299. If we add in the government's subsidies, it will not be a problem to reduce the price of the machine to 4,000 yuan!

A desktop machine under 4,000 yuan, this price is really very friendly. Whether it is the degree of market acceptance or the competitiveness, it is unparalleled. "

Li Mu said, "Shenzhou's production capacity is a big problem. Once the 'Computers in the City' policy is set, we need to get Wu Haijun to quickly raise funds to exchange for cash to expand production capacity. At this rate of development, Shenzhou will be able to be listed on the market this time next year."

Liu Shixiong said, "Wu Haijun will be attending the Economic and Trade Commission's meeting in Yan Jing very soon. I will communicate with him then."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "Has Lei Jun replied yet?"

Liu Shixiong said, "Not yet."

Li Mu said, "Then let's wait a little longer. I believe that Lei Jun will eventually agree to our purchase offer. Now, get your people to start preparing for the book sales promotion. Once we take over Zhuoyue, we will use the fastest speed to force Dang Dang to death. We cannot let it last until next year."

"Alright." Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "I will pass down the instructions today."

Li Mu asked him, "Have the sales people from Procter & Gamble and Unilever arrived?"

Liu Shixiong said, "A few of the key candidates have basically come to an agreement. We are waiting for them to go through the resignation procedures."

Li Mu said, "Hurry them up and get them to come to work as soon as possible. If they really can't come to work in a short period of time, ask them to directly breach the contract. We will bear the specific liability for the compensation on their behalf. Hurry up and get them in place. I want to start the second promotion and promote a wave of daily necessities."

From the data from the Brand Day, Li Mu realized a big problem for Taobao — the frequency of online purchases was too low, and users were not used to buying daily necessities online. The Brand Day had given users the habit and awareness of buying electronic products online. Now, Li Mu wanted to use a new round of promotion to get users into the habit of buying daily necessities online.

Seeing that Li Mu was so anxious, Liu Shixiong immediately agreed and said, "I will get people to connect with them as soon as possible and urge them to come to work as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "How are things over at Germany's Berman?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I asked them to stay in the best hotel in the area, rent the best car and driver in the area, and spend money very generously in front of the Germans. In one weekend, they treated Berman's people to two meals, and Berman's people have already changed their attitude towards them. Last night, Berman's people invited them to visit the production line and equipment demonstration today. Berlin time is seven hours later than us, so it is estimated that they will visit Berman in the afternoon today, Yanjing time."

As he said that, Liu Shixiong added, "From the feedback from the person in charge at the front, Berman has really changed a lot. Our representative mentioned the visit before, but they have been vague and unwilling to arrange it. This time, they took the initiative to invite us."

Li Mu nodded and said with satisfaction, "As long as they treat us as customers with real potential, it will be fine. The five-year tax exemption policy has brought us too many benefits. Before this, I don't dare to easily touch the surplus funds in Taobao's account period. But with the support of this benefit, I think we can make use of that money first. The first important use is to increase investment in logistics and directly install automatic sorting equipment in the six major logistics bases."

Liu Xiaodong also said in agreement, "Since the government's attitude of support is so firm, we should speed up the development, which is a positive response to the government."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In the future, your focus will be on logistics. I will be in charge of the daily operations of Taobao."

After saying that, Li Mu sighed, "If I can poach Lei Jun, then I really don't have to worry too much!"

…

In the afternoon, the news that Taobao and Taobao Logistics had received a huge support policy spread throughout the Internet industry.

For people in other industries other than e-commerce, this news was enviable. It was not easy to start a business in the Internet industry. It was already quite amazing to have a relationship with an investment bank. But compared with Li Mu, who was favored by the senior management and recognized by the government, it was simply insignificant.

In history, no Internet company had received such strong support from the government, and Li Mu was always making all kinds of history.

Boss Ma, who was in Hangzhou, was almost driven crazy by Li Mu. Previously, when Li Mu's interview was published, the news was overwhelming, and Taobao was in the limelight for a while. His Taobao had done all the preparation work, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't wait for a good opportunity to go online.

To Boss Ma, Taobao was like the four threes in Fight the Landlord. It was the smallest bomb in the whole deck, and also his only bomb. But the smallest bomb was still a bomb. If the timing was good, the four threes could also lock in the victory. But if the timing was not good, and the four threes were thrown out in advance, then Taobao was very likely to become a cannon fodder once it went online.

Originally, Boss Ma wanted to wait for the popularity of Taobao to decrease, then immediately go online with Taobao and vigorously promote it online and offline. But now, when the popularity of Taobao had just started to decrease a little, the government gave Li Mu a huge advantage. He believed that Taobao, with the title of "Key High-Tech Demonstration Enterprise" and various support policies, would soon become the target of the whole society's attention.

Boss Ma was getting more and more impatient as he watched Li Mu run away with his cards. If Li Mu continued to develop smoothly, he would only have two trump cards left in his hands. Even if his three mistresses didn't become cannon fodder, they would die in his hands!