Chapter 1591

Wei Lan's words, "Come out and open the door for me," made Li Mu stunned.

Seeing that he didn't respond, Wei Lan couldn't help but urge, "What are you doing?

Come and open the door for me! "

This time, Li Mu came to his senses and figured out what was going on. Then he hurriedly ran out of the door.

Walking through the yard, Li Mu came to the front door of his house. He opened the door with a little excitement and saw Wei Lan in a professional suit, pulling a suitcase, standing at the door and looking at him with a smile.

They hadn't seen each other for a long time. Li Mu felt that Wei Lan had become more beautiful and mature. She was wearing a small white shirt, black trousers, and a pair of black flat shoes. The standard style of a woman in the workplace gave Li Mu a different kind of uniform style.

When the breeze blew Wei Lan's slightly curly long hair, she winked at Li Mu and smiled sweetly, showing her two neat rows of white teeth.

She asked with a smile, "Are you surprised?"

"Surprise, it's a great surprise!"

Li Mu nodded and opened his arms to her.

Wei Lan, who was mature and sexy, suddenly acted like a child. She threw away her suitcase and strode into Li Mu's arms, indulging herself in him.

The two hugged and kissed each other. They didn't speak anymore, but they could feel each other's deep affection for themselves.

After a long time, the two reluctantly separated.

Li Mu held Wei Lan with one hand and dragged the suitcase she had thrown aside with the other hand back to the villa.

Wei Lan walked and jumped all the way, raising Li Mu's right hand above her head. Then she danced gracefully under Li Mu's arm, happily like a child.

As soon as they entered the house, Li Mu couldn't help asking her, "Didn't you say that you would come back tomorrow?

Why did you arrive today? "

"I missed you. I was afraid that you would run away again, so I changed the ticket."

Wei Lan did not hide the deep love in her eyes. Although Li Mu was younger than her by a few years, in front of Li Mu, she seemed to have reversed the age difference.

Usually, she was the perfect woman in everyone's eyes, the shining pearl of the business world, and the object of countless people's admiration and infatuation.

But in front of Li Mu, she was like a naive adolescent girl.

Li Mu touched her smooth cheek and said with a smile, "Then you really came at the right time. I have to run again tomorrow."

Wei Lan asked curiously, "Where are we going tomorrow?"

Li Mu said, "To Hangzhou."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "Let's go see Ziqiu?

Shouldn't she be starting school soon?

Why didn't you wait for her? "

Li Mu said, "Mom and Dad happened to be nearby. They said they wanted to take a look."

A beautiful smile appeared on Wei Lan's face as she teased, "Are we going to talk about marriage so soon?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "What marriage? How old am I this year?"

Wei Lan said with a smile, "If we don't talk about marriage, wouldn't it be a little grand for the whole family to go to Ziqiu's house?"

Li Mu said, "It's mainly because Ziqiu's mother invited my mom, and it just so happened that my dad was going to accompany my mom for something. The two of them just happened to miss me, so I could only go."

Wei Lan nodded and praised, "Ziqiu's mother is too amazing."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's wrong?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Nothing, I just think she should be a very amazing woman."

After saying that, Wei Lan suddenly tiptoed slightly and directly pressed her red lips on Li Mu's mouth. After a few light kisses, she whispered between her nostrils, "Li Mu, I miss you, I really miss …"

Seeing that she was hugging him tightly, Li Mu gave her an even more intense kiss and said in her ear, "I miss you too."

Wei Lan grabbed the hem of Li Mu's T-shirt and asked him, "When are you leaving tomorrow?"

Li Mu said, "Afternoon flight. What's wrong?"

Wei Lan shook her head. "Nothing, I want to calculate how long you can stay with me."

Li Mu said, "Less than 20 hours."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu and asked with affection in her eyes, "Then how many times can you stay with me in 20 hours?"

Li Mu understood and immediately hugged her by the waist. He smiled and said, "How many times can you stay with me? You'll know when you count."

After saying that, Li Mu carried Wei Lan upstairs.

Wei Lan wrapped her hands around Li Mu's neck and was carried into his room.

As soon as they entered the room, Li Mu gently threw Wei Lan onto the soft and comfortable bed. He couldn't wait to take off his clothes and Wei Lan's clothes …

…

After a flurry of wind and rain, the two of them rested.

Wei Lan was wrapped in Li Mu's nightgown. She pulled Li Mu up from the bed, gently flipped her hair, and pulled Li Mu to sit down on the two-seater sofa in the bedroom. Then, she took off her shoes and leaned against the armrest of the sofa. She put her slender legs on Li Mu's lap, blinked at him, and said with a smile, "Tell me what fun things you did when you were out these days."

"What fun things can I do? It's nothing more than what's reported on the news."

With that said, Li Mu naturally reached out his hand and held Wei Lan's calf. He gently rubbed the soft flesh on her calf with his fingertips and asked thoughtfully, "You went out for a long time. Are you tired?"

"Yeah …" Wei Lan sighed. "Every day, half of my working time is spent walking, and the other half is spent in meetings."

Li Mu said, "Next time, let Old Chen or Brother Liang do this kind of thing. Don't focus on this kind of specific work. Lean yourself more to the macro level."

Wei Lan slightly curled up her legs to make it easier for Li Mu to massage her. She sat up slightly, crossed her shoulders, and looked at Li Mu. "These two projects were conceived and designed by you, and they are both very significant projects. I don't dare to let them have any risks. I have to personally follow up from beginning to end until the construction of these two projects is completed."

Li Mu said with a smile, "The so-called significance of benchmarking is like drawing a pie for the investors when a company is raising funds. You don't have to care so much about this."

Wei Lan shook her head and looked at Li Mu emotionally. "In any case, I'm treating these two projects as if I'm in a relationship. I have to do my best to feel at ease."

Seeing her persistence, Li Mu smiled and said, "You can handle it yourself. Just don't give yourself too much pressure, and don't work too hard. Otherwise, my heart will ache."

Wei Lan smiled sweetly. "You should take care of yourself. You run around all day and can't rest for even a moment. If you continue like this, you'll collapse from exhaustion."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Work hard for a few years while you're still young. Once you earn enough money and have done enough work, you can retire. If you're efficient now, you might be able to retire before the age of 30. If you're not efficient now, you might not be able to retire until you're 60."

Wei Lan helplessly shook her head and said, "I'm just afraid that you'll never be able to stay idle. You want to do this and try that. In the future, technology will continue to develop. Whether it's the internet or other industries, there will definitely be more and more subdivisions. There will also be many innovative things. When that time comes, do you think you can resist the temptation?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Those who can resist this kind of temptation will generally have good achievements. But those who achieve the top are usually the ones who can't resist the temptation."

Wei Lan rolled her eyes. "You're the one with the most twisted theories. Frankly speaking, it's because you don't have enough willpower to resist the temptation."

Li Mu smiled, but he was sighing in his heart. Wei Lan truly understood him. With the continuous development of technology and society, there would be more and more new industries and products. This was too attractive to him. For example, smartphones, mobile internet, electric vehicles, and artificial intelligence. All of these were extremely attractive to him, and he couldn't resist them at all.

At this moment, Li Mu's cell phone rang. Wei Lan took the initiative to find his pants on the ground, took out his cell phone, and handed it to Li Mu.

Li Mu looked down and saw that it was the eldest granddaughter of the Goldberg family, Wendy Goldberg.

Li Mu couldn't help but be puzzled. He smacked his lips and said, "Why is she calling me?"

Wei Lan saw her English name and said with a smile, "Isn't this the girl who was in a scandal with you on Twitter?

Many people think that the two of you are together. "

Li Mu asked curiously, "Do you know her?"

Wei Lan nodded. "I know her. She was quite popular a few days ago because she took a photo with you. Then, netizens followed her Weibo, followed her every move, and even imitated the angle of her photo. This woman is also very popular in China now. Her posture of taking photos at a 45-degree angle is very popular in the north and south of China."

Li Mu smiled. He had taught her that posture in order to give Wendy Goldberg a good opportunity to gather fans. As expected, it soon caused an explosion of popularity.

The phone rang two more times, and Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "I'll answer it first. Ask her what she wants."

Wei Lan nodded. Li Mu immediately picked up the phone and asked curiously, "Miss Wendy, why are you calling me at this time?"

She said in a shy voice, "Mr. Li, the matter of my study in Hua Xia has been settled. In a few days, I will leave for Hua Xia and become a postgraduate student at Yanjing University. At that time, I'll have to ask Li Zong to take care of me."

Li Mu was a little speechless. He didn't expect that Wendy Goldberg's words about studying in Hua Xia would actually become true.

When Wendy first said this, Li Mu thought that she was mostly joking. He didn't expect that it would become true in the blink of an eye.

However, Li Mu could only bite the bullet and said, "No problem. Miss Wendy, which flight will you take to Hua Xia?

I'll arrange for someone to pick you up. "

Wendy Goldberg said happily, "Thank you so much, Mr. Li. Thank you!"

"Don't mention it. This is what I should do as a host. You coming to Hua Xia is like coming to my doorstep. I will definitely arrange it properly."

After exchanging a few more pleasantries, Li Mu hung up. Wei Lan asked curiously, "That Wendy is coming to Hua Xia?"

Li Mu nodded and sighed, "She'll arrive in a few days."

Wei Lan teased, "Another confidante, and she's from abroad."

Li Mu said with a smile, "She can't be considered a confidante in the city."

After saying that, Li Mu looked at Wei Lan and said seriously, "You are."