Chapter 633

This year, the holiday of Yan Jing University was two days earlier than that of the National People's Congress.

Zhao Ziqiu wanted to find an excuse from her family to stay in Yan Jing for a few more days during the holiday, so that she could stay in Yan Jing for a few more days.

Many students who went to school in Yan Jing would leave a few days later during the summer vacation, so that they could have fun in Yan Jing with their classmates. Zhao Xianliang was very understanding, so he specially approved her request to stay in Yan Jing for one more week.

After getting her father's approval, Zhao Ziqiu had been thinking about pestering Li Mu for a few days after the holiday. During this period, Li Mu was busy and had little time to accompany her, so she was more or less like a little girl. Li Mu also agreed very readily.

However, Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu had never expected that Zhao Xianliang's agreement with Zhao Ziqiu at the beginning was actually a trick to numb her and Li Mu. His cunning trick made Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu feel that they had enough time to spend with each other, so they might as well wait for Zhao Ziqiu's holiday. However, on the day before Zhao Ziqiu's holiday, Zhao Xianliang suddenly called Zhao Ziqiu and told Zhao Ziqiu, "I've asked my secretary to book a plane ticket for you at eight o 'clock tomorrow night. You can pack your things tonight and directly take a taxi to the airport after the last day of school tomorrow. Your mother and I will pick you up at the airport."

Zhao Ziqiu was suddenly dumbfounded. "Didn't he promise me before?

Why did he suddenly do this?

This change of mind was too sudden! "

Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help asking him, "Didn't you promise me to let me stay in Yan Jing for a few more days?

Why did you change your mind so suddenly? "

"Yeah, I changed my mind."

Zhao Xianliang said frankly, "If you want to play, ask your mom and your aunt to take you to Hawaii in a few days. Your aunt has been saying that she wants to go there for a vacation. It just so happens that your mom has nothing to do recently. Ask her to take you there."

"I'm not going!" Zhao Ziqiu immediately rejected and protested, "I want to stay in Beijing!

You promised me before. I don't care. I'll go back in a week. "

"How dare you!"

"If you don't come back tomorrow night, your mother and I will personally go to Beijing to bring you back tomorrow morning." Zhao Xianliang's voice turned solemn.

Zhao Ziqiu still wanted to argue, but Zhao Xianliang said without hesitation, "It's settled. There's no room for negotiation!"

After that, Zhao Xianliang directly hung up the phone, leaving Zhao Ziqiu alone with tears of grievance in her eyes.

Zhao Ziqiu just realized that her father was lying to her. First, he numbed her, and then he took her by surprise. It was too sinister.

Zhao Ziqiu, who felt wronged, immediately called her mother and told her everything over the phone. She begged her mother, "Can you help me talk to my father and let me stay in Yan Jing for a few days before going back?"

Xie Yun could only sigh helplessly and said, "Your father is very firm this time. I think you'd better come back first."

"But I've already talked to Li Mu …" Zhao Ziqiu's voice trembled, and her tears flowed out. She said with grievance, "He's busy all day long. It's not easy to make him promise to accompany me for a few days after the holidays …"

Xie Yun heard her daughter's slightly choked voice and couldn't help but feel sorry for her silly girl. She followed Li Mu wholeheartedly, but she didn't even know about Li Mu's background. He had so many things in his hands, and when he was really busy, he probably wouldn't have time to care about love. But who asked her to choose such a boyfriend? Zhao Xianliang was too much. He was so old, but he still played this kind of game with his daughter. Who was he against?

Xie Yun comforted her daughter for a long time and told her not to worry and wait until she talked to her father. Then, Xie Yun hung up the phone and went straight to Zhao Xianliang's office to settle the score with him.

Zhao Xianliang was buried in the documents when the door was pushed open without knocking. He didn't need to think to know that it was his wife. Xie Yun had been working in his company since she quit her job as a university professor to share his worries and difficulties. Their offices were not far from each other, and they could come over in a few steps.

When Zhao Xianliang raised his head, Xie Yun had already arrived in front of his desk. She crossed her arms and looked him up and down. She frowned and said, "Zhao Xianliang, you're really interesting. Is it interesting to use your deception on your daughter?"

"Interesting."

Zhao Xianliang snorted and smiled. He put down the documents in his hand and said, "Why did she have to play in Yan Jing instead of going home during the holidays?

Which part of Yan Jing hasn't she been to?

Can't you guess what she's thinking in her heart? "

Xie Yun said angrily, "Why should I guess?

Ziqiu is almost 20 years old. Why should I care about her?

Are you tired? "

Zhao Xianliang curled his lips and smiled. "You're tired, but I'm not."

"You …" Xie Yun was angry and asked him back, "How long do you want to care about her?

Are you still against her and Li Mu in your heart? "

Zhao Xianliang hurriedly said, "Ah, I'm not."

Xie Yun asked him aggressively, "Then what are you doing?

Why are you playing such tricks with a child? "

Zhao Xianliang's expression gradually became serious. He said, "Xie Yun, I don't care about her and Li Mu, but no matter what, there must be a limit to this matter. Usually, I can't control them when they go to school, live and fall in love in Yan Jing. But it doesn't mean that I can give them the green light for everything. What do you think she is doing in Yan Jing instead of going home during the holidays?

She even wants to play in Yan Jing with her classmates for a few days. Does she really think that I'm stupid?

If I really agree to her, then I won't be able to sleep well during the few days when she doesn't go home during the holidays. The feeling of a man loving his daughter is completely different from the feeling of a woman loving her daughter. Do you understand? "

When Xie Yun saw that Zhao Xianliang was so serious and thought about his words carefully, she really understood him. Parents had experienced all kinds of storms and waves. Ziqiu's little thoughts couldn't be hidden from her parents. With the way Zhao Xianliang had doted on his daughter for the past 20 years, it was already not easy for him to tacitly accept the relationship between Ziqiu and Li Mu. At this time, she really had to consider his feelings.

But on the other hand, his daughter was really distressing. Which young people at this age didn't think about dating day and night and didn't want to be apart even after half a day? Li Mu was too capable. It was unimaginable that he had caused so many troubles. Some time ago, she heard that he even forced a rather powerful family in Hong Kong to move to Australia. People like him naturally couldn't be like other college students who had enough time to fall in love. It was inevitable that his daughter would be wronged.

After thinking about it, Xie Yun came up with a compromise. She didn't continue to quarrel with Zhao Xianliang. Instead, she returned to her office and called Zhao Ziqiu.

Zhao Ziqiu picked up the phone and asked expectantly, "Mom, have you told Dad?"

"Yes."

There was a hint of helplessness in Xie Yun's tone. "Your dad doesn't agree. Sometimes, you have to think about him. Usually, when he thinks about you, he thinks about you going to school in Yan Jing and tries his best not to think about you and Li Mu. But you still don't come back after the holiday. Do you think he will feel comfortable?"

Zhao Ziqiu didn't know how to respond for a while. When it came to this matter, she did feel a little guilty. After all, her parents had happened to see her and Li Mu staying overnight in their villa, so she inevitably felt guilty.

At this time, Xie Yun said in a negotiating tone, "Ziqiu, how about you listen to your dad and come back first during the holiday? When you come back, your dad will be relieved. At that time, he will ask Li Mu to come to Hangzhou to see you. I will invite him to dinner. If he dares to say that he is busy, you can tell him that I said it. If he doesn't even give me face, I don't think you should be with him."

Zhao Ziqiu knew that her mother's words were mostly a joke. But since she had said so, there was basically no room for mediation. So, Zhao Ziqiu had to say, "I know, mom. I will go back tomorrow night."

Xie Yun was relieved and said, "I will pick you up at the airport tomorrow. I won't let your dad go, in case you will be angry when you see him."

"I won't be angry. You and dad can pick me up together …"

Although Zhao Ziqiu was very unwilling in her heart, she really had no other way. She could only call Li Mu and tell him that she had to go home after the holiday. Li Mu didn't expect that such a thing would happen. He immediately realized that with her father's prudence, it would not be so easy to see Zhao Ziqiu in the next two months.

Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu only had one night left.

So, Li Mu made an appointment with Zhao Ziqiu to drive directly to Yan University to pick her up. Originally, Zhao Ziqiu had classes the next day, but she didn't plan to go. She packed her luggage in advance and waited for Li Mu to come.

At the gate of Yan University, Zhao Ziqiu stood by the roadside with a small suitcase in her hand. She smiled and watched Li Mu's car enter her field of vision until it stopped in front of her.

At this moment, Zhao Ziqiu forgot that she would leave tomorrow. All she could think of was that since she came to Yan Jing to study, every time she went home, it was Li Mu who drove to school to pick her up and take her to the airport. For a girl who left home for the first time and traveled more than a thousand kilometers north to study, she was full of joy and luck to meet Li Mu in a foreign land.

Li Mu got out of the car and helped Zhao Ziqiu put the suitcase in the trunk. After both of them got in the car, Li Mu asked her, "We will go back tomorrow night. Do you want to go somewhere or eat something?"

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu affectionately and said shyly, "No, I want to stay with you now. I don't want to be apart for a minute."

Li Mu reached out his hand and gently rubbed her hot face with the back of his finger for a moment. He said softly, "Okay, from now on, we will not be apart for a minute."

Zhao Ziqiu's eyes were full of surprise. "You said it. You can't go back on your word."

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "You haven't had dinner yet, right?

What do you want to eat? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Let's buy some food and go to my place. I will make dinner."

Li Mu smiled mysteriously. "I won't go to your place. I will take you to a place later."

Zhao Ziqiu didn't know what Li Mu was up to, but Li Mu deliberately said, "Let's go and buy some food first."