Chapter 595

Li Mu didn't stay at Chen Wan's house for too long, because he had an appointment with the record company the next morning to sign a contract, and Wang Yanan's mother had an operation in the afternoon, which meant that he must rush to the hospital at noon, so the time was a little tight.

Chen Wan has long been accustomed to Li Mu's rhythm. She personally sent him to the door and did not forget to remind him, "I'll be in Yanjing these days, but I'll be back to Xiangdu in a few days. If you have time, remember to find me for a meal and go shopping."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You are a famous figure now. It's probably difficult for you to go shopping, but it's relatively easy for you to eat."

Chen Wan said, "Then you can find me for a meal when you have time. I can't see you when I go back to Yanjing. If it's always like this, I'll go home on vacation in the future."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Okay, I'll listen to you. In addition, I'll go to Xiangdu with you later. I'll take the plan to talk to the leaders of your station."

"Okay." Chen Wan said, "If necessary, I can say hello to them in advance."

Li Mu nodded slightly, and then said, "Then I'll go back first. I have to sign a contract with the record company early tomorrow morning."

"Mm."

Chen Wan said, opened the door for him and said, "Don't always be so busy. Pay attention to rest."

"Understood."

… …

The next day, Shen Wei, the general manager of Rolling Stone Records' Yanjing branch, personally came to Taobao. Li Mu told Liu Xiaodong in advance, because the whole signing process had to be photographed and uploaded to Taobao in order to have enough credibility, so Li Mu arranged for Liu Xiaodong and Shen Wei to sign a licensing agreement.

Shen Wei's attitude was very active and cooperative. They simply touched the contents of the contract, and some important details of the contract were also implemented on paper.

First of all, Rolling Stone licensed all albums to Taobao, and also handed over all the inventory of albums to Taobao. Taobao would not pay for any goods in advance, and Makino Technology would take 20% of the sales.

Secondly, the damage to the album caused in the process of transportation and sales will be borne by Rolling Stone, and Makino Technology will not be responsible.

Third, Makino Technology has the right to reduce the price of the album according to the market dynamics. If Makino Technology wants to reduce the price by less than 20% on the basis of the pricing, there is no need for Makino Technology to communicate with Rolling Stone; if the price is more than 20%, Makino Technology needs to obtain written authorization from Rolling Stone Records to carry out the promotion, and Makino Technology shall disclose the specific backstage sales data to Rolling Stone and shall not deceive the promotion.

Finally, Makino Technology will settle accounts with Rolling Stone every three months. Each settlement will be issued by Makino Technology, and then verified by Rolling Stone Records. If there is no doubt on both sides, Rolling Stone Records will issue an invoice of the same amount, and the finance of Taobao will pay after receiving the invoice. In case of special circumstances, the settlement can be advanced or postponed by the two parties through consultation.

In the whole contract, Makino Technology not only got the authorization, but also got a three-month accounting period. It seemed that it was a bit harsh on Rolling Stone Records, but the people of Rolling Stone did not have the slightest resistance, because they realized that Taobao was the key to opening up the embarrassing situation. At this time, they almost regarded Taobao as a life-saving straw.

After signing the contract, Shen Wei, on behalf of Rolling Stone Records, gave Makino Technology a letter of authorization with a clear subject, clear content and the official seal of Rolling Stone, authorizing Makino Technology to sell all the music albums and related derivatives of Rolling Stone Records, and to be the only genuine agent for online sales. Getting this authorization means that Taobao has become the first online audio-visual product sales platform in history with a genuine authorization.

This time, Shen Wei not only brought the letter of authorization, but also brought five Rolling Stone employees and samples of all the albums they currently have in stock. Liu Xiaodong first arranged for the photographer to take a few photos of him and Shen Wei at the time of signing the contract, and then immediately arranged for the staff to connect with the people of Rolling Stone. While taking photos of the albums, they made the product page of each album according to the album information.

There were hundreds of records under Rolling Stone, and it would be good if all of them could be collected and uploaded within a day or two. So, Li Mu asked the staff to scan the letter of authorization first, upload the photos of the signing, and first make a publicity page to publicize the news that Taobao had obtained the authorization of Rolling Stone Records. As long as Taobao launched the publicity page, YY and all the singer's Tieba would start the publicity campaign as soon as possible. It was necessary to let the netizens and fans in the Mainland know that Taobao had obtained the genuine authorization of Rolling Stone Records, and they had a fully reliable channel to buy genuine albums.

At the same time, the sample of Mo Wenwei's album was made and uploaded. When the time came, her album should be online first, because she was now at the most popular time. Striking while the iron was hot should be able to achieve very good sales.

In Li Mu's view, Mo Wenwei has now become a special business card of YY and Taobao. Her overnight popularity has let all the people in the entertainment industry see the powerful promotion strength of YY. Now, Li Mu also wants to make Mo Wenwei's album sell well through Taobao, and let the people in the entertainment industry also see the powerful strength of Taobao as an online sales platform.

After arranging the work, Li Mu said hello to Liu Xiaodong and told him that he had something to do, and then drove away from Taobao. It was nearly noon. Li Mu called Hu Zhengdao and asked him about the current situation.

Hu Zhengdao said, "We are all in the hospital, still waiting for the operation."

Li Mu asked him, "Everyone is here?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "Everyone is here. Our dormitory and Yanan's dormitory, but you and Chen Qiao didn't come."

Li Mu didn't expect that both of his dormitory's people would go. As for Chen Qiao, she had already broken up with Xue Jianfeng, and she was the one who made Xue Jianfeng a cuckold. She probably didn't have the face to see Xue Jianfeng, so Li Mu didn't think much and said, "I will be there soon. How are you going to eat at noon?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "I was just about to tell you that the hospital doesn't allow so many people to stay in the ward. After everyone saw Auntie, only Yanan accompanied her. We are all outside. The operation will start at two o 'clock, but we have to enter the operating room at one o' clock, and it may not be until around six o 'clock in the afternoon. So we discussed to wait for Auntie to enter the operating room before eating. If you are hungry, you can eat something outside now."

Li Mu said, "I'm not hungry, let's go now."

Hu Zhengdao responded and said, "Alright, we will wait for you here."

Li Mu drove to the hospital and parked his car in the parking lot at the entrance of the hospital. Then, he walked to the main building of the hospital. In front of the Kidney Transplant ward, he saw a large group of people waiting. Zhao Ziqiu was naturally there.

When she saw Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu secretly winked at him and smiled. Li Mu also responded with his eyes, then he asked Hu Zhengdao, "Can I go in and see Auntie?"

Hu Zhengdao nodded and said to Li Mu, "The doctor doesn't allow too many people in. You can go in by yourself. Yanan is inside."

Li Mu entered the ward alone. Wang Yanan's mother was lying on the bed at the moment, and Wang Yanan was sitting at the head of the bed holding her hand. Both mother and daughter's eyes were red, and it looked like they had just cried. However, from their expressions, it could be seen that both of them were filled with excitement and anticipation.

For patients with severe uremia, a kidney transplant undoubtedly meant a new life. The upcoming operation was naturally very important to both mother and daughter.

When she saw Li Mu come in, Wang Yanan hurriedly stood up and said, "Li Mu, you are here."

Wang Yanan's mother also looked at Li Mu gratefully and waved at him. She wanted to say something, but it seemed like she could not say it.

Wang Yanan hurriedly explained, "My mother's throat is not good these days, she can't speak."

Li Mu nodded and walked to the bed to greet her. After that, he did not dare to stay in the room any longer and quickly left.

Li Yawei's girlfriend, Han Xiaoxiao, teased Li Mu in a low voice, "Li Mu, I haven't seen you in a long time. You are a busy man!

Our Ziqiu has been talking about you in the dorm every day. "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Xiaoxiao, you are talking nonsense. When have I been talking about him every day?"

Han Xiaoxiao was so angry that she laughed. She shook her head helplessly and said, "Sigh, Ziqiu, you really can't help him."

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and said, "Thanks, but I don't need you to help me."

Han Xiaoxiao covered her mouth and laughed. She did not know the current relationship between Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu, so she always thought that Zhao Ziqiu was infatuated with Li Mu and that she wanted to fight for her good sister. She thought that Zhao Ziqiu was acting like this because she was shy in her heart.

Li Mu was also helpless. He did not continue this topic with Han Xiaoxiao and asked Hu Zhengdao, "What are the arrangements after the surgery?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "Auntie's body is too weak. After the surgery, she will have to enter the ICU for observation for a few days. After that, she will have to be transferred to a sterile ward. The whole process will take about seven to eight days. During these seven to eight days, she will have to rely on IV fluids for the first few days and liquid food for the next few days. Family members are not allowed to touch her. After these two stages are over, family members can only enter the ICU to visit and feed her. However, the time allowed is also very short. So for the first few days after the surgery, the two of us can only come and guard outside the ICU every day. When it's time to eat, we will ask the elder sister to cook and bring it over."

Li Mu nodded. It seemed that after the patient entered the operating room, there were a lot of things that they could not interfere with. However, this hospital's kidney transplant department was very famous. With a doctor here, he felt much more at ease.

Li Mu said, "When I came here, I booked a private room in a restaurant at the entrance of the hospital. After auntie enters the operating room, we will go out and eat something. We will come back after eating."

Hu Zhengdao said, "After eating, you guys don't need to come here anymore. Yanan and I will just watch over here. After the surgery is successful, I will send a group message to you guys."

Sun Jian said, "We have nothing to do anyway. We will just wait with you. When auntie's surgery is successful, we will be relieved. We will leave then."

Zhao Ziqiu also said, "The surgery will be over at around six o 'clock. We will wait with you guys. Otherwise, even if we leave, we will not be able to feel at ease."

Hu Zhengdao was touched. He nodded and did not say anything else.

At 1: 20 am, the doctor and nurses pushed Wang Yanan's mother into the operating room. The long-awaited kidney transplant surgery was finally about to begin.