Chapter 528

Li Mu was nervous that Li Yawei had let the cat out of the bag, but Su Yingxue didn't seem to take it seriously. She just said to Li Yawei, "He can't drink too much even if he's a good drinker. Why don't we let him drink two bottles of beer?"

Li Mu also went with the flow and said, "The aftereffects of drinking too much beer are too strong. I still have a headache now. I'll drink two bottles tonight as a token of my gratitude."

Li Yawei saw that something was wrong and realized that she might have said the wrong thing, so she hurriedly said, "That's fine. You drank a lot of beer last night, and I can't stop you. Drink less today."

Zhao Kang joked, "You're the birthday boy today, so we'll let you drink however you want. But next time, you won't be so lucky. You can only drink two bottles. It's really not presentable."

Xue Jianfeng also said, "Only Li Mu can drink with me. If you avoid drinking, I won't have the intention to drink anymore. Today is your birthday, so I'll make an exception for you. Next time, you must drink at least five bottles."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "Okay, okay, okay. I'll find a chance to make up for it in the future."

Su Yingxue then said, "You all think that Li Mu doesn't drink enough. Then I'll drink with you guys."

When the boys heard that Su Yingxue would take the initiative to drink for Li Mu, they immediately applauded and praised Su Yingxue as a heroine. However, Li Mu was a little unhappy and said, "Don't listen to her. Don't let her drink."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I'll just drink a little. It's fine."

Li Mu shook his head, "That won't do."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Mu Ge, since you don't drink much today, and sister-in-law is willing to drink for you, you should let sister-in-law drink a little."

Zhao Kang gave Wang Jia a meaningful look. Wang Jia immediately understood and said, "Li Mu, since Ying Xue wants to drink with everyone, I'll drink with you guys as well."

Zhao Kang immediately nodded and said, "Go ahead. I'm happy today. You should drink some too."

When Han Xiaoxiao saw that two of the three women wanted to drink, she didn't want to be outdone and said, "Since that's the case, I'll drink a little too."

Li Yawei said, "Drink. If you drink too much, I'll carry you back."

Seeing this situation, Li Mu didn't stop her anymore. He said to Su Yingxue, "Just drink in moderation. Don't drink too much."

Su Yingxue nodded. "Okay."

As Li Mu's official girlfriend, Su Yingxue didn't have much contact with his friends. It was mainly because Li Mu didn't come to school all day. Otherwise, under normal circumstances, she would have become familiar with his friends and gotten along with their girlfriends after being together with Li Mu for so long.

Su Yingxue was very reserved sometimes, but deep down in her heart, she hoped that she could be like other girls and spend time with her boyfriend whenever she had time. Whether it was just the two of them or with his friends, she wanted to be part of Li Mu's world. But sometimes, she felt that Li Mu's world was too mysterious, and she couldn't figure it out.

At around seven o 'clock, Su Yingxue officially started the dinner. She took the initiative to pour herself a glass of beer and stood up to say to everyone, "Thank you all for coming to celebrate Li Mu's birthday today. Let me give everyone a toast first."

After saying that, before Li Mu could react, she drank all the beer in her glass.

Li Yawei took the lead to clap and said in a Beijing accent, "Sister-in-law is too dramatic!"

The others also enthusiastically echoed and raised their glasses at the same time. Sun Jian, as the oldest person present, said, "Let's not toast Li Mu's birthday first. Let's toast Ying Xue first. I didn't expect the goddess of our National People's Congress to be such a heroine!

Li Mu is really f * cking lucky to find a girlfriend like her! "

So everyone expressed their agreement and toasted Su Yingxue together.

…

The atmosphere at the dinner table became more and more lively, and Taobao was ready to go online.

In a few minutes, this C2C e-commerce platform, which was at least five years ahead of the times, would officially be unveiled. It would be a mature system to the world as a whole. It was a C2C website with a considerable number of sellers and products when it went online, a B2C website with flagship brand stores when it went online, and an e-commerce website with a strong online payment channel when it went online. Although it wouldn't shock the world, it was enough to shock the domestic internet industry, which had close to a hundred million netizens.

At eight o 'clock at night, when Li Mu was still chatting and drinking with everyone, Taobao finally went online.

At eight o 'clock sharp, the real display to the public was the Mango-ME purchase link. Easy Listening website had a banner advertisement for a few days. Previously, the advertisement had been displaying Mango-ME reservations, but at eight o' clock sharp, it instantly changed to displaying the click to buy button.

A large number of users who had made Mango-ME reservations and were waiting for Mango-ME to go on sale had been refreshing the Easy Listening website's homepage since before eight o 'clock. When they finally saw the click to buy button, they immediately clicked in. At that moment, the users waiting to buy Mango-ME had the same mentality as the users waiting to get their hands on Xiaomi phones ten years later. They were extremely passionate about Mango-ME and were eager to buy it as soon as possible.

When the users clicked on the purchase link, the page instantly jumped to the Taobao website's purchase interface. According to the page's classification, the current purchase page was Taobao website — Mango Easy Listening website's flagship store — Mango-ME product details page. Here, the users could see more beautiful pictures and text introduction of Mango-ME. The eye-catching price tag was: 368 yuan (postage fee: 23 yuan).

Netizens had not really started to come into contact with online shopping yet, and online shopping was still in its infancy. Before the fierce competition among Taobao sellers, and the cost of logistics had not been greatly reduced, it was only natural for users to pay for postage for online shopping. Therefore, users were not surprised by the postage fee of 23 yuan. After all, Mango-ME looked good and cheap. Not to mention 368 yuan, even 468 yuan was still a good deal.

Many users who had been looking forward to Mango-ME for a long time began to place their orders immediately. The purchase process on Taobao website was very simple. One had to register a user first. If they were Alipay users, they could directly log in with their Alipay account without registration. Currently, there were more than 10 million Alipay users, and the cost of transferring these users to Taobao website was almost zero.

A considerable number of users who had Alipay accounts immediately logged in with their Alipay accounts. After logging in, they immediately entered the order page and filled in their delivery address, name, and contact information. The next step was to directly enter the payment interface. Once the payment was successfully made using Alipay, the purchase would be considered a success.

The user-friendly details were not only that the Alipay account could directly log in to Taobao, but the delivery address filled in by the user would also be directly stored in the user's address book to facilitate the user's next online shopping. As long as the user successfully made a purchase on Taobao website, they would have a chance to draw a prize. There was a 100% chance that they would immediately receive a redemption code for Makino Technology's YY value-added service. The lowest was a three-day YY membership, or a three-day free experience as a Blue Diamond member in the YY gaming hall. The highest was a free one-year YY membership, or 100 YY coins. Once the user successfully made the payment, they would immediately receive a gift. They could then copy the redemption code and directly redeem it in YY.

Using virtual currencies without any actual cost to stimulate consumption was a business model that Li Mu highly recommended. Currently, YY coins were very popular on the internet. Not only could they be used to purchase all kinds of YY value-added services, but they could also be used in areas such as Happy Farm and Personal Space. It had a wide range of applications.

If Li Mu had a company that specialized in soft drinks, he could simply organize a buy one YY coin promotion, and the sales would probably be shockingly high. If there were any companies that were interested in this aspect, they could also discuss it with Makino Technology. For example, if Master Kang wanted to organize a similar promotion in his product line, Makino Technology could sell tens of millions of YY coins to him at a 50% or even 30% discount. If it could increase its sales, he would definitely come back to buy it.

At this moment, the users did not start to pay attention to Taobao. They were only placing orders for Mango-MEs as fast as possible. Starting from 8: 01 am, users began to successfully purchase them one after another. The stock of 100,000 units began to decrease, and the rate of decrease was getting faster and faster.

At 8: 10 pm, half of the 100,000 units had been successfully sold. As the time node reached the time needed for a large number of users to familiarize themselves with the process, the growth of the order volume began to increase. The speed of inventory reduction reached a peak of 280 units per second. At 8: 15 pm, with the successful sale of the next Mango-ME, the 100,000 units were all sold out.

Almost everyone in the MP3 industry was paying attention to Taobao. They kept refreshing the page and watched the stock decrease rapidly. Fifteen minutes later, the Mango-ME sales page showed that it was sold out. Everyone cursed in their hearts!

No one had ever seen such a sales speed. 100,000 machines were sold out in just 15 minutes, generating 36.8 million in sales. This kind of sales speed was simply abnormal. No one in the physical retail industry had ever experienced such a speed.

Many people, including Liu Xiaodong, felt that the sales and speed were incredible. He called Li Mu ecstatically and told him that the Mango-ME was sold out in 15 minutes. He felt that everything was like a dream. Taobao had made a great start, but Li Mu felt that selling out in 15 minutes was not ridiculous.

In Boss Ma's previous life, the Double 11 event was much faster than Makino Technology. During the golden period of Xiaomi's hunger marketing, hundreds of thousands of phones were sold out in a few minutes. It was much better than the Mango-ME on Taobao. The Mango-ME was able to achieve such an unprecedented result not only because of its high price-performance ratio, but also because of the two powerful channels, YY and Easy Listening. This result was still within Li Mu's expectations. If it was sold out in five minutes, Li Mu might have been surprised.

Although the 100,000 units of Mango-ME were sold out, there were still many users browsing the purchase interface. A banner advertisement was added to the Mango-ME interface, stating that the second round of Mango-ME sales would start in 15 days. The price remained the same, 368 yuan.

To everyone's surprise, Mango-ME did not increase its price after such a perfect start!

This made the MP3 industry feel like it was the end of the world.

In fact, the people in the Internet industry were even more shocked than the people in the MP3 industry. This was because they realized that a new era was coming from Taobao!