Chapter 124

That night, Xue Jianfeng invited Sun Jian out for dinner alone.

The other three people in the dormitory teased Xue Jianfeng for only inviting Sun Jian, but Li Mu knew that Xue Jianfeng wanted to talk to Sun Jian about Chen Qiao.

When Li Mu came back from swimming, he bumped into Xue Jianfeng who was supporting Sun Jian back from outside. After asking, he found out that Sun Jian was a little drunk.

Li Mu asked him, "How much did the two of you drink?"

Xue Jianfeng spread out his hands and said, "I wanted to drink some beer at first, but when I told Brother Jian about it, he asked for some white wine. So we ordered a bottle of Erguotou and split it in half (half for each of us)."

Li Mu was a little surprised. He looked at the drunk Sun Jian and asked, "It's not a big deal. Is there a need to be like this?"

"No, the main thing is that there's something else. Let's send Brother Jian back first, I'll talk to you alone."

"Okay."

The two of them supported Sun Jian and sent him back to the dormitory to sleep. Xue Jianfeng told the brothers in the dormitory to take care of Sun Jian. If he wanted to vomit, he would get a basin and if he was thirsty, he would give him water. Hu Zhengdao patted his chest and said, "Okay, leave it to me. I've been taking care of drunkards since young. I'm almost an expert."

Xue Jianfeng nodded and said, "Thank you, Zheng Dao."

After that, he gave Li Mu a look and the two of them went downstairs to the sports field and found a corner to sit down.

"Boss is actually quite miserable," Xue Jianfeng lit up two cigarettes and passed one to Li Mu and took a puff.

Li Mu asked, "What do you mean?"

Xue Jianfeng said, "I had a girlfriend that I dated for two years in high school. They only held hands and kissed. They were very pure. The two of them made a pact to sit for the National People's Congress together. In the end, a month before the Gaokao, he found out that the girl was sleeping with his childhood friend. That year, he failed the exam. The two of them got together and went to a martial arts university. He had to repeat his studies for a year before he was admitted to our university."

Li Mu asked, "So today he mainly brought up the sad past?"

"Yes."

Xue Jianfeng nodded. "He doesn't have any feelings for Chen Qiao. It's just that during the social gathering, he felt that she wasn't bad. After we came back, we chatted through text messages. Chen Qiao didn't agree, so he didn't take it to heart. After I took the initiative to talk to him, he said that I was considerate of him. He was very grateful. Then, he thought of his childhood friend and was in a bad mood, so he drank a little more."

Li Mu nodded. "We can't help him with his feelings, but it's good that you two have talked about it."

Xue Jianfeng grunted. He hesitated for a moment and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, that night when Chen Qiao snuggled into my arms, you saw it, right?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why do you suddenly ask about this?"

Xue Jianfeng sighed. "Originally, I didn't plan to tell anyone, but I vaguely felt that you seemed to have seen it. So, that morning when I came back, I came clean with you. To be honest, I was a little dirty at that time. Now that I think about it, I feel that I'm not loyal."

Li Mu threw away the cigarette and stood up. "It's not dirty, and it's not unrighteous. It's just that if you choose not to say it, it will be a little rude." Li Mu threw away the cigarette and stood up.

Xue Jianfeng nodded. "Yes, between brothers, we must be careful."

…

It was the first weekend after the start of classes. This weekend was connected to the National Day holiday, from the 29th to the 8th of October. It had only been a week since classes started, and Li Mu was very happy. However, Li Mu didn't manage to buy a ticket back home. These few days were the peak travel times, so he discussed with Zhao Kang and decided to stay in Beijing for a few days before buying a ticket back on the 2nd.

On the 28th, Xue Jianfeng treated the girls from Room 606 and Yan University's female dormitory to a meal. During the meal, he and Chen Qiao officially announced that they were together. Sun Jian gave his blessings on the spot and didn't seem uncomfortable at all. Everyone was relieved and celebrated.

They originally planned to go karaoke at night, but Zhao Ziqiu and another girl said they wanted to go back to study, so everyone dispersed after the meal.

Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao were locals in Beijing, so after the meal, they took the bus home to spend the weekend. Xue Jianfeng bought four movie tickets and invited Chen Qiao, Hu Zhengdao, and Wang Yanan to watch a movie together.

So the two couples also left.

Zhao Ziqiu and the other two girls in the dormitory said goodbye to Li Mu and the others. In the blink of an eye, only Li Mu, Sun Jian, and Liu Nian were left.

On the way back, Sun Jian, who had been quiet all this time, suddenly said, "Li Mu, Liu Nian, you guys say, the three of them have girlfriends, but we don't. Is it because of our names?

Xue Jianfeng, Hu Zhengdao, Li Yawei, their names all have three characters, but the three of us only have two characters. "

Liu Nian smiled and said, "Brother Jian, Mu Ge doesn't want to talk about it. Otherwise, wouldn't Zhao Ziqiu have already become his girlfriend?"

Sun Jian scratched his head and said bitterly, "You're right."

Then, Sun Jian said to Li Mu, "Oh right, Li Mu, our school's Nansu Province Alumni Association is having a gathering tomorrow. It's at the wind shelter at the south gate of the school. They said it's going to be thirty yuan per person, are you interested?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Are you going to be honest?"

Sun Jian immediately understood what Li Mu meant and hurriedly said, "Just take it as accompanying me. The Alumni Association is a good place to pick up girls. Maybe I can get my own happiness there."

Since Sun Jian said so, Li Mu didn't object, "Okay, I'll go."

"Good!"

Sun Jian looked at the time and said, "What are we going to do?

It's a bit boring to go back to the dormitory now, right? "

Li Mu nodded, "Let's go to the internet cafe for a while, it's my treat."

Both of them didn't object, so they went straight to the internet cafe.

There were a few internet cafes near Renmin University, but the scale and environment of the internet cafes were very average. The three of them chose the largest internet cafe, Midnight Internet Cafe. It was crowded with more than thirty computers. Although the space was narrow and the ventilation wasn't good, it was the best in the area.

Nowadays, CS and Red Alert were very popular in internet cafes. There weren't many people playing in the Stone Age anymore. Sun Jian and Liu Nian were also CS fans. Once they arrived at the internet cafe, they looked for a room in the local area network. However, Li Mu could see that they were not good enough because they only played warehouses and didn't touch maps like the desert or the suspension bridge.

Li Mu didn't like the foul environment of internet cafes. In Yanjing, where every inch of land was expensive, the boss of an internet cafe wasn't as good as Er Bin in Haizhou. At least Er Bin got a private room on the second floor, and the environment was much better than here.

However, Li Mu also saw a business opportunity. Nowadays, it was easy to get an internet cafe ID. If he opened a high-end internet cafe, it would be very popular. Currently, the internet fees in Yanjing were not low. Even with such an environment, it would still cost three yuan per hour. A night from twelve at night to eight in the morning would cost twenty yuan. Basically, the machines in the internet cafe would not be idle all day long.

A rough calculation showed that the profits of internet cafes were shocking. If a computer was used for 20 hours a day, 12 hours would be charged by the hour, and 8 hours for the night, that would be 56 yuan. How high was the cost of a computer?

The number of computers in a batch would not exceed five or six thousand, and that was already very good.

Five or six thousand for a computer, and the profit would at most cover the cost in half a year. If it wasn't a huge profit, what was it?

Li Mu suddenly thought that when he had a certain amount of cash on hand, it would be good to open an internet cafe to earn some pocket money. At least there would be a place to play.

In the past few days, Li Mu hadn't paid much attention to the Easy Listening website and Tieba. Although the dormitory was connected to the internet, he couldn't use the computer to do anything serious these days. The main reason was that there were many people in the dormitory, and there were many people fighting for the computer, so he didn't join in.

At noon today, Kong Lingyu called and said that the traffic of the Easy Listening website had reached the 1.5 million mark. The Tieba was even more impressive. The unique traffic of the Tieba was more than two million every day. It was simply a miracle.

The Tieba had also opened celebrity Tieba in other fields. The slightly famous stars in the fields of film and television, sports, variety shows, and entertainment all had their own Tieba. These celebrity Tieba also attracted a large number of netizens to participate.

A few days ago, the homepage of the Tieba also opened a service to build their own Tieba. Netizens could search for keywords themselves. If there was no Tieba for the keywords, they could apply to build the Tieba.

After a few initiatives, although the Tieba started late, it began to soar after the Easy Listening website incubated the singer Tieba. Now, it was far from what the Easy Listening website could compare to.

The Tieba was now very popular. Not only did netizens like it, but the industry insiders were also very concerned. There were even some celebrities who were smart enough to realize that they needed to maintain their own Tieba and their fan base. Therefore, they would even take the initiative to join the Tieba. The development of the Tieba was now riding on a rocket.

But the rapid development also brought about huge problems.

The biggest problem was the funds.

The technical maintenance of the Tieba required a larger technical team, stronger hardware support, recruitment, and additional servers. These were all costs. Moreover, the content maintenance of the Tieba also required a large number of part-time staff and a small number of full-time staff. The cost of this was also very high.

The hundreds of thousands in the Easy Listening website's account had been used up a few days ago.

Li Mu urgently transferred 100,000 yuan from his savings to the Easy Listening website's account.

He did not want to trouble the people of Simple Planning to pay for him because this project was no longer a simple music audio-visual website planning. The subsequent investment would be more and more, and he had to rely on capital to solve this problem.

Li Mu felt that it was time to get Series A financing. After getting the money, the Tieba could enter the mode of burning money for promotion. At that time, its development would definitely be faster.

However, before getting Series A, there were two most important questions: Who to get, and how much to get.

Different investors would have different valuations for the Tieba. On this point, one could not just choose the one with the higher valuation. Instead, one had to consider the level of resource exchange and the overall evaluation of the investor's strength. Those who only gave money and did not contribute were naturally not as good as those who gave money and contributed. As for how much money and how much effort they gave, they also needed to compare.

Moreover, different investors had different ambitions. Some investors felt that it was good enough to get on the bus, so their requirements for the shares were not too high. Generally, it was within 10%. However, some investors felt that just getting on the bus was not enough. They also needed to have a certain say, so they would have higher requirements for the shares. These also had to be weighed.

From the perspective of Li Mu's expectations, he would prefer to get Baidu's money.

This was because a huge amount of traffic could be directly transferred to the Tieba. After all, the Tieba was originally a product of Baidu. Under the platform of Baidu, it was the best soil for its survival.