Chapter 1570

For Jorge Mendes's agency, Li Mu did not expect to have a controlling stake. For a free economic company like him, the controlling stake itself did not make sense. The best way was to tie him up with interests and make him willing to be used by himself.

Jorge Mendes listened to Li Mu's words and understood what Li Mu really wanted. 20% of the shares was just to show his sincerity. Li Mu did not care about the interests behind the 20% shares. What he wanted was to let him stand in line.

Although Li Mu had just entered the Premier League market and had just bought a second-rate club, Manchester City, Jorge Mendes was unswerving in his heart to take all his assets and become Li Mu's ship. He knew that if he continued to mix in European football, he would only be a top football agent in the end, and there would be no other development possibilities. But if he became Li Mu's partner, it was tantamount to opening up unlimited potential and possibilities in the future.

So, Jorge Mendes almost did not hesitate to say to Li Mu, "Mr Li, I have no opinion on your cooperation plan, and I also look forward to in-depth cooperation with you."

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "Then it's settled. If I have any players I want in the future, I'll leave them all to you to help me solve."

Jorge Mendes immediately agreed and said, "No problem at all. You can ask your legal department to give me a template for the equity transfer agreement. I can sign it at any time."

Li Mu was very satisfied with Jorge Mendes's attitude. He said with a smile, "There's no hurry. I'll get people ready. When the time comes, we'll wait for Cristiano's transfer contract to be signed."

"Good!"

Jorge Mendes's face was overflowing with excitement, and he said excitedly, "I'll talk to Manchester United later today. Tomorrow, your CEO can go to Manchester United to solve the follow-up problems."

With that, Jorge Mendes added, "By the way, Mr. Li, I reckon that with Sir Ferguson's style of doing things, he will not be willing to suffer such a loss. This also means that he is likely to do everything possible to keep Cristiano at Manchester United and prevent the Manchester City Football Club from triggering his breach of contract. At that time, they are likely to appeal to the Football Association. If they really appeal, it will be a process of wrangling. If they really try their best to keep Cristiano, it is likely that they will use the Football Association to delay it until the summer transfer window closes."

Li Mu frowned and asked, "Is there such an operation?"

"In theory, it is feasible," Jorge Mendes said very seriously.

Jorge Mendes said very seriously, "Manchester United's style of doing things is very tough. Not only Ferguson, but also the capital behind Manchester United. Their network and influence in the United Kingdom are very strong. Even if it is completely based on the reasonable operation of the contract, they can simply make up a reason to appeal or protest to the Football Association, so we have to be prepared in advance."

Li Mu pondered for a moment and nodded slightly. He thought to himself that if Manchester United really wanted to play this way, then he would ask Prince William for help and throw the matter directly to the royal family to solve. If they could not even handle this small matter, then he would have to re-examine his future cooperation with them.

Immediately, Li Mu said to Jorge Mendes, "I will be ready for this. If they really do this, I will not let them succeed."

Jorge Mendes nodded. He naturally believed in Li Mu's strength. In fact, he already had a solution in mind. Li Mu could get the precious GBE medal from the royal family, which meant that the relationship between the royal family and Li Mu must be very close. Perhaps the royal family was very eager to be able to build a closer relationship with Li Mu. With the help of the British royal family behind the scenes, the Football Association could still solve this small matter.

However, Jorge Mendes also knew that although he knew the solution to this kind of matter, it was best not to take the initiative to say it in front of Li Mu at the moment. His and Li Mu's levels were too far apart. If he said it, it would become him teaching Li Mu how to do things. Moreover, Li Mu could probably think of asking the royal family for help. If Li Mu really could not think of this, he would then remind him obscurely.

After negotiating Ronaldo's transfer and the cooperation between Makino Technology and Jorge Mendes, Li Mu said to Jorge Mendes, "By the way, I still have a few young players I'm interested in. Help me communicate with their situation as soon as possible. It's best to sign them all before the money back window closes in the summer."

Jorge Mendes hurriedly took out a pen and notepad from his pocket and said, "Mr. Lee, you can just say the name and the team they are currently playing for. I will immediately communicate with their clubs when I go back."

Li Mu said, "I want Everton's Wayne Rooney."

"Rooney?"

Jorge Mendes said with a slightly admiring expression, "Mr. Lee, you really have a good eye. Rooney has great potential and has already emerged at Everton. There are already some sporadic voices that if he maintains this state, he may be the next leader of English football in the future."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "What do you think of using Rooney to partner with Cristiano in the forward line?"

Jorge Mendes's eyes lit up and he blurted out, "The two of them are about the same age, their skills are also very solid, and they are both relatively fast and have a keen sense of smell in front of goal. If the two of them are partners, after a period of tacit training and training, it should have a very good effect."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then help me talk to Everton. If possible, it would be best to send one of the current Manchester City strikers over to offset part of the transfer fee."

Jorge Mendes immediately agreed and said, "I'll talk to Everton as soon as possible."

Li Mu then said, "In addition to Wayne Rooney, I also have two players I'm interested in. One is Alger Robben of Eindhoven Football Club in the Netherlands, and the other is Luka Modric of Dinamo Zagreb Football Club in Croatia."

Jorge Mendes could not help but be a little surprised when he heard this. It was already surprising that a busy man like Li Mu could pay attention to the Premier League, but he did not expect him to also pay attention to the Eredivisie and the Croatian league, especially the latter, which even he had not paid much attention to.

Despite being surprised, Jorge Mendes still answered very professionally, "Mr. Lee, I've heard of Alger Robben that you mentioned. It seems that Chelsea is more interested in him and are talking about his transfer to Chelsea next year. The transfer fee is estimated to be about eight million pounds. If Robben plays well in the Eredivisie this season, the price should rise a little more. As for Modric, to be honest, I haven't heard of him. I still need to ask around before I know."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Rooney, Robben and Modric. Get all three of them."

"No problem, I'll sign them all as you instructed!"

Li Mu said, "As soon as possible. There are only a few days left before the summer transfer window closes."

Jorge Mendes asked Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, when will you announce your ownership of the Manchester City Football Club?"

The transfer of a star player was not only about money, but also about attractiveness. With Manchester City's current strength, players like Modric and Robben who played outside the top five leagues were still somewhat attractive, but it was not necessarily the case for a player like Rooney.

The Manchester City Football Club was not famous in the Premier League, far worse than the Manchester United team in the same city. However, if Li Mu announced to the public that he was the new owner of Manchester City, then the reputation of Manchester City could quickly rise a lot. Therefore, Jorge Mendes wanted to know if Li Mu decided to announce the news to the public. If he decided, when would he announce it. This had a great impact on the three players that Li Mu wanted.

Li Mu said to Jorge Mendes, "I have to fly back to Hua Xia in three hours. After the plane takes off, this news will be officially announced to the public."

Jorge Mendes breathed a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "That couldn't be better!"

After everything was settled, Jorge Mendes and Ronaldo left the Manchester City team's training base.

After the two men got in the car, Jorge Mendes was not in a hurry to send Ronaldo back. Instead, he drove the car out of the Manchester City team's training base and headed in the opposite direction.

In the car, Jorge Mendes said to Ronaldo, "Don't say anything after you go back today. If Ferguson finds you, don't say anything either. If he asks you, you tell him that you have given all the decision-making power to me. No matter what decision I make, you will accept it unconditionally. In this way, you don't have to worry about the rest of the things."

Ronaldo nodded gently and said, "Okay, Mr. Mendes, I understand."

Jorge Mendes smiled with satisfaction and said, "Ferguson will definitely find a way to stabilize you. In tomorrow's game, he may even directly let you play in the starting lineup to show his respect for you. At that time, you just have to go all out to play. The more brilliant you play, the better."

Ronaldo immediately said, "Okay, I will do my best."

…

After sending Ronaldo and Jorge Mendes off, Li Mu looked at the time and said to the team's CEO and manager, "Let the first team's main players come to the conference room later. I will meet with them."

CEO Alistair immediately nodded and whispered a few words in the manager's ear. Then the manager immediately got up and left the conference room.

As the new owner of the team, Li Mu naturally had to formally meet with the team members and announce his ownership of the club in person. Then he would talk about the direction of the club's development.