Chapter 893

At nine o'clock that night.

YY officially launched PayPal globally. PayPal used a settlement strategy that was completely parallel to Alipay. Alipay was used to support all RMB settlements, while PayPal was used to support all non-RMB settlements.

At the same time as PayPal, YY's new membership value-added service was launched. This set of membership value-added services was a world of difference from the previous single membership standard. In particular, there were various wireless service packages that could meet the special needs of everyone. Moreover, the actual amount of payment was very little.

In the United States, any office software could cost hundreds of dollars. Some anti-virus software could cost tens or even hundreds of dollars a year to activate. A premium email could even cost a few dollars a month. Therefore, for American users, YY's membership value-added service was simply the most cost-effective value-added service on the entire Internet. Although they had launched a more expensive value-added service, the various services provided were also growing at the same time. Moreover, there was no coercion, so there would be no resistance from users.

As soon as YY completed its adjustments, Li Mu immediately attempted to register and log in to the overseas server. He checked the membership value-added service page and the flow of PayPal payments. Everything was very smooth, and there were no incompatibilities.

This was the first time YY had taken the initiative to make adjustments to the overseas market. Li Mu believed that this move would definitely increase YY's favorability with overseas users. This was the same for all consumers. They were happy to see businesses or product developers make changes and optimizations to their products according to their needs. The more they felt valued, the more favorable the company and product would be.

At this time, there was no immediate response from the American market.

Most of the elites had not started work for the day due to the time difference. Li Mu decided to connect YY to PayPal and fully upgrade the membership value-added service at ten o'clock in the morning local time in San Francisco and Washington. At this time, the elites must have already started work for the day. Moreover, YY was one of their most important office tools, so it must be kept open at this time. As long as there was a pop-up notification at this time, this kind of pop-up advertisement that would remain in the lower right corner until it was closed would definitely attract the attention of all users.

After Li Mu handed over all the work, he returned home to rest. Although he was looking forward to the feedback from the US market, after all, there was a time difference. It was better to wait until he woke up before paying attention to the overseas feedback.

The eastern part of the United States, where New York and Washington were located, was three hours earlier than the western part of the United States, where San Francisco was located. It was 11 o 'clock in the evening in Beijing, which was exactly 10 o' clock in the morning in Washington.

A large number of white-collar workers and gold-collar workers in New York were already sitting in front of their computers and working for the whole day. Today's work was no different from the past. Everyone was still working at their own pace.

YY was a symbolic product of the white-collar class. It was now very common among the elites in New York. Everyone would log into their YY account subconsciously after turning on the computer before starting their day's work.

At 10 o 'clock sharp, a pop-up notification popped up in everyone's YY channel. The overview of the message immediately attracted the attention of all overseas YY users.

"Dear American users, we are pleased to inform you that YY has fully supported PayPal payments. At the same time, in order to better meet your needs, we have carried out a comprehensive upgrade to support more customization options for our members. For more information, please click here …"

Although this was a push for US users, the pop-up notification would continue to be pushed to users all over the world. Starting from New York, the notification would be pushed to the login IP of overseas users at 10 o 'clock in the morning in Beijing, which was 10 o' clock in the morning in Tokyo and Seoul. Users in Japan and South Korea would receive the relevant push tomorrow. At 10 o 'clock the next morning, the notification would be sent to VIP users in China.

Most of the users in China were ordinary users, so the proportion of members who paid for YY was not high. However, Li Mu did not want to deeply develop the value-added service. The environment had not yet arrived. Excessive enthusiasm would cause resentment among users. If the notification popped up every few days for users to upgrade to VIP, it would be harmful to most users.

…

When the white-collar workers in New York's major office buildings saw the YY pop-up notification, they were delighted at first glance.

YY supported PayPal payments!

This meant that it would be much more convenient for everyone to top up their YY membership. They no longer needed to go to eBay to top up for help.

In addition, a foreign software connected to China's payment channel would bring a great sense of vanity to the users in China. It was just like how the Apple App Store finally supported Alipay after many years. For Hua Xia users, not only was it much more convenient, but they would also have a better impression of the Apple App Store.

Moreover, this time, YY did not only support PayPal payments. More importantly, YY had carried out a comprehensive upgrade to the member's value-added service!

For the elites in the United States, they had always felt that the privileges of YY membership were not enough. Some people had to send a lot of offline files every day, some needed to create more groups, some needed longer video call times, and so on. Everyone had always hoped for a customized system so that everyone could customize it according to their own needs.

After users clicked on the details page curiously, they found that this time, YY's membership value-added service had directly jumped from version 1.0 to version 5.0. This was because Makino Technology was just like the American telecommunications operators. They had introduced a variety of monthly services for customers, and all the service orders were clearly marked with price tags. It was equivalent to directly changing a convenience store that only sold instant noodles into a completely self-service restaurant.

The amount of each seasoning in the instant noodles was fixed, and the amount of deep-fried dough cake was also fixed. Users could eat more than they wanted, but it was impossible to add more if they wanted to, unless they bought another box to go with it themselves.

All the food in the self-service restaurant was listed separately. Users could eat whatever they wanted and how much they wanted. If there was not enough, they could order more until they were full.

Therefore, these two service models represented a world of difference to the users.

This immediately caused the users in New York to be excited, because they realized that this was simply f * cking awesome!

All their needs were solved in one step by YY. Although the various increased services also meant an increase in the price, for them, this amount of money was nothing at all. A few dollars or even a dozen dollars a month could greatly improve their work efficiency. For these white-collar workers with a monthly salary of thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars, it was simply a bargain.

Less than 24 hours ago, all the elites in the United States felt the same way. She was the first American to directly speak to YY in the media, and she was also a very influential editor-in-chief in the field of IT technology media. Everyone hoped that her article would be seen by Makino Technology and Li Mu. It would be best if Li Mu paid enough attention to it and provided more customized services to its members according to their needs.

However, they did not expect that in less than a day, Hua Xia's people would respond with practical actions!

At first, the users in New York thought that this should be an effective appeal. However, some people soon figured out the time difference. No matter how simple PayPal's payment access was, it was not something that could be achieved in a day. Moreover, such a complex value-added service customization standard, even if it could be determined in a day, it would be difficult to develop the entire set of standards into the product within a day. Therefore, from this point of time, it seemed that Hua Xia's people had been planning to do this at least a few days ago.

After understanding this, the users in New York and in the same time zone as New York could not help but sigh. YY was indeed the world's most amazing product. Their product thinking was too advanced, and the concept was extremely focused. It could be summed up in one word: user first!

The entire product surprised the users at all times. Not only did they develop product functions that the users did not dare to imagine before, but they also created effects that the users did not dare to imagine based on the product functions that the users could imagine. The latest member value-added service system was the most typical example. Users only wanted one more on the basis of one, but YY directly placed hundreds or thousands of them in front of the users. "Use it however you want, use it however you want."

When he left for work, it was already 12: 30 am in New York. It was just 9: 30 am in Silicon Valley on the west coast of the United States.

He lived in a business community near Silicon Valley. It took less than 20 minutes to drive to the office. He left at 9: 30 am. Just as he sat in the car, before he started the engine, he suddenly received a call from his assistant. Over the phone, his assistant said hurriedly, "Ben, YY has already supported Paypal!"

"How is that possible …" He subconsciously blurted out, "Not to mention the process of going through the contract, just the development of the payment page and debugging of the interface would take a few days to complete. I just published that article yesterday …"

The assistant said, "It's absolutely true!

Not only do they support Paypal payments, but they also launched a very complete and highly customizable member value-added service system. It's much more complete than the suggestions in your article. "

He sighed and said, "That Li Mu is simply a genius!

He must have thought ahead of me long ago!

That article of mine was just asking to be humiliated … "

The assistant said, "That's not really asking to be humiliated. I can only say that you are both very good and thought of the same thing."

He was quite pleased with this sentence. He felt very happy and asked, "Oh right, did you test it?

Is the payment system working smoothly? "

The assistant said, "I haven't received the push from YY yet. They officially push the news from the user's IP address at 10 am local time. They already received the push two and a half hours ago in New York. I asked my friends in New York, and they said it was very easy to use. They also told me about the member value-added service system. Hurry to the office, you should receive the push in about 20 minutes!"

He subconsciously started the car and blurted out, "I'll be there soon!"