Chapter 975

In just 20 minutes, Li Mu lost three games to Zhao Xianliang in a row.

Maybe Li Mu's level was too low, or maybe Zhao Xianliang's chess moves were too powerful. In short, Li Mu was no match for Zhao Xianliang at all. Every move of Zhao Xianliang's was very far-sighted, and the strategic planning contained in it was also something that Li Mu could not see through at all. Therefore, Zhao Xianliang made a small set of moves every three and a big set of moves every five, which made Li Mu unable to deal with it.

After losing three games in a row, Li Mu praised while arranging the chess pieces, "Uncle Zhao, your chess skills are much better than mine. I'm no match for you at all."

Zhao Xianliang laughed and asked Li Mu, "Think about it carefully. Do you often give your opponents such a feeling in business?"

Li Mu said very modestly, "I'm not as far-sighted as you, Uncle Zhao. The reason why I can have today's situation is mostly because of luck and opportunities."

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "You don't have to be so humble when we're just chatting. I had a meal with Minister Chen yesterday, and even he was full of praise for you. He said that you're the most impressive young man he's ever seen, and also the one with the brightest future. Even he gave you such a high evaluation, which proves that the outside world still has great recognition of your abilities."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Uncle Zhao, which Minister Chen are you talking about?"

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Chen Ze's father. Don't you have a good relationship with Chen Ze? I heard that you have a lot of cooperation in many aspects?"

Li Mu understood now. It turned out that Zhao Xianliang came to Yanjing this time to meet with the higher-ups. Moreover, Li Mu was also very surprised that Zhao Xianliang could meet Chen Ze's father directly and have a meal together. This also showed the level of Zhao Xianliang's strength to a large extent.

Therefore, Li Mu simply stopped pretending to be modest and said sincerely, "Uncle Zhao, in fact, the reason why I can always win against others is the same as why you can always win against me. I know more about the Internet industry than ordinary people. Others see three moves before they make a move, but I see five, ten, or even thirty moves. I always see further than my opponent, and this is the key to defeating my opponent."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly and said, "Your current status is not only in the Internet industry, but also in the private enterprises in the country. With your status here, you don't need to be too modest most of the time. You must have the domineering attitude that you should have."

Then, Zhao Xianliang said, "Next time when someone asks you why you are so powerful, don't be modest and say it's because of opportunity and luck. Just tell him what you just told me."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I understand, Uncle Zhao. I will pay more attention in the future."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly. At this time, the flags of both sides had been set. He asked Li Mu, "Who should go first?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "The fourth game, it's your turn."

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Okay, then I'll go first."

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang sent his "Xiang" flying first.

Li Mu did not understand why Zhao Xianliang sent his Xiang first instead of the cannon, soldiers, and chariots. He thought that Zhao Xianliang was deliberately letting him go, so he directly used his old and most familiar trick to deal with it.

"Open the cannon!"

In this game, Li Mu lost much faster than any of the previous games.

When Li Mu handed over the flag, Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Shooting the cannon first is to attack, sending the soldiers first is also to attack, jumping the horse first is also to attack, but flying the Xiang first is for defense. Many people think that the first move must be to go all out to seize the offensive advantage, but Master Hu Ronghua thinks that a game of chess is a battle, not a battle. Since it is a battle, don't pursue speed. First stabilize your defense, let yourself be invincible, and fight steadily to win in the end."

Li Mu hurriedly nodded and said, "What you said makes sense. I have learned a lot …"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and suddenly asked Li Mu, "Have you ever thought about your future development positioning?"

Li Mu said, "The next development positioning is actually around Makino Technology and Taobao Network."

Zhao Xianliang simply stopped arranging the chess pieces, picked up the cigar box from the desk next to him, and asked Li Mu, "Do you want one?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I can't play this."

Zhao Xianliang took out a limited edition pack of Panda cigarettes, handed one to Li Mu, and put one in his mouth. He said to Li Mu, "I don't think you are in the mood to play chess with me. Why don't we talk? If possible, tell me more about your future development positioning."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In fact, I don't have too many ideas. At present, there are two core industries, one is Makino Technology, and the other is Taobao Network. Almost all the plans in the future will be carried out around these two core industries."

Then, Li Mu said, "In terms of nature, I am inclined to make Taobao Network the largest e-commerce platform in Hua Xia, with more than 100 million users. To make Makino Technology a real world-class enterprise, not only the market value should reach the world-class scale, but more importantly, the product and influence itself should reach the world-class level."

Zhao Xianliang asked Li Mu, "Among the companies under you in the future, who do you think will have the highest market value?"

"Makino Technology." Li Mu answered almost without hesitation.

Makino Technology's target was Tencent Training in the future, but the overall structure was more complete and mature than Tencent Training. At the very least, YY was already popular among the elites of the world. Once YY became a world-class software in the future, it would completely jump out of the template of Tencent Training in his previous life, and start a "global Tencent Training" development model, so there was a lot of room for development.

YY had a chance to become a world-class software; Paradise Town and Plants vs Zombies also had a chance to become world-class popular games; when the future of the mobile Internet arrived, if "WeChat" products could also become world-class, then Makino Technology would really be in the sky, and its market value would surpass Facebook and Google in his previous life.

On the other hand, Taobao Network's room for development was indeed a bit awkward. It was almost impossible for it to become a real world-class e-commerce platform. It could only rely on the huge population of Hua Xia to become a world-class e-commerce platform, but only for Hua Xia users. Boss Ma had painstakingly built up his overseas influence in his previous life, frequently giving speeches at universities overseas, and meeting with foreign dignitaries, but every product under his banner was actually benefiting from the population of Hua Xia.

Helping local companies and individuals sell their products to the people of the country, helping overseas companies sell their products to Hua Xia, but not having the ability to help Hua Xia companies sell their products overseas. This was the crux of Boss Ma's problem.

Li Mu also clearly understood the limitations of Taobao Network's development. If Taobao was developed into Taobao + JD.com in his previous life, its market value would never be comparable to Makino Technology, unless it was developed into Amazon. However, a company like Amazon was not something that anyone could do, it needed a strong relationship with the overseas market. Li Mu spoke from the bottom of his heart. From the looks of it, Amazon could only become a world-class e-commerce platform in the US, it was impossible in any other country.

Whether it was Europe, Japan, or Korea, no company in any country could be like Amazon, expanding their B2C business all over the world.

Countries that could operate aircraft carriers and military bases all over the world could expand their B2C e-commerce business all over the world. Therefore, Li Mu believed that in this life, Amazon could still become a world-class e-commerce company, but his own Taobao would still not be able to find a breakthrough in Hua Xia's territory.

After Li Mu hid some information from his previous life, he briefly explained his analysis to Zhao Xianliang. After Zhao Xianliang heard it, he almost clapped his hands in praise. He said to Li Mu, "Minister Chen told me his opinion yesterday. He analyzed your current companies from the political, economic, and development perspectives, and his opinion is almost exactly the same as yours."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Really?"

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "He also thinks that it is difficult for you to copy Taobao's model to the developed countries in the world. The country's ideology, international status, and situation are huge potential problems. This in itself is a huge limitation for you. Therefore, he also thinks that you should focus on Makino Technology."

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang suddenly became serious and said, "I talked to Minister Chen. He said that the attention that the higher-ups are paying to you is unprecedented in the field of entrepreneurs. This means that you are now the most important entrepreneur in the country. And your company is also the most important enterprise in the country. Therefore, I hope that from today onwards, you can have a new development goal."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Uncle Zhao, what is the new development goal that you are talking about?"

Zhao Xianliang said word by word, "The national business card!"

After that, Zhao Xianliang explained again, "Whether it is for you or for your company, you must put this development goal in an important position. You must create a strong enough influence in the world, so that you and your company can become a business card in the national business field. At that time, your achievements will be unreachable by anyone!"

Li Mu nodded thoughtfully and asked, "You mean that in the future, I will make it a long-term goal to become a business card of the country..."

Zhao Xianliang smiled faintly and said, "Not only do you have to treat it as a goal, but you also have to do it practically. Don't always think about setting up cannons, sending out troops, jumping out of the horse, and killing your way out of the chariot. You also have to think about supporting the Xiang Heshi. Only with one halo after another can you become stronger."

Seeing that Li Mu did not seem to understand, Zhao Xianliang simply said, "Let me give you an example. For example, if you want to develop the overseas market, don't always sit in the office and give orders. Sometimes, you also have to go out to the developed countries, accept interviews from the authoritative media of the developed countries, and spread your corporate image and values to the governments, media, and people of the developed countries. Make yourself a business card in the national business field and take the initiative to send it to more people to increase your exposure!"

…