Chapter 1055

The "Top Campus Belle List" was in full swing, and the "Thanksgiving Day Global Competition" was pursued by tens of millions of players. Li Mu had made the most perfect preparation for the explosion of YY in the United States.

Industry insiders had been closely watching Paradise Town's every move. They knew that once the final attack began, the first shot would be fired in Paradise Town.

The entire American Internet industry was waiting for Li Mu to launch the final attack on the American Internet.

That morning, Paradise Town suddenly released a system message to the entire game. Li Mu used the three major methods to direct traffic from Paradise Town to YY, and it immediately caused a huge wave in the user group of Paradise Town.

The big gift package that could increase the speed of the Thanksgiving Day Competition attracted all the players who were interested in the Thanksgiving Day Competition.

The new "Research and Development Center" was something that all the users yearned for. With it, they would be able to produce high-level items that couldn't be bought with cash. This would be a great boost to the game, and it would also greatly improve the gameplay of the game.

If the Thanksgiving Day Competition Gift Package attracted players who were interested in the competition itself, then the "R&D Center" attracted every player in Paradise Town. It was like a superweapon in the game Red Alert. It would be fine if it was not open for use, but once it was open, everyone would be eager to use it.

Li Mu was not worried that the "R&D Center" would destroy the balance of the game. If only a few players were to use a heaven-defying tool, it would definitely break the balance. However, if all the players were to use it, it would be fairer.

It was like a computer game. If the background of the game was cold weapons like Age of Empires, adding modern firearms to individual players would make the game unplayable. However, if every player was given modern firearms, the fairness of the game would be guaranteed. This was because the game would become a red alert.

Li Mu's prediction was right. The "R&D Center" was a heaven-defying tool that almost all the players in Paradise Town went crazy. For the sake of the "R&D Center", they had to download and register YY, then bind their Paradise Town accounts to exchange for the "R&D Center".

Tens of millions of users downloaded and registered YY within a day. The first thing they did after the registration was bind Paradise Town. At this time, two things happened that excited all the users of Paradise Town.

First, after the binding was successful, the user interface of Paradise Town immediately popped up a notification that the "R&D Center" had appeared in the building column and could be built at any time.

Second, after the binding was successful, the user interface of Paradise Town, which had no friends at all, suddenly started adding friends like crazy. The number of friends in the friend list started increasing from zero!

The users were still wondering if there was a problem with the software, but when they looked carefully at the nicknames that kept appearing in the friend list, they realized that these people were their friends in Paradise Town.

More importantly, the game "Paradise Town" had a particularly high requirement for the number of friends. Therefore, the network that users established for the game was much more complicated than the normal social network established on MSN and ICQ. If a user had 100 MSN friends, then he would have at least 150 friends on "Paradise Town".

Therefore, when they found that so many friends appeared in YY, every user was both shocked and surprised.

Interestingly, the users of Paradise Town were quickly attracted by these three strategies, and then swarmed to download and register YY. Therefore, the proportion of friends online was very high. When users found that there were so many friends online in YY, it suddenly gave users the motivation to use YY to chat with friends.

What was really powerful was YY itself.

For ordinary users who had never come into contact with YY and had only used MSN and ICQ, the first time they came into contact with YY, the first time they came into contact with group chat, discussion group, video chat, video group chat, YY cartoon show, chat history roaming, offline file transfer, and so on, they immediately felt that YY, MSN, and ICQ were not products of the same era.

And the most important thing was that they did not need to use YY to actively add any friends. It had already transplanted all the friends they had accumulated in Paradise Town to YY, and those friends were also online in YY. In this way, there was no reason to use MSN and ICQ again!

The war started at nine o 'clock in the morning, and by nine o' clock in the evening, after only 12 hours, YY had already converted 95% of the more than 50 million daily active users of Paradise Town, allowing YY to increase its users by nearly 50 million in 12 hours.

At this time, the number of registered users of Paradise Town had exceeded 100 million, reaching 120 million. Among them, there were not only American users, but also a large number of Canadian, European, Japanese, and Korean users. This kind of game that relied on social relations to operate was really amazing.

Among the 120 million users, there were 50 million daily active users and 100 million weekly active users. In other words, if YY was given a week's time, it could convert the 100 million users in Paradise Town into 95 million YY users.

In addition, once YY began to popularize the ordinary user group, a large number of ordinary users became YY's free promoters. In any person's friend list, there would be more online users than users who played Paradise Town. This also meant that every Paradise Town player who became a YY user had some friends who had not played Paradise Town, so they did not have the opportunity to receive relevant YY messages. At this time, these pioneers of YY played a great role in promotion. They would spare no effort to persuade their friends to try YY, and once their friends tried YY, more than 90% of the users would be completely captured by YY.

The speed of YY's development in the United States was similar to the speed of WeChat's development in China. Back then, because WeChat could support voice messages and could directly add WeChat friends from the QQ friend list, a large number of users who were obsessed with voice messages helped Zhang Xiaolong spread the news, adding friends from QQ and real life to WeChat one after another, starting a new voice chat experience. This scene was now happening in the United States.

"Hey, have you used YY?"

"No, what is YY?"

"What?

You haven't used YY?

Oh my god!

Then you must give it a try. This software is really, really easy to use! "

"What the hell is YY?"

"YY is an instant messaging software, similar to MSN and ICQ."

"Then I don't need to try it. I can use MSN."

"Believe me, if you have used YY, you will find that MSN is a pile of sh * t!

Also, didn't you notice that the number of your MSN friends online is decreasing? "

"Eh, you are right … Usually, there would be at least 20 to 30 people online at this time. Why are there only seven or eight now? Strange."

"That's because they are all playing YY!

I don't plan to go on MSN anymore!

Today is the last time. Inform a few friends who don't have YY to quickly register and add my YY account! "

…

"Hey, what's your YY account?

My old classmates from middle school started a YY group, and they all want me to add you! "

"What YY account?

What's a YY group? "

"You still don't know about YY?"

"I don't know …"

"Oh my god, you are really behind the times!

YY is an instant messaging software. Hurry up and download it, then register an account and send your number to me so I can add you into the classmate group. Out of our 33 classmates in high school, 31 have already joined! "

"Classmate group?

Can there be a lot of people chatting together? "

"Yeah, a group chat is when everyone gathers online to chat. The atmosphere is especially lively. Hurry up!"

…

Li Mu used the same old trick. Back then, he used "Happy Farm" to incubate YY in China. Now, he wanted to use the same method to push YY to the top in the overseas market.

YY swept through the entire American Internet at an unprecedented speed. In the first 12 hours, the Internet product gained nearly 50 million users. In the first 24 hours, it gained a total of more than 60 million users. This speed could be said to be unprecedented and would not be matched in the future.

Even Li Mu himself thought that after the rapid rise of YY this time, the Internet industry would never see such a speed again. More than 60 million new users in 24 hours was likely to be a masterpiece.

Even Li Mu himself was not confident that he could replicate this speed again. With the continuous development of the Internet, the variety and number of products increased, and the focus of users became more and more scattered. In this way, the number of users that a single product could reach would be greatly reduced. By that time, no product could have such appeal.

Muye Technology released all the data to the major media in the United States as soon as possible. The major media in the United States, who had been paying attention to YY, immediately published the figure of 60 million in their latest reports after receiving the data and related evidence.

For the whole day, almost all the news programs on the TV stations could hear different anchors repeatedly saying the same few keywords in the same shocked tone:

"Muye-Technology" – Makino Technology;

"YY";

"24-Hours" – 24 hours;

"600,000,000" – 60 million;

On the front page of almost every newspaper, the eye-catching words "60,000,000" could be seen. At the same time, it was accompanied by a huge exclamation mark. The mainstream American media had lost their previous arrogance and pride. In their reports, they were full of praise for the speed of YY's development and the results YY had achieved in the United States.

When the number of 60 million was reported by the media, it almost scared the knowledgeable American elites out of their wits …

…