Chapter 46

"If I could do it all over again, I would choose Li Bai.

At least I could still write some poems and tease the girls.

If I could do it all over again, I would choose Li Bai.

My creations could also reach such a high level and be worshipped by so many people.

If I could do it all over again … "

Li Mu made some adjustments to the arrangement of this song. He didn't add an epilogue after the last line, "If I could do it all over again." Instead, after this line was sung, all the instruments stopped at the same time, and the song ended.

This kind of unexpected arrangement made everyone who was immersed in it surprised. They suddenly realized that it actually ended so quickly. All of them felt that it was not enough, but they still couldn't help but clap. The screams of the girls had already filled the entire stadium.

The judges were also excited, especially the deputy music director from a record company from Yanjing.

Zhang Kexuan was extremely excited. He brought his three friends and bowed to the audience together. He didn't expect that it would cause the girls to scream again.

The host went on stage and asked the judges to give their scores. They didn't expect that out of five people, four of them were 9's, and one of them was 8's. Simple Plan's total score was 27's, the highest score in the venue.

The judges also praised the melody and arrangement of this song. The deputy music director from Yanjing was not stingy with his praise. "This song of yours is very good. Not only is the melody nice, but it's also very easy to remember. I believe this song will definitely be widely sung in the future. To be honest, before I came to Jinling, I didn't expect to be able to hear such a good original song. The lead singer's voice is also very good, and the external conditions are also very good. If you have other excellent original songs, I think I will definitely consider signing you first!"

Zhang Kexuan and the others were extremely excited. They thanked the judges, bowed to the audience again, and turned to leave the stage.

Everyone around them was talking about the performance of Simple Plan just now. This kind of instant appearance also shocked them quite a lot.

From the attitude of the judges and the audience, it was certain that Simple Plan's performance this time was amazing.

At this moment, Chen Wan leaned forward, held her chin, and looked at Li Mu from the side. Like a crazy fan, she said, "You're too good!"

Li Mu blinked and said, "It's just so-so. Let's go. I don't want to suffer here."

The four people who had a simple plan were so excited that they packed up the instruments and came out. As soon as they saw Li Mu, the four people suddenly lined up. Zhang Kexuan took the lead and walked to Li Mu. He held Li Mu's right hand with both hands and then bowed more deeply than 90 degrees.

"Mu Ge, thank you!"

Then Ye Tianming …

"Mu Ge, thank you!"

"Mu Ge, thank you!"

"Mu Ge, thank you!"

"Gu Wei!"

Li Mu felt like he was a godfather, accepting the worship of four believers.

After worshiping, Zhang Kexuan blushed and said, "Brother Mu, about the next song …"

"I knew you wouldn't be so attentive for no reason." Li Mu then asked, "Will the provincial champion be directly selected in the next competition?"

"That's right." Zhang Kexuan nodded. "The band with the highest score in the next semi-final will go to Beijing."

"What happens after we arrive in Yan Jing?"

"There should be two more rounds of competitions in Beijing. After the first round, five bands will be selected, and in the second round, the champion, second runner-up and third runner-up will be selected."

Li Mu said, "That is to say, I have to prepare three songs for you?"

Zhang Kexuan was a little embarrassed. "Don't go all the way. Don't we still have that music website to deal with? Besides, the three of us won't miss a single cent of the money for the three songs."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Let's talk about money later. Let's go to your rehearsal room first. I'll give you the second song."

"Mu Ge is a good friend. I have nothing else to say!"

…

The second song Li Mu gave her was "Sunflower", which was released in 2005 by Xie Tianxiao.

Xie Tianxiao was regarded as the godfather of rock and roll and the king of rock and roll. However, most of his songs were noisy and not suitable for Li Mu's simple plan.

The overall style of the simple plan must focus on pop. They couldn't let them sing music that was too alternative or too rock and roll.

However, this "Sunflower" could be said to be Xie Tianxiao's rare positive song. The lyrics were very healthy and upbeat, and the melody was very good. The arrangement was also very restrained. It was nice, touching, and not noisy. It was a rare positive song in domestic rock and roll.

When the lyrics were written, Chen Wan was the first to praise, "The lyrics of this song are really well written. A sunflower seed struggling to germinate in the dark soil. It's concise and comprehensive. It's not an exaggeration to say that these lyrics are modern poems."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Is it so good that you are so generous with your praise?"

"Yes."

Chen Wan nodded and said seriously, "Nowadays, pop songs are full of love and rock songs are full of cynicism. But this" Sunflower "is definitely a good positive work."

Zhang Kexuan and others also praised it, especially Ye Tianming. "I think the lyrics of this song are better than" Li Bai ". It has deeper meaning."

"You still know what deeper meaning is."

Zhang Kexuan curled his lips and then said, "But it does have a deep meaning. I think it's very good."

Li Mu said, "This kind of lyrics has a wide range of uses. It can be used to motivate young people, and it can also be used to give hope and encouragement to those who are suffering. It can even be used for anti-war and anti-terrorism. If you sing this song well, I can't guarantee anything else, but it is very likely that it will occasionally appear on TV or be quoted by TV stations."

"What about the song?" Zhang Kexuan couldn't wait. "Mu Ge, sing it for us quickly. Let's enjoy it first."

"Okay."

Li Mu picked up Zhang Kexuan's guitar and said to Ye Tianming and Gu Wei, "I will play and sing the first part. You can follow me in the second part."

It was the most basic accompaniment. The drummer only needed to play the rhythm, and the bass only needed to find the root of the chord. It was not difficult for them.

Then, Li Mu sang "Sunflower" for the first time in the rehearsal room of the simple plan.

"The beautiful sky is always boundless.

A seed is buried under the clouds.

The nutrition comes from the mud on the ground.

It takes root and germinates, still obeying the will of heaven.

Countless raindrops sprinkle all over the earth in front of me.

Standing here, there is only one problem.

Sunflower, if you only grow under the darkness.

Sunflower, will you bloom (Will you be afraid). "

Li Mu's voice was better than Zhang Kexuan's, so he sang it very well. When the rock and roll uncle Xie Tianxiao sang this song, his voice was not pleasing to pop listeners. Therefore, Li Mu deliberately sang more pop so that it would be more acceptable to the public.

Zhang Kexuan was overjoyed. With this song, he had a great chance to participate in the final held in Yan Jing as the provincial champion!

Li Mu taught him to sing it several times. After Zhang Kexuan remembered it, he explained the arrangement of the song to the band members. After teaching them all, Li Mu asked, "When is the next competition?"

"Wait for the notice."

Zhang Kexuan said, "There are more than 50 bands in the preliminary competition, and they will compete for several days. Then, they will be selected according to the score and the specific time of the next round."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You got 27 out of 30 points. You can definitely enter the next round."

"That's right."

Zhang Kexuan looked excited. "The clips of the national qualifiers will be broadcast on major TV stations next Saturday. I don't know if our 'Li Bai' will be broadcast."

"Definitely."

Li Mu patted his chest. "The TV station also hopes to attract the audience's attention. A simple plan, whether it is the singer or the song, is perfect."

Then, Li Mu said, "When the performance photos are out, remember to send them to me. I will decide which website to post them on."

"Deal!"

"Public relations and Internet Water Army all cost money. I am poor, so you have to pay for it."

"Is this a problem?

Is 100,000 enough?

If not, add more. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "One hundred thousand is enough for the time being."

Li Mu already had a plan on how to use the 100,000 yuan. First, he wanted to get two servers, one for Eting, and the other for a forum.

Currently, there was no group chat such as QQ groups. If Zhao Kang built a water army team, he would lack a platform to manage the members and give orders. The water army could easily have hundreds or even thousands of people. If he could not effectively convey orders, his efficiency would naturally be greatly affected. He might as well build an internal forum. It would not cost much, but it would be enough to support a water army team of thousands or even more people. It could be said to be a lifetime of investment.