Chapter 1573

When Li Mu boarded the plane with the three-man team of Li Ziwei, Anne Hathaway, and Wang Yuanlang, the Manchester City Football Club officially released an announcement on its official website.

The core of the announcement was: Today, Li Mu, as the new owner of the Manchester City Football Club, will personally go to the Manchester City Football Club's training base to meet with the Manchester City CEO, manager, and other management teams, as well as the main players.

At the same time, as the team's new owner, Li Mu will invest at least 100 million pounds in the Manchester City Football Club this year to buy new players and provide fresh blood for the club.

Makino Technology released an official statement almost at the same time, which said that Li Mu had completed the acquisition of the Manchester City Football Club and officially became the owner of the Manchester City Football Club.

Li Mu was not only the first Hua Xia businessman to invest in a Premier League club, but also the first Hua Xia person to invest in one of the five major leagues. As soon as the news came out, it immediately sparked heated discussion among the British people and all of Europe.

A few hours ago, Li Mu had just become the focus of England. The buzz had not yet passed, but the news had increased Li Mu's popularity.

The British were no less fanatical about football than any other country in the world. Almost every Briton liked football, and they must also be a fan of a certain Premier League club, so they paid a lot of attention to the Premier League.

Usually, a well-known star player joining the Premier League would become a topic of endless discussion among the British in the bars, not to mention a top tycoon from Hua Xia buying a Premier League club. Such news became a topic of discussion in the bars of the British streets and alleys at the same time.

A few months ago, when the Russian tycoon Roman Abramovich bought Chelsea, it also sparked a heated discussion among the British fans. However, Abramovich's popular base was obviously many times worse than Li Mu's. The British generally had a very bad impression of him for several reasons:

First, Abramovich came from Russia. Influenced by World War II and the Cold War, the British had the least favorable impression of Russia, followed by France;

Secondly, Roman Abramovich was a Russian oligarch. The way he earned his wealth was completely different from Western European and North American tycoons. In the eyes of the British, his money came from shady sources.

Thirdly, Abramovich's purpose was not simple. His own political background was extremely complicated. Most people firmly believed that the reason why Abramovich wanted to buy Chelsea was not because he liked football, but because he needed to buy and invest in Chelsea to get a visa from the British government. At the same time, he needed to break into the British upper class and realize his strategic shift from assets to connections.

In the United Kingdom, even a five-year-old child knew that Abramovich had ulterior motives for buying Chelsea, so it was naturally difficult for the British to have a good impression of Abramovich. Not only did they not have a good impression, but most of them felt disgusted and conflicted.

However, Li Mu was different.

Li Mu had long been recognized by people all over the world through his industrial development and charitable activities. While Makino Technology promoted the rapid development of the global Internet, it also laid a solid foundation for Li Mu. Unlike Abramovich, Li Mu's current net worth was extremely huge, but it was all clean. Such a rich man who grew up step by step on his own was much more popular than a rich man like Abramovich who developed by being an oligarch.

Moreover, Li Mu was blessed with two halos in the United Kingdom today. The Queen thought he was the most outstanding young man who had changed the world, so she awarded him the highest level medal of the Empire, which fully represented the British royal family's recognition of Li Mu. Li Mu also left the United Kingdom 3,321, leaving behind a huge and mature charity project. The British people's good impression of him was at its highest.

At this juncture, Li Mu suddenly became the owner of the Manchester City Football Club. The British people almost happily accepted the surprising news. At the same time, they also had a trace of pride in their hearts. Even the world's top entrepreneur like Li Mu was interested in the English Premier League, which was enough to prove the strength and charm of the English Premier League. It could be foreseen that in the future, many people around the world would pay attention to the English Premier League because of Li Mu. This was a great thing for the English Premier League and even for the United Kingdom.

Surprisingly, some die-hard fans of the Manchester City team even took to the streets of Manchester to celebrate. In their view, the home team they had loved for many years finally had a real day of glory.

Just as Li Mu's plane took off, a large number of reporters rushed from London to Manchester, and a new round of headlines was about to be staged.

…

From the moment Li Mu received the GBE to his announcement that he became the owner of the Manchester City Football Club, these two big news attracted a lot of attention in Europe and the United States. However, due to the time difference, Hua Xia did not catch up with these two news in time.

When the news of the award was first sent back to China by the Central Television reporter stationed in London, it was almost late at night in China. When the news was edited and edited, the news did not even catch the night bus of the evening news.

Other domestic media received the news slightly slower than Central Television, and for television stations and media without overseas reporters, the news received even more lagging.

However, when Li Mu's plane took off and returned to Hua Xia, all the media in Hua Xia worked overtime overnight to rush the big news of him receiving the GBE medal.

There had never been a businessman from Hua Xia, or even a businessman from any country, who had received the GBE medal. It was really rare for Li Mu to be recognized so highly by the British royal family. Therefore, this news made every domestic media person excited. They had no doubt that this news would also bring pride to the people of Hua Xia and a higher sense of national identity. Therefore, this news must be the focus of the focus and the headline of the headlines!

Making such a news was both easy and difficult. If it was just a general report, it was indeed very simple. However, if it was to be done with great care and to maximize the importance of the news, it would take a lot of effort.

Almost every media company hoped to put more effort into this headline and do their best. Usually, everyone competed to see who could get the news faster, more complete, and more in-depth. However, when everyone was fighting for the same headline, they competed to see who was more professional. In order to let the people in China know what the GBE represented and how powerful it was, they had to first make a short video to let everyone know the background and division of the entire British awards.

In addition, they also had to mention which Chinese people had received the British royal family's medal, what level of medal they received, and why they received the medal. Only then could they explain how much gold was behind Li Mu receiving the GBE from multiple dimensions.

When the domestic media people were busy until the wee hours of the morning, most of the media had not finished all the news. The television media was still fine. They were already prepared to work overnight. First, they made a basic version, then they copied and archived the basic version. Then, they began to polish and deal with the basic version. If they could finish it before tomorrow's morning news broadcast, they would publish the refined version. If not, they would publish the basic version.

Unlike the people in the TV media, the editors of the traditional newspaper media were burning with anxiety. They had to finish their articles as soon as possible before they could send them to the printing plant. If they delayed it any longer, it would delay the publication of the newspaper tomorrow.

Around three o 'clock in the morning in Yan Jing, most of the newspaper reporters were doing their best to make the news of the Queen conferring the medal on Li Mu the next day's headlines. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief and prepared to go home for a good rest. Suddenly, a new piece of news came from the United Kingdom.

"Li Mu bought the English Premier League's Manchester United Football Club and officially became the club's wholly owned owner!"

"Li Mu wants to invest more than 100 million pounds to develop the Manchester United Football Club!"

"Li Mu met with Hua Xia's player, Sun Jihai, who is currently playing for Manchester United. He highly praised his performance in the team!"

At three o 'clock in the morning, Yang Ma's news department was in chaos. The media people from other television stations were also cheering and worrying at the same time. The news of the Queen conferring the medal on Li Mu was not finished yet. The United Kingdom's complicated medal levels, history, and connections with Chinese people had not been clarified yet. Next, they had to talk about the history of the English Premier League clubs and the history of the Manchester United Football Club …

The editors of the newspaper media were about to get off work when they suddenly received the news. They almost broke down!

It would be too late to change the layout that had already been set. By the time the news was sorted out, it would be daybreak. There would be no time for the printing plant.

However, this news was also very important!

Although the Hua Xia national football team played poorly, the enthusiasm of the domestic fans for football was really no less than that of any other country. Every year or two, there would be a Hua Xia player playing for a European club. The domestic fans would be excited and pay close attention. This time, Li Mu directly bought a club in the United Kingdom. If this news was really released, the domestic fans would probably explode!

If such important news did not appear in tomorrow's newspaper, it could only wait for the day after tomorrow. However, how could their colleagues in the television media give them such a chance?

They would definitely bombard it with all their might early tomorrow morning. In this way, by the time they published the newspaper the day after tomorrow, this news would already be old news.

The newspaper media was most afraid of this kind of sudden big news at night. If they reported it, it would be too late. If they didn't report it, it would seem that they were not authoritative. What should they do now?

Just when the newspaper editors were faced with the breaking news and did not know what to do, Dong Fangzhuo, who was sleeping soundly in Bin City, was suddenly awakened by the urgent ringtone of his mobile phone.

He opened his sleepy eyes and glanced at the caller ID on his mobile phone. He found out that the caller was actually his fellow countryman and senior, Sun Jihai. Moreover, this number was his mobile phone in the United Kingdom.

Dong Fangzhuo's drowsiness instantly disappeared. He answered the phone and said, "Brother Hai, why are you calling so late at night?"