Chapter 699

Just now, Xu Hui had thought that his future would be hopeless, but Lu Yong's words made him immediately rejoice that he was still alive. For the people of Haizhou Underworld, Lu Yong was more ruthless than Zhang Wanjun. Although Zhang Wanjun was ruthless, he never did anything himself. Almost all the appalling things were done by Lu Yong.

If Lu Yong had been the one to solve this matter, Xu Hui really didn't know what would have happened to him. It was estimated that, like the rumors in the underworld, he would either be crippled or killed.

At the thought that Li Mu's words were equivalent to saving his life and body, Xu Hui was immediately grateful. He cried bitterly and was about to kowtow. Li Mu pointed at him and said, "I'm not your father. I'm just disciplining you on behalf of your father. If you want to kowtow, go home and kowtow to your father."

"Thank you for the National People's Congress …" Xu Hui's eyes were filled with tears. He had made such a big mess, but he was still able to protect himself. The feeling of surviving a disaster made him speechless. He just wanted to leave this place as soon as possible. From now on, he didn't dare to act tough in front of anyone. A junior high school student had actually brought up Zhang Wanjun and Song Liang. Xu Hui's entire outlook on life and values had been subverted. In his heart, he thought that in the future, he must tuck his tail between his legs and behave himself. In the next year, no matter what, he had to stay in school and abide by the rules. Otherwise, just the haters alone would be enough for him.

Li Mu said expressionlessly, "You hit my brother. I don't think I heard you apologize to him."

Xu Hui hurriedly looked at Xiao Hao, who was dumbfounded, and apologized with tears streaming down his face. In order to show his full sincerity, he even began to slap himself.

Xiao Hao felt like he was dreaming.

That all-powerful Xu Hui, who was usually so arrogant and domineering in school, was actually crying like a pear blossom in the rain, just like a little girl.

Although Xu Hui was only a high school student, Li Mu was still not prepared to let him off the hook. He had seen too many hooligans like this when he was in high school. For people like him, the chances of success were very small, but the chances of them becoming a cancer of society were very high. Since he had no one to discipline him and refused to be disciplined, then Li Mu would give him a hard time. He would make this black person be pressured into disciplining him for a year. He would let this runaway colt have a taste of being completely restrained, and let him experience what it was like to be in heaven and hell.

Don't you admire the life of a hooligan and a campus tyrant?

Then I'll force you to be the most law-abiding person in the school. As long as you step out of line even the slightest bit, you'll be greeted with punches and kicks from the haters.

Probably nothing could destroy his unruly and unrestrained heart more than this.

At the moment, Blackie hated this Xu Hui to the point of madness. If the law didn't care, he would have already beaten Xu Hui to death here. This little bastard had completely dug a hole for himself. His boss, Wu Bin, and his boss's boss all had a problem with him. In the future, he was afraid that he would never be able to make a name for himself. All of this was because of him, so Blackie secretly swore in his heart that he would definitely not let Xu Hui off in the future.

Li Mu did not forget to put a little more pressure on Blackie and said to Wu Bin, "In the future, I'll have to trouble you to help me supervise these two."

Wu Bin hurriedly said, "Don't worry, I'll definitely supervise them properly!"

Li Mu nodded and said to him, "In the future, I'll entrust my younger brother to you in the Fifth High School. If he encounters similar trouble again, I hope you can take care of him."

Wu Bin hurriedly nodded, and Lu Yong, who was beside him, said, "I'll give this order later and let the boys in the underworld pay attention."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "There's no need to make such a big fuss."

Then he looked at Xiao Hao, who was next to him with a dull face, and reminded him, "In the future, if someone bullies you in Haizhou, these brothers sitting here can help you. But you must remember, I asked these brothers to take care of you on the premise that you are bullied. If you dare to bully others in school, then I'll ask them to take care of you like they did with Xu Hui. Do you hear me?"

Li Mu did not want Xiao Hao to become unscrupulous in school because of what happened today. He just wanted to solve the problem of Xiao Hao being bullied, but he did not want to give him the illusion that he could do whatever he wanted in the future.

Xiao Hao was frightened by Li Mu's words, and he nodded repeatedly and said, "I know, brother. Don't worry, I never take the initiative to conflict with others in school …"

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction. "That's for the best. If I find out in the future that you bully others in school like Xu Hui, I will be the first to not let you off."

Zhang Wanjun admired Li Mu in his heart. Li Mu handled this matter differently from the people he had met in the past. First, he did not beat Xu Hui. Second, he did not hold him accountable for other responsibilities. Third, he did not act like other people who introduced people from the underworld to Xiao Hao and simply let them cover him. He could let Hei Zi control Xu Huiyan and say such correct words to his brother, which made Zhang Wanjun feel that even if he and Li Mu sat at the same table to eat, he and Li Mu were people of two completely different worlds. Even if there was a big age gap, they were obviously not people of the same level. Only people like Song Liang could wander between these two worlds.

In order not to affect the mood of eating, Zhang Wanjun said to Li Mu, "Why don't we let these two stand outside and reflect on their actions first? Let's eat."

Li Mu said, "Let them go."

Zhang Wanjun nodded and said to Hei Zi, "Alright, there's nothing for you two to do here. Take this kid and leave."

Hei Zi felt as if he had been pardoned and hurriedly nodded.

Lu Yong threatened Xu Hui with a cold expression. "Today, I'm going to tell everyone in the Haizhou Underworld that from the moment you step out of this door, you'll be the focus of everyone in the Haizhou Underworld. Remember what I asked of you just now. If you dare to violate any rules outside of your own home, I'll teach you a f * cking lesson before Hei Zi does anything. Do you understand?!"

Xu Hui was so scared that he shivered. He nodded and said, "Understood …"

Lu Yong nodded. "If you understand, then scram."

After that, Lu Yong said to Hei Zi, "And you, in the future, if you f * cking do such immoral things like looking for underlings from school, I will clean up the school for Erbin. I will first f * cking cripple your legs, and then I will let you go to school in a wheelchair to look for underlings!

Do you understand? "

Hei Zi was also scared and quickly nodded. "Brother Yong, don't worry, I won't dare to do such a thing again."

Lu Yong nodded and waved his hand. "Scram!"

Hei Zi was about to leave when Li Mu pointed at Xu Hui and reminded him, "After you step out of this door, you are not allowed to hit him as long as he didn't do anything wrong. Do you understand?"

Hei Zi wanted to beat up Xu Hui again to vent his anger, but he was immediately disappointed when he heard this. However, he could only obediently agree. "Understood …"

Wu Bin reminded him, "Remember Mr. Lee's words. If you don't discipline this kid well, I will discipline you and him as well!"

Hei Zi nodded repeatedly and thanked Xu Hui for a long time before being chased out by Wu Bin.

As soon as the two left, Lu Yong said to Wu Bin, "From now on, keep a close eye on your subordinates. If anyone dares to recruit underlings from the school or bring students out to fight, beat them to death!"

Wu Bin hurriedly nodded. "I understand, Brother Yong."

Lu Yong grunted and said, "Come out to mingle with f * cking integrity. After today, spread the word that if any high school student dares to mingle, I will strip them and throw them into the moat!"

Wu Bin hurriedly agreed.

At this time, Song Liang opened his mouth and said to Wu Bin, "Er Bin, ask the waiter to serve the dishes."

At the dinner table, Xiao Hao seemed quite reserved. For him, this meal was an unprecedented grand occasion. In his previous view of the world, he thought that Hei Zi was already a very powerful gangster. As for people like Wu Bin, they were simply legendary figures. He didn't expect that today, his eldest cousin would take him to meet all the famous gangsters in Haizhou. What was even more unbelievable was that these people were very polite to his eldest cousin. Could it be that his eldest cousin was a hidden gangster?

It was easy for teenagers at this age to have a sense of worship. At this moment, Li Mu had become the most worthy of worship in Xiao Hao's eyes.

…

After going out of the gate, Hei Zi finally breathed a sigh of relief. What happened just now was really frightening. All the powerful people in the whole Haizhou Gangster were here, and anyone could have crushed him to death. Fortunately, he was not seriously injured. He was only slapped more than a dozen times by his boss.

Looking at Xu Hui, who was still crying in fright, Blackie was filled with rage. He instinctively wanted to give him a slap, but when he remembered Li Mu's instructions before leaving, he could only suppress the fire in his heart. Gritting his teeth, he glared at Xu Hui and warned, "From today onwards, you better behave yourself. You heard what that Mr. Li said just now. If you disobey him in the slightest, I'll beat you up so badly that even your father won't be able to recognize you!

You know what kind of person Zhang Wanjun is. You're lucky that you didn't lose an arm today. If you f * cking get into trouble again, be careful that even your family will suffer! "

Xu Hui was so scared that he shivered. He thought of his younger brother who was still in junior high school and a younger sister who was still in elementary school. He quickly nodded with tears and snot and said, "Boss, I know. I will be honest in the future …"

Hei Zi cursed rudely, "Don't f * cking call me boss. I'm not your f * cking boss!

From today on, I'm your f * cking second father!

I'll f * cking take care of your second father for your own father! "

After saying this, Hei Zi pointed at him and said angrily, "Don't f * cking follow me. Find your own way back!"

Xu Hui could only stand there and watch Hei Zi walk to the parking lot and drive away in his Citroen. After Hei Zi had gone far away, he breathed a sigh of relief as if he had survived a disaster. He wiped his tears and rummaged through his pockets. With only two yuan left, he went out and took the bus home. He felt that he had to quickly remind his younger brother, who was in the same class as Xiao Hao, to stay away from Xiao Hao from now on. If he provoked Xiao Hao again, he was afraid that he would really be in big trouble.

From now on, a school overlord had fallen. In the future, he would face the strictest behavior control in history. Even if he said a dirty word, he would be beaten. Xu Hui didn't even dare to think about how he would live such a life …