Chapter 1628

Chen Anjing's restaurant, to a large extent, was meant to imitate the Michelin star restaurants in Japan. Therefore, they only provided customers with a few set meals to choose from. If they chose one of them, then the rest of the dishes would have to follow the menu.

Li Mu wasn't very interested in Japanese food, so he let Wei Lan choose for him. Wei Lan didn't hesitate to choose the set meal with bluefin tuna.

As the dishes began to be served, Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "You were right. Sanlitun is indeed a good place for business, restaurants, and entertainment. Since we started building Wanying Plaza, the number of restaurants and entertainment businesses here has increased by nearly 50%. The flow of people is also increasing, and the reputation and reputation are also increasing. Next year, when the main project is completed, the land price here will increase by at least 50% compared to when we first took the land."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The place where the embassy is gathered is relatively more fashionable. The consumption level will also increase, and the fast development of restaurants, entertainment, and retail will follow."

Wei Lan asked with a smile, "Li Zong, do you have any tricks for choosing real estate sites?

I see that you are very good at choosing residential land and commercial land. You always hit the mark. "

Li Mu laughed and said, "When it comes to real estate investment, how can I compare to you? I won't show off in front of an expert."

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "Don't. To be honest, my analysis method is something that everyone in real estate knows. It's just a matter of who does it more meticulously and better. I want to understand from you if there is a better analysis method that isn't set in the industry. This way, we can do both in the future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'll just say it casually."

Wei Lan hurriedly sat up straight and said seriously, "I'm all ears."

Li Mu said, "First of all, set a general tone. In the next ten years, the fundamental premise is for the national housing prices to rise steadily or even rapidly."

Wei Lan nodded. "I agree."

Li Mu added, "Under this general tone, in fact, no matter where and what land we buy, even if it's a fifth-tier city, as long as we buy it in the urban area, and as long as the price of the land is not higher than the market price, we will basically make a profit."

Wei Lan said seriously, "I agree with this 100%. Now is indeed a bonus period. If you have some brains, you will basically make a profit no matter what you do."

Li Mu said, "With this background judgment, we can be a lot more relaxed when we do real estate investment, and we can also be more relaxed."

"And then?"

Wei Lan propped up her chin and looked at Li Mu. "You still haven't said how you judge whether a piece of land or a region is good or bad."

Li Mu said, "In my opinion, the best screening conditions are usually just a few. For example, look at where there are more foreigners. Generally speaking, places where Westerners, Japanese, and Koreans gather will indeed have a higher standard of living than other places. So, if you find that there is a trend of foreigners gathering to form a community, quickly go there and get the land. In the future, the growth rate will definitely be faster than in other places."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "For example, Sanlitun."

"That's right."

Li Mu smiled and said, "As for the embassy area, there are more foreigners, so the standard of living will naturally be higher. Nightclubs, bars, and high-end restaurants, to put it bluntly, are all things that came from overseas after the economy opened up. The first batch of domestic users are foreigners, so they will choose to go to Sanlitun first. Foreigners will also like to gather here more and more, and it won't be long before it will form a cluster effect. More and more entertainment, leisure, and restaurants will gather here, and then it will become a fashion frontier."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "Wudaokou and Wangjing are places with more Koreans. Combined with the current Kazakh and Korean culture, these two places will probably become more prominent in the future. So, you can also focus on these two places in the future."

"Yes, it makes sense."

Wei Lan said seriously, "I'll remember that. I will pay more attention to these two places in the future, as well as other places that conform to your principle."

Li Mu nodded and continued, "Also, for commercial real estate, pay more attention to places with more universities, because young people will become the main consumer force in the future.

"Also pay more attention to places with more high-tech industries, such as Zhongguancun. Because this industry is developing much faster than other industries, the average salary in this industry will be higher, and the proportion of the middle class will be higher. They have a stronger sense of time, and their need for time is also more urgent. So, in places with more industries, the housing prices will definitely be higher."

After listening to Li Mu's analysis, Wei Lan looked thoughtful and did not say anything for the time being.

Li Mu did not feel guilty at all. Although he did not know much about real estate, his experience was summed up based on what he saw in the future.

Especially the last point, Li Mu had a deep understanding of it.

Outside of the Fifth Ring Road, the housing prices and rent outside of the North Fifth Ring Road were much more expensive than the East, South, and West Fifth Ring Road.

When the average price of a house outside of the East Fifth Ring Road was twenty to thirty thousand, the area near the Zhongguancun software park in the North Fifth Ring Road had already exceeded fifty thousand. When the price of a house in the East Fifth Ring Road exceeded fifty thousand, the houses in the North Fifth Ring Road that were more than a hundred thousand RMB appeared.

The reason why there was such a big gap was because the Internet industry was concentrated in this area, so the demand for houses in this area, be it for rent or purchase, was very high.

Although there were many poor programmers, designers, and products in the Internet industry, the average salary in this industry was higher than most other industries. Also, when a company was listed in the US, it could easily create hundreds or thousands of millionaires. When these people's income reached the middle class, the first thing they would do was to buy a house near Zhongguancun.

At this stage, Zhongguancun had not really developed outside of the Fifth Ring Road. If they went to Greece now and bought a few pieces of land, they would really make a fortune in the future.

In the past, Li Mu rented a self-built house in Tangjialing for three to four hundred RMB a month. A few years later, the cheapest relocation area in Tangjialing was sold for sixty to seventy thousand RMB per square meter.

What kind of place was Tangjialing?

It was a shantytown outside of the North Fifth Ring Road. It was a few kilometers away from the nearest subway station. But its real advantage was not the subway, but the Zhongguancun software park. Subway?

No way. Its potential customers were people who wanted to live here and could walk or drive ten minutes to and from work.

Wei Lan asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what scale do you think Zhongguancun can develop to in the future?"

Li Mu shrugged and said, "First in the country, second in the world is not a big problem."

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "Second only to Silicon Valley?"

"That's right." Li Mu nodded and said, "It shouldn't take too long to achieve this."

Wei Lan said, "The whole country is currently developing high-tech, especially in first-tier cities. Basically, there are new districts and high-tech parks. Can Zhongguancun's advantage be maintained?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry, it definitely can. In any country and region, industrial cluster effect is inevitable. The US has Hollywood, Silicon Valley, and Detroit. These are all classic examples. Zhongguancun has many advantages. First, it is located in the capital city, so it is blessed by nature. Second, it is a gathering of top universities, such as Tsinghua University, Yan University, National People's Congress, Aerospace, Post and Telecommunications … Countless universities are nearby, providing Zhongguancun with enough talent. Third, it is currently the largest in the country. Entrepreneurs will prioritize starting their business here. Even if medium and large enterprises don't move here, they will set up branches here and send more people here. So, no high-tech park in the country can surpass Zhongguancun."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused and said, "Since we believe that Zhongguancun has the potential to become a high-tech enterprise gathering place second only to Silicon Valley, then let's analyze the scope of Zhongguancun's high-tech enterprise expansion in the future. Zhongguancun starts from the North Third Ring Road to the North Fourth Ring Road. Going west is not realistic, and going south to the South Third Ring Road or to the East are all densely populated areas. I've heard of enterprises giving way to densely populated areas, but I've never heard of densely populated areas giving way to enterprises, so it's even more unrealistic.

"The shackles in the North, South, and West directions make the high-tech industry in the area from the North Third Ring Road to the North Fourth Ring Road. However, this trapped beast is not surrounded by other animals, but by steel and concrete cages. The only way for this trapped beast to break out of the encirclement is all the way to the North.

"In the future, the high-tech zone and the expansion direction of enterprises will definitely start from the North Third Ring Road, then spread to the North and Northwest areas. The North Fifth Ring Road, beyond the Fifth Ring Road, and even the Sixth Ring Road, which will be built in the future. The population in these areas is relatively small, so the relocation costs are low. It's the first choice for high-tech development, and almost the only choice. So, in the next phase of Wanying Industries, we can think of a way to acquire more land in the North."

Wei Lan sighed and said, "Wanying Industries is also very tight on funds right now, and it's almost operating at full capacity. I'm afraid we'll have to wait for our first batch of real estate to accumulate enough energy for the next phase."

Li Mu said, "Do you still remember the first point we talked about?"

Wei Lan asked, "Are you talking about the general trend of steadily increasing housing prices in the next ten years?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Based on this general trend, if a real estate company wants to become big, it must be bold. As long as the market is there, you never have to be afraid of a high debt ratio. Don't worry and boldly take the biggest leverage you can get. The general trend is there, and with a certain degree of operation and control, there is absolutely no possibility of losing money."

Wei Lan nodded as if she suddenly understood.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "Wei Lan, to be honest, sometimes, it's easy to be too focused when analyzing the industry with a professional perspective, and the macro control is insufficient. This is the logic of being in the mountain. If you jump out of the fixed thinking mode of the industry, you might have an unexpected harvest."