Chapter 1390

"Not only must it be bigger than Hengdian, but it must also be better than Hengdian, and it will have an advantage over Hengdian!"

Li Mu said passionately, "As I said, Hengdian doesn't have much of an advantage. It's geographically located in the southeast, in a town under a county-level city. Other than its existing hardware base, what other film and television resources do it have?

Where are the film and television companies concentrated?

Beijing, Shanghai, Yang City, and Shenzhen, which one is closer to?

The nearest Shanghai is more than 300 kilometers away, and it doesn't even have an airport.

Think about it, where are the film and television stars concentrated?

Most of them are in Beijing, and the rest are in Shanghai. The total number in other cities is negligible. If a film crew were to start work in Hengdian, it might take hundreds of people to set off from Beijing.

What happens after the crew finishes filming?

Everyone will rush back to Beijing. The actors will rest, and the director and post-production will start post-production in Beijing. It's just a matter of shooting a film. Hundreds of people will rush to Hengdian to film for two to three months, and then rush back to Beijing for post-production. Isn't it tiring?

Isn't it?

If there is a large-scale film and television base around Beijing that completely crushes Hengdian in terms of hardware, what will the result be? "

Everyone looked at each other and smiled. Since Li Mu had already said so much, the result was naturally self-evident. If there really was a better film and television base around Hengdian, then no matter how stupid the crew was, they would not choose the faraway place and give up the convenient conditions around Yan Jing for the arduous filming in a small town in the southeast.

Li Mu continued, "Most of the domestic film and television series are set up in Beijing, and then they go to other parts of the country to film. Hengdian is the most common. If we can surpass Hengdian in terms of film and television base, then most of the film and television series can be completed in Beijing, from the set up to the filming to the post-production process. At the very least, it will not be too far from Beijing. This is very attractive to film and television companies."

Song Liang asked, "How do we make money?

Such a large-scale film and television base must have a high investment. Besides, I heard that Hengdian is free of rent for the film and television crew. If we charge a fee, then the advantage is not obvious enough. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "So what if it's free of rent?

We can also waive the rental fees and become a film and television base. If we rely on the rental fees to make money, I really don't know how long it will take to recoup our losses. "

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "Think about it. If a large-scale film and television base can receive 30% or more of the film and television production teams in the country every year, how much exposure will it receive?

I'm willing to bet that the Great Wall, the Forbidden City, the West Lake, the Yellow Mountain … none of the natural attractions are as exposed as this place. If you watch modern dramas, you'll see it. If you watch ancient dramas, you'll see it. If you watch Chinese dramas, you'll see it. If you watch Chinese dramas, you'll see it too. If you watch Chinese dramas, you'll see it too. If you watch Chinese dramas, you'll see it too. If you watch Chinese dramas, you'll see it too.

"It will be converted into tourism resources." Wei Lan replied and asked, "Teacher Li, am I right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "You're right. Teacher Li is very pleased."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "Just like what Wei Lan said, it will accumulate a huge reputation through various films and television productions. From there, it will be converted into a large number of tourists and a huge amount of tourism income. When that time comes, our film and television base might become a 5A scenic spot. It might even become one of the most popular 5A scenic spots in the country."

Li Mu wasn't speaking carelessly. Hengdian was located in such a remote area, and the transportation wasn't that convenient. Every year, ten to twenty million tourists was simply unbelievable. One must know that Hengdian itself didn't have any other tourism resources. Relying on this film and television base to bring in ten to twenty million tourists, it was truly frightening!

What if it was located near Beijing?

Beijing itself was a big tourist city, with more than a hundred million tourists every year. If Hengdian itself could attract ten to twenty million tourists, and at the same time, because of its proximity to Beijing, it could convert 10% of the tourists in Beijing. That meant that because of its proximity to Beijing, it would gain an additional ten million tourists. With thirty million tourists every year, the tourism income would be astounding.

And behind this astounding number of tourists and tourism income, there was also a strong advertising ability, which strengthened the brand's popularity. Hengdian had played with the film and television base until it was listed on the main board. This could be said to be very impressive. If he increased the investment and resources, and could also use the unique geographical advantage of Beijing and the popularity of the city, it would definitely be more successful than Hengdian, and much more successful!

Li Mu could see this astonishing future, but others might not be able to see it or imagine it. Therefore, Li Mu only reminded them that the future tourism income of the film and television base would be huge, but he didn't tell them the estimated number of tourists. After all, if he told them this number, everyone would think that they were dreaming.

Therefore, Li Mu continued, "Other than tourism income, although our film and television base is free of rent for the film and television crew, the other supporting services have to be paid. In a closed film and television base, the crew's daily necessities and supplies have to be purchased from us. This in itself is also a considerable income. Imagine, when the time comes, we might be able to provide all the basic services for tens of thousands of film and television workers at the same time. We can also provide all kinds of support services such as building custom sets for the film and television series, providing extras for the film and television series, and so on.

If our film and television base is built, I'm afraid that there will be tens of thousands of extras in our film and television base every day. We can set up a guild for extras. We can compile the information of the extras, register them in the guild, and provide them with basic acting lessons. If any crew needs extras, they can directly send them to us, and our staff will form the extras according to their needs. It's not for money, but to improve the professional quality of the extras, improve their work efficiency, and reduce the time and energy consumption of the crew to find extras. These are the services we can provide to the crew. "

As he said this, Li Mu continued, "The film and television school in cooperation with Spielberg is about to enter the landing stage. At that time, on the one hand, we can find excellent extras from the extras and send them to our own school for more advanced training. On the other hand, we can send our regular students through the channels of our film and television base to play relatively important roles in the major film and television production teams. In this way, the film and television base, film and television schools, film and television talents, and film and television projects can be integrated to form a film and television industry chain. Of course, in this industry chain, we can continue to improve, such as our cinema resources, promotion resources, entertainment resources, and film and television capital. In this way, we can create the strongest film and television industry chain in the country!"

Chen Ze asked curiously, "Old Li, I understand that cinema resources, promotion resources, and entertainment resources are all excellent resources in your hands. But what do you mean by film and television capital?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Film and television capital is specially used to invest in the film and television industry."

As he said this, Li Mu explained, "Most of the start-up of film and television projects are jointly invested by film and television companies and capital. Even many large companies, which are not short of money, will use multi-party cooperation to prepare for a large-scale film and television project in order to exchange resources and share costs and risks. In other words, the funds for these film and television projects are crowdfunded. Everyone contributes according to the proportion and shares according to the proportion. This is the industry rule.

For the works of famous directors and big companies, the problem of funds is relatively not so complicated. But for the less famous directors and works, raising the start-up funds is a very difficult thing. Some film and television projects are finished in a month, but the actual preparation before the shooting takes three years. During these three years, most of the time, they are looking for money everywhere.

Therefore, if we start the film and television project, I will pull several banks and capital together to set up a film and television fund with the same name as our film and television city. The fund's capital pool will be at least tens of billions. This fund will be open to all film and television companies and independent producers. As long as their projects are okay and can pass our review, we will give them a certain proportion and a certain amount of investment. But at the same time, there are supporting requirements for the investment. First, as long as our film and television city meets the requirements of the script, it must be shot in our film and television city. At the same time, the film and television program must thank our film and television city and fund. I believe the producers will not refuse such a reasonable request. "

At this point, Li Mu paused for a moment, then smiled and said, "If we participate in a large number of film and television projects, under the control of a professional team and the support of our various resources, the profits of the fund itself can be guaranteed. Moreover, many film and television projects are very profitable, and the profit margin is very large. At the same time, we will be deeply involved in the production of products in the film and television industry, which can further and greatly enhance our influence in the film and television industry. In the future, we may become the largest film and television fund in the country."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "When that time comes, our film and television base and film and television fund may be the logo that appears the most in the movie besides the dragon logo."

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded and said, "As long as we form a strong industrial chain, all the relevant resources will be closely linked to the industrial chain. All the other competitors will be destroyed in the face of a strong industrial chain."

Wei Lan said in surprise, "Then you can also bring in the resources of Hollywood. If you can get Hollywood to come over and film a few movies related to Hua Xia, that will be even better."

"Of course."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Hollywood is a place where money makes the world go. As long as I want to, I believe that there is no star or director that I can't get."

"That's great!"

Chen Ze said happily, "If the film and television base project is integrated with the project of the man-made ancient city, the utilization of resources will be even higher!"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "There's no way to integrate them. The film and television base needs a very large area of land, and at least a few hundred square kilometers of development space must be guaranteed. Because this may be a large project that will take decades of continuous investment and expansion, it is impossible for the mountainous area to provide such a large usable area. Therefore, we have to choose it in the southeast or south of Beijing, and there are a few conditions:

First, it must be a flat plain area;

Second, there must be a large amount of empty land or low-cost land resources;

Third, it would be best to be near the junction of Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei provinces;