Chapter 1463

For Li Mu, this night was like a lifetime ago.

Su Yingxue gave her most precious gift to Li Mu. The emotional entanglement of the previous life and this life finally came to fruition on this night in Silicon Valley.

Li Mu admitted that most of the time, Su Yingxue was more of a feeling that crossed two lives for him. She carried all the feelings of his youth in his previous life. For him, after his rebirth, she was like a proof of the meaning of his existence, just like Leonardo's gyro in Inception, which distinguishes between dream and reality.

Because of this, Li Mu was able to treat Su Yingxue with respect for a long time.

And now, everything had entered a new stage. Li Mu had imagined this night countless times in his previous life, and now his fantasy had finally come true.

Early in the morning, Li Mu deliberately delayed going to the company, wanting to spend more time with Su Yingxue on this brand new morning.

Su Yingxue woke up very early, but she rarely got up. Li Mu asked the hotel's private butler to prepare a sumptuous breakfast. After the breakfast was delivered, he coaxed Su Yingxue from the bed.

For a long time before last night, Su Yingxue was used to always carrying the reserved attitude instilled in her by her family since she was a child. This kind of reserved attitude was not to let her pretend to be more reserved, but to let her learn and adapt to controlling all kinds of instinctive desires, including the desire to play, the desire to be lazy, the desire to be emotional and physical …

But now, she suddenly got rid of this burden that had existed for a long time, which made Su Yingxue feel unprecedentedly relaxed.

Li Mu coaxed her to get up and eat. She acted coquettishly to Li Mu like a normal little girl in love, and asked him with concern, "Why didn't you go to the company so late today?"

"Don't worry."

Li Mu explained, "The important things were settled yesterday. Today, we are mainly waiting for the results."

Li Mu is talking about whether Apple's share price will break the US $3.50 mark.

Could the stock price be suppressed for a long time? At least for today's trading day, the stock price must be suppressed. As long as the stock price broke $3.5, Makino Technology would officially submit the privatization plan to NASDAQ. At this time, if the stock price fluctuated too much, especially if it rebounded to more than $3.5, it would more or less bring some trouble.

Su Yingxue said softly, "If you have something to do, you can go ahead. You don't have to stay here with me. I'll read a book after eating and the day will be over."

Li Mu passed her a small piece of sandwich and looked at the time. "It's 9: 10 now. I will check on Apple's share price at 9: 30. If it's lower than $3.50, I will rush to the office."

Su Yingxue nodded and smiled sweetly. "Then I will only read and swim today."

Li Mu looked at her and asked with a smile, "Do you still have the strength to swim today?"

Su Yingxue's pretty face was dyed red. She couldn't hide her embarrassment. "If I can't swim, I will bask in the sun. Is that okay?"

Li Mu smiled with satisfaction and said to her, "Even if you can swim, try to swim as little as possible. You have to save some strength, understand?"

Su Yingxue lowered her eyelids and nodded gently. She said in a very low voice, "I understand …"

Halfway through breakfast, Li Mu turned on his laptop and waited for Apple's share price to open today. Li Mu didn't watch today's pre-market news. At this time, he didn't care about what the pre-market news said at all. He only wanted a result. He wanted a result that completely swallowed up Apple and at the same time, cut a lot of leeks from NASDAQ's securities investment institutions.

9: 30 AM.

Countless people were paying attention to NASDAQ at this moment.

Almost all of these people were paying attention to Apple's share price. They wanted to see with their own eyes the influence of Li Mu. They wanted to see if he could really use a statement to smash Apple's share price below $3.50 USD.

Many financial and internet media around the world were also following up on this development. They were looking forward to a new financial miracle.

9: 30 AM!

NASDAQ officially opened!

Apple's share price dropped 17.3% from the previous closing price of $4.22 USD to $3.49 USD!

The entire NASDAQ was in an uproar!

Makino Technology's statement caused Apple's share price to drop 17.3%. This was not the scariest part. The scariest part was when Makino Technology said that they would not consider acquiring Apple's share price if it was above $3.50 USD. In the end, Apple's share price dropped to $3.49 USD.

Most of Apple's shares were in the hands of these securities investment institutions. Under normal circumstances, they had 10,000 ways to increase the share price. But under this special circumstance, they couldn't even find a single way.

Most importantly, it was meaningless to increase the share price. The real meaning of a share was not in the share price, but in cashing out.

The stock price had to be recognized by someone, someone was willing to pay the price, and the seller was able to take the money at the price. Only then would it have practical significance, because this reflected the actual value of the stock. Now, there was no market demand for Apple's shares. After Mu Ye Technology made a statement, no one would buy Apple's shares at a price higher than $3.50. Therefore, it was meaningless and futile for the institutions to raise the stock price.

The share price plummeted 17.3%. This was a deep trap. The only thing that could get them out of the trap was Makino Technology.

The entire market was in awe and fear of Makino Technology. Such a player was like a bug in the system. Li Mu was like a god. No one knew how much energy he had in his body at such a young age.

The capitalists were afraid of Li Mu and Makino Technology. They felt that it was a rule-breaking existence. However, the ordinary investors in Nasdaq respected Makino Technology more than any other company in the market. The plummeting of Apple's share price meant that Li Mu was punishing those who sucked blood. It meant that justice had been served, and their hatred had been avenged.

Especially Li Mu, he had become a superhero in the eyes of Nasdaq investors. Today, outside the Nasdaq trading market, a large number of investors held up signs with Li Mu's face and slogans. These were Li Mu's fans in Nasdaq. They firmly believed that Li Mu could completely suppress Apple's share price today. Therefore, they had prepared materials to cheer for Li Mu.

While winning the respect and admiration of these investors, Li Mu also laid an excellent foundation for Makino Technology at the level of ordinary investors. Since these people had great trust in Li Mu and Makino Technology, when Makino Technology went public in the future, their strong confidence in Makino Technology would indirectly increase the share price and market value of Makino Technology.

Then, there was another magical situation in the market. Apple's share price had been stable at 3.49 US dollars since the opening. There was no fluctuation at all. The turnover rate of the stock was almost negligible. At this time, everyone was waiting for Makino Technology's next move. If Makino Technology submitted the privatization plan to Nasdaq today and fulfilled its promise to set the price at 3.5 US dollars, then the share price could be stable until it was delisted.

However, if Makino Technology reneged at this time, then it would be over.

The reason why Apple's share price could still stand at 3.49 US dollars was that everyone knew that at this price, Makino Technology might take over. With this confidence in the market, the share price could naturally stand. However, if Makino Technology gave up, Apple's share price would continue to fall.

Objectively speaking, if Li Mu acted shamelessly, did not fulfill his promise at this time, and continued to suppress Apple's price, then the final transaction price of privatizing Apple might be even lower. Moreover, the current public opinion was particularly favorable to Li Mu. Everyone knew that whether Apple's share price continued to fall depended on Li Mu. In order to make the institution pay a higher price, those investors called on Li Mu to ignore Apple on the Internet and let Apple's share price continue to fall.

However, obviously, Li Mu would not betray himself and Makino Technology's reputation for a little profit. Therefore, he immediately said goodbye to Su Yingxue and rushed to Makino Technology. He was ready to officially communicate with Nasdaq about the key process of privatizing Apple.

After arriving at the company, Li Mu immediately gathered all the members of the division that bought Apple and announced in public, "This morning, we will officially submit to Nasdaq the voting results of Apple's shareholders on the privatization, as well as our privatization plan. At the same time, we will inform Nasdaq that all the funds needed for the privatization have been prepared and can be transferred to Nasdaq's escrow account at any time. I hope they can review the plan as soon as possible, then contact us and inform us of the results."

Louis Martin said excitedly, "Li Zong, I believe that Nasdaq will not reject our plan, and will even speed up the privatization process to complete as soon as possible."

Li Mu asked him, "Why do you say that?"

Louis Martin smiled and said, "Believe me, those institutions will not dare to be your enemy now. They have already accepted the fact that you have cut their leeks. Therefore, they are eager to get out of the game and will not obstruct our privatization process in any way. Nasdaq also hopes to end this game that they cannot control as soon as possible. For them, the sooner Apple is privatized, the sooner they can breathe a sigh of relief. In this way, the institutions will accept it, and Nasdaq will go with the flow. This matter will be resolved in a very short period of time."

Li Mu smiled with satisfaction. "Then I'll be counting on your auspicious words, Louis!"

…

Yesterday, the legal team drafted the legal documents for Apple's shareholders on the privatization vote for Li Mu. Makino Technology owned Apple's shares and voting rights, and Li Mu owned 100% of Makino Technology's voting rights. Therefore, Li Mu personally owned Apple's voting rights. As long as he personally agreed to privatize, it would be equivalent to representing all of Apple's shareholders to make the final decision.

Louis Martin had also drafted the documents for Li Mu to privatize Apple. The privatization plan of Makino Technology was very simple. It would be fully privatized at a price of US $3.50 without any other premium. As long as Nasdaq approved it, all institutions and investors would be forced to buy back their shares.

Then, this batch of documents was quickly sent to the management committee of Nasdaq. The only thing Makino Technology could do about the privatization of Apple was to wait for Nasdaq to approve the privatization plan.

Louis Martin witnessed the whole process of Li Mu's acquisition and privatization of Apple. On one hand, he was amazed at Li Mu's ability, and on the other hand, he was glad that he accepted Li Mu's private offer. After the privatization of Apple was completed, he would easily have US $10 million in his account.

When he thought about how easily he could earn US $10 million after tax, Louis Martin even felt a little sorry for Li Mu. So, he found an opportunity to make a suggestion and a promise to Li Mu.

The suggestion was that he hoped that when Makino Technology went public in the future, Li Mu could adopt a two-tier equity structure. In this way, it could reduce the control of venture capital institutions, hedge funds, and circulating shareholders on Makino Technology. If Li Mu set up the equity structure well, even if his own shares were diluted to less than 10% in the future, he might still have more than 66.6% of the company's decision-making power, and the company would still be under his control.

If Jobs had implemented a two-tier equity structure in Apple, he would not have been kicked out by the board of directors from the company he founded.

In addition, Louis Martin promised Li Mu that he would be at Li Mu's disposal in the future. He would do his best to help Li Mu solve any problems at any time. If Li Mu needed him to join Makino Technology one day, he would not hesitate.

Li Mu was very interested in the two-tier equity structure. He decided to divide the equity of Makino Technology into two parts in the future. One part would be held by the core founding team, and the other part would be held by the diluted financing institutions and the circulating shares after the future listing. Li Mu was not going to give any voting rights to this part of the shares.

In this way, he could ensure that the voting rights of the company would always be in the hands of himself and his team, and he would always be the majority of the team. In this way, no one could take away his control of Makino Technology.

This kind of equity structure was a bit extreme. It might cause rejection from the capital market and the circulating market, but Li Mu did not care at all. He wanted to define capital and investors as pure capital cooperation, and not give them any opportunity to intervene in the actual operation of Makino Technology.

As for Louis Martin, Li Mu accepted his promise and told him, "One day in the future, I may really need you to join Makino Technology. At that time, I hope you can join Makino Technology immediately and serve Makino Technology. Of course, I will never treat you badly. All the conditions I give you will satisfy you."

Louis Martin immediately said, "Li Zong, don't worry. I will be at your disposal at any time!"