Chapter 888

In the end, Boss Ma decided on a two-million-dollar advertising budget during the meeting. William Yang didn't object, but he warned Boss Ma that if the advertising wasn't done well, the most important part of the promotion would be greatly affected.

However, Boss Ma used his own judgment to shut him up. "Mr. Yang, you don't understand the Hua Xia market, and you don't understand Li Mu either. His energy must be focused on YY, and his eyes must be on the American elite market. Not only can we compete with Taobao, but we can also divert the focus from Li Mu. When Li Mu is focusing on the overseas market, we will focus on the domestic market. Therefore, I believe that we will be able to achieve good results."

William Yang snorted. "Wouldn't it be better if we invest more in advertising?"

Boss Ma knew that he wouldn't give up, so he purposely said, "Then why don't we just invest two hundred million RMB in five to seven days? That would be enough to let the entire population of Hua Xia know about LeTao.com. Do you think that's appropriate?"

William Yang could tell that Boss Ma was deliberately trying to provoke him, so he sneered. "Then I don't think we should invest two million USD. Just invest two hundred thousand RMB as a gesture."

Boss Ma smiled. "That's why I'm advocating. The investment must be controlled. Only by grasping the most appropriate level can we achieve the highest ratio of investment to output."

"Oh?"

Yang Weilian raised an eyebrow. "Boss Ma, how do you know whether your speed is more suitable or mine?"

Boss Ma smiled faintly. His gaze was firm and somewhat disdainful. "I've been doing e-commerce in Hua Xia for three years. You haven't even been in Hua Xia for three weeks. Between you and me, who knows the Hua Xia market better?

After you've been in Hua Xia for three years, maybe you'll understand why I made this decision. "

"You …" William Yang was speechless. He simply waved his hand and said, "Alright, I don't want to argue with you. Whether it's appropriate or not, we'll leave it to the market to prove it!"

"Alright."

Boss Ma smiled faintly and said, "As Hua Xia's old saying goes, we'll ride on the donkey and read the libretto, just wait and see."

Yang Weilian looked at the time, stood up and said, "Since the matter has been settled, let's end our meeting here."

Boss Ma nodded and said to Li Zong, "Li Zong, you've been busy with your work in Hangzhou these days. You must not have tasted the delicacies in Hangzhou. I'll treat you to Hangzhou's specialties tonight."

Li Guoqing quickly nodded and said with a smile, "Then I'll wait for your arrangements."

William Yang went back to his office and closed the door. The first thing he did was to punch the air a few times and vent his dissatisfaction with Boss Ma. After that, he sat in front of his computer and wrote an email. He was going to send it to the head office in the United States. He wanted them to complain to SoftBank, saying that Boss Ma was too conservative and outdated. If Le Tao was under his management, it would be difficult for it to be a match for Taobao.

When Boss Ma returned to his office, he was somewhat annoyed. Although he had successfully made William Yang shut up, William Yang was still a great threat to him.

It seemed that he had SoftBank behind him, and William Yang had Amazon behind him. They were evenly matched. However, he was not a direct descendant of SoftBank. Their relationship was just that of an investor and an investor. To put it bluntly, he was more like a daughter-in-law of SoftBank, hoping to have a baby. SoftBank was his mother-in-law. If he could have a baby, it would be fine. If he couldn't, he would soon be eliminated by his mother-in-law.

But Amazon was different. William Yang was an Amazon employee, and he was now Amazon's top leader in Hua Xia. He was Amazon's son, and his mother would surely support him when he was working hard outside.

That's why Boss Ma's fight with William Yang was just the beginning. It would only get harder in the future.

The more things were like this, the more Boss Ma had to avoid making mistakes. If William Yang found out about this, he would surely report to SoftBank and Amazon and use this opportunity to weaken SoftBank's trust in him.

Boss Ma felt that 2 million USD for this advertisement was just right. But once this budget was set, it would be impossible for him to increase the budget if he realized it was not enough. It seemed that Li Mu would not focus on Taobao for the time being. But if Le Tao was launched, and Li Mu retaliated, would Boss Ma's 2 million USD budget be enough?

While Boss Ma was hesitating, he saw a notification popping up in his YY.

YY posted a piece of news with the title: "The Internet Has Exploded in Three Provinces and Two Cities. Online Purchases Have Become Popular!"

Boss Ma clicked on the push notification subconsciously. According to the details of the news, 'Internet Access' had received great praise and response in the three provinces and two cities. Citizens were enthusiastic about buying computers, and the number of new accounts for computers and broadband access had skyrocketed. Moreover, 40% of this huge sales volume came from Taobao, which was a very shocking proportion. The reason why there was such a high proportion of online purchases was that online Taobao had given a certain degree of additional discounts on the basis of all the preferential policies. This was due to the special sales model of Taobao, which eliminated the profit link of the middleman distributors.

The first half of the article introduced the current sales situation in the three provinces and two cities. The second half was looking forward to the situation. Once the "Internet Access" policy was implemented nationwide, domestic computer sales would enter an unprecedented climax. It was estimated that the computer sales in September would set a national record or even surpass the previous record.

At the end of the article, the author vaguely reminded users to pay more attention to Taobao, because Taobao had recently welcomed Lei Jun as the COO. Lei Jun was a new official, and his first move was likely to be a round of online computer sales promotion to add fuel to the flames of the "Internet Access" policy.

After Boss Ma finished reading the article, he immediately clapped his hands in excitement. In his opinion, this was great news. Makino Technology was Li Mu's business, and YY was also a platform to serve Li Mu. It would not make such a report for no reason. There was only one possibility, and that was that Taobao was preparing for a computer sales promotion. This article was definitely to warm up the market in advance.

If Taobao was preparing for a computer sales promotion, it was definitely good news for Le Tao. If Taobao did not do any activities in the near future, it meant that they would have extra energy reserves. Once Boss Ma finished reading the article, they would definitely respond immediately. However, Taobao was definitely preparing for a computer sales promotion. In his opinion, this was really great news.

However, Taobao was definitely preparing for a promotion, and it was a computer promotion. The resources and energy involved in the promotion were too much. Once Taobao started this promotion, it would be impossible to launch other promotions at the same time. After their own promotion was launched, it would be difficult for them to have the energy to deal with it. This meant that Taobao and Le Tao's promotion had a fundamental difference. Although everyone was doing business in the same place, you opened a hardware store, and I opened a tobacco and hotel. They did not interfere with each other, and it was not enough to be a threat.

Boss Ma even thought that this time, Taobao was also doing something related to electronic products. He was afraid that it would deepen the user's impression of it as a professional seller of electronic products. If Le Tao could take this opportunity to create an impression of a professional seller of daily necessities in the user's mind, then he could greatly prevent Taobao from developing into daily necessities.

The more Boss Ma thought about it, the more relaxed he felt. It seemed that his chances of success were very high this time. However, he never dreamed that this would be the first smoke bomb released by Li Mu.

…

The next morning, when Boss Ma had just arrived at the company, Cai Chongxin found him and told him that he had just received a piece of news.

"The people of Makino Technology are booking all the major media resources. There might be a large-scale promotional activity in the near future."

This news was Li Mu's second smoke bomb.

Boss Ma couldn't help but frown, but after a moment, he immediately relaxed. "They definitely want to use this opportunity to promote a wave of news that YY is popular in the American market."

Cai Chongxin nodded. "I think so too. Recently, Makino Technology has been saying that it wants to go into Series C, but it hasn't gone deep into the negotiations with the venture capitalists. YY suddenly became popular in the United States, and this became the capital that Li Mu asked for from the venture capitalists. YY's trend overseas is getting better and better. If they seize this opportunity to promote it in the country, according to the mentality of the people, I'm afraid that the whole country will regard him as a hero and Makino Technology as the number one Internet national enterprise that has won glory for the country. At that time, I estimate that Makino Technology's market value is not just 20 or 30 billion, it might even be 50 billion."

Boss Ma sighed and said with a longing and a tinge of jealousy, "Li Mu is too amazing. If Makino Technology's fever doesn't subside, it's not impossible for it to reach a market value of 50 billion. However, I think when the market value reaches 50 billion, the capital might not even dare to enter. There's too much of an overstatement. Once the fever subsides, the market value will greatly shrink, and the capital will definitely wait for the fever to subside before entering."

Cai Chongxin said, "That depends on how long Li Mu's YY will be popular overseas. If it's just a flash in the pan, it will be abandoned by the American market after a few months, and then the market value will definitely plunge. However, if Li Mu can go against the trend and gain a foothold in the American market, and then take the opportunity to expand, not only will the market value not fall, but it will also continue to rise rapidly."

Boss Ma waved his hand. "I don't think it's possible. The American market is very complicated and competitive. Li Mu probably hasn't anticipated it yet. I'm not saying bad things about him, but he hasn't even been to the United States. How can he make his product strong in the American market?

Even I, who has been to the United States many times, don't have this confidence. "

Cai Chongxin said, "Li Mu has never played by the rules. Who knows how he will promote YY in the overseas market this time."

Boss Ma smiled faintly. "Don't worry about him. Our opponent is Li Mu, but to be specific, our opponent is Li Mu's Taobao Network, not Makino Technology."