Chapter 1

I accidentally published the book for four months and 760,000 words. Today, it finally made it to the top of the cover that I've been dreaming of. I'm extremely excited.

I'm especially grateful to Yisuo for his help. He's really a patient and experienced editor. I'm also grateful to my current editor, Fan Fan. I'm also grateful to Qidian and all my readers.

Buge is an Internet employee. He does some of the worse things in the Internet industry. He's busy both online and offline. He's busy during the day, at night, and on weekends and holidays. When he's exhausted, he'll ask himself with a bitter smile. There are so many things in the world that he can do part-time, but why did he choose to write novels? Writing is a career that doesn't dare to stop even for a day. He's digging so deep that he can't even climb out of it. I'm here, I've dug, I've gone in, and I can't get out of it.

There were a few times when I fell asleep in front of the computer. There were a few times when I had to write the next morning's update and set the time to update before going to sleep. There were a few times when I thought about giving up, but I told myself countless times that this isn't a job that I can just do if I want to or not. I'm writing, creating, creating a story with flesh and blood. I have thousands of readers who have paid to subscribe to the original version. I can't let myself wither while they're chasing after this book. So I clenched my teeth and persevered. No matter what, I clenched my teeth and persevered.

I've been so busy these few days, day, night, and weekends. I can't find any leisure time. I feel like I've never been so busy at work. There were a few times when I only managed to upload the update at 23: 59 at night. My heart is beating faster than when I'm rushing for the train. This is because I've been writing for four months. Sometimes, I can upload ten to twenty thousand words a day, and sometimes, I can only upload two thousand words a day. But I haven't stopped updating this book. I don't want to set a precedent because I'm too busy. I want to grit my teeth and persevere. I want to keep updating, for myself, for you, and for this book.