Chapter 811

As for the idea that Li Mu didn't want to tell Wu Haijun, Li Mu had gone over it many times in his mind and had a general idea.

Makino Technology's R&D capabilities were too strong. Li Mu planned to cooperate with the internet cafe chain project to create an internet cafe management system and an internet cafe desktop system.

The internet cafe management system was naturally for the internet cafe to operate more efficiently in the future, and the internet cafe desktop system was a new profit model that Li Mu wanted to explore. With the internet cafe desktop system, he could extend two sources of income: internet cafe advertising platform and game distribution platform.

Advertising platform was basically advertising on the internet cafe computer desktop and pop-up windows. Every screen was not only a window for players to experience, but also a window for information display. As long as one had the ability to display information, one could use it to earn advertising fees. Because internet cafes were physical places, it was very suitable for local businesses to advertise. Moreover, local advertising was more refined, and the conversion rate was much higher than online advertising. Therefore, if internet cafe advertising was developed, it could develop into a considerable amount of income.

As for the game distribution platform, it was a profitable business!

Right now, the online gaming market was just starting to explode, and the competition was far from fierce. In the future, there would be more and more netizens, more and more gamers, more and more game companies, and more and more games. At that time, the online gaming competition would enter a white-hot stage.

Because most of the current online games were client-side games, which required users to download and install the game client before playing the game, the cost of using it was too high. Therefore, the cost of promoting new client-side games was extremely high.

Most users would play the few popular online games in internet cafes, and rarely would they download various new games to try out unless the game company was exceptionally good at promoting them.

However, what if the new game was already installed in the internet cafe computers, placed in an eye-catching position on the desktop, and even the background of the computer desktop was a poster of the game?

At that time, there would be no need for additional promotion, and the users would have a high chance of becoming players of the game themselves.

Then, the users would only need to double-click the mouse to try out the new game. Compared to downloading and installing, this was a huge leap!

One computer was nothing, but what about tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of computers?

That influence would be too awesome!

Moreover, one very important point was that the proportion of netizens in internet cafes who played games was much higher than those at home. Most of the netizens in internet cafes played games, which was why the conversion rate was so high.

In the future until 2016, online gaming would be a money-printing industry. The cash flow would be amazing, and almost no one could compete with it except for e-commerce companies like Taobao. Li Mu's future Storm Entertainment would also continue to make quick money from the gaming industry. At the same time, online gaming would be an essential part of the Makino Technology 'framework. The next online gaming plan would be a huge and important strategic plan. If it had the ability to occupy the internet cafes, then it would have a trump card when competing with other games.

This killer move was even more ruthless than YY pop-up windows. YY pop-up windows could only promote their own products, but their own Internet Cafe system could directly not install their competitors' games. This would reduce a large portion of their competitors' market space, and the loss of doing so would only be the sacrifice of a small number of customers.

This was Li Mu's bigger and more far-reaching plan for the internet cafe chain project. Therefore, there was no need for internet cafe chains, and if they wanted to do it, they had to make it big.

Once they thought about making it big, they had to re-examine the cost of internet cafe chains.

The initial investment of internet cafe chains was very high, and from the construction costs, hardware costs, personnel costs, and operating costs, there was no link that could be saved. It was unlike the internet, where there was no bubble to speak of. There was no way to rent shops in the country on credit or in arrears. The cost of computers could not be dragged down by Wu Haijun. Even if the recovery of the cost of tens of thousands of computers was slightly slower, it would still drag down the current Shenzhou. Therefore, every cent was real money.

Logically speaking, they could first invest in tens or even hundreds of internet cafes, match them with a complete set of software and hardware standards, build up their reputation, and then open up the franchise. However, Li Mu was not prepared to open up the franchise in the early stages, because the franchise would have to sacrifice control. Therefore, Li Mu was thinking of opening up 500 to 1,000 internet cafes and covering all the cities in the country first.

Although he did not consider taking in the franchise, if there was capital that was interested and willing to invest, he would welcome it with both hands. Anyway, his goal was not to rely on internet cafes to make money. As long as he could ensure that he had absolute control, it was fine even if he did not have a controlling stake. What he really wanted was the additional value that internet cafes could bring.

In addition, Li Mu had another consideration. The internet cafe management system and desktop system were tool software. Most internet cafes had to spend money to purchase them, and they were very expensive. If his own research and development team could develop this system far beyond the competition, then he could also open this system to other internet cafes for free. Then, he could use technical means to lock the program so that others could not crack it. In this way, he could control more internet cafes' desktops.

At this time, Wu Haijun, who was sitting opposite Li Mu, did not know that Li Mu's plan had already been foiled. At this moment, his heart was filled with joy. Getting on Li Mu's fast train was really awesome. If he had rejected Li Mu back then, he would probably find a skyscraper to jump from now on out of regret.

After seeing Wu Haijun off, it was almost midnight. Li Mu was not sleepy at all. He turned on the computer and logged into the company's intranet, wanting to see the current recruitment situation of Makino Technology.

Li Mu himself had been in the Internet industry for many years, and he was very familiar with various products that could improve work efficiency. Therefore, the intranet that Li Mu supervised and developed was actually not as simple as a website, but a product with a huge function.

This set of intranet system developed a dedicated page for each department. Information such as the progress of various work, the status of products, and real-time data were updated in this set of intranet in a timely manner. The entire system was open to all employees of Makino Technology, but according to everyone's different positions, everyone had different permissions. Li Mu had the highest permissions, and he could access all the information in the company's intranet.

The human resources information that Lin Ching-ah was responsible for had multiple permissions settings on the company's page. Only she and Li Mu could browse all the human resources information, including the information of employees already employed, employees waiting to be employed, as well as the information and progress of interviewees. Other department leaders could only browse the human resources information corresponding to their own departments.

Li Mu mainly looked at the column of employees waiting to be employed. This set of internal system had a rating for all registered employees and recruiters, ranging from 1 to 10. The higher the rating, the stronger the person's strength and qualifications. There were a total of 87 employees waiting to be employed, and none of them was rated 10. This was also because Li Mu's basic requirement of 10 was too high. He rated Fang Xudong, who joined Makino Technology from Google, as a 9, and himself as an 8. Only he himself was somewhat guilty. If he was a level 10 guru, then he really had to be a well-known technology guru in the Internet industry.

There were two people at level 9. One was a developer in Microsoft, and his name was Xue Yue. The other was a database related architect in Oracle, and his name was Zhang Di.

Li Mu searched his memory, but he could not remember the names of these two people. He looked at the information briefly. Both of them were from Hua Xia, and they had not migrated yet.

From the resumes of these two people, they were both middle to high-level R&D personnel, but they were not at the level where they could really take on a big project in Microsoft or Oracle. Therefore, this kind of level probably had a higher income, but it was normal in the companies they belonged to. There were a lot of people like this in such companies. Therefore, as long as Muye Technology's conditions were high enough and attractive enough, it was not difficult for them to make the decision to return to China.

Li Mu went through the 87 people one by one. Among the 87 people, he could not remember the name of any of them. This also meant that among the 87 people who were about to be employed by Makino Technology, there was no real guru.

Li Mu was a little disappointed. But after thinking about it carefully, he realized that it was not so easy to deal with a bull. How could he just casually look at it?

After that, Feng Yu looked at the interview progress. This list contained the information of the people that Makino Technology had recently interviewed and the people that they were going to invite for interviews. The number of people in this list was huge. 339 people had been interviewed, 481 people had been invited but had not been interviewed, and 594 people were going to be invited for interviews.

Li Mu was speechless. No wonder Lin Ching-ah kept saying that the interview intensity was very high recently. There were 339 people who had been interviewed, and the HR department's workload was not only in the interview. They also had to filter and contact people before the interview. From this data, Feng Yu could tell that they had received 339 + 481 people for interviews. That was 820 people!

As Li Mu was thinking about giving a team award to the HR department, he quickly browsed through these thousands of names. Page after page, Li Mu only looked at these names to see if he had heard of them in his previous life.

After flipping through so many pages that Li Mu felt dizzy, Li Mu still did not find a familiar name.

Just when Li Mu was about to give up, an extremely ordinary name suddenly attracted his attention.

Xu Bo.

When Li Mu saw this name, his mind instinctively filtered it out. But when he glanced at the "current company" column behind the name and saw that it was "NetEase," a light flashed in Li Mu's mind.

That light was like lightning, appearing and disappearing quickly. Li Mu could not catch the details and could not help but think in his mind, "NetEase's Xu Bo. Why do I feel like I've heard of this name before?"

Then, Li Mu opened his resume.

He was 25 years old this year, but the work time written on his resume was less than a year ago. This meant that this person had just joined NetEase at the end of last year and was working as a game designer.

Game designer …

"F * ck!" Li Mu slapped his thigh excitedly. The clue in his mind became clearer: Xu Youzhen!

Old Xu!

…