Chapter 835

Compared with Zhao Xianliang, Xie Yun was definitely a model of open-minded parents.

Most of Hua Xia's parents were relatively conservative about their children's love and sexual affairs. They were not as open-minded as the parents in Western countries. However, Xie Yun knew very well that sex was a part of human nature. Although Hua Xia's parents were conservative, the young people in Hua Xia's area did not lag behind the Western countries in terms of sexual attitudes. This was not a bad thing in her eyes. A scholar like her, who was born in a scholarly family and was an intellectual who truly studied for the sake of studying, pursued more respect for human nature in terms of thinking.

Since the last time she saw her daughter and Li Mu, Xie Yun knew in her heart that if she still wanted to stop this kind of thing, she would be deceiving herself and others. Even if she really stopped it, the damage to the child would be very serious. Therefore, she had accepted and acquiesced to the relationship between Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu. Because of this, she had bought a house in Yanjing for Zhao Ziqiu behind Zhao Xianliang's back.

Zhao Ziqiu had been home for more than a month during the holiday and had not seen Li Mu. Now that Li Mu finally came, how could she not understand this point in her heart?

At the same time, she also knew Zhao Xianliang's character. Since Li Mu came, he would definitely take good care of Zhao Ziqiu. In this case, if Zhao Ziqiu wanted to stay out at night, it was really a fool's dream. With his character, he would definitely explode with anger.

Although Xie Yun also wanted to twist her husband's thinking, if her daughter didn't come home at night regardless of him, it would be too much.

In this case, the only way to fulfill her daughter's wish was to keep Li Mu at home.

Zhao Ziqiu also understood the meaning of her mother's words. She suddenly blushed. After thinking about it carefully, she could not help but thank her mother's thoughtful consideration in her heart. In any case, this was the best solution.

At this moment, Li Mu, who was in Yan Jing, was a little worried.

It was the first time that he went to Hangzhou to meet Zhao Ziqiu's parents, so he had to show his sincerity. Not to mention anything else, he had to bring a gift to express his sincerity. However, no matter how hard Li Mu thought about it, he couldn't think of what to give.

Zhao Ziqiu's family was very well-off. Speaking of which, he could only be regarded as a nouveau riche. Zhao Ziqiu's family had gone through so many years of accumulation to have today's strength, which proved that she was definitely more meticulous than him in terms of consumption concept, ideology, food, and usage.

In this case, Li Mu also knew what he should give to Zhao Ziqiu, so that he would not appear to be impolite, nor would he make Zhao Ziqiu's parents feel too shabby.

There were many luxury stores in Yan Jing. Li Mu was willing to spend tens of thousands of yuan to buy a branded bag for Zhao Ziqiu's mother. However, he was afraid that if he could buy it in Yan Jing, Zhao Ziqiu's mother might not like it.

After going to Wangfujing, where there were more luxury goods in Yan Jing for a long time, Li Mu still couldn't decide what to give to Zhao Ziqiu. Finally, after thinking about it, he felt that he had to ask someone for advice.

Li Mu thought that this kind of thing must be asked by a woman first. Secondly, this woman's family must be well-off enough. It would be best if it could be on par with Zhao Ziqiu's family. Only such a person could really understand what kind of gifts Zhao Ziqiu's parents, who were really from the upper class, liked.

There must be a woman, and her family must be very rich. Li Mu could only think of three people: Dufy, Du Wei, and Lin Lin.

Li Mu was not so familiar with Lin Lin, so this person was directly passed. In this way, there were only Dufy and Du Wei left. Du Wei was too young and probably didn't know much about these things, so Dufy became the best choice.

Li Mu hurriedly called Dufy and asked her when he got up, "If you want to give a gift to a couple in their forties, what kind of gift would be suitable?"

The first thing Dufy asked was, "What's the family's condition?"

The economic condition determined the level of life. This was for sure.

Li Mu said, "The kind that is especially rich."

"Oh …" When Dufy heard this, she said, "Then give it as a gift. It's best if it is exquisite, meaningful, and relatively special."

Li Mu said, "Can you directly recommend it?"

Dufy said, "If it's a man, why don't you give some jasmine tea?

Yanjing's jasmine tea is a very famous local product. "

Li Mu said, "The couple lives in Hangzhou."

"Oh …" Dufy said, "Then don't show off in front of an expert. There are two groups of people in Hua Xia who are best at drinking tea. One group is in Hangzhou, and the other group is in Yangcheng."

Li Mu said, "Then give me an idea."

Dufy asked again, "What kind of temperament do the two people have?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "The man has the style of a big boss, and the woman … is a little like a lady from a wealthy family."

Dufy pondered for a while and said, "How about this, you buy a good pen for the man. Wan Baolong's limited edition usually costs about two to three hundred thousand, and then buy a diamond brooch for the woman. If you buy a European or American first-line product, it should also cost about two to three hundred thousand."

When Li Mu heard this, he was secretly speechless. He was not a businessman who had primitive savings and lived a rich life for many years. Hundreds of thousands of pens, hundreds of thousands of brooches, at first glance, sounded a little scary.

However, Li Mu quickly adjusted his mentality. Hundreds of thousands of dollars was not a problem, the key was to be able to make the other party like it. After careful consideration, Dufy's suggestion was indeed very good. Pens were very necessary for entrepreneurs. The better the pen, the more it set off their identity. He believed that Zhao Xianliang would definitely use it. Things like brooches had always been the standard for rich women in the West. It was said that the accessory that the Western upper-class women really loved was the brooch. Although it was not big, it was very meaningful.

So, Li Mu asked her, "These two things you mentioned, where can I buy them?"

Dufy said, "You definitely can't buy them in stores. I have a friend who does these things. I'll give you his number."

…

Li Mu's plane landed at Hangzhou Airport at five o 'clock in the afternoon on time. Among Wang Yuanlang and the other two people, two of them took the same flight as him, and the other person arrived in Hangzhou ahead of time. Before Li Mu arrived in Hangzhou, he had already rented a car and was waiting at the airport.

Li Mu did not communicate with Wang Yuanlang and the other bodyguard the whole time, but the two people had been secretly protecting him not far from him.

Walking alone to the exit, Li Mu saw Zhao Ziqiu and her mother, Xie Yun, waiting here.

Li Mu then walked quickly to the two of them. Before he reached them, he was recognized by Zhao Ziqiu. Happy, Zhao Ziqiu trotted all the way to meet Li Mu and directly threw herself into his arms.

Wearing a mask, Li Mu whispered in her ear, "Little girl, did you miss me?"

Zhao Ziqiu kept nodding and said in a sweet voice, "I've been waiting for you for so long. You're finally here."

Li Mu patted her on the back and said softly, "I'm sorry. I've been too busy before."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled slightly and said, "It's OK. I'm very satisfied that you can come."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I see that Auntie is also here. Let's go and say hello to her."

Zhao Ziqiu took Li Mu's arm and they came to Xie Yun. Li Mu took off the earpiece on one side of the mask and said politely, "Hello, Auntie."

Xie Yun nodded with a smile and said, "Hello, welcome to Hangcheng."

Saying that, she pointed to Li Mu's mask and said, "You'd better put it on. You're a public figure after all."

Li Mu nodded slightly and put on the mask again.

Xie Yun said warmly, "Your Uncle Zhao has already ordered food and is waiting for us at the restaurant. There's a traffic jam on the way to the city. Let's go to the restaurant first and then go home."

"OK, I'll listen to you." Li Mu nodded. He knew that he was a guest, so he naturally followed Xie Yun's instructions.

Xie Yun drove Zhao Ziqiu here by herself. She drove a Bentley Red Seal Elegance at home. Those who could drive this kind of car in 2002 were definitely the top in Hua Xia.

Li Mu didn't understand the meaning of super luxury cars. Be it Rolls-Royce or Bentley, he actually didn't like them very much. However, it was the first time in his two lives that he sat in a Bentley, especially when he sat in the back seat of a Bentley. He found that super luxury cars were really comfortable to sit in, especially not to drive.

On the way, Xie Yun asked Li Mu while driving, "Have you been to Hangzhou before?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Once."

Xie Yun asked, "Where did you go last time?"

Li Mu said, "I just went to West Lake. I didn't go anywhere else."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "There are still a lot of fun places in Hangzhou. Why don't you stay in Hangzhou for a few more days? Auntie will take you around."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "Thank you, Auntie Xie, but I'm afraid I won't be able to stay for too long this time. There are too many things to do in Yan Jing. I took a break from my busy schedule to come here. I should be going back the day after tomorrow."

Xie Yun asked, "Are you still so busy now?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Right now, many projects have entered the critical stage. In the future, I might be even busier than before."

Xie Yun sighed and said, "Although it's more fulfilling for young people to be busy, don't let yourself be too tired."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Auntie is right."

Xie Yun shook her head. She knew in her heart that a person like Li Mu was born to be a workaholic. He should belong to the same kind of person as her husband. If she wanted him to slow down a little, it would be more serious than killing him.

Zhao Ziqiu sat next to Li Mu and held Li Mu's hand all the time. Although she did not interrupt the conversation between her mother and Li Mu, she kept turning her head to look at Li Mu, her eyes full of deep love. Xie Yun occasionally looked back from the rearview mirror in the car and saw her daughter's infatuated look. She felt both helpless and distressed and thought to herself, "This little girl has a good eye. She has found such an excellent young man, but he is so busy. I'm afraid that he will have very little time to accompany you in the future. In the long run, can you bear it?

Don't be like your mother. When she can't bear it, she has to force herself to be a strong woman and accompany her man in his career. "

Zhao Xianliang sat alone in the courtyard box of Hangxuan Restaurant and sulked for a long time until the waiter opened the door. As soon as the door opened, he saw Li Mu standing next to his wife and daughter. He really felt indescribable jealousy in his heart.

Li Mu entered the door at Xie Yun's invitation. He smiled and said respectfully to Zhao Xianliang, "Hello, uncle."

Zhao Xianliang nodded lightly without expression and did not speak.

Seeing that her husband's behavior was a little rude, Xie Yun couldn't help but glare at him.

Zhao Xianliang felt the strong dissatisfaction from his wife's eyes. He hurriedly said, "Well, you're here?"

…