Chapter 286

Xu Jiahua's behavior worried Hui Ka Ming. If Xu Jiahua had really set his eyes on Makino Technology, the most popular ship in the Internet field, then he would undoubtedly be greatly affected.

During this period of time, he and Li Mu had gotten along quite well. Li Mu had also asked him for help a few times. Based on his understanding of Li Mu, if he wanted to invest in Makino Technology, Li Mu would not reject him. If he could invest all his funds in Makino Technology, he would have a chance to turn the tables in the last year.

However, if Xu Jiahua also wanted to invest in Makino Technology, then regardless of whether Li Mu would accept his investment, he would definitely find ways to stop him from investing in Makino Technology. That would be disgusting.

Li Mu did not think too much about it. As a few "acquaintances" appeared one after another, Xu Jiahua was quickly forgotten by him. Boss Ma of Alibaba Bar was here, Boss Ma of Tengxun was here, Boss Zhou of 3721 was here, Boss Lei of Jinshan was here, and even the founder of Hao123, Li Xingping, who was named the best individual webmaster in the country, was here.

More and more familiar people came in, but at this moment, they did not have any dazzling halo around them. After these people arrived, some of them chatted with a few acquaintances, and some went straight to their seats. What Li Mu did not expect was that Lei Jun, who would be known as Lei Jun in the future, was actually sitting diagonally behind him.

In the future, Lei Jun had yet to start playing with hardware. His position was the CEO of Jinshan Software. Although Jinshan was not in the "Big Boss Gathering Area" at the side of the stage, it was arranged to be in the middle of the first row. From this, one could see Jinshan's position in the Internet field. They had the support of the big brand Lenovo, and they also had a few popular products. In the software field, they were indeed one of the better companies.

After Lei Jun sat down, he first chatted with the acquaintances beside him. Then, he turned around and saw Li Zong of Baidu. After exchanging a few words, he saw Li Mu sitting right behind him.

Lei Jun actually took the initiative to extend his hand to Li Mu and said with a smile, "Hello, I am the Thunder Monarch."

Li Mu smiled and shook his hand, saying, "Nice to meet you, President Lei. My name is Li Mu.

“

Lei Busi smiled and said, "I know you. I've seen it on television. Tieba is really a good product. Also, the battle between you and Q Bar was really beautiful."

Chairman Ma, who was sitting in the first row and three seats away, heard the noise. He turned his head to look at the two of them and then looked away. His expression was slightly unnatural.

Lei Jun saw Boss Ma's reaction and smiled slightly. He said to Li Mu, "I think that 3321's Alipay service is very interesting. It is also targeted at the elite social groups and university students. Our Outstanding Web Site is doing quite well in the B2C field of books and audiovisual products. If 3321's Alipay service is open to the Outstanding Web Site, we will pay a certain channel fee. What do you think?"

Li Mu was startled. Lei Jun's eyes were so sharp?

He had already noticed Alipay at this time?

Currently, Alipay was only a payment tool for 3321. He had never exposed it as a payment channel!

In other words, Chairman Ma of Alibaba Bar probably could not see this layer because he had not even launched Taobao's business model. In his mind, Alipay must be a derivative of Taobao. However, Lei Jun, who was working on the software, actually saw it?

However, Li Mu changed his mind. Lei Jun might not really be interested in Alipay. He should be interested in Alipay's users, which were the more than ten thousand parents who used 3321 to find private tutors for their children, as well as the close to twenty thousand university students who used 3321 to find private tutors for part-time jobs. However, the business in Shanghai had already started to be promoted. It would probably not be long before it reached the scale of Yanjing.

The middle-aged people who had high incomes and were familiar with computers and the internet could basically be counted as elite users. Moreover, they had purchasing power. This kind of users would definitely have a higher demand for physical books than ordinary people. Needless to say, university students, whether it was for study or interest, would go to the bookstore almost every week.

Perhaps Lei Jun was interested in the high-quality customers in his hands, so he used Alipay as an entry point to talk to him about this.

Li Mu smiled humbly and said tentatively, "Chairman Lei, although Alipay was never prepared to be opened to third-party companies, since you said it, we can consider working together. However, to ensure the purity of 3321, we can only provide Alipay's interface and not any 3321 users. Otherwise, people will suspect that we are using 3321 to make commercial profits."

“

Lei Jun was stunned for a moment, then smiled awkwardly and said, "Okay, hehehe. I'll get my men to contact you another day." After saying that, he nodded and turned his head away.

Li Mu was stunned. Lei Jun was really realistic. After hearing the meaning in his words, his attitude immediately changed. He said that he would get his men to contact him another day, but he did not ask for Li Mu's contact information at all. What he said was a little hypocritical.

However, Li Mu carefully thought about the future Chairman Lei and did not find it strange. He laughed at himself and did not take it to heart.

…

The official stage of the Internet Conference was actually quite boring. The host came out to warm up the crowd, then it was time for the leaders to speak. After the leaders spoke about the various requirements, expectations, and hopes for the Internet, the scene then entered the time for the industry big shots to give their speeches.

There were a few breaks in the middle, and each break was a good opportunity for industry insiders to chat in groups. Li Mu sat still, and there were always many people coming up to chat with him and ask about the next development direction of Makino Technology. Li Mu was prepared to tactfully refuse to answer this question, but to his surprise, there were indeed too many people paying attention to Makino Technology. Some of them were purely curious, some wanted to evaluate the future development prospects of Makino Technology, and some were worried that the future direction of Makino Technology would clash with theirs.

Li Mu organized a unified reply in his mind and said, "Makino Technology will definitely continue to do a good job in Tieba, the world's largest Chinese community, and find a way to develop horizontally on the basis of Tieba. In addition, I'm very optimistic about navigation websites. Now that there are navigation websites that have sold our 'Tieba' keywords, they have taken away a lot of our traffic like hooligans. Therefore, we are also preparing to make our own navigation website. This should be the focus of Tieba's next stage."

“

Everyone knew that Li Mu's words reflected Hao123, so they did not doubt Li Mu's words. However, Li Zong, who was sitting beside him, despised Li Mu in his heart. He did not even bother to come up with a new reason to lie. This kid was indeed shameless to the extreme.

In the afternoon, Li Mu sat in his chair and listened to the speeches of a few big names in the industry. Netease's Mr. Ding's bold deduction about online games benefited Li Mu a lot. He had never made games before and lacked sufficient understanding of online games. However, Mr. Ding repeatedly mentioned the huge appeal of online games to users and compared the gaming business to the bone marrow of the human body. The implication was obvious. For a large internet company, the gaming business carried the important role of producing blood.

For a company, blood was money. It was the most important part of the company's operations, and the cash flow of online games was abnormally strong. In the future, Shengda, Jiucheng, Tengxun, and NetEase, their core revenue basically came from online games.

However, the concept of making big money from online games was still not widely believed in by the internet industry. Therefore, during Mr. Ding's entire speech, almost everyone was shocked and confused. Some even looked at him with disdain. Only one person's eyes lit up. That person was the boss of Shengda, Chen Tianqiao.

Li Mu felt a little itchy in his heart. Making games was indeed very profitable, and it was a large amount of cash. However, he did not have the energy to make games at the moment. Should he hurry up and earn some money to buy a game company?

With a game management team, he would be able to get his hands on an awesome game in the future.

However, which game companies were worth buying?

Shengda couldn't afford it. The Legend of Mir was gaining momentum, and Chen Tianqiao would rather die than let an outsider get on board. NetEase was now a big name on the internet, and they wouldn't care about him. Tengxun was in the same situation as him. They hadn't started making games yet, and many other companies hadn't really started to rise.

Li Mu hurriedly took out the seating list and looked at the names of the participating companies. He searched for clues in his memory, and halfway through, his eyes suddenly lit up.

The Ninth City of Shanghai.

This was also a rather awesome game company in the past. It started off as a virtual community and rose to prominence with the help of Miracle MU. With the help of World of Warcraft, it successfully got listed on NASDAQ. However, with the failure of its operations and the arrogance of its founder, Zhu Jun, the once awesome Jiucheng became completely useless.

However, what made Li Mu curious was the current situation of the Ninth City.

The Legend of Mir had just become popular, and their Miracle would probably be a little later. They would have to wait until at least next year to start operations. In his memory, the actual commercial operation was in 2003, and there was still more than a year before that.

Li Mu asked Li Zong, who was beside him, "Li Zong, do you know anything about the Ninth City?"

Li Zong frowned and looked at Li Mu. He said sincerely, "To be honest, I really don't want to talk to you …"

Li Mu nudged him with his elbow and said with a smile, "Don't be so stingy. We have a cooperative relationship."

Li Zong said bitterly, "Yes, partners. Because of that, I've never thought of taking advantage of you. What about you?"

Li Mu said with a face full of sincerity, "I didn't cheat you!"

Li Zong snorted. He didn't want to continue arguing with Li Mu on this topic. On the surface, it seemed like everyone was willing, but in reality, Li Mu had dug a hole for himself. Everyone knew about this, but once they said it out loud, it would be fair. It was meaningless.