Chapter 1674

That night, when the news of Mars holding a press conference and the chairman of the board personally apologizing to Makino Technology spread around the world, Roland Mars, one of the protagonists of the news, was sitting in a hotel having a conference call with the board members far away in the United States.

As soon as the conference call began, the members of the board questioned the progress. Although the United States and Hua Xia were separated by thousands of mountains and rivers, in the information age, inquiries spread around the world at the speed of light. The Mars board of directors only had a few seconds of delay in receiving information in the United States.

Now, the news of Mars publicly admitting defeat to Li Mu had exploded in the United States. The American media simply did not sleep and got up overnight to write reports. Some said that this was Mars's own doing, while others said that this was the manifestation of Makino Technology's dominance on the Internet. The netizens who stayed up late were also discussing it. Even if the Mars board members were in the United States, more than 10,000 kilometers away from the press conference, they still felt their faces burning. This kind of admitting defeat was too shameful in their eyes.

However, they had already lost face. What they were most concerned about now was whether Roland Mars could get Li Mu's forgiveness after his personal apology.

Roland Mars said with a resentful face, "I have reached a preliminary consensus with Li Mu. He can no longer go against us from now on, but the premise is that we must take out 100 million US dollars. As long as the money is given, Li Mu will immediately stop all actions against us."

"What!" The other end of the phone almost exploded.

100 million US dollars?

That was an astronomical figure. Mars had tried to blackmail Li Mu, but they did not get much in return. Now they had to fork out 100 million US dollars. That was a huge loss.

The other end of the phone chattered for a long time. Roland Mars could hear that almost everyone was against it.

Jimmy Mas, Roland's nemesis, questioned at that moment, "Roland, you groveled at the press conference and made the entire Mars Group lose face. Yet, you still didn't satisfy Li Mu. Now, you want to take out 100 million US dollars in exchange for Li Mu's forgiveness. Isn't this a ridiculous deal?"

Roland Marston immediately became angry and scolded, "Jimmy, don't be sarcastic to me here. If it were you, I'm afraid that Li Mu would make you sh * t your pants!"

After cursing angrily, Roland Mas didn't give them any chance to refute and continued, "Do you think Li Mu is the kind of person who just needs to apologize?

This guy has already schemed against us. Not only does he want to humiliate us, but he also wants to make us lose money. He wants to teach us a lesson and give others a strong warning! "

Jimmy Mas sneered and said, "Roland, don't brag about your opponent to cover up your incompetence. I think you're not capable enough. If someone more capable had gone to negotiate with Li Mu, there would have been a better result!"

Roland Mars sneered and said, "Don't f * cking talk nonsense with me. The whole process of my communication with Li Mu is recorded. I'll play it for you now. After you listen to it, tell me whether the board of directors wants to give the 100 million US dollars or not. If you decide not to give the money after listening to it, then I have no opinion. My only request is that everyone bear the consequences together. Don't let me take the blame!"

Jimmy Mas said disdainfully, "Since you have the recording, hurry up and play it for us. I really want to know how you were trampled on by Li Mu!"

Roland Mars took out his recording pen, connected it to his laptop, and began to play today's recording.

The dozen or so board members of Mars all held their breath in front of the phone, carefully listening to the conversation between Roland Mars and Li Mu.

At the beginning of the recording, most of the board members felt that Roland Masas had failed to do his job well. However, as the recording continued to play, their expressions became more and more solemn. When the recording finished, everyone only had two thoughts in their minds:

First, Li Mu was really not a f * cking human. He was a beast who ate human flesh raw.

Second, Roland Mars was really inhuman. If they were in that situation, they would first lose face in front of the global media, and then be pressed to the ground by Li Mu. They would probably suffer from mental illness.

When the recording was played, even Jimmy Mas was stunned, let alone the other board members who were wavering.

He didn't expect Li Mu to be so ruthless. Not only was his words watertight, but he also dug one pit after another. As long as he stepped into the first pit, he would have to step into it one after another. Roland Mars had tried his best to do what he could, but unfortunately, he had no initiative in front of Li Mu.

In fact, it would be the same no matter who was in his shoes.

Mars and Makino Technology's respective situations were right there. Mars was a bow and arrow, while Makino Technology was a jet fighter. No matter who used Mars' bow and arrow, it would be impossible to shoot down Makino Technology. They wouldn't even be able to touch it.

After listening to the recording, Jimmy Mas was silent. The other board members sucked in a cold breath in front of the phone. In their hearts, they had reached a consensus at this moment. A company like Makino Technology couldn't be provoked. They really couldn't be provoked.

Seeing that everyone was silent, Roland Mars sneered and asked, "What's wrong? Weren't you all alive and kicking just now?

Why aren't you talking now?

I'm still waiting for your decision.

Don't you think I'm not doing my job well?

Then let me ask you, this 100 million, are we going to pay or not? "

"Give it …" A member of the board said, "If we don't, Li Mu will always control the public opinion on the Internet, and our losses will only get bigger and bigger. To be honest, our losses in the global market can no longer be measured by 100 million US dollars. If this continues, our losses will only get bigger and bigger."

"Yes, give it … Let's keep the peace and shake hands with Makino Technology. We can't afford such torment anymore."

"Roland, you've worked hard. Before listening to the recording, I didn't expect you to be in such a difficult situation. You've sacrificed so much for the company this time. I believe everyone will remember it."

Roland Mas smiled and asked over the phone, "Where's Jimmy?

Don't you always think I'm not doing my job well?

Then tell me, are we giving or not giving this 100 million US dollars?

Or, I'll call Li Mu now and say that I won't donate this money. Then I'll go back to the United States. You come to Hua Xia and talk to Li Mu. What do you think? "

Jimmy Mas was terrified. The recording just now had already let him know that it was not that Li Mu was not easy to deal with, but that he could not be dealt with at all. Furthermore, Li Mu was too ruthless and temperamental. If Roland Mas really shirked his responsibility and pushed the burden to him, with Li Mu's character, he would only be angrier after being fooled once. At that time, 200 million US dollars might not be enough to appease Li Mu.

Since this was the case, not only could he not get involved, but he had to stay far away. Anyone involved in this kind of thing would lose a layer of skin.

So, Jimmy Mas hurriedly said, "Roland, I take back what I said just now. Li Mu really can't be dealt with, and you did a lot of work for the board of directors. I personally agree with the solution you reached with Li Mu. Although 100 million US dollars is a huge sum of money, we really can't waste any more time with Li Mu …"

Set a small goal first, such as: Booksellers House.