Chapter 694

Xiao Hao had been close to Li Mu since he was a child. Although Li Mu was a mess in his previous life, Xiao Hao had always respected him. He would call Li Mu every few days and go to Yan Jing from time to time. Every time he went, he would bring two cartons of cigarettes from his hometown for his brother who was a drifter in Beijing. There was a big age difference between the two brothers, but when they were adults, they had a lot in common. Xiao Hao was precocious, and he had been trained in the army, so he was much more mature than his peers.

Xiao Hao was the only kid in the Xiao family. He was the oldest in his mother's family. The closest brother was Li Mu, so he had always been somewhat dependent on Li Mu.

Li Mu thought about it and felt that what Xiao Hao encountered must have happened in his previous life. Although he changed his family conditions, he did not change his studies or the hooligans in his school.

Li Mu knew in his heart that with Xiao Hao's character, whether it was in his previous life or this life, he would definitely not tell anyone about this. He said it today because he wanted him to sign him up for a Sanda class. In his previous life, he never mentioned this. He probably knew that his cousin's family situation was not good. He knew that it was not easy for him to go to Jin Ling University, so he never thought about asking him to spend money for him. Therefore, he didn't know about this matter in his previous life.

In his previous life, when he lived to his thirties, Xiao Hao was the closest to Li Mu among his brothers and sisters. In this life, Li Mu even thought that even if Xiao Hao only graduated from high school in the future and couldn't enter a university, he would still sponsor him to study abroad to gain experience. After he came back, no matter what he learned, he would arrange for him to do something that far exceeded his peers. As long as he didn't fall, he would guarantee a good life for him. Therefore, when he heard that Xiao Hao was bullied at school, Li Mu made up his mind to help him solve this matter once and for all.

He brought Xiao Hao to the door of the private room. Before Li Mu pushed the door open, he heard the noise inside. It was very lively. Xiao Hao ran two steps and pushed the door open. In the large private room, a large family was sitting around a wide round table with a diameter of at least three meters, chatting. Everyone looked ruddy, and it was obvious that they were in a good mood and health.

When Papa Lee and Li Ma saw Li Mu come in, they both stood up happily and waved at Li Mu. Li Mu hurriedly came to the empty seats in front of them and greeted the elders at the table one by one.

His maternal grandparents were there, and so were his big uncle, little uncle, big aunt, and little aunt. Li Mu greeted them one by one, and the elders responded enthusiastically. In their eyes, Li Mu was the biggest pride of this family. They didn't know how much money Li Mu had earned, but Li Mu's 3321 was very popular. There were several reports on CCTV about 3321 and even about Li Mu himself. These elders usually regarded Li Mu as a topic that they could boast about outside.

Li Mu's big uncle was unusually enthusiastic, and his big aunt also swept away her usual arrogant attitude. She constantly asked Li Mu about his well-being and asked a lot of questions about his studies and life.

Li Mu wasn't very used to this kind of insincere enthusiasm. Although it was possible that his big uncle and aunt's enthusiasm wasn't fake, Li Mu also knew that this enthusiasm came from the money, not the person.

However, on the surface, Li Mu still gave the two of them sufficient respect. Whatever they asked, he patiently answered them, and didn't forget to thank them for their concern.

Cousin Xiao Yuanyuan looked at Li Mu, and there was a hint of unwillingness between her brows. In fact, she was quite dissatisfied with Li Mu. Ever since Li Mu became famous, she was often criticized by her parents. Li Mu's big aunt used to think that it was amazing that her daughter got into a university, but ever since Li Mu got into the National People's Congress, she always nagged at Xiao Yuanyuan. She said that if Xiao Yuanyuan had worked harder, she could have gotten into a key university in Yanjing, instead of getting into a university in Jinling, which wasn't enough to show off.

Other than that, Xiao Yuanyuan was often nagged by her parents because she spent too much money. Later on, this nagging increased. Her parents always liked to compare her with Li Mu. Whenever she compared herself with Li Mu, Xiao Yuanyuan would be criticized everywhere. Naturally, she felt a little indignant. The most infuriating thing was that there were many times when she asked her parents for money, but they told her to go work as a part-time tutor at No.3321 to earn her own living. It was really ridiculous. As a result, although she hadn't seen Li Mu for almost half a year, she was still quite unconvinced with him.

In his previous life, Li Mu rarely interacted with this cousin of his. Although they both went to university in Jinling, she always looked down on him, just like her mother. The two of them were basically ordinary acquaintances who nodded at each other. They didn't have any feelings for each other, let alone a sibling relationship. Seeing that her expression wasn't right, Li Mu didn't take it to heart.

After Li Mu sat down, First Uncle asked the waiter to pour wine for him. First Uncle was really generous this time. Not only did he book the largest private room in Haizhou Hotel, but there were also eight cold dishes on the table, two bottles of Wuliangye and two packets of soft Chunghwa, all of which were of high quality. This was definitely the most lavish treat First Uncle had given Li Mu's memory.

Originally, Li Mu didn't want to drink, but First Uncle insisted that the waiter use a wine dispenser to pour two glasses of wine for him. He said that in his memory, he and Li Mu hadn't had a proper drink before, so he had to drink a few glasses today.

Seeing the warm atmosphere at the table, Li Mu didn't refuse. After the waiter poured the wine, First Uncle raised his glass and said, "Let's all have a drink to welcome Little Mu."

Li Mu hurriedly stood up, raised his glass and said, "Grandpa, Grandma, Uncle, Aunty, and Aunty, thank you all for welcoming a junior like me today. I'll give you all a toast first."

After saying that, Li Mu tilted his head back and drank all the white wine in the glass. At least he didn't lose his manners in front of the elders.

Li Mu's First Uncle smiled until his eyebrows were bent. He said with a smile, "Little Mu has really grown up and become more sensible. No wonder he's the pride of our family!"

Next to him, Little Aunt smiled and said, "Of course, our family hasn't been on CCTV for two generations!

If you ask me, our Little Mu will definitely be among the top ten most outstanding youths in the country this year! "

Li Ma said, "Alright, don't put him on a pedestal. Let's have a toast as a family and quickly eat. Look at how hungry Xiao Hao is. His eyes are turning green."

The whole family laughed and raised their glasses of wine and drinks to drink together.

Li Mu really wasn't used to such a lively and enthusiastic family scene. In the past, he was used to living as a family of three. During Chinese New Year, there were very few people at home. His grandparents had always lived in the countryside, and every Chinese New Year, his parents would go back to visit. His uncle took care of the elderly in the countryside, so they could see each other during Chinese New Year, so he didn't often visit Li Mu's house. As for Li Mu's mother's relatives, other than his Youngest Uncle and Eldest Aunt, who often visited his house, his Eldest Uncle and Youngest Aunt basically didn't visit. So even during Chinese New Year, it was mostly the family of three at home. This was the first time they had such a lively scene.

Li Mu stopped drinking after a few glasses of wine. In the second half of the meal, he was busy dealing with all kinds of concerns and questions from his elders. His Uncle and Aunt were concerned about Li Mu's grades, and his Grandpa and Grandma were concerned about when Li Mu could find a girlfriend. In their opinion, Li Mu was old enough to be in a serious relationship. Li Mu didn't want to announce that he had a girlfriend too early, so he answered them vaguely.

During the meal, Li Mu kept an eye on his parents and found that they were really very different from before. They were happy, happy, confident, satisfied, gratified … They showed him a precious side that he rarely saw in his previous life, which made Li Mu extremely gratified and satisfied.

The table of people chatted for half the night. When they left the restaurant and went home, it was already nine o 'clock in the evening.

Papa Lee knew that they were going to drink, so he didn't drive. After the family of three said goodbye to their relatives, they walked home.

When they got home, Li Mu and his parents sat in the living room and talked about a topic that they hadn't talked about at the dinner table.

Li Mu asked his parents how big their business was. Papa Lee's answer surprised Li Mu.

At the moment, Papa Lee and Li Ma had opened three exclusive stores, and a Nike exclusive store was being renovated, which would open next month. In addition, they had also become the provincial representative of Noble Bird, registered a company, and hired several people to run it normally. Papa Lee and Li Ma were now talking about several middle-aged clothing brands. Li Ma liked the two women's clothing brands, Zolmei and Zilanmen, while Papa Lee liked the two men's clothing brands, Jinba and Qi Brand.

Li Mu was stunned and couldn't help but plead, "Please don't bother opening stores anymore. It's so tiring. How much money can you make?"

After saying this, Li Mu was ashamed. It was actually the most appropriate to say this, but he felt that he was different. He had a great love for the Internet, and he had a strong sense of mission. Even if it wasn't for money, he had to do it.

Unexpectedly, Papa Lee also said, "Your mother and I have long stopped making money. Speaking of making money, your mother and I can't even finish spending the money that our store earns. The reason why we want to make it bigger is that we want to have fun!

It's not easy for us to find a direction that we can do well. Why don't we take advantage of the fact that we're still young? "

Li Mu sighed, "But with so many stores, there are so many things to do. How can we be so busy?"

"Haha."

Papa Lee blurted out, "There's something I haven't told you yet. Your mother and I went out to investigate and found that the bigger cities are now starting to become shopping malls. Speaking of which, the clothing retail industry is really interesting. In the early years, it was all individual businesses. You opened a store, I opened a store, and some even built a shed to sell their clothes.

Later, department stores became popular for a few years, and many people who sold clothes gathered and plunged into department stores.

Later, there were more and more specialty stores, and department stores couldn't do it anymore. Everyone began to go to major specialty stores. This is the situation in Haizhou now. "

Speaking of this, Papa Lee took a sip of water and said excitedly, "But now, the big cities have changed their ways. Now, people are building high-end shopping malls and attracting specialty stores to sell in large shopping malls. A lot of people are flocking to the shopping malls. Look at those young people. They go into the shopping malls empty-handed, and when they come out, they are carrying bags of various brands …"

Li Mu was shocked. "Dad, what are you going to do?

Open a shopping mall in Haizhou?

Isn't this a little too big? "