Chapter 397

Chen Ze hoped to get a good suggestion from Li Mu, but Li Mu himself was a little confused.

Frowning and thinking for a long time, Li Mu said, "To be honest, I don't know how a race track can make a profit. It's almost the same as a stadium. Apart from renting it to the public, how else can it make a profit?

It's not even as diverse as a stadium. In addition to hosting sports activities, a stadium can also hold performances and concerts. But as for a race track, it has no other purpose except for racing, right?

What's more, domestic racing seems to be very backward. This industry is also very unpopular, which is destined to be difficult to get attention and capital to enter. The possibility of making a profit is too small … "

"Yes."

Chen Ze sighed. "My wish is to be able to push domestic racing one step forward, even if it's a small step. But now I'm not sure how much it will cost to push it."

As he spoke, Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and said without much confidence, "Actually, I want you to do it with me. You're more business-minded than I am. If you come in and do it for once, I'll leave all the operations to you. It'll be best if I f * cking manage the team."

Li Mu nodded, but when he thought of the problem of how to make a profit with such a large investment, he was also at a loss. After drinking two glasses of whiskey mixed with soda water with Chen Ze, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind, and he blurted out, "Why don't we just set up a club!"

"Set up a club?" Chen Ze asked in surprise, "What do you mean?"

At this moment, Li Mu thought of all kinds of sports car clubs set up by the second generations in his previous life. Although he didn't understand the internal operation of such clubs, these sports car clubs were very popular at that time. They were very attractive to sports car owners and ordinary people, and often became a hot topic in society. If they could set up a sports car club now and gather all the people who drove sports cars together, not to mention the interest groups behind these people, their spending power alone would be very strong.

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more feasible it was, so he said to Chen Ze, "Let's just set up a super sports car club based on the racing track. Relying on the racing track, we can package this club as the most high-end and authoritative sports car club in the country. This club is not only a platform for sports car owners to communicate and make friends, but also a place where they can drive their own sports cars and release their wild nature. Most importantly, a sports car can easily cost millions. Those who can afford a sports car must be very powerful people, either they are very powerful themselves or have a powerful background.

If we use sports cars to gather these people together, the potential of the club's connections will be limitless. The boss of a real estate company may be a member of this club, the son of a certain company may also be a member of this club, and even a certain official, the second or third generation of a certain family. These people can collide with each other and create more possibilities. If we operate it well, in the future, there may even be people who specially buy a sports car to join the club for the sake of the club's powerful network. "

Chen Ze said, "There are many high-end sports car clubs in the country. Just in Beijing alone, there are no less than five. The Gong Palace that we went to today is one of them. There is also the Chang 'an Club and the America Club. The members of these clubs are all very powerful, and they have basically realized the potential of the connections you mentioned."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's different. The biggest difference between these sports car clubs and the sports car clubs I mentioned is that they are different carriers. What are their carriers?

For young people like us, these clubs may not be really interesting. However, if we use sports cars as carriers, then it will be very different. Most of the people who like sports cars are young and frivolous. They are full of hormones and need more direct release. That's why they buy sports cars. If we can carry out the club's concept well and make all the car owners who don't have sports cars dream of joining our club, and make all the car owners who have sports cars feel proud of joining our club, then this club will be halfway to success. "

"Since it is a club, we naturally have to collect membership fees. People who drive sports cars don't care about the membership fees of tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of yuan a year. The key is what kind of service you can provide them. Don't forget that we want to build our own track, and it will be a Formula 3 track. In this way, we can pass on the construction and operation costs of the track to the members. Except for the team training days, we can open the track to the members at other times and organize them to participate in various racing activities. In this way, we can greatly reduce our track costs."

The more Li Mu said, the brighter Chen Ze's eyes became, as if he had suddenly grasped the key to success.

At this time, Li Mu added, "If we only provide racing services to our members, it will be far from enough. Racing is our unique advantage, and we need to provide the basic services that other clubs provide. Our club will be located next to the race track. We can build a high-class clubhouse and a high-standard hotel, and we can also add professional maintenance and repair services to our supercars. The maintenance and repair of domestic supercars is still a very troublesome problem. Last time, Lin Lin's 911 rear-ended my car, and her 911 couldn't even be repaired in Yanjing. The 911 is only a entry-level sports car, and it's already like that. What about Ferrari?

What about a Ferrari? "

"We need to combine the life and entertainment of our members with cars, so that they can enjoy car life, car entertainment, and all the customization services related to cars. In this way, we can increase the derivative income of supercar owners. In addition, these supercar owners are all financial backers. In the future, when our racetracks and teams need sponsors and advertisers, they will be the best choice, which will be very helpful to the operation of the racetracks and teams." "Apart from these, we also need to classify the members.

For example, the requirement to join the club is to have a sports car. If you have a sports car with a price of one million and pay an annual membership fee of tens of thousands of yuan, you can become an ordinary member and enjoy the benefits of an ordinary member; if you have a sports car with a price of two million and pay an annual membership fee of 100,000 yuan, you can become an intermediate member and enjoy the benefits of an intermediate member; if you have a sports car with a price of more than three million yuan, you can become an advanced member and enjoy the benefits of an advanced member. We need to provide different car life services for the members of different levels, and at the same time, let them make a lot of friends with similar interests while enjoying the services. At that time, you can bring your car business into the club and sell sports cars in the club. You can also cooperate with foreign private aviation companies, domestic high-end yacht clubs, and seaside villa areas in Hainan to plan all kinds of extraordinary experiences for our supercar owners. In short, it is an organic combination of all kinds of things. "

When Chen Ze heard this, he downed all the wine in his glass in one go and said excitedly, "Although the hardware requirements for a club like this are very high, their profitability must be very high. The clubs I mentioned just now are all very profitable!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "If the club is operated well, it will definitely make money."

Chen Ze slammed the table and stood up. He said excitedly, "That's awesome!

Let's do it according to your plan! "

Li Mu was also moved by his own words. He nodded and said, "Okay, let's do it together!"

Chen Ze said, "If we do it, do you have any good ideas about the location of the club?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "I'm inclined to do it near the airport. First of all, the noise near the airport is very loud, and it's naturally suitable for a race track that's equally noisy. There are planes constantly taking off and landing in the sky, so no one will say that a race track is disturbing the people. Second, the land near the airport should be very cheap and underdeveloped. Real estate developers are now desperately developing the north and southeast of Yanjing. No one wants to develop at the airport, so the area near the airport is basically still a desolate area. Moreover, the traffic in the direction of the airport is good. Not to mention the airport expressway, didn't the country promise before the Olympic bid that during the Olympic Games, there would be a subway from the airport to the Olympic Village? At that time, the airport subway and airport expressway would be more convenient than other areas."

Chen Ze thought for a moment and nodded repeatedly. He said, "What you said makes sense. It seems that the area around the airport is really the most suitable place. Now the area around the airport is basically barren. Not to mention building a race track, even building another airport would be more than enough."

Li Mu said, "You have connections in this area. You can choose the location first and finalize the land. Once the land is settled, we can start the construction immediately."

As he said that, Li Mu looked at Chen Ze meaningfully and said, "The race track is one part, and the supporting facilities are another. If we want to build a club, then the scale of the supporting facilities will be very large, much larger than those clubs in the city. Just the members' center alone will have a series of sections such as dining, accommodation, sports, entertainment, parking, car support services, and so on. Therefore, from the architectural level, we must have our own style. In my opinion, after we settle the matter of the land and take the first step, you can have a good talk with Dufy. Don't let her work in America. Let her be in charge of all the supporting facilities of the club. With such a large project, it should be enough for her to fulfill her ambitions, right?

And it will also help you solve the pain of lovesickness … "

Chen Ze lowered his head and pondered for a moment. He gave Li Mu a thumbs up. "Brother, your logic is really amazing!"

As he said that, he said eagerly, "Hurry up and give our future sports car club a name!"