Chapter 901

These days, there was indeed too much news about Li Mu. After reading too many reports in the domestic media, everyone felt that it was not enough, so they began to look for news about Li Mu overseas, which was a path of no return.

At first, everyone stared at the American news websites. When they saw how the American media praised Li Mu, YY, and Makino Technology, everyone felt a strong sense of excitement and pride. Later, the American reports could no longer satisfy them. They began to look for news from European countries, as well as Japan and South Korea. When they encountered languages that they did not understand, such as German, French, Korean, and Japanese, they simply looked for help from their classmates and friends who majored in these languages. This feeling was like witnessing Li Mu conquer the world with their own eyes. They felt proud.

As for Li Mu's five roommates, they did not only pay attention to Li Mu. They even began to post on the Internet, posting the overseas reports that they translated or found someone else to translate. They attached screenshots of the original reports and Chinese translations, and then posted them on major websites, forums, and Tieba. As a result, there was a popular post on the Internet: Let's see what foreigners say about YY and Li Mu!

What Li Mu did not expect was that this practice of translating overseas reports would soon set off a wave of pursuit on the Internet after being promoted by his roommates.

In his previous life, Li Mu knew many similar incidents. Once a Hua Xia product became popular overseas, the domestic people would be particularly proud. Then, the Internet would be flooded with translated posts about how foreign media and netizens evaluated Hua Xia's products.

They liked to go to Amazon in the United States to see the good reviews of "Lao Gan Ma" by foreigners. When they saw foreign netizens praising "Lao Gan Ma" as the best chili sauce in the world, or the best chili sauce they had ever eaten, they were particularly proud. Many people voluntarily translated the reviews on Amazon and published them on the domestic Internet to let more domestic people know.

When they saw foreigners praising "Ma Yinglong Hemorrhoid Suppository" on Amazon in the United States, and when they saw the foreign National People's Congress praising "Ma Yinglong Hemorrhoid Suppository" for saving their chrysanthemums, Hua Xia netizens would also feel proud. At the same time, they would translate the foreigners' reviews for everyone's entertainment.

When they saw that DJI's drone had defeated various competitors in the United States and was enthusiastically pursued by American users, they would also take the initiative to translate the American users' praise for DJI's drone and convey it to the entire country.

When they heard that there was a website called wuxiaworld that translated Hua Xia's online novels into English and conquered Western netizens, they were even more elated. Especially when they saw the comments of those Western netizens who were attracted to and impressed by Hua Xia's online novels, they were even more excited about the successful export of Hua Xia's culture.

All in all, Hua Xia's children needed more international recognition when Hua Xia's economy was booming. Li Mu understood this feeling very well. This was not a nation's narcissism or inferiority complex. This was a nation's desire for national pride. They hoped that their nation could occupy a more important position on the world stage. They hoped to export their culture and their products to the world, and let the world accept, recognize, and praise them.

Moreover, this feeling became even more urgent when Hua Xia was being exported by Western countries in all aspects.

More and more Hollywood movies passed on American culture to Hua Xia, but very few of Hua Xia's movies could really go out of the country.

The Koreans passed on unrealistic idol dramas to Hua Xia and conquered thousands of young people, but there were almost no television dramas that Hua Xia could conquer them.

Germany, Japan, the United States, and South Korea sold their cars to Hua Xia and even built joint venture automobile factories in Hua Xia. Almost all the cars running on the streets of Hua Xia were foreign cars. It was quite difficult for domestic cars to occupy a certain market share in the country, let alone go out of the country.

Many people subconsciously believed that foreign products were better than domestic ones, such as cell phones, computers, and home appliances.

What was even more tragic was that, although Hua Xia's products were spread all over the world, they were presented as overseas brands in the overseas market. Almost all the clothes, shoes, and hats worn by Americans were made by Hua Xia, but they were all made by Hua Xia's Nike and Adidas. At the end of the day, it was difficult for Hua Xia's own brand and products to gain a foothold in the overseas market. People subconsciously needed a product that could stand up and carry the banner of Hua Xia's manufacturing and spread it all over the world, and YY was the one that met their needs the most.

Therefore, under these circumstances, YY suddenly became a product that countless elites in developed countries held in high regard. Everyone in Hua Xia was very concerned about how the developed countries would evaluate YY and Li Mu.

When Li Yawei mentioned that he had posted a translation of an American netizen's comments, which had been viewed more than three million times on Tieba, his expression was especially excited, and his tone was full of pride.

Li Mu was a little embarrassed. He had ignored everyone for a long time, but he did not expect everyone to pay so much attention to him.

Sun Jian said, "Other than going to class, eating, and sleeping, we basically pay attention to your situation the rest of the time."

Li Mu sighed, "You guys have really worked hard, spending so much energy on me."

Hu Zhengdao said, "That's nothing. Actually, deep down in our hearts, we couldn't wait to promote YY for you like how we did with 3321. But later on, we saw that everyone in our country who knows how to go online has YY. There's no point in promoting it in our country. If we want to promote it, we have to promote it overseas!"

Xue Jianfeng said, "I asked a friend of mine who is studying in Korea to help me collect and translate the Korean netizens' comments on YY. But these Korean netizens are not convinced by YY. They always think that Hua Xia was able to produce a software like YY purely by luck. They even said that the Korean Internet companies would definitely catch up to YY in the shortest time possible. After reading them, I was so angry that I didn't post them online. Damn it."

As soon as he finished speaking, Xue Jianfeng looked at Li Mu and said, "Li Mu, you must manage YY well. It's best if you can make all the netizens in the world use this software!

I want to see how the Korean Internet companies can catch up to YY! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't bother with those netizens who only know how to type on the keyboard. Sooner or later, I will make all of them become YY users. Not only will they become YY users, but they will also become paying customers of YY and pay me every month!"

Xue Jianfeng raised his glass and said excitedly, "Just because of what you said, I propose a toast to you!"

The others also raised their glasses and said, "Come, come, come, let's toast to you together!"

Li Mu was also quite happy. He raised his glass and said, "Brothers, let's drink together."

…

Li Mu's sudden appearance had indeed made the five brothers in the dormitory extremely happy.

The excitement on the surface was far from the excitement in their hearts. In their opinion, the fact that Li Mu could immediately rush over after knowing that they were gathering meant that they still had a certain amount of weight in his heart. Otherwise, with his current identity and status, why would he come to a roadside food stall to drink and eat skewers?

It was precisely because Li Mu had used practical actions to show that he valued them that the inferiority complex that they had when facing Li Mu was completely swept away.

Everyone drank and chatted merrily, and the atmosphere was very harmonious and warm. After drinking, Li Yawei arranged for everyone to go to KTV to continue the second round. Since they were out, Li Mu thought that he might as well let loose and have fun. Therefore, not only did he not refuse, but he also took the initiative to ask Chen Ze to help him contact a very high-end entertainment club and bring everyone there.

In the KTV room of the club, a few brothers under the influence of alcohol were fighting for the microphone and howling. Because everyone sat separately according to the gender, Zhao Ziqiu sat a little far from Li Mu. She took out her phone and sent a text message to Li Mu, asking him, "You didn't drink too much, did you?"

Li Mu quickly replied, "Not much."

"That's good. Are you busy tomorrow?

If you are, don't play too late today. Leave early and go back to rest. "

Li Mu said, "It doesn't matter how late we play tonight. I'm not busy tomorrow, but I'll be busy the day after tomorrow."

The day after tomorrow, Elon Musk would arrive in Yanjing, and he would have a face-to-face competition with him.

Zhao Ziqiu paused for a moment and sent another text message. This time, the message was very simple. There were only three words, "I miss you!"

Li Mu turned his face and looked at Zhao Ziqiu. Their eyes met, and Zhao Ziqiu immediately dodged his eyes as if she had been electrocuted. Li Mu lowered his head and quickly replied, "I miss you too."

Zhao Ziqiu sent another text message, "Then bring me home later!"

Li Mu replied without hesitation, "Okay!"

Zhao Ziqiu secretly glanced at Li Mu across the two girls and then replied, "I'm just teasing you. Not tonight!"

Li Mu asked her, "Why not?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Xiaoxiao and Yanan are both here. I came with them, so I naturally have to go back together. I don't want them to know about us."

Li Mu looked a little melancholy when he saw this text message. It wasn't because Zhao Ziqiu couldn't go with him tonight, but he felt that he couldn't give Zhao Ziqiu a so-called "status" in public, which made him feel especially guilty.

Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu looked a little disappointed and didn't reply to her text message. She thought that he was unhappy because she teased him, so she couldn't help but send another text message, "Don't be unhappy. If you can't go tonight, you can do it another day. After you finish your work the day after tomorrow, if you have nothing to do at night, can you come to my place?"

Zhao Ziqiu's mother had bought her an apartment in Yanjing. Only Xie Yun, Zhao Ziqiu, and Li Mu knew about this. Zhao Ziqiu's roommates didn't know that this little rich lady already had her own apartment in Yanjing.