Chapter 570

The song "The First Day" also had the basic elements of a popular song. First of all, the melody was dynamic and light, and the lyrics were very beautiful. If the arrangement of the lyrics and the music were added to the pop rock style, this song could easily become popular in the streets.

Avril's popularity was based on the dynamic and light pop punk style, which was particularly energetic and wild in the eyes of young boys and girls. Although the music style of "The First Day" was not as obvious as that of pop punk, it was just right for the relatively introverted people.

However, since it was a pop rock style, Li Mu naturally couldn't sing the true feeling of this song with a folk guitar. But even so, this song still made Su Yingxue's eyes light up.

In her memory, this was the first fast song written by Li Mu. It sounded like ice cream in summer, a little fierce, but more beautiful from the bottom of her heart.

Su Yingxue gave high praise to these two songs, and firmly believed that these two songs would definitely be popular. She gave Li Mu sincere praise, but in her heart, she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed because of these two songs.

It was a good thing that her boyfriend was talented, but it made her feel a little uncomfortable when her boyfriend used too much of his talent on other women. Although she always looked indifferent to everything, only she knew in her heart how much she cared about these details of Li Mu.

But the pride in her bones made her unable to complain to Li Mu or ask for more time and care from him. In the past, when Li Mu always pestered her with all kinds of intimacy, Su Yingxue used to think very seriously about how to deal with it. She wanted to step back a little and open herself to Li Mu little by little. She didn't want to be too hasty, she didn't want Li Mu to get her too easily, and she didn't want him to think that she didn't have enough self-respect and was too casual.

But now that things had developed to this point, she suddenly felt that her original strategy was basically useless, because Li Mu was no longer as thick-skinned and shameless as before. Before she could let go, he was already reserved.

The last time they met in private, it was the same. She even felt that Li Mu had lost interest in her. Otherwise, he would not only sing to her. After singing, he saw that it was getting late and offered to send her back.

In this matter, there was indeed a layer of barrier between Li Mu and Su Yingxue. Li Mu felt that Su Yingxue was reserved and introverted, and she was closely watched by his aunt, so he should give her enough respect. Anyway, the relationship between the two had been running for two lifetimes. Now that they finally had a clear statement, he didn't necessarily have to run too fast. Small things flowed slowly was also a good thing. But he didn't know that this kind of understanding made Su Yingxue's heart fall into suspicion and depression.

Seeing that the summer vacation was approaching, the two remembered their previous agreement at the same time. Su Yingxue had already told her family that she would be preparing to join the Student Union this summer. She would stay at school for a period of time, so the two could spend more time together.

Thinking of this, Su Yingxue's mood slightly improved. She let Li Mu send her back to the school dormitory, and they hugged at the door of the dormitory to say goodbye.

… …

That night, Sina's share price closed at 1.14 RMB. After dropping 24% on the first day, it dropped another 6.5%. Sina did not expect that Makino Technology would have such a negative impact on them. Because of Makino Technology's rivalry with Sina, the whole market was very pessimistic about Sina's share price.

Sina's CEO couldn't take it anymore. He wanted to look for Li Mu to reconcile, but Li Mu ignored him. Even so, he showed his sincerity through Chen Tong and expressed that he was willing to disband UC first. But Li Mu didn't give him a definite answer, which put him in a dilemma.

Chen Tong was also very anxious, but he also knew in his heart that there was really no way for him to contact Li Mu at this time. Not only would it be useless, but it might also arouse Li Mu's disgust. In the end, the little brotherly affection between them would be destroyed by him.

Sina's CEO asked Chen Tong to help pull some strings. He personally went to Taobao to visit Liu Xiaodong. In Liu Xiaodong's office, he said resolutely to Liu Xiaodong, "Boss Liu, please tell Li Mu that we are willing to disband UC in order to ease the relationship between Sina and Makino Technology. As long as he agrees, we will disband UC within 24 hours!"

Liu Xiaodong laughed, looked at Sina's CEO, and then looked at the depressed Chen Tong. He said with a smile, "To be honest, it's meaningless for you to ask me to pass on these words. Senior Brother Chen also said this to Li Mu. If Li Mu bought it, he would have done it already. He wouldn't wait for me to say it. The same words coming out of my mouth won't sound like gold."

Sina's CEO hurriedly said, "Boss Liu, your relationship with Li Mu is more familiar and closer. We hope that you can help to persuade him. After all, it's not good for anyone if this continues. It would be best if it can be solved as soon as possible."

Liu Xiaodong smacked his lips and said, "Boss Mao, I'll be honest. If you really want to take the initiative to reconcile with Makino Technology, then don't wait for Li Mu to agree before you do anything. Why don't you just go back and disband your UC team directly? Let Li Mu see your sincerity?

Otherwise, how would Li Mu agree just by saying this? "

Sina's CEO said worriedly, "It's not impossible to disband the UC team first. The key is that we're worried that Li Mu won't buy it when the time comes and will still block us …"

Liu Qiangdong smiled and said, "Since it's already a stalemate, then we have to make a move to break the stalemate first. If Boss Mao isn't willing to take this little risk, then I can't say anything more. Sina and Makino Technology can continue to drag on like this. Maybe you can also speed up the development of UC. Maybe you can rely on UC to turn defeat into victory."

Sina's CEO could hear the sarcasm in Liu Xiaodong's words, but after thinking about it carefully, what Liu Xiaodong said was very reasonable. It was Sina who insisted on doing UC, and it was also Sina who fought with Makino Technology. Sina had long been coveting Makino Technology on the surface. At this time, Li Mu would launch a counterattack. It was also reasonable. It could be said that Sina had brought this upon themselves. They couldn't live with it. At the moment, they were at an absolute disadvantage. On the level of solving the problem, they had to make concessions first. It was basically impossible to want to pay and deliver the goods at the same time. Since it was an absolute seller's market now, as the buyer, they had no choice but to pay first.

As for what Liu Xiaodong said, relying on UC to turn defeat into victory, he was very clear in his heart that the possibility could be said to be very small.

After leaving Taobao, Sina's CEO immediately rushed back to the company and called for another high-level meeting. This time, he had already made a decision. Since they had to give up their territory and pay compensation, then there was no harm in taking the initiative and cutting through the Gordian knot!

Therefore, after everyone had gathered, the first sentence he said was, "The stock price has now collapsed. Now that the investors have understood the situation of Makino Technology, they are very pessimistic about our prospects. If we don't let the investors see a little improvement, I'm afraid that even the investors will give up on us. Therefore, I've decided to disband the UC team today and take the initiative to bow down to Makino Technology, begging them to be magnanimous. Now, as long as Makino Technology stops blocking us, it will be the biggest benefit for the stock price. What do you all think?"

The meeting room was suddenly silent. Everyone looked at each other, and no one was willing to open their mouth to say a word.

However, everyone's gaze was focused on Xu Jinzhong. After all, his UC division was managed by him, and it was his private land that he had always defended. Now that they were going to get UC, his opinion was probably the biggest.

However, unexpectedly, Xu Jinzhong saw that everyone's gaze was focused on him, and he hurriedly expressed his position, "What are you all looking at me for?

Now that the company is facing difficulties, we definitely have to abandon the pawns to protect the rook in order to make a comeback. Therefore, I have absolutely no opinion on cutting off UC! "

Everyone instantly despised Xu Jinzhong.

In the beginning, he was the one who defended UC to the death, and now the one who betrayed UC the fastest was also him.

However, since he didn't speak up for UC, everyone naturally didn't have any scruples. Therefore, everyone expressed their support for cutting off UC.

This time, the company's higher-ups no longer dared to protect this UC project. The stock price had plummeted to such an extent, and everyone suffered heavy losses. If the stock price didn't quickly recover, even the CEO would have to admit the blame and resign. At that time, there would be no more UC, and it would be lucky if their company didn't go bankrupt and be liquidated by the investors.

Therefore, Sina made a major decision at 3 PM in the afternoon: Immediately disband the UC team!

They took the initiative to cut off their own flesh to express their apology and sincerity to Makino Technology.

After the decision was made, Sina's HR director immediately met with Liu Xuebin. He was the person in charge of the UC department, and the disbandment of the department had to be notified to him first.

Liu Xuebin had long been worried about his future. The stock price had plummeted for two consecutive days, and he was very worried that Makino Technology would ask Sina to get rid of the UC department as the price to solve the problem. The people under him were also suffering for the past two days, and they were extremely insecure.

The HR director suddenly sent him a private message, and his heart was immediately in his throat. But now that it had come to this, even if he had to bite the bullet, he still had to go. Therefore, he could only go to the HR director's office.

As soon as he sat down, the HR director spoke to him in a business-like manner, "Xuebin, I called you here to convey a message to you. The company's decision is out. From today onwards, the entire UC department will be disbanded …"

As soon as he finished speaking, Liu Xuebin only felt like he was struck by lightning!

The thing that he was most afraid of still happened!

He had just traveled thousands of miles across half of Hua Xia to Yanjing, and after a few days of good days, the entire department was going to be disbanded?!

The HR director saw that Liu Xuebin was stunned on the spot and did not say anything, so he continued, "Your department has a lot of people, and I can't inform everyone one by one, so I still hope that you can convey this message to your subordinates."

Liu Xuebin could not help but ask him, "Manager Hu, what does the company mean?

Is the entire department being disbanded, or are the core employees being kept? "

Liu Xuebin did not want to leave Sina even if he was beaten to death, because if he left Sina, it would be too difficult to find a job with such a high salary again. Although the entire department was being disbanded, he was still more capable. If the others were fired, they could still protect him, and transfer him to another department was also acceptable.

However, the HR director's next words pushed him into the abyss, "I'm sorry, Xuebin, the entire UC department, except for Manager Xu, everyone else must leave."