Chapter 1335

When Li Mu was busy, he might not have time to see Zhao Ziqiu for half a month even if he was in Yanjing. However, Li Mu couldn't bear to say that he might not have the chance to see her in the next few months.

In the future, the SARS epidemic in Yanjing would definitely enter a stage of rapid development. The more serious the epidemic was, the more he couldn't leave Yanjing. If Zhao Ziqiu returned to Hangzhou, it wouldn't be easy for him to see her. If she went abroad, then he wouldn't be able to see her in the next few months.

At this time, Zhao Ziqiu's voice was particularly aggrieved. She said, "I just can't bear to leave you. If my dad takes me back, what if I can't see you for a few months?"

Li Mu sighed and said, "According to your uncle's personality, if you don't go back, I'm afraid he won't agree. Maybe he'll come to take you back himself."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Why don't you give him a call and persuade him, okay?

If you persuade him, he should listen to you. "

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "Are you stupid? Uncle is thinking about your health. I can't persuade him to be more open-minded."

Zhao Ziqiu said coquettishly, "Just say that you'll take good care of me. You're not going to leave Yanjing anyway. He trusts you a lot."

As she said that, Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly added, "You just have to persuade my dad. You can do whatever you need to do. I won't give you any trouble. Don't worry."

Li Mu sighed and said, "Why would I worry about you giving me trouble? It's mainly because it's really risky for you to stay in school. There are tens of thousands of people in your school. You have to interact with a lot of people every day when you go to class, eat, and sleep. Not only Uncle and Auntie are worried, but I'm also worried."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I don't have to live in the dormitory. I can live in the house my mom bought for me. I can go to school less often and only go to class. I'll wear a mask in class and wash my hands frequently. Isn't that much better?"

Li Mu said, "There are still risks."

Zhao Ziqiu said angrily, "Is this how your Taobao website teaches others?!

You said that as long as you wear a mask, wash your hands frequently, and avoid frequent public places, you can largely prevent infectious diseases. Why can't it work for me? "

Li Mu could only say patiently, "That can only reduce the risk, not reduce the risk!

With Uncle Zhao's character, he won't let you take any risks. It's useless even if I promise you. He will definitely come to Beijing to bring you back. "

Zhao Ziqiu rarely lost her temper and said angrily, "I don't care. Anyway, I definitely won't go back. Not to mention the driver, even if he comes in person, I won't go back."

"This …" Li Mu didn't know what to do with her. Zhao Ziqiu, who was usually obedient and docile, once she lost her temper, no one could go against her will. Otherwise, the seemingly weak girl would definitely fight back in her own way. At that time, even Zhao Xianliang wouldn't be able to do anything to her.

Therefore, Li Mu could only follow her wishes and persuaded her softly, "Then I'll call Uncle Zhao and see if I can find a compromise."

"Really?"

Zhao Ziqiu's voice suddenly became cheerful again. She said happily, "Then can you call him now?

He hasn't slept yet. "

"Okay." Li Mu agreed and said, "I'll call him now and call you back later."

"Okay!"

…

Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.

Zhao Xianliang had just finished a call with the driver. In order to get Zhao Ziqiu home from Yan Jing, Zhao Xianliang deliberately arranged for the two most reliable drivers in the company's motorcade. These two drivers had been drivers in Zhao Xianliang's company for more than ten years, and they were first-class drivers who had never had any traffic accidents. Zhao Xianliang arranged for them to drive a high-end business car of the company and immediately set off. They would first pick up his female secretary, and then drive her overnight to Yan Jing to pick up his daughter.

Xie Yun frowned and couldn't help saying, "Hey, I'm afraid that Ziqiu won't want to come back with them at all. What if they go to Beijing and Ziqiu doesn't agree no matter what?"

"How dare she!"

Zhao Xianliang glared and scolded, "You have to know when to spoil her. She can be willful at ordinary times, but she must obey my arrangements at this time!

Do you think SARS is a joke?

It's not like you haven't heard the news from various channels. At present, there is no effective treatment plan. Infected patients can only be treated with a large amount of hormone treatment. Even if they can survive, there will be long-term or even permanent sequelae. In the face of this kind of thing, no matter how much money you have, it's useless. Even if the risk is one in ten thousand, one in a hundred thousand, or even one in a million, I can't bear it! "

Xie Yun nodded and said, "Yes, you're right. I feel the same way as you, but you have to consider the actual situation of the child after all. She is a human, and she's already over twenty years old. She's not a kitten or a puppy. You can get her back just by asking someone to pick her up. You must know your own child. If she gets angry, even eight horses won't be able to pull her back …"

Zhao Xianliang said firmly, "When they arrive in Beijing tomorrow, if Ziqiu doesn't come back with them, I'll go myself!"

Xie Yun looked at him hesitantly and said after a while, "Why don't you call Li Mu and ask him to help persuade her?"

Zhao Xianliang blurted out without thinking, "Forget it!

Why is Ziqiu unwilling to come back?

Isn't it because of Li Mu?

If Li Mu is not in Beijing, she will definitely agree to come back!

If you ask Li Mu to persuade her, the more he tries to persuade her, the worse it will be! "

Xie Yun said, "Maybe Li Mu also has plans to leave Beijing?

If that's the case, let him explain the situation to Ziqiu, then won't Ziqiu resist going home? "

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand, "How is that possible?

All the entrepreneurs in Beijing have run away, and Li Mu won't run away either. I've already seen through this kid's style of doing things. "

Xie Yun said, "That's hard to say. Li Mu is the only one in his family. His parents must be as anxious as us."

Zhao Xianliang was unmoved and said with certainty, "That's impossible. Judging from what he has done during this period of time, he definitely won't leave Beijing at this time. His two companies, Taobao Logistics, Alipay, and thousands of people are in Beijing. How can he leave?

Moreover, since the outbreak of SARS, he has done so many good things for society. It's even more impossible for him to leave at this time. What will happen if he leaves?

SARS hasn't arrived yet, and you're busy asking everyone not to worry too much. In the end, when SARS comes, he runs away with his tail between his legs. Won't his image in society be ruined? "

Xie Yun sighed and said with emotion, "It seems that Li Mu's parents must be worried about this matter just like us."

"That's right."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly and said, "To be honest, the risk for him is even greater. He has to go in and out of the company all day. There are thousands of people in the company, and their addresses are all over Beijing. Every day, they gather at the company from all over Beijing. The coverage is too large. Ziqiu is a little better. Although there are many people in the school, they are all students. Most of them are resident students, and they don't have much contact with the outside world."

Xie Yun said, "How about this? If Ziqiu doesn't want to come back with them tomorrow, I'll go and persuade her. If I can't persuade her, then let's not persuade her anymore. When the time comes, we'll donate some money to Beijing University so that they can strengthen the epidemic prevention. It can also be considered as buying a safety net for the children."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "Donating money is indeed necessary. If we donate now, I'm afraid our daughter has more reasons not to come back. We'll see after we finish talking. If she is willing to come back, we have to donate some money to the school too. We have to provide more protection for the other children."

Speaking of this, Zhao Xianliang hesitated for a while and said, "You, persuade her. At this time, Li Mu must be extremely busy. There are a lot of things waiting for him to deal with. Even if she stays in Beijing, Li Mu can't take care of her at all."

Xie Yun nodded slightly and said, "I understand …"

At this time, Zhao Xianliang's phone on the table suddenly rang. Xie Yun picked it up and looked at it. She hurriedly handed it to him and said, "Quick, it's Li Mu."

"Li Mu?"

Zhao Xianliang looked at Li Mu's name on the phone and shook his head helplessly. "It seems that Ziqiu called Li Mu. I guess Li Mu is here to plead for her."

Xie Yun urged and said, "Don't guess blindly. Answer it first."

Zhao Xianliang picked up the phone and said with a smile, "Hello, Li Mu, why are you calling so late?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Hello, Uncle Zhao. Sorry to disturb you so late."

Zhao Xianliang said, "It's okay. Your aunt and I haven't slept yet. I'm not sleepy after being angered by Ziqiu. Do you know what this girl is thinking?

Is SARS a joke?

She's still throwing a tantrum at her parents at this time! "

Li Mu thought that an old capitalist like Zhao Xianliang must have extraordinary life experience. He must have known that he was calling to talk about this, so he went straight to the point without waiting for him to start. On the contrary, he didn't know what to say.

So Li Mu could only echo, "Uncle, don't be angry. Ziqiu, she …"

Before Li Mu finished speaking, Zhao Xianliang blurted out, "I'm almost dizzy because of her. If I didn't have something important to deal with here, I would have gone to Yanjing to pick her up in person!"

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang added, "Li Mu, you are much more mature than Ziqiu. Help me to persuade her. At this time, she can't take any risks. The most important thing is to leave Yanjing as soon as possible. Don't you think so?"

Li Mu was very helpless. Zhao Xianliang had a firm grasp on the art of negotiation. He could make him speechless with just a few words. Originally, he didn't want to persuade him to give up bringing Zhao Ziqiu back to Hangzhou. He just wanted to discuss a compromise or a euphemistic solution with him. But now it seemed that there was no hope at all.

While he was depressed, Xie Yun's voice came from the other end of the phone. She said, "Li Mu, this is your Auntie Xie."

"Hello, Auntie Xie."

Xie Yun asked, "Li Mu, you are alone in Yanjing. Your parents must be very worried, right?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Yes, he just called me."

Xie Yun asked again, "They must also hope that you can leave Yanjing temporarily, right?"

"Yes."

"Then what's your plan?"

Li Mu had to tell the truth, "Auntie, I definitely can't leave Yanjing. From now on, I definitely can't leave Yanjing until the SARS crisis is over."

"Then what about your parents?

Can they be at ease? "

"They can't be at ease."

Li Mu said, "I said I can't go back, and they said they wanted to come over. I tried to persuade them for a long time, but I couldn't stop them."

"Oh." Xie Yun said, "Your parents are going to Yanjing to accompany you at this time?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said helplessly, "There's no other way. In the end, we can both take a step back. They will accompany me in Yanjing, but they will try to stay in Ziyun Villa and go out less. Ziyun Villa should be relatively safe. It is a completely enclosed environment, and it has a large green area. There are also forest parks around it, and it is far away from the downtown area."

Xie Yun nodded and said, "This is also a solution. Ziyun Villa does have a natural advantage, and the risk will be much lower …"