Chapter 449

Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu when will YY's gaming lobby be ready.

Kong Lingyu said, "Why are they all online before the 15th of this month? We'll try our best to be online before the 10th."

Li Mu nodded and said to Kong Lingyu, "Looks like this month is the gaming month. The lobby will be online in the middle of the month, and Miracle MU will be charging fees in the middle of the month."

Kong Lingyu asked curiously, "How are the statistics for Miracle MU now?"

Li Mu casually said, "Crushing Legend."

To be more specific, there were more than 20 million registered users, more than 5 million daily active users, and the highest number of online users was 1.2 million. The highest number of online users was set on the first day of the open beta, and it was also the server's highest capacity. Because of Miracle MU's strong marketing, the number of users flooded in and set this record. After that, the highest number of online users was around 1 million.

However, even 1 million was more than double the current Legend of Mir 2.

It couldn't be helped. Strong marketing gave them the capital to show off. Every day, Tieba would bring in a large number of users to Miracle MU. YY hadn't started commercial advertising yet, or else Miracle MU would be a huge traffic entrance.

These were advantages that Shengda didn't have.

In Feng Yu's previous life, Shengda Legend was at its most popular in 2002. That year, domestic online games were cut off. Other than Legend of Mir 2, the other online games didn't catch up. Even Miracle MU only entered the domestic market in 2003, creating a unique fertile ground for Legend of Mir 2 to develop.

However, the current 2002 wasn't the 2002 of Feng Yu's previous life.

Legend of Mir 2 had many problems in the past few months. The internal problems were: There were too many bugs in the game, money, equipment, trading loopholes, a large number of players were cheated, the official update wasn't popular, and a large number of users were lost …

The external problem was that the cheats were at the peak of their game, and Shanda wasn't doing anything about it. If players wanted to play the game, they had to buy the Legendary Overlord cheats while topping up their cards. Otherwise, if they only topped up their cards and didn't buy the cheats, compared to others who bought the cheats, it was like they had their hands, feet, and eyes dug out. They were too weak to play.

Legend of Mir 2 had a serious problem with cheats. Li Mu's secret creation of Legend of Mir 2 wasn't the main reason. The main reason was that the officials didn't do anything about it. Even if Li Mu didn't make cheats, other people would do it, and they would also charge for it.

Back then, Miracle MU also died because of the overflow of cheats. The overflow of cheats was equivalent to a kind of bundling sale. The overflow of cheats had completely destroyed the fairness of the game, so when players entered the game, they were already in a state of imbalance. If they wanted to play the game well, they had to spend money to buy cheats to make up for the lack of balance compared to other players.

Because of these reasons, a large number of loyal users of Legend of Mir started to give up on Legend of Mir 2, and they turned to the fair Miracle MU.

Now, Miracle MU had a dedicated team to keep an eye on cheats. They would block any cheats that appeared. At the same time, they would ban the user's account. No matter what level the user was, no matter how much they complained, as long as they used cheats and were detected by the system, their account would be permanently banned.

Li Mu's determination was clear. He would completely give up on those opportunistic people in online games. He would create a pure and fair gaming environment without cheats for the majority of people.

Based on the current number of users of Miracle MU, this game's annual profit would reach tens of figures. Li Mu was finally going to welcome the spring of cash flow. Storm Entertainment was different from Makino Technology. The money that Makino Technology earned would be kept in Makino Technology's account for future operating funds. As for the money that Storm Entertainment earned, other than operating funds, he could pocket it all.

Li Mu almost wanted to cry at this thought.

This was really good after suffering. He dared to spend eighty million after earning a hundred million. His good days were coming.

After experiencing the YY lobby, Li Mu was quite satisfied with all aspects of the product. According to this pace, he didn't need to personally test it before it went online. It already had the quality to go online and be tested by the public.

At this time, Sun Qian walked over quickly and said to Kong Lingyu, who was beside Li Mu, "Director Kong, we just interviewed a development and maintenance engineer. We are currently lacking in this area. That person is good in all aspects, but the key is that he was trained by Teng Teng. He just came from Shenzhen. Do you think there's anything wrong with him?"

Kong Lingyu frowned. "Trained by Teng Teng?

And you came to Yan Jing from Shenzhen City? "

Sun Qian nodded. "That's right. That's why I'm worried that he might be a spy sent by Teng Xun."

In the Internet industry, the phenomenon of so-called "spies" was actually very common. However, it wasn't the kind of skilled hackers or secret agents in spy movies. In fact, the most common situation was: two companies were directly competing with each other. They would send an employee or hire someone from the outside to apply for a position in the competitor's company. This person didn't necessarily have to steal the other party's trade secrets, but at the very least, they could know a lot of the internal management details of the other party, the team's work mentality and state, and the rhythm of time nodes.

Internet companies often had a lot of people poached by their competitors. This was usually because someone was playing tricks internally. They would first understand the employee's contact information, then understand the employee's salary level, the company's benefits, the current work they were doing, and their attitude towards the company and the leaders. Once there was an opportunity, their own HR would contact the other party in private and offer enough conditions to move the other party. Coupled with a certain degree of psychological public relations, they would successfully take down the other party.

Sun Qian was also worried about this. Now, Makino Technology's biggest competitor was Teng Xun. It was not an exaggeration to say that they were mortal enemies. At this time, an employee from Teng Xun came for an interview. No one could help but think too much.

At this time, Kong Lingyu said, "Development and maintenance engineer is not a very important position. For the sake of safety, it's better not to hire this person. Tell him to go back and wait for the notice of the second interview. Then, just throw away his resume."

Sun Qian nodded. Just as he was about to leave, Li Mu suddenly interrupted and said, "Aren't you two thinking too much?"

Kong Lingyu said awkwardly, "Boss, for the sake of caution, even if there's a one in a million chance that he's here, we have to eliminate this threat."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If he was really sent by the other company, he wouldn't have written his work experience in the other company on his resume. Can't you understand this?"

When big companies recruited people, they would do background checks on their resumes. If they really had ulterior motives, they would definitely try their best to hide it instead of directly writing it on their resume for an interview. Therefore, Li Mu instinctively felt that this former employee of Teng Xun who came for an interview should be here for an interview.

Kong Lingyu was a little hesitant. He asked Li Mu, "Boss, do you mean to use him?"

Li Mu said, "Not necessarily. We can take a look first. After all, he came from Teng Xun. He should have a wider network among the employees. There are still many powerful people in Teng Xun. If Teng Xun is defeated by us one day, I still hope to be able to directly recruit their core team. Of course, their Boss Ma is an exception."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "If you're worried that there's a problem with this person, you can put him in other departments, such as Tieba. Don't let him come into contact with the YY business line for the time being."

Kong Lingyu said, "Then I'll go take a look. Sun Qian, tell him to wait for ten minutes. I'll go over for the second interview."

Sun Qian nodded, turned around, and left.

Li Mu said to Kong Lingyu, "I'll go with you later. You ask your questions. If I have any questions, I'll ask. If I don't, I'll listen in."

"Okay."

…

Makino Technology had two conference rooms specially used for interviews and small business meetings. Chen Hui sat in one of them nervously, waiting for the leader of Makino Technology to come over for the second interview.

The interviewer who interviewed him just now said that the general manager of Makino Technology would personally come over for the interview later. This made Chen Hui a little nervous.

The main reason was that this scene was too important to him. He ran over from Shenzhen to Yanjing because he wanted to renew his relationship with his ex-girlfriend. However, after arriving in Yanjing, he chickened out. In addition, the other party had already received the P7 offer from Makino Technology, so he did not have the courage to look for the other party directly. At that moment, Chen Hui was praying in his heart.

No matter what, no matter what position, no matter what treatment, he only hoped that Makino Technology would hire him. That way, he could wait for Zhang Yao to come over at Makino Technology. That way, even if the two of them had a chance to meet again, it would not make the other party feel that he was coming for her. That way, when the two of them really met, the atmosphere should not be too awkward. As for whether there would be a chance for them to be together again, it could be considered in the long run. After all, the two of them would be in the same company and would be together day and night.

After the preliminary interview, the other party did not let him go back to wait for news directly, but directly arranged for the second interview. Although this rhythm made Chen Hui even more nervous, he was also more relieved in the depths of his heart. Generally speaking, arranging the second interview immediately after the preliminary interview meant that he had passed the preliminary interview. Moreover, the other party should be quite satisfied with him, otherwise, they would not be so anxious.

At this moment, the door of the conference room was gently pushed open. Kong Lingyu took the lead and walked in, followed by Li Mu. Kong Lingyu greeted the other party politely and did not introduce himself. He took the other party's resume and sat opposite him, while Li Mu sat beside Kong Lingyu.

Kong Lingyu roughly looked at Chen Hui's resume and asked, "I saw on your resume that you have been in Shenzhen since you graduated in 1998?"

Chen Hui nodded and said with a little nervousness, "Yes, I arrived in Shenzhen in July of 1998. I only started my first job in September of 1998."

Kong Lingyu slightly nodded and asked again, "You have been in Shenzhen for so long. What made you give up Shenzhen and choose to develop in Yanjing?"

Chen Hui pursed his lips and hesitated. Those high-sounding reasons that he had previously thought of couldn't be said at this critical moment.