Chapter 1079

As the founder of YY, Li Mu knew better than anyone else the importance of YY's push notifications to himself.

Since most of YY's users were deep users, the conversion rate was much higher than the average internet advertisement no matter what kind of information was pushed.

The conversion rate of other websites and products' push notifications might not even reach 5%, but in YY's system, the conversion rate of push notifications had always been above 30%. The conversion rate of some high-quality content was even higher.

This also meant that YY was already the best incubator for Li Mu to incubate everything. If there was a new product in his system in the future, he could directly put the information in front of more than 30% of the users with a single push through YY.

The total number of YY's users had exceeded 180 million and was rapidly approaching the 200 million mark. Based on its current growth rate, it would not be a problem for it to exceed 200 million users in the next half a month or so.

The base number of 200 million users was of great significance to Li Mu. Perhaps a new game could be downloaded millions or even tens of millions of times with a round of YY promotion. He only needed to do a few promotions to solidify the foundation of the product and directly enter the stage of vigorous development.

Just like Teng Xun in his previous life, with the two super products, QQ and WeChat, they could be used as a powerful distribution platform. The combination of the two platforms could bring unparalleled traffic to all of Teng Xun's products.

It was precisely because of this that Li Mu had extremely strict requirements for the content of YY's push notifications. All the push notifications had to go through strict screening and only push content that the users were interested in. He would absolutely not accept any paid promotions, no matter how much money was offered.

In Li Mu's opinion, most of the paid promotion content was rubbish to users. Therefore, as long as any platform started to pay for promotion, this behavior was a kind of harm to the users themselves. The vast majority of users were averse to advertising. If it was light, it would affect the user's attention to the pushed news. If it was heavy, it would affect the user's experience of the entire product.

Any product that had too many advertisements would definitely cause great harm to the users. The decline of Weibo itself had a lot to do with its endless advertising. The experience of opening a screen full of advertisements was extremely harmful to the users.

Although paid promotions were a very considerable source of income, to Li Mu, he would rather sacrifice a portion of the profits in exchange for the purity of the entire YY product structure and the user affinity of the product.

Under such circumstances, YY's promotional resources became the most coveted but unobtainable resource on the internet. As an A-list director, Spielberg knew marketing like the back of his hand. He had long been aware of YY's strong promotional capabilities. However, even though Li Mu had agreed to attend his charity dinner, he had never expected to have the opportunity to receive YY's promotional resources.

The excited Spielberg thanked Li Mu profusely. Leonardo was also very excited. He said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, you are so generous!

This will be of great significance to our upcoming movie! "

Li Mu smiled and said to the two of them, "There is no doubt about Director Spielberg's abilities. I have always liked Mr Leonardo's acting skills. Moreover, this movie has an Oscar -winning actor, Tom Hanks. I believe that the quality of this movie will be very high. Since it is a high-quality work, it is only natural that more people should know about it."

As he spoke, Tom Hanks walked in with his assistant. He waved at Spielberg from afar and shouted, "Hi, Steven!"

Seeing that Tom Hanks had arrived, everyone including Spielberg and his wife, as well as Leonardo, looked at him. To Spielberg, Tom Hanks was an old friend and a business partner, but to Leonardo and the others, Tom Hanks was an absolute senior.

In Hollywood, Tom Hanks was recognized as the pyramid of acting. Even in Hollywood, where there were many Oscar -winning actors, there were very few master-level actors like Tom Hanks who could do whatever they wanted. Although he was ten years younger than Spielberg, the two of them were indeed very good friends and business partners. As for Leonardo and the other young actors, they had all grown up watching Tom Hanks's movies.

Tom Hanks walked quickly to the front of the crowd. Before he could stand still, Spielberg introduced him, "Tom, this is the famous Li Mu."

Tom Hanks hurriedly extended his hand to Li Mu and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr. Li. I've seen your speech at Harvard. It was amazing!"

Li Mu shook hands with Tom Hanks. In his heart, he was very respectful of this veteran actor. However, he did not expect that these Hollywood bigwigs would talk about his speech at Harvard the first time they met. It seemed that the most important impression he had on the Western society was that speech.

At this time, Spielberg said to Tom Hanks, "Tom, Mr. Lee just said that when our 'Cat and Mouse' is released, he will do a free promotion for us on YY!"

Tom Hanks was also a YY user. At the same time, he had heard a lot of people talking about YY, so he naturally knew what a YY promotion meant. He said to Li Mu in surprise, "Thank you, Mr. Lee, for your recognition of us. I believe that this movie will definitely not let you and the audience down!"

Spielberg also nodded and said, "This movie has the efforts of Tom and Leonardo, these two excellent actors. It will definitely be recognized by the audience.

It will definitely be liked by the YY users. "

As he spoke, Spielberg said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, thank you again for your generosity. If there is a chance in the future, I really hope to have in-depth cooperation with you in the film industry!"

For a young man like Li Mu, who was worth tens of billions of dollars and had outstanding personal and product influence, Spielberg did not dare to have any contempt for him. On the contrary, because of his young age, he was filled with even more respect for him.

A middle-aged man like him already understood that nowadays, the most worthy of respect and the most potential for development were the young people who succeeded too early. Based on Li Mu's achievements and age, in his eyes, he was even more important than Bill Gates.

In fact, Li Mu was not the God of Wealth. The reason why he gave face to Spielberg, came all the way to his charity banquet, and took the initiative to promise him such powerful promotion resources, was that his purpose was to open the entrance to Hollywood and the entrance to the North American film market through Spielberg.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Spielberg, "Makino Technology now has a solution to buy movie tickets online. Through this solution, users can buy tickets for a certain theater, a certain movie, and a certain performance on the computer. It also supports online seat selection. After the user pays online, they can directly go to the theater where they bought the tickets to collect the self-service tickets. The whole ticket purchase process is very convenient. I believe that this system will greatly increase the willingness of users to pay to watch movies."

As expected, as soon as Li Mu said this, several people present looked surprised. Spielberg seemed very interested in this, and subconsciously asked, "Mr. Li, the solution you mentioned sounds amazing, but I'm very curious. How does this system solve the problem of online seat selection and self-service ticket collection?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The reason why it is called a solution is that we have mature solutions for all aspects. The biggest problem of online seat selection is nothing more than real-time updating. If users choose a seat online, they must ensure that the seat will not be sold by the theater again. Therefore, we have also developed a system for the theater. They can use our system for daily ticket sales. This system will be much more convenient than the system they used before.

At the same time, in this system, the distribution map of the theater's seats and the theater's own ticket sales will be connected to our online ticket system. If we sell the seat, the system will lock the seat and prohibit the theater from selling it again. If the theater sells the seat, the user will not be able to buy the same seat in the online ticket system. "

Because these people were all professionals in the film and television industry, they listened very carefully. But because they did not know enough about the Internet, and they did not know much about the logic of the product, they could not understand it at once.

Li Mu further explained, "This system is equivalent to using the same channel to sell the same batch of products. Because the two channels are interconnected, no matter which channel, it is exclusive. Once one party sells it, the other party has no right to sell it again."

The few of them nodded thoughtfully. Spielberg was the first to react. He asked with great interest, "Then how do consumers get tickets to watch the movie after choosing a seat online?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is even simpler. For every order, we will generate a unique digital code for the user. At the same time, we have also developed a terminal device. This terminal device will be placed in the theater. After the user arrives at the theater, he can easily enter his order code on the machine like operating an ATM. This terminal device can directly print out the movie ticket. The user can directly hold the printed ticket and watch the movie."

When Spielberg heard this, his eyes were shining with a different kind of light.

At this time, Li Mu continued, "In fact, Internet users nowadays, especially in the developed countries in the West, have a certain amount of spending power. A movie ticket of ten dollars is actually nothing to them. But I personally feel that there are only two reasons why they do not choose to go to the theater to watch the movie.

First, the access to information is blocked.

It is possible that a large number of users have never taken the initiative to pay attention to the release of the movie, so most of the time, they do not know which movie is currently showing. But this is easy to solve for YY. We only need to regularly send relevant information to users to let them know that there is a movie called "Cat and Mouse" that is currently showing. The protagonists of this movie are Tom Hanks and Leonardo DiCaprio. Then, we show them a certain content summary, some posters, and stills, and they can clearly receive the news that "Cat and Mouse" is currently showing.

Second, the experience of watching a movie is complicated.

It is not easy to watch a movie. First, you have to find a nearby theater, then choose the appropriate movie, and then choose the appropriate number of shows and seats. This process is extremely cumbersome, and there are many steps that cause users to give up watching the movie. For example, if you do not know the number of shows in the theater, you have to first go to the theater and stare at the information display screen for a long time. After much difficulty, you have to choose a suitable number of shows, and you have to wait in line to buy a ticket.

Now, we have brought a subversive experience to users. Users can directly see the screening schedule of a theater online, and they can choose the one that they are interested in, then go in and buy a seat that they are satisfied with. After that, they only need to arrive at the theater ten minutes before the movie starts, pick up the ticket, and enter the theater to watch the movie. "

When Li Mu said this, the few people present were already surprised. At this time, Li Mu said, "Our online ticketing system can not only solve these two problems, but more importantly, we can solve these two problems together. For example, we can directly use YY to promote" Cat and Mouse. "Then, those YY users who are interested in" Cat and Mouse "can directly choose the theater, the number of shows, and the seat number through YY. Then, they can use PayPal to pay directly. This way, all the preparatory work before watching the movie is completed. The only thing left is to go to the theater to watch the movie."

"After these two processes are connected, the willingness of users to pay, as well as the conversion rate of actual payment, will be very high. A considerable number of users who would not normally watch the movie will be changed by this online ticketing system. In this way, the box office of the movie can be greatly improved."

Spielberg had already understood all the key points that Li Mu said, and he said excitedly, "This online ticketing system is simply a subversive new model!

If it can be put into use, it will be a huge boost to the movie industry! "

The others nodded one after another. To be able to let those who would not normally go to the theater spend money to watch a movie in the theater, this was indeed very significant to the entire movie industry. Take the United States for example, it was not that most people could not afford to buy movie tickets, but that they did not have the need at all, or that the need was very weak. If the process was slightly more troublesome, they might give up.

The online ticketing system that Li Mu mentioned not only solved the problem of information distribution, but most importantly, it simplified the movie watching process to the extreme. This was indeed very significant to the movie industry!