Chapter 1363

Xiangnan Satellite TV is undoubtedly disappointed.

Although Li Ziwei is now a little famous, she is only Li Mu's personal assistant after all. If she really wants to take the party to the next level, she must invite Li Mu himself to the scene.

However, Li Mu's reply, on the public level, has already given him a lot of face. He can't come, but he didn't refuse to participate, and sent his personal assistant to represent him and the two companies. That is to say, except that Li Mu can't come, everything else will not be neglected. He should express his position and donate money.

For the ambition of Xiangnan Satellite TV, this is far from enough.

If he can't invite Liu Dehua, what's the point of only inviting Liu Dehua's agent?

The only person who really pays the bill is Liu Dehua alone.

Therefore, the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV immediately thought of Chen Wan.

Since the public to public way doesn't work, then they have to find a way to smuggle to private.

Chen Wan, the pillar of Xiangnan Satellite TV, has always had a very close relationship with Li Mu. The two have a very good personal relationship. This is an open secret in Xiangnan Satellite TV, so after Li Mu declined the invitation, the first person the leader of the station thought of was Chen Wan.

When Chen Wan was having a meeting with the director group of CCTV, she suddenly received a call from the leader. On the phone, the other party first asked about her well-being without the airs of a leader, and then fully affirmed the great significance of Chen Wan and He Wu's coming to support CCTV this time. Finally, she got to the point and said to Chen Wan in a consulting and pleading tone:

"Chen Wan, there is something I want to do on behalf of our entire Xiangnan Satellite TV, ask you for a favor …"

Chen Wan immediately realized the real intention of the leader.

Li Mu just told him about this yesterday. He guessed that Xiangnan Satellite TV would invite him, and he also guessed that if he declined the invitation of the station, Xiangnan Satellite TV would definitely find a breakthrough from him.

While sighing at Li Mu's accurate judgment of the leader of the station, Chen Wan pretended to be curious and asked, "Director, if you need my help, just say it. I will do it if I can. If I can't, I will try my best to do it."

After saying this, Chen Wan couldn't help but shake her head. She was originally a person who couldn't even lie. As a result, she was trained by Li Mu to be a little fox who can play dumb.

At this time, the director said, "Oh, here's the thing. The station hopes to invite Mr. Lee, Li Mu, as a guest at the SARS party. But after we communicated with the public relations department of Makino Technology, Mr. Lee replied to us through his assistant and public relations that he didn't have time to attend. The station feels that Mr. Lee is a pioneer of charity in domestic enterprises. If he can be present, it will be of great significance to our party and even to our Xiangnan Satellite TV. So I want to ask you for a favor. Communicate with Mr. Lee and use your personal relationship to see if you can invite Mr. Lee to come over."

Chen Wan hesitated for a moment, then agreed, "Okay, director, I can try, but I can't guarantee you that it will be successful."

The director hurriedly said, "It doesn't matter. Just do your best."

After saying that, the Station Head added, "But this is really important to the station, so please try your best to fight for it."

"Okay, director, I'll try my best."

When she returned to the conference room, Chen Wan found that the atmosphere in the conference room was not quite right. Before she went out, everyone was discussing very enthusiastically. Unexpectedly, as soon as she came in, the conference room became a lot quieter, and everyone's expression was a little dignified.

Chen Wan came to her seat and sat down. She asked He Wan in a low voice, "What happened?"

He Wan lowered her voice and replied softly, "The World Health Organization has issued another warning. It seems to have exaggerated the current epidemic situation in Hua Xia. It also said that we have not made all the information related to the epidemic public, so it is seriously warning overseas people that Hua Xia is currently very dangerous and reminding them to avoid going to Hua Xia as much as possible, especially in Guangdong Province and Yanjing."

Chen Wan frowned. "Isn't the government's epidemic prevention work done in a timely manner?

The overall speed of the spread of the epidemic is far lower than the expectations of the overseas media. Why did WHO issue such a warning?

And the government has now achieved 100% transparency in the disclosure of information. Aren't they slandering us? "

He Wan said, "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has already expressed their protest. WHO has obviously exaggerated the development of the epidemic in the country this time."

After that, He Wan continued, "The biggest problem is not this. After WHO issued this warning, several Hong Kong and Taiwan stars who were scheduled to participate in our charity gala have communicated with the gala program team. They said that they are temporarily worried about the epidemic in the mainland, so they have decided not to participate in the recording of this charity gala."

"Ah?" Chen Wan was stunned.

After a while, Chen Wan asked, "How many people are absent?"

"Four," He Wan said.

"There are a total of twenty-five star singers, fifteen mainland singers, and ten Hong Kong and Taiwan singers. But now there are four people missing."

Chen Wan asked him, "What do we do now?"

He Wan shook his head and said, "I don't know. The biggest worry of the program team is whether there will be more Hong Kong and Taiwan singers who will not show up at the last minute. After all, WHO's warning this time is very exaggerated. It is human nature for these stars to be worried about their health..."

Chen Wan sighed and said, "Why don't we change the singers? It is very easy to find four replacement singers in Yanjing."

He Wan said, "It is very easy to replace the singers, but the feeling is not the same. Now is a very special time. CCTV still hopes to let the singers from the three regions of the Straits and Taiwan work together to complete this charity gala to fight against SARS. After all, this time, it is not only the mainland that is affected by the epidemic, but also Hong Kong and Taiwan. At this time, if we can unite the stars from the three regions of the Straits and Taiwan to go on stage together, not only will it be a great comfort to the people of the three regions, but it will also highlight the unity of the three regions of the Straits and Taiwan to fight against SARS together.

If everything goes well and there are no accidents, it will definitely become a very positive performance. "Chen Wan nodded thoughtfully. He Wan's experience was indeed much richer than hers, and he could see the essence of the problem better. The unity of the three regions of the Straits and Taiwan was the main theme of the Hua Xia people. In the face of a common epidemic, if this theme could be accurately publicized, it would definitely be the best thing.

At this time, an assistant rushed in and whispered something in the director's ear. The director, whose expression was already very ugly, suddenly became a little gloomier.

After a while, the director stood up and said to everyone, "Everyone, another Hong Kong and Taiwan singer has decided to withdraw from this gala because of WHO's warning. The program team's preparation staff and public relations staff will stay for a meeting to discuss the emergency plan. The rest of you can go back and rest first."

He Wan and Chen Wan looked at each other. The two of them were hosts, not behind-the-scenes workers, and they were not the program's preparation staff. It was naturally not appropriate for them to continue staying here at this time, so the two of them and other unrelated staff got up and left the conference room.

Before the others left, the director said again, "By the way, everyone, if you have reliable Hong Kong and Taiwan singers in your hands, please help me sort them out. If there is a suitable singer who is willing to come and fill in the spots, please let me know in advance. Thank you!"

Everyone nodded in agreement and left one after another.

After leaving the conference room, He Wan looked at the time and said, "It's almost six o'clock. Why don't we just get off work? I'll go back and sort out the resources at hand. I'll contact the Hong Kong and Taiwan singers I'm more familiar with one by one and see if anyone is willing to come and save the show. Lil Wan, if you have the relevant resources, we can go through them first. If there is an overlap, we can persuade the other party together to increase the success rate."

Chen Wan said awkwardly, "Teacher He, I really don't have a good personal relationship with Hong Kong and Taiwan singers. Those I know are basically guests who have been on our show. I don't have too many personal relationships. Why don't I contact them and give it a try …"

He Wan waved her hand and let out a long sigh. She said, "Forget it, Lil Wan. If you don't have a good personal relationship with them, it's easy to offend them by making such an invitation at this time. If you don't mention it, the other party would not have to consider these things at all. But once you mention the invitation, it's equivalent to putting the other party in a difficult position. They don't want to agree, but it's not easy to reject …"

As she said that, He Wan shook her head helplessly and said, "This matter should be considered at length. I'll sort it out tonight. If you want to invite them, they must have a certain level of personal relationships. Only then will the other party trust you and not spread the news that you invited them. Only then will they be able to consider this issue on their own without any moral coercion."

...

Chen Wan sat in the water bar in Central TV for a while and drank a cup of coffee. She waited for Li Mu to pick her up and return to Ziyun Villa together.

After Li Mu got off work, he drove to Central TV and sent a text to Chen Wan. Within a few minutes, Chen Wan appeared in front of him.

Seeing that Chen Wan looked a little tired, Li Mu asked her, "The rehearsal will start in three days. Have you been very tired recently?"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "It's quite tiring, but I'm used to it. Sometimes I record two episodes of" Happy Camp "in a row. It's much more tiring than it is now."

Li Mu said with distress, "After this one, you have to prepare for the Xiangnan Satellite TV show when you go back to Xiangdu. I'm afraid your body won't be able to take it, right?"

"I won't."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "We are not so restrained in our own performance, and we can relax a lot psychologically."

"That's good."

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief and said, "If you are too tired, I can help you postpone this performance as much as possible."

Chen Wan asked curiously, "How are you going to postpone it?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "The people of Xiangnan Satellite TV contacted our public relations department and invited me to attend this party. If I am willing to go, the time of the performance can be accommodated to me. The 5th to the 10th can be set according to my time. If you want to rest for a few days first, I can communicate with them and see if I can set it to the 12th or later."

Chen Wan said, "Today, the director called me specifically to talk about this matter. He said he wanted to ask me for help and see if he could ask you."

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "I knew your station would definitely ask you for help."

With that, Li Mu asked her, "How did you reply?"

Chen Wan said, "I said I'll try my best."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you can tell them tomorrow that I agreed to participate after your invitation."

Chen Wan pursed her lips and was silent for a moment. Suddenly, she changed the topic and said to Li Mu, "There has been some unforeseen events at CCTV's party, and I feel quite upset."

Li Mu asked her, "What happened?"

Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "Have you heard about the WHO issuing another warning?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I heard about it. I was still discussing it at the company just now."

Chen Wan asked, "What do you think?"

Li Mu said, "The WHO's statement is definitely irresponsible. Now the state has made all the progress of the epidemic public in real time, without any concealment. There is no doubt about this, and the media all over the country have the right to investigate and report on their own. The state has issued a special document that no department or individual may interfere with the normal reporting of the media, so our current epidemic is indeed not as serious as the Westerners think."

Chen Wan asked curiously, "Then why would the WHO issue such an irresponsible warning?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let me put it this way. Originally, the Western countries and the media wanted to take this opportunity to exaggerate the news of Hua Xia's epidemic. On one hand, they wanted to tarnish the image of Hua Xia in the eyes of the Western people, and on the other hand, they wanted to demonize our government. However, the government's handling of the epidemic this time has been impeccable, making it very difficult for the Western media to use this as a pretext to make a fuss. Now, they're feeling very upset. Other than that, there's another very interesting reason. In the West, everyone is busy playing Plants vs Zombies Online, so they don't have the time to deal with this kind of news, so the Western government and media are even more depressed."

Chen Wan nodded in realization. "I understand now. The WHO's warning is actually their way of tarnishing our reputation."

"That's right."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The Western media has been tarnishing our reputation for a long time. Many of the seemingly authoritative international organizations are actually controlled by the West, so they sometimes do things in collusion. YY has already sent out a clarification to users all over the world, so they should be able to salvage some of it. As for the rest, there's nothing we can do about it. We can only say that it's healthier to be tarnished. We've been tarnished so many times over the years, so the intensity this time is nothing compared to the past."

Chen Wan said helplessly, "But by doing this, there will definitely be a lot of people who will be tricked by them. Central TV had ten singers from Hong Kong and Taiwan at the gala this time, but because the WHO said that Beijing is very dangerous, five of them have already withdrawn. They aren't willing to come to Hua Xia at this time when it seems to be very dangerous."

"That's a scam?"

Li Mu frowned, then waved his hand and said, "But it's normal for them to be worried at this time. It's understandable. Moreover, this matter doesn't really matter. There are so many singers in Beijing, they can find enough people to fill in the spots at any time."

Chen Wan said, "I thought so too at first, but the director and other staff seemed very disappointed. Teacher He analyzed that Central TV might be trying to use the participation of celebrities from both sides of the Taiwan Straits and Taiwan Straits to promote the unity of the three sides of the Taiwan Straits and Taiwan Straits to fight against SARS together. So it was quite a high level. Now that things have turned out this way, I'm afraid this idea will be very difficult to realize..."

Li Mu felt as if he had been enlightened. He originally thought that it was just a charity gala to deal with the epidemic, so he did not pay much attention to the format of the gala, nor did he have the heart to think about the deeper meaning of the gala. After Chen Wan's explanation, he finally understood the deeper meaning of the gala.

After understanding this, Li Mu's brows immediately furrowed. This deeper meaning was very good, and it was very significant. It would be a pity to just abort it like this...