Chapter 652

Shuitan Hospital.

Not long after Huang Jinxiao received his CT results, his younger brother, Huang Jinqiang, and sister, Huang Jinli, arrived. Both of them worked at Hongzhu Group and had always relied on Huang Jinxiao. When they heard that their older brother had been beaten up, they immediately rushed over.

Seeing Huang Jinxiao beaten up, Huang Jinqiang and Huang Jinli were furious. Huang Jinqiang shouted in front of the doctors at the hospital, "That brat is so arrogant. I want his life!

Brother, make a call to the Western District Sub-Bureau to send him to the detention center. I guarantee that he will die in there within three days! "

Huang Jinqiang had followed Huang Jinxiao into the underworld since he was twenty years old. For half of his life, he had been a hired thug and a street sweeper for his older brother. He wasn't bluffing when he said this. Although this kind of thing wasn't a common occurrence for him, he was used to it.

Huang Jinxiao gritted his teeth and said, "There's no rush. As long as he is in the detention center, we can do anything to him at any time. The most important thing now is to solve Shuo Lun's problem. Don't cause any trouble at this critical moment. Wait until Chen Bo is convicted and the court closes the case before we do anything to that brat. When that time comes, we will do as you said and find a way to let him die in there!"

Then, Huang Jinxiao said angrily, "There's one more thing you have to remember. The female college student that Shuo Lun killed had a classmate who was present at the scene. You have to think of a way to make sure that she doesn't say anything. If necessary, you have to use whatever means necessary. This is related to your nephew's future, understand?"

Huang Jinqiang nodded, "Don't worry, brother. I understand."

Huang Jinxiao asked again, "Has Chen Bo's family settled down?"

"It's settled down," Huang Jinqiang said, "I gave his wife two million."

Huang Jinxiao nodded. "Okay. Shuolun going to Yale for his MBA this year is our family's top priority. In order to get that ignorant and incompetent guy in, I've spent a lot of money. The money I've donated to Yale alone is enough to buy a f * cking big villa. The men in Old Huang's family are generally too uneducated, so people always laugh at us for being nouveau riche."

As she spoke, Huang Jinxiao sighed. "Because of this, the Old Master has been holding a grudge. He still hoped that his eldest grandson would go abroad to further his studies and come back with an awesome diploma to worship his ancestors. But he's going to America in a month's time, and this little brat is causing trouble for me again!"

Huang Jinqiang hurriedly consoled him, "Brother, Shuolun is actually quite sensible. This incident was just an accident, mainly because he's too young. Tell me, who doesn't make mistakes when they're young?

When you get back, don't scold him too much. Take a good rest and recuperate. "

Huang Jinxiao nodded and sighed. "That's all we can do. Don't tell the Old Master about Shuolun and my injury. I don't want him to worry. It'll be troublesome if he falls sick again."

As they spoke, Wu You's phone rang. He took it out and looked at it. He said to Huang Jinxiao, "CEO Huang, Deputy Bureau Chief Jia from the Municipal Bureau."

Huang Jinxiao hurriedly said, "Pass it over."

Huang Jinxiao felt that Deputy Bureau Chief Jia must have called to apologize to him personally. When he answered the call, he didn't expect Deputy Bureau Chief Jia to only say one sentence. "CEO Huang, the Western District Branch has released the young man who hit you."

When Huang Jinxiao heard this, he immediately exploded.

"What?

The Western District Branch has released him?!

Jia, are you f * cking kidding me?! "

"Bureau Chief Gu??

What does this have to do with him?! "

"F * ck!!!

Old Jia, you can't just stand by and watch this happen!

My son is going to America next month … "

"Sorry?

What's the use of sorry?

I only have one son. Whatever you say … "

"Old Jia?

Old Jia?

F * ck your grandma! "

After Huang Jinxiao finished cursing, he angrily threw his phone away. Huang Jinli hurriedly asked him, "Brother, what happened?"

Huang Jinxiao angrily cursed, "F * ck, that Jia called and said that the Western District Branch has released that young man!

He said that this matter was personally ordered by the Municipal Bureau's Bureau Chief Gu to investigate this case. Now that Jia doesn't dare to help, he wants to wash his hands of this matter! "

Then, Huang Jinxiao gritted his teeth and cursed again, "F * ck, that Gu wants to release the young man who hit me, and now he wants to investigate Shuo Lun's case. He's obviously targeting me!

I haven't f * cking offended him! "

When Huang Jinqiang heard this, he anxiously asked, "Brother, could it be that we have offended someone in the past, and the other party is using this opportunity to take revenge?"

At this moment, Huang Jinli's mind was calmer. She considered the bigger picture. She suddenly thought of a detail that no one had noticed and asked, "Brother, have you found out who that young man is?"

Huang Jinxiao said angrily, "I've been famous in the underworld for so many years. Why should I take the initiative to find out who a 20-year-old young man is?

If I can't even subdue him, I don't want to be in the underworld anymore! "

Huang Jinli asked him back, "Brother, do you think a 20-year-old young man would need bodyguards when he goes out?"

Only then did Huang Jinxiao realize that he had overlooked a very big problem. His four bodyguards had all been knocked down by three powerful people who had appeared out of nowhere. However, he had forgotten to think about their relationship with the young man who hit him. According to his sister, those three people could really be that young man's bodyguards …

Huang Jinli turned her head to look at the lawyer, who had a pig's head, and asked him, "Wu You, did you see the situation clearly at that time?"

Wu You nodded repeatedly and said with lingering fear, "Those three people were really too powerful. I don't know where they came from, but in three seconds, they knocked down all four of CEO Huang's bodyguards. Two of them are still unconscious."

Huang Jinqiang, who had been acting the whole time, sucked in a breath of cold air when he heard this. His chin almost dropped to the ground, and he blurted out, "Brother, the four bodyguards I assigned to you are all top-notch masters!

Especially Kunzi, he was a special police officer, and he even won the National Mixed Martial Arts Championship of the armed police system before. That guy is really strong!

How could he be KO'd in one move? Are the young man's bodyguards really that powerful? "

Huang Jinxiao snorted coldly, "What f * cking Double Champion? He's just a piece of trash. The opponent was alone, and not only did he knock him down with one move, he also knocked down Kunzi."

Wu You, who was at the side, said angrily, "Kunzi's CT results are out. The opponent only kicked him once. Just one kick, and three of his ribs were broken. When he was sent flying, he fell to the ground and suffered a comminuted fracture of his right pelvis. His right wrist was dislocated, and his soft tissues were damaged. The doctor said that it would be good if he could sit up in bed within a month …"

Huang Jinqiang's face was full of shock, and at the same time, he felt a little embarrassed. "These bullsh * t national champions are all f * cking bullsh * t. They don't have any value at all. When you get out of the hospital, I'll find you a few really powerful ones."

Huang Jinli said, "Third Brother, let's not talk about these useless things first. Let's analyze the background of that young man first. How could a normal person bring three such powerful bodyguards with him?

I'm worried that Shuo Lun's incident might really be so insignificant. He might have accidentally provoked a tough guy … "

…

After Li Mu called Lin Ching-ah, he immediately called Zhao Kang. Zhao Kang was accompanying Su Yingxue at the entrance of the branch office. When he saw Li Mu's phone call, he immediately picked it up happily and asked, "Li Mu?"

Li Mu said, "It's me. I'm fine here. Where's Yingxue?"

"That's good. Yingxue is beside me. Let her talk to you."

Su Yingxue took the phone and asked Li Mu anxiously, "They didn't make things difficult for you, right?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "No, it's fine now. Now they're begging me to go. I don't want to go. You wait with Kangzi for a while, I'll ask them to invite you two in."

Su Yingxue was confused, but soon, Lu Changyong ran out in person and pulled Song Zheng with him. Song Zheng had seen Su Yingxue before, so he recognized her at a glance, so the two of them hurriedly ran to Su Yingxue. Song Zheng hurriedly introduced, "Miss Su, this is Director Lu of our branch office."

Su Yingxue didn't say anything. She just looked at him warily. Lu Changyong hurriedly said humbly and respectfully, "Miss Su, Mr. Lee asked me to invite you two in …"

In short, Lu Changyong was ready to be a grandson to the end, because he had just figured out Chen Ze's identity. When he learned about Chen Ze's family background, his legs couldn't help but shake. Now he only had one thought. It didn't matter if he pretended to be a grandson or a great-grandson. The most important thing was to safely get through the crisis in front of him.

When Su Yingxue and Zhao Kang also arrived at the interrogation room where Li Mu was previously detained, Song Liang and Chen Ze were already sitting on the chairs used by the police to interrogate prisoners. Li Mu was still sitting on the ground next to the radiator. Next to him was a policeman carrying a chair. He said with a bitter face, "Mr. Li, please get up and sit down, or our Director Lu will blame me later …"

Just then, Su Yingxue and Zhao Kang came in. Li Mu hurriedly said to Su Yingxue, "Come and sit here."

Then he said to the policeman, "Please bring another chair."

The policeman hurried away. Su Yingxue squatted in front of Li Mu and asked him in a low voice, "What's going on?"

At this moment, Su Yingxue was very surprised. She knew Song Liang. A long time ago in Haizhou, Guo Yuhang had asked some gangsters to teach Li Mu a lesson, and it was Song Liang who did it. However, Su Yingxue only knew that he was very famous in Haizhou, but she didn't know why he was here. Did he come all the way here from Haizhou?

Wasn't this efficiency a little too fast?

Su Yingxue didn't know that Li Mu had done a lot of things in his career. She had suffered such a big shock and grievance today. Li Mu really couldn't bear to solve this matter behind her back, so he simply threw caution to the wind. He would admit as much as Su Yingxue saw today. If she asked him later, he would confess everything to her.

Therefore, Li Mu kissed her gently on the cheek and said in her ear, "Don't be too surprised and anxious if you have any questions tonight. When it's over, I'll explain it to you bit by bit."

Su Yingxue didn't understand much, but she still nodded seriously.

As soon as Li Mu finished speaking, Lu Changyong pushed the door open, then stepped aside and said to the door, "Mr. Li is here."

The next moment, Lin Ching-ah hurried in with a pile of packed lunch boxes, followed by Kong Lingyu. Then, a man wearing a mask and sunglasses came in. Li Mu recognized him at a glance. When he was wondering why Zhang Guorong came here, two other women wearing masks and sunglasses came in. Mei Yanfang and Mo Wenwei were both here …

Li Mu was surprised. What was going on? Why was there such a big scene?