Chapter 673

Previously, all the information about Wei Jun was just gossip. Although a lot of the information was released by officials, it wasn't released through official channels. However, Wei Lan knew that once the court requested for her father to assist in the investigation, it meant that the other party was about to open their bloody mouth wide.

The leading lawyer looked at Wei Lan, whose eyebrows were knitted together, and said with a regretful expression, "Chief Wei, the court's intentions are very clear now. Right now, Wu Qinghai's case has already reached Director Wei. If Director Wei doesn't come to the court to register and assist in the investigation, then the court will think that Director Wei is intentionally avoiding the investigation. At that time, the court may issue an even stricter seizure order."

Wei Lan sneered and said, "What else can they seal?

Right now, all of Jun Cheng Real Estate's projects under construction have been stopped. The money in the company's accounts can't be moved at all, and all real estate transactions are restricted. Wu Qinghai's case involves my father, so they can't seal me, right? "

The lawyer pursed his lips and sighed. "If they officially confirm that Director Wei is a suspect, then all of Director Wei's assets in the country will be temporarily seized. Moreover, the more Director Wei doesn't show up, the more severe the court's final measures will be …"

Wei Lan asked him, "Do you want my father to come back and take the initiative to deliver himself to them?"

The lawyer hurriedly shook his head and said awkwardly, "Of course not. What I meant was for you to be mentally prepared. If this matter continues like this, the outcome might not be very optimistic."

Wei Lan nodded with a grave expression and said, "What you need to do is try your best to mediate with the court. Don't worry about other things for now."

The three lawyers looked at each other. From their point of view, this case already had no room for mediation. They understood that there was someone more capable behind this that wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to get rid of Jun Cheng Real Estate. With Wu Qinghai's case pressing down, Wei Jun couldn't make a comeback at all.

However, after all, the three of them took on this case. No matter what, they still had to persevere to the end. The leading lawyer stood up and said to Wei Lan, "Chief Wei, let's study it carefully again and see if there are any loopholes that we can use."

Wei Lan grunted, pinching the bridge of her nose with one hand and waving the other gently. "Okay, you guys go first."

After the lawyers left, Wei Lan looked at the time. It was already 6 pm. She had an appointment with an old classmate who worked at the city's Third Intermediate Court. Although he was only a section chief at the Third Intermediate Court, for a 27-year-old to be promoted to section chief at such a young age, it was already the fastest speed in his career. He really didn't waste a year.

Wei Lan's father's case was handled by the Second Intermediate Court. Initially, Wei Lan had tried to find some leaders of the Second Intermediate Court, but as soon as they heard her name, almost all of them refused to meet with her for various reasons. Finally, a president agreed to meet with her, but when she was about to go to the agreed restaurant, she received a call from the other party. On the phone, the other party found an excuse that his child was sick and stood her up. Wei Lan had previously found out that his wife and child had returned to their hometown during the summer holidays, so they weren't in Shanghai at all.

She really couldn't find anyone from the Second Intermediate Court. Wei Lan was at her wit's end in the legal system, so she found her old classmate to meet. Although they weren't from the same intermediate court, they were still in the same system. Moreover, it was said that although the other party's father wasn't in the legal system, he was quite powerful. If the other party was willing to help, she might be able to turn things around.

If it weren't for the fact that she was at her wit's end, Wei Lan wouldn't have asked this classmate to meet. The other party used to crazily pursue her for a period of time, but Wei Lan really didn't have any feelings for him, so she had been avoiding him. Later, the other party persisted for several years before he finally gave up. It was said that he already had a fiancée.

Wei Lan drove out of the company and drove for half an hour before she arrived at the agreed restaurant. Before getting out of the car, Wei Lan specially touched up her makeup in the car. After hesitating for a while, she gritted her teeth and unbuttoned the first and second buttons of her small shirt. Her deep cleavage just happened to reveal a finger's gap, which was particularly attractive.

Looking at her current self through the makeup mirror, Wei Lan felt a wave of disgust in her heart. She had always been clean and self-disciplined, but today, she unexpectedly did such a dirty little thing. Although her purpose was only to increase her attractiveness so that the other party wouldn't reject her request so easily, this kind of behavior was still somewhat unacceptable in her eyes.

Wei Lan struggled in the car for a long time. In the end, she gritted her teeth, pushed the makeup mirror up, opened the door, got out of the car, and went straight to the door of the restaurant.

Just as she sat down in the reserved private room, Wei Lan suddenly received a phone call. The caller was the male classmate she had an appointment with tonight. Unexpectedly, the other party said on the phone, "I'm sorry, Wei Lan, I can't go tonight …"

Wei Lan hurriedly asked him, "What's wrong, Shi Bin? Didn't we have an appointment?"

Shi Bin said awkwardly, "I'm really sorry. There's an urgent matter at the hospital, and I have to work overtime. I really can't leave …"

Wei Lan blurted out, "Tell me, how late are you going to work overtime? I can wait."

Shi Bin didn't expect Wei Lan to push him so hard, so he could only bite the bullet and say, "I'm not sure tonight. Maybe it'll be after midnight. If I work overtime too late, my girlfriend won't be at ease. If I meet you again, I'm afraid she'll misunderstand."

Wei Lan said, "Then let's change it to tomorrow, okay?"

Shi Bin said awkwardly, "I've been quite busy recently. Can we talk about it after this period of time?"

Wei Lan panicked and said, "Then can I go to your No.3 Middle School to find you now? I won't ask for anything else. Can you at least take ten minutes to meet me?"

Shi Bin seemed to be afraid that Wei Lan would really go over, so he hurriedly blurted out, "Aiya, Wei Lan, don't come …" After a moment, he let out a long sigh. "Sigh, I'll tell you the truth!

I know why you're looking for me, but I really can't help with your family's matters. Don't talk about helping, even if I meet you now, I'm afraid I'll ruin my own future. Uncle Wei's matter this time is really too big. I'm just a small cadre, I really can't help even if I want to … "

Today, before Shi Bin left after work, he received a call from his family's old man. On the phone, the old man said that the No.2 Middle School had officially requested Wei Jun's assistance in the investigation. He knew that Shi Bin had been infatuated with Wei Lan for many years, so he specially called to remind him that if Wei Lan came looking for him at this time, he must not be stupid and muddle-headed. He must draw a clear line between himself and Wei Lan. The weight behind this matter was something that no one in the Shi family could afford to provoke. Even if they were to get even the slightest bit involved, they would be afraid of being implicated.

Although Shi Bin really wanted to see Wei Lan, the lover of his dreams for many years, he wasn't an animal that thought with the lower half of his body. When the old man said this, he immediately realized that Wei Lan absolutely couldn't be seen right now. Otherwise, with the trouble that her family was currently in, and with his special identity, it would be very easy for him to become a live target for the Wei family's enemies.

When Wei Lan heard that Shi Bin had told her everything, she suddenly became emotional. She didn't think that the crisis her family was facing was so serious that she couldn't even make an appointment with someone from the legal system. Even if it was an old classmate of many years, even if it was someone who had pursued her crazily for many years, at this moment, none of them dared to have a private meal with her. From this, it could be seen that the possibility of getting through this crisis safely was too small. The Wei family might not be able to escape this time.

However, Wei Lan still tried her best to control her emotions and asked him, "Shi Bin, you're someone from the legal system. Since we've been classmates for many years, can you tell me everything? Can our family survive this time?"

Shi Bin hesitated again and again, but in the end, he still opened his mouth and said, "Wei Lan, we've been classmates for many years. I'll give you a piece of advice: no matter what, don't let Uncle Wei come back. If he comes back, it won't be of any positive effect to Juncheng Real Estate. Instead, he'll throw himself into it …"

Wei Lan understood in her heart, and her chest felt stuffy. She gave up on continuing to ask Shi Bin and said in a dejected voice, "I understand. Thank you, Shi Bin. Go do what you need to do."

After hanging up the phone, Wei Lan suddenly leaned on the dining table and cried bitterly in this private room where she was the only one left.

After a long time, there was a knock on the door of the private room, and a girl's voice came from outside. "Hello, waiter."

Wei Lan hurriedly raised her head and hurriedly wiped her tears with a tissue. She said, "Please come in."

The door of the private room was gently pushed open, and a girl in her twenties walked in. She asked her politely, "Hello, madam. Do you still want to order?"

Half an hour ago, Wei Lan had told her that the person she had an appointment with would arrive soon. However, half an hour had passed, and there was still no sign of him.

Wei Lan wasn't sure what the waiter meant, but there was at least a 50% chance that the other party wanted to tell her that if she didn't order, she would have to leave. Thus, she said, "I'll order. Bring the menu over."

The waitress handed the menu over. Wei Lan flipped it open and casually ordered some dishes. Then, she handed the menu back to the waitress and said, "I'll serve it in half an hour."

The waitress nodded, turned around, and left. Wei Lan was left alone in the private room again. She didn't cry anymore. Instead, she became even more determined that her father wouldn't be in danger in the United States. She and her mother wouldn't be implicated by the law, so she would stay here alone and fight to the death with them.

Wei Lan secretly swore in her heart that even if she couldn't change the fate of Juncheng Real Estate falling into the hands of others in the end, she would become a sharp thorn. She didn't hope to choke the other party's throat, but at the very least, she would make it difficult for them to eat!

Just as she was secretly swearing, Wei Lan's phone rang again. This time, it was the shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate — Song Zhilei.

As soon as she saw Song Zhilei's name, Wei Lan gritted her teeth in hatred. In her eyes, this Song Zhilei was really too much. When he was just a labor contractor, her father did the first civil construction project in his life. He built a four-story teaching building for a middle school in the suburbs of Shanghai. At that time, Song Zhilei was the construction party.

After that cooperation, her father explored more and more ways. Because their cooperation was good, he brought him along for every project. Later, the two of them jointly established Juncheng Real Estate. Song Zhilei invested a sum of money and took up 20% of the shares. During this time, he kept calling her to buy back his shares. He knew that she couldn't take out hundreds of millions in cash to buy back his shares, and she didn't have the obligation to do so at all. However, he still didn't give up. He called again and again, making a scene, threatening, cursing, and resorting to any means possible.

Wei Lan deliberately didn't pick up the phone. After two consecutive calls, Song Zhilei sent Wei Lan a text message.

"The Lanke Group is willing to buy my shares at a total valuation of 150 million. If you also agree to sell, they are willing to value it at 300 million. You better agree quickly. The sooner you die, the sooner you can reincarnate. I don't want to die with your family!"

Wei Lan's fingers moved nimbly as she replied, "Wash up and go to sleep."