Chapter 1116

Due to the strong promotion online and offline, "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" attracted a lot of attention in a short period of time. Li Mu decided to release 30 test screenings in Beijing two days before the movie was released, which was on December 5th. All the test screenings would be held in his own cinema chain.

Li Mu's Muye Cinema chain had a total of 14 cinemas of different sizes in Beijing, all of which were named "Muye International Cinema". They had 65 screening halls and 12590 seats, which was one-third of Beijing's cinema chain.

This time, Li Mu held the 30 test screenings in five of the larger cinemas. The five cinemas would show the movie at the same time. There would be a total of six screenings starting from ten o 'clock in the morning.

The tickets for the 30 test screenings were all free, but they wouldn't be given away through any offline channels. Online tickets would only be distributed on Taobao and YY through the Muye Films ticketing system. The rules were very simple. YY and Taobao users would receive a ticket reminder in advance. As long as the users followed the movie's news, they would have a chance to get the tickets for the test screenings.

At ten o 'clock in the morning on December 3rd, YY and Taobao sent out notifications at the same time, announcing that the tickets for the test screenings of "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" would be released on both platforms at the same time. Since the test screenings were all held in Beijing, the tickets were only sent to users who logged in with an IP address in Beijing.

Currently, YY had about five million registered users in Beijing, and Taobao had about three million. The ratio of overlap was very high. Basically, more than 90% of Taobao's users were YY users. Under such circumstances, the push only targeted at Beijing users reached at least five million people, so the effect of the push in Beijing was still very strong.

The notification was sent out at ten o 'clock in the morning, and by three o' clock in the afternoon, more than a million people had lit up the "I want to see" logo on the movie's news page. According to the rules of Muye Films, as long as the users in Beijing lit up this logo, they would naturally have a chance to participate in the ticket lottery.

At 10 AM on December 4th, YY and Taobao combined, there were 1.7 million users who clicked on the "I want to see" logo.

At the same time, the two platforms used the computer's random extraction logic to select the final ownership of the 6,000 tickets. When the final ownership was announced, the ticketing system officially appeared in front of the public.

YY and Taobao gave out a special method of redeeming the prize to the users selected by their respective platforms.

The original template of the official explanation was: "Dear user, congratulations on obtaining a ticket for the test screening of 'The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years'. Your ticket information is: Beijing Animal Husbandry International Cinema (XX Store), December 5th, X: 00 PM, Row XX, Number XX. The ticket exchange code is: XXXXX. Please go to the cinema in advance to exchange for the paper ticket through the self-service ticket collection machine!"

This time, not only were the lucky audience curious, but the industry insiders who had been paying attention to Makino Image were also curious.

Ever since Makino Image entered the industry, it had always received attention from the film and television industry. This was mainly because everyone knew that Makino Image was Li Mu's company, and Li Mu was an amazing person who could do anything he did. Therefore, everyone paid close attention to Makino Image. They paid attention to which actors and directors it signed, which movies it invested in, and most importantly, which innovative products it had.

Therefore, the self-service ticket collection machine suddenly became the object of research in the film and television industry.

It was understandable that the prize redemption was using a redemption code. After all, both parties needed a unified voucher in order to deliver the tickets to the users. However, everyone used manual labor. Why did Makino Image use a "self-service ticket collection machine"?

Although the industry insiders did not understand what a self-service ticket collection machine was, it was easy to understand the meaning of the words.

First of all, this thing was called a ticket collection machine. In other words, it was a machine that was specially used to collect movie tickets.

Secondly, this thing was said to be self-service. In other words, users only needed to operate it themselves to collect the movie tickets.

Combining these two points of analysis, the industry insiders were immediately surprised to think that Makino Image should have developed a set of ticket vending machines for cinemas.

No one would have thought that Li Mu had developed a complete set of solutions that allowed people to choose seats online, buy tickets, and then collect tickets offline. They just thought that Li Mu should have developed a machine that could directly sell the movie tickets of his own cinema. However, how practical was this thing?

Even if the experience was good, it could only replace the ticket sales staff of the cinema, right?

Moreover, many places would definitely not be as useful as the ticket sales staff. Just the payment and change would probably be very troublesome.

Some big shots in the film and television industry scoffed at Li Mu's new way of doing things. They felt that Li Mu was very good in the Internet business, but he was still inexperienced in the film and television and cinema chains. He had too many ideas. The cinema chain business was not easy to do. Li Mu bought such a big two cinema chains and spent a lot of money to renovate them. With such a huge investment, who knew how many years it would take for him to recoup his capital?

In fact, for the current film and television industry, even if one had the money to do film and television, one should try not to do it in the cinema chain. The whole film and television industry was in a downturn, and the worst was the cinema chain. Everyone was suffering now, hoping that one day the industry would recover or the government would vigorously crack down on piracy. Only then would they be able to see the light. Before that happened, no one would invest in the cinema chain. This was the main reason why Li Mu's two cinema chains could be in his pocket.

Not only did Li Mu spend a lot of money to enter the cinema chains, he even set up a self-service ticket collection machine. This was even more ridiculous in the eyes of the industry insiders. The biggest problem in the cinema chain industry was that most users were still unwilling to spend money to watch movies in the cinema. What was the practical use of a self-service ticket collection machine at this time?

It was nothing more than sensationalism.

Although the industry insiders felt that Makino Image's "self-service ticket collection machine" would become the laughingstock of the industry, when it came to the 5th of December, many companies in the industry sent people to the major cinemas of Makino Image. They wanted to see what the hell Makino Technology's self-service ticket collection machine was.

From 9: 30 in the morning, the audience who had obtained the tickets for the first test screening at 10 o 'clock began to enter the cinema. At this time, they were also confused. Everyone used their mobile phones or a piece of paper to record their eight-digit exchange code, but they had no idea how to exchange it.

Fortunately, there were special staff in the cinema to guide them. As soon as they entered the cinema and stated their purpose, the staff immediately led them to the self-service ticket collection machine and taught them how to enter the exchange code to exchange and print the paper tickets.

The self-service ticket-collecting machine designed and developed by Muye Technology looked particularly high-tech. It was made of black glass and had a built-in LCD screen. The visual experience of the machine was excellent, and the operation interface gave people a sense of elegance. The most amazing thing about the machine was the paper ticket printing. The quality of the paper printed was also extraordinary, and it looked very interesting.

Wang Kai, 28, was a senior executive of another large cinema chain in Yan Jing. Today, he specially came to find out what the hell the "self-service ticket collection machine" of Makino Image was. After all, they were in the same industry, and they were also very concerned about Li Mu's actions. They were afraid that Li Mu would really come up with something extraordinary and reshuffle the whole industry.

Wang Kai sneaked into the Three Yuanqiao branch of Muye International Cinema at 9: 30. He walked around the hall for a long time and saw that many lucky winners had successfully collected their tickets. He was also very curious about whether this machine could realize self-service ticket sales. If it could, how did it work?

When no one was around, Wang Kai came to one of the ticket collection machines and carefully operated it for a long time. However, he found that the design of this thing was so sophisticated, but it only had one function: collecting tickets.

"What the hell?

Did Makino Image specially design such a machine to collect tickets?

If it can't even buy tickets, what's the point of it?

Is it only used for online lucky draws and exchange codes for users? "

Just as Wang Kai was scratching his head in confusion, a staff member came to him and asked politely, "Sir, is there anything I can help you with?"

"Oh, oh." Wang Kai hurriedly asked her, "I want to buy a movie ticket. How do I operate it?

I've been looking at it for a long time, but I don't understand. "

The staff said politely, "I'm sorry, sir. Our cinema is not open yet. The official opening will not be until 9: 30 am on the 7th."

Wang Kai pretended to be puzzled and asked, "Then I saw people come over and click a few buttons just now to get the movie tickets. What's going on?"

The staff explained, "Those are the lucky audience who got tickets for our test screening online. They have the exchange code, so they can enter the exchange code on this machine to get the movie tickets."

Wang Kai said in surprise, "Such a big machine is only used for this purpose?

I thought it could at least sell tickets by itself! "

"I'm sorry, sir. Our machines can only be used to collect tickets."

Wang Kai was contemptuous in his heart, but he nodded helplessly. "Well, I'll come back after you open."

After that, Wang Kai stepped out of the cinema and immediately called his boss after he walked out of the door.

As soon as the phone was connected, the other side asked, "How's the investigation going?"

"Almost."

Wang Kai chuckled. "Muye Image must've been bored out of his mind. He actually installed four ticket-collecting machines to allow lucky winners to redeem paper tickets. I've never seen such a useless piece of hardware before. They must've lost their minds!"

Wang Kai was not the only one who despised Makino Image's self-service ticket collection machine. All the people in the industry who came out to investigate the situation were also relieved like him. At the same time, they were full of contempt for Makino Image's non-mainstream approach. In their opinion, this self-service ticket collection machine was simply rubbish. It couldn't sell tickets by itself. Users could only buy tickets at the cinema's ticket window. What the hell was the use of this thing?

The person who designed this thing must be crazy, right?

…