Chapter 301

Lin Ching-ah finally accepted Li Mu's proposal to borrow money from Li Mu to solve the problem at home first. However, since she decided to give him 150,000 yuan first, Lin Ching-ah also decided to borrow 150,000 yuan from Li Mu first.

Li Mu didn't insist anymore. This 150,000 yuan could solve her immediate problem and let her not be bothered by these external factors. As long as she was willing to take it, he would be relieved.

Li Mu sent Lin Ching-ah to Shuangyun Grand Court and parked the car outside her unit. Before Lin Ching-ah got out of the car, she hesitated for a long time before she plucked up the courage to ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, it's so late. Can you still go back to the dormitory now?"

Li Mu nodded, "I can go back, don't worry."

Only then did Lin Ching-ah say, "Then I'll go up first."

"Go ahead. Don't think too much when you go back. Have a good rest. Send me your account number tomorrow."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and pushed the door open. Before she got out of the car, she said to Li Mu, "Then Li Zong, drive slowly when you go back …"

"Okay."

Li Mu waved his hand and said goodbye to Lin Ching-ah. Then, he dragged his tired body back to Yucheng Garden. It was almost three o 'clock in the morning now. He had been a little overtired during this period of time. He just relied on his physical fitness to endure it. At this moment, he suddenly felt a deep sense of tiredness invading his whole body.

Once this kind of deep tiredness hit him, it was difficult to endure it with willpower alone. Li Mu even felt that he might fall asleep as soon as his head touched the pillow. But there was still at least a kilometer to go. He drove out of the community, arrived at Yucheng Garden, and then parked the car …

Afraid that he would fall asleep as soon as he closed his eyes, Li Mu almost bit his tongue and drove to Yucheng Garden. Then, he took the elevator home in a daze. As soon as he got out of the elevator, he immediately took out his key and wanted to go back to rest. Unexpectedly, just as he coughed to turn on the voice-activated light, the door of the stairwell next to him was suddenly opened. Su Yingxue, who was also exhausted, suddenly appeared in the stairwell. She stared at Li Mu in surprise and blurted out, "Where have you been? I couldn't contact you for so long!"

Li Mu was stunned. He looked at Su Yingxue, whose eyes were red, and asked in astonishment, "Why are you here so late at night?"

Su Yingxue walked up to Li Mu and said, "I tried calling you since the evening, but I couldn't get through. I looked for Zhao Kang, Senior Sister Ai, and asked her to contact your dormitory roommate, but I couldn't find you. I was worried and thought that you might be here, so I came to look for you. In the end, you weren't here, so I went to your dormitory. I waited until 11 o 'clock and still didn't see you, so I came here to wait for you."

Li Mu couldn't help but feel a pang of heartache. He blurted out, "You've been waiting for me until now?"

Su Yingxue nodded and asked him, "Where have you been?

Why is your phone turned off? "

Li Mu felt a wave of regret in his heart. He only told his family and a few people he had to contact for work, but he didn't tell his new number to Su Yingxue. It was really his negligence. Otherwise, she wouldn't have looked for him for so long and waited here in the middle of the night.

However, Li Mu was really embarrassed to tell the truth, so he made up a lie and said, "I've been busy outside today, and my phone ran out of battery …"

Su Yingxue couldn't help but let out a long sigh. "I'm really a little paranoid. I thought that your phone might have run out of battery, but I couldn't get in touch with you. The more I couldn't get in touch with you, the more worried I was that something might have happened, so …"

Li Mu looked at her haggard and tired look, and his heart was very touched. He didn't expect that he was so important in her heart. A phone call couldn't get through, and it actually made her look for all the people she could find who were related to him, and she even waited for him here for so long. When he thought about how she walked out of the stairwell just now, he guessed that she must have been sitting on the stairs inside for a long time …

He suddenly felt bad in his heart again.

Li Mu said, "You've waited for me for so long. Isn't your aunt worried?"

Su Yingxue said, "I told her that my roommate in the dormitory is sick, and I came back to take care of her. I'll stay in the dormitory tonight."

Li Mu nodded and came back to his senses. He said, "Let's not stand here like idiots. Let's go in and talk."

A trace of panic flashed across Su Yingxue's face. "I … I'd better go back to the dormitory. The door of the dormitory is not locked during the holidays."

Li Mu said, "It's so late. Your roommate must be asleep. Let's do the same as last time. You sleep in the master bedroom, and I'll sleep in the side bedroom."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment, but still nodded gently. "Okay."

It was indeed too late. It was indeed not appropriate to go back to the dormitory. Moreover, the two of them had slept here for a night. Su Yingxue was not worried about Li Mu at all. She was just a little embarrassed in the depths of her heart, but it was not a big problem.

Li Mu opened the door and entered the room with Su Yingxue. As soon as Su Yingxue entered the room, she breathed a sigh of relief and went straight to the standing radiator in the living room. She leaned her back against the radiator to keep warm. Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Is it very cold in the corridor?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said awkwardly, "There's no heating in the corridor. It's still a little cold after staying here for a long time."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Why don't you take a hot bath to warm yourself up first?"

Su Yingxue asked him, "Do you still have the toothbrush and towel I bought last time?"

Li Mu nodded. "They're all still here. They haven't been touched."

Su Yingxue said, "Then I'll go take a bath first." As she said that, she walked to the bathroom.

At this time, the phone in Li Mu's pocket suddenly rang with the chord of a text message. Li Mu's whole body froze because of these two chord sounds. Su Yingxue's figure was also obviously startled. Li Mu was ashamed in his heart. Just as he said the excuse that his phone was out of battery, the phone in his pocket rang. This is too f * cking f * cking!

What should Su Yingxue think?

Li Mu suddenly did not know what to do. He did not even know if he should take out his phone. The ringtone just now was a text message reminder. If he did not open it to check, the phone would remind him again in about a minute. Wouldn't that be even more embarrassing?

However, if he took out his phone in front of Su Yingxue, how could he explain it to her?

Would he say that he did not tell her that he changed his number and deliberately lied to her?

Would he be worthy of her looking for him for so long and even waiting for him in the cold corridor for so long?

Su Yingxue was also stunned. Her first reaction in her heart was a little angry. Li Mu's phone rang. Even if he did not take out his phone, she could be sure that the sound came from his phone. His phone clearly had battery, but why did he tell her that his phone was out of battery?

Moreover, his phone clearly had battery. Why did it turn off when she called him? Why did everyone else call him?

The smart Su Yingxue quickly guessed that Li Mu must have secretly changed his number, because this was the only explanation that could make sense. Otherwise, it would be somewhat contrary to common sense. After all, today's phones could not be like the smartphones of the future with firewalls and blacklists. If the other party's phone was turned off during the call, then it must be turned off. There was no second possibility.

Although Su Yingxue was a little angry in her heart, she did not show it on her face. She felt that it would inevitably be awkward to continue this stalemate, especially for Li Mu. His face, which was not good at pretending, was already filled with the word "awkward". As for why Li Mu lied, she believed that Li Mu had his own reasons and reasons. She might as well give him some space and let him decide whether or not to give her an explanation.

Therefore, Su Yingxue said, "I'm going to take a shower."

After saying that, she quickened her steps to the bathroom. Hearing the sound of the shower running in the bathroom, Li Mu finally let out a sigh of relief. In fact, his whole body was already so awkward that it was as if he had been cast with a paralysis spell. Now that Su Yingxue was not looking at him, he first took out his phone, ready to see who sent him a text at this time of the night. Moreover, it was such a coincidence.

He opened it and saw that the text was from Lin Ching-ah. There was only one sentence: "Have you reached home?"

Li Mu lamented in his heart. Lin Ching-ah only asked if he had reached home because she was concerned about him. His lie was exposed, how could he vent his anger on her? He could only reply angrily: "I've reached home. You should rest early."

Then, afraid that Lin Ching-ah would reply again, he hurriedly turned his phone to silent mode.

Sure enough, Lin Ching-ah replied almost instantly: "You should rest early too. Good night!"

Li Mu did not reply again. In his heart, he was thinking about how to explain to Su Yingxue. After all, not only was she worried because his phone was turned off, but she also came here to wait for him. In the end, she found out that he was lying. He did not know how disappointed she would be …

When Su Yingxue was taking a shower, Li Mu stood in the living room in a daze. His mind was filled with how to explain.

To tell the truth?

To tell the truth was a bit of a long story. Why did he turn off his phone?

Why was he bombarded with phone calls?

If he did not tell the story of Makino Technology, it would be difficult for others to accept this reason. Nowadays, mobile phones were still relatively rare, and mobile phone bills were also extremely expensive. Who would be so free to bombard people with phone calls?

They had never even heard of it …

But if he told the truth, this story would be long. Moreover, Li Mu really did not want to let Su Yingxue know about Makino Technology so early. He was afraid that if he told her, it would create an invisible distance between him and Su Yingxue. It was just like when he knew that she was admitted to the National People's Congress. In contrast, he felt that she was not from the same world as him, and the distance between them was a lot wider. When he knew that she had gone abroad, this sense of distance became even stronger. When he just had a monthly salary of more than ten thousand, her annual salary was hundreds of thousands. This sense of distance was like heaven and earth.

He and Su Yingxue were the same age, but he was sitting on a net worth of hundreds of millions of yuan. One could imagine how shocking this fact was to his peers.