Chapter 352

Li Mu and Hu Zhengdao walked out of the dormitory building together. Hu Zhengdao took out a pack of soft red plums from his pocket and took out two. He put one in his mouth and handed the other to Li Mu.

Li Mu took the cigarette and asked curiously, "When did you learn to smoke?"

Hu Zhengdao lit his cigarette and lit up Li Mu's cigarette. He said, "Didn't I go to all the internet cafes recently? Every time I went to an internet cafe, people would give me cigarettes. At first, I refused, but later, I don't know why I started smoking."

Li Mu stretched out his hand to protect the flame of the lighter. When the cigarette was lit, he took a deep puff. But to his surprise, he had not smoked Red Plum for a long time, so when he took a puff, his throat became sore. He coughed a few times and even burst into tears. Then, he said to Hu Zhengdao with some embarrassment, "It seems that I've pushed you into the fire pit."

Hu Zhengdao smiled. "Third Brother, don't say that. You're the one who pulled me out of the fire pit. If you didn't give me a living, I really don't know what to do with Yanan's mother."

Although the dormitory had been arranged according to their size, they rarely talked about it. Li Mu asked him, "What's wrong today?

You seem to have something on your mind. "

"Yes."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Yanan's mother's condition has worsened recently. Today, she went to the hospital for dialysis. The doctor said that her physical condition isn't very optimistic, so she went to the hospital in the afternoon."

Li Mu hurriedly asked him, "What happened?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "I asked the doctor, and he said that her organs are suffering from chronic organ failure. She needs to stay in the hospital for 24 hours to avoid any sudden complications."

Li Mu sighed and asked him a moment later, "Do you need money?"

Hu Zhengdao shook his head. "Selling 'The Legend of Overlord' is quite profitable. It's enough to maintain her medical expenses. Today, I asked the doctor in private. The doctor said that if she doesn't undergo a kidney transplant, she won't last more than half a year."

Li Mu asked him, "Does Yanan know?"

"I know."

Hu Zhengdao smiled bitterly. "When I went to ask, the doctor was puzzled. He said that your girlfriend had just asked about it. Why are you asking about it again?"

Li Mu asked, "How's Yanan's mood?"

"She's putting up a strong front in front of her mother and shedding tears when she's not there."

Li Mu asked again, "What did you say about the prostitution incident?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "There's a queue. There are so many people waiting in line that I don't know how long it'll take. The entire hospital's nephrology department's beds are almost full, and all of them are suffering from the same disease. Most of them are waiting for a kidney transplant, but more than half of the beds in the kidney transplant department are empty. Only those who have just had a kidney transplant or donated a kidney will stay in that department. The chances are too low. Even Yanan didn't get a match, so the chances of her being a stranger are even lower."

Li Mu nodded and said, "You have to adjust your mood. Right now, both of them are relying on you. If you keep acting like this all day, it'll be even harder for them to persevere."

Hu Zhengdao took a drag of his cigarette. "I'm pretty good at pretending in front of them, but my heart aches for Yanan. Her father is like that, and she almost doesn't have any hope. Now that her mother's condition is so serious, if auntie really passes away one day, I'm afraid she won't be able to take it."

Li Mu tried to persuade him, "Don't we still have time? As long as we find the kidney and do the transplant, it should last at least ten years, right?"

Hu Zhengdao smiled bitterly and said, "That's true, but the chances are very low."

Li Mu said, "No matter how low the chances are, there's still a chance. Just wait patiently. Who knows, a miracle might happen."

Hu Zhengdao nodded slightly and flicked the cigarette in his hand away. He took out another one and lit it up. He said, "Actually, going out to do cheats isn't the main reason for smoking. It's mainly because I'm too depressed. Smoking can more or less help me relieve some of it."

Li Mu patted his shoulder and said, "Don't think too much about it for now. Hurry up and review your homework these few days and prepare for the exam. When winter break comes, take some time to do more business and increase your income by another level. No matter what happens to Yanan's mother in the future, you'll be able to handle it."

Hu Zhengdao understood what Li Mu meant. Right now, doing cheats was indeed a high income. If he could do more business in the vacant market, his income would be even higher. In this case, if Wang Yanan's mother could survive until the kidney was removed, he would be able to afford the surgery fees. If he couldn't find the kidney and she passed away due to illness, he would be able to take care of Wang Yanan and give her a stable life.

In fact, Li Mu admired Hu Zhengdao. His family wasn't well off, but when his girlfriend's family got into such a big problem, he was able to grit his teeth and bear it. This was really manly. Li Mu saw in him the kind of courage to do everything for the people he loved.

After the two chatted for a while, Hu Zhengdao's mood also eased a lot. He took out his phone and said to Li Mu, "I'll call to ask about the situation first. I originally wanted to stay and take care of her, but Ziqiu and Chen Jiao went there. They said that it was not convenient for a man to stay there, so they urged me to come back."

Li Mu nodded. Hu Zhengdao called Wang Yanan, and Li Mu could only hear Hu Zhengdao's words.

"Baby, how is Auntie's condition?"

"She's asleep. Can you handle it tonight?"

"Ziqiu stayed with you?

That's good. You two take turns to sleep. Don't be stubborn. "

"Well, I'm at the dorm. Don't worry, I'll find time to read. I'll bring the textbooks tomorrow night."

After hanging up the phone, Hu Zhengdao said to Li Mu, "Fortunately, Ziqiu will accompany her tonight."

Li Mu nodded. He wanted to ask him about Zhao Ziqiu's situation, but he hesitated and didn't say it.

Hu Zhengdao looked at the time and said, "Third Brother, let's go back?

It's windy, and it's quite cold. "

"Okay, let's go back."

Hu Zhengdao threw the second cigarette fart and went back to the dormitory building with Li Mu. When they were about to reach the door of the dormitory, Li Mu suddenly stopped and asked him, "How is Zhao Ziqiu recently?"

Hu Zhengdao looked at Li Mu in surprise and said with a smile, "I thought you didn't care."

"Nonsense."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Ziqiu looks good, but she's lost a lot of weight. Her chest has also shrunk by a cup."

Li Mu frowned when he heard this. Hu Zhengdao hurriedly said, "Don't misunderstand, Yanan told me this."

Li Mu nodded gently and didn't say anything else.

…

At this time, Wang Yanan's mother had already fallen asleep in front of the hospital bed. Wang Yanan and Zhao Ziqiu were sitting by the bed. Wang Yanan looked at her mother who was sleeping on the bed with red eyes. Her entire body, especially her face, was obviously swollen. Her complexion was quite ugly, and the side of her neck was connected to the catheter used for long-term dialysis. It was a bit shocking.

Most of the time, Wang Yanan would stare at her mother who was sleeping soundly like this. She would think of her mother when she was healthy, of the happy life of the family of three, and of her father who had been missing for a long time. She didn't know if he had a trace of guilt in his heart when he was hiding from debts, or if he had thought about how her mother and her were doing now.

At the thought of her good family becoming like this, Wang Yanan prayed in her heart that everything would be like a nightmare and disappear after she woke up. However, such a wish had been made countless times, but it would never come true.

Zhao Ziqiu glanced at Wang Yanan, who was silently crying again. She couldn't help but reach out to hold her hand and comfort her in a low voice, "Don't cry, things will definitely turn for the better. If Auntie sees you always being so pessimistic, I'm afraid she will feel even worse."

Wang Yanan nodded gently, reached out to wipe away her tears, and said softly, "I'm used to crying for no reason."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Why don't you lie down and sleep for a while? I'll look after Auntie."

Wang Yanan said, "I'm not sleepy. You can sleep first."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "But I'm not sleepy either."

As soon as she finished speaking, the phone in her pocket vibrated twice. Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly took it out and glanced at it. Then, she put the phone back expressionlessly.

Wang Yanan asked her, "Xu Jiahui again?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded but didn't speak.

Wang Yanan smiled and said, "He's really persistent. How many messages does he send you a day?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I haven't counted, and I'm too lazy to count."

Wang Yanan said, "He cares so much about you. You should reply to him occasionally. Even if it's out of politeness, you can't be so cold."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "If he doesn't care so much about me and really treats me like a friend, I'll definitely reply to him occasionally. The problem is that he …"

Wang Yanan understood the meaning behind Zhao Ziqiu's words. She shook her head and said, "He's also sincere to you, and his conditions are so good. Don't always be so stubborn."

Zhao Ziqiu asked her, "If he's chasing you, what will you do?

Will you care about him? "

Wang Yanan didn't even think about it and said, "I definitely won't care about him. I already have Hu Zhengdao. I'm satisfied."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I also have someone else in my heart. I can't hold him."

Wang Yanan knew that she was talking about Li Mu, but she still asked her, "Even if you have someone else in your heart and can't hold another person, can't you hold a text message?"

Zhao Ziqiu said seriously, "I can't hold it. I can't even hold a word, let alone a text message."

Wang Yanan was stunned. She didn't expect that after so long, Zhao Ziqiu still couldn't bear to part with Li Mu. She couldn't help but sigh and said, "But you know Li Mu's situation now. Why don't you be more open-minded? Xu Jiahui is a good person. You can try to get along with him. Who knows, you might like him."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I'm quite open-minded. That's why I won't consider getting along with Xu Jiahui. Before I met Li Mu, I didn't plan to fall in love in university. Now, I'm even less prepared."