Chapter 1547

After Wendy Colbert posted the second photo of her and Li Mu on Twitter, it immediately caused a small wave.

Within two hours, the Twitter post had been reposted thousands of times. Half of the people who reposted it were because of the intimate relationship between Wendy Colbert and Li Mu in the photo, and the other half were because Wendy Colbert looked so beautiful in the photo. Her unique photo style was eye-catching.

However, since Wendy did not have enough fans on Twitter, the Twitter post did not go viral very quickly.

Just two hours after Wendy posted the Twitter post, Li Mu fulfilled his promise and reposted her Twitter post.

When he reposted it, Li Mu's tweet was: "Thank you, Miss Wendy, for your hospitality."

Li Mu had close to 20 million fans at the moment. As a well-known figure among netizens, he had always been the number one fan on Twitter.

With such a large fan base, the Internet immediately exploded after Li Mu reposted the Twitter post.

A large number of media and netizens were talking about the relationship between Li Mu and Wendy, but more people were paying attention to the visual impact that Wendy had shown through this photo.

Before Wendy Colbert, most netizens had never seen such a unique photo pose. First of all, it was not taken from the front or the side, but from a special position of two 45-degree angles.

The so-called two 45-degree angles meant that the camera and the photographer were 45 degrees up and down, and 45 degrees to the left and right. It was like a three-dimensional cube, and the photographer and the camera happened to be on opposite sides of the cube. This special angle gave the photo a unique perspective.

Apart from that, Wendy Gotham's pose in the photo had indeed made the netizens' eyes light up. She was already very beautiful, and her temperament was excellent. Suddenly going the route of acting cute was like a high-level creature that had adopted a dimensionality reduction attack. Therefore, her aesthetic lethality was beyond imagination.

In a short period of time, Li Mu's post had received hundreds of thousands of reposts. Taking this opportunity, Wendy Gao Bai gained millions of fans in a short period of time.

Not only that, but there was also a craze on Twitter for people to imitate Wendy Gopher. Countless female netizens tried to use the same poses, expressions, and gestures to take photos, and then post the photos on Twitter. The entire Twitter was filled with so-called "non-mainstream" trends in the future, but in this era, everyone felt that such "trends" were the real trends.

…

While Li Mu was enjoying his vacation at Goldberg Manor, Twitter's influence continued to grow on a global scale.

As the popularity of Twitter continued to increase, more and more celebrities began to join the Twitter camp. In just a few days, almost all the entertainment stars in the West, such as Europe and the United States, and the East, such as Hua Xia, Japan, and South Korea had joined Twitter. In addition to stars, a large number of companies and organizations began to enter Twitter, treating Twitter as a very important Internet platform.

The concept of "T Media" created by Twitter also gained great recognition in the global media industry. On Twitter, if any individual or organization wanted to speak to the world, they did not need television or traditional media resources. As long as they turned on their computer, connected to the Internet, and registered an account on Twitter, they would have the opportunity to speak to the world.

As a result, major traditional media outlets also flocked to Twitter, hoping to build their own online media in the current most popular Internet platform, so that their information and information could be delivered to the online world.

In the past, traditional media outlets did not have the ability to deliver information to online users. To them, the Internet was like outer space. They had planes, ships, and cars, but they did not have a carrier that could reach outer space. Therefore, they were forever isolated from outer space. It was unrealistic to spend money to build an aerospace system that could conquer outer space. Now, Li Mu happened to launch Twitter. Twitter happened to be a space elevator that could transport a large number of materials to outer space. What was more perfect was that Twitter was free to all passengers.

Traditional media outlets were more aware of the huge business opportunities behind this free service than ordinary users, so they were extremely enthusiastic. In three days, almost all of the world's well-known media outlets had entered Twitter and began to quickly create a large number of tweets. Hundreds and thousands of traditional media outlets had posted the news they obtained through various channels to Twitter. After being aggregated by various parties, they brought a large amount of current news content to Twitter.

In addition, Twitter also had a very big breakthrough in the field of politics. This breakthrough came from the famous Hollywood movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Schwarzenegger was actively running for the position of Governor of California. He had been sparing no effort to promote his governing philosophy to the people of California and even to the people of the United States through various channels to increase the success rate of his campaign.

Since Schwarzenegger was a Hollywood star, he had a very good relationship with the media. From the beginning of the campaign to the present, he had been trying his best to gain media exposure for himself. Even the publicity consultant of his campaign team was a veteran from the traditional media. After this veteran had a deep understanding of Twitter, he immediately realized that Twitter was a very good platform to express his views and was very suitable for Schwarzenegger to do campaign publicity.

Under the strong suggestion of this publicity consultant, Schwarzenegger specially registered his own Twitter and posted his first tweet:

"Hello, everyone, I am Arnold Schwarzenegger. I am very happy to be able to join Twitter, and I am also very honored to be here to share my views with the world.

Not long ago, I announced that I would run for Governor of California. Many fans were surprised. Here, I want to show my attitude to the world again: I am willing to give everything for California, for the United States, and I hope to get your support. "

Within a few hours after this tweet was posted, it received more than 5,000 retweets, more than 8,000 comments, and more than 6,000 likes. Most of the comments were from American netizens, and their positions were relatively consistent. They all praised and affirmed Schwarzenegger's decision to run for governor.

Schwarzenegger did not expect such a strong reaction from the netizens. He was overjoyed at the moment, so he posted several more tweets to explain his personal views on various issues in the United States.

"Participating in a campaign is a long and difficult process, because you have to put everything on the scale.

You have to give up your film career, give up doing business, and give up making money.

Fortunately, I already have a lot of money. Money is meaningless to me. The only thing I want to do is to make more contributions to the American people. "

"My campaign slogan is: I support children, I support work, I support hope, and I oppose bad things."

"Although I've filmed a lot of tough-guy movies, and I'm always running around with a gun on the screen, fighting and killing, that's just in the movies. In real life, I'm an American citizen who supports gun control and loves peace."

Schwarzenegger's enthusiasm for posting on Twitter gradually increased, and he even sent nearly ten tweets in a row to explain his views. However, to his slight disappointment, the many tweets he posted later could not reach the data of the first tweet. So many tweets later, the most comments were only about three thousand, and there were even fewer retweets. The most was barely more than a thousand, and the number of his fans did not increase again, staying at the level of 800,000.

If Schwarzenegger had joined Twitter two days earlier, Twitter's traffic allocation algorithm would have given him a certain amount of resources. After all, celebrities had enough of a celebrity effect, and Twitter also hoped to push more celebrities to ordinary users to increase the user loyalty and value of their platform.

However, there were too many celebrities who joined Twitter in the past two days. Almost all of Hollywood had turned out in full force, and the top stars in the entertainment circles of other countries had also joined. Twitter's recommendation resources were limited, after all. The more celebrities joined, the less recommendation resources each person could get through the algorithm. Therefore, when Schwarzenegger joined, the recommendation resources that the algorithm could give him were very few.

Most of the Hollywood A-list celebrities who joined Twitter a day or two earlier than him now had millions of followers or even two or three million followers, especially Schwarzenegger's good friend Stallone, who had gained a lot of exposure through Twitter's "recommended followers". In a few hours, his followers had increased by hundreds of thousands, and his total number of followers had reached 1.5 million, almost double Schwarzenegger's.

This time, Schwarzenegger could not sit still.

He saw the huge potential of Twitter in terms of information delivery, but the awkward thing was that the number of his Twitter followers had stopped growing, and he could not borrow from Twitter on a larger scale.

Just when Schwarzenegger was feeling particularly annoyed, his campaign consultant gave him an idea. He said, "Arnold, as far as I know, there are no more than two ways to allocate exposure resources on every Internet platform. The first is manual allocation, and the second is to design a logical algorithm to automatically allocate exposure resources. Some platforms choose one of these two, and some platforms integrate both into one. But in the end, exposure resources are still in the hands of key people. They can directly allocate exposure manually, or they can adjust the weight of the algorithm to increase exposure for a person. Twitter is definitely the same. If you can find the senior management of Makino Technology and get through to them, I believe they will definitely give us more exposure resources."

Schwarzenegger shook his head and said, "I don't know any senior management of Makino Technology. This method probably won't work."

The campaign consultant said, "As far as I know, Li Mu and Spielberg are quite close. How is your relationship with Spielberg?"

"Very normal."

Schwarzenegger shrugged and said, "He and I are not the same kind of people, so we don't have much interaction."

The campaign consultant asked again, "Then how is your relationship with Leonardo?"

Schwarzenegger shook his head and said, "I haven't had much contact with him. You know, I'm an action movie actor. In most cases, actors like me and Spielberg and Leonardo would never meet."

The campaign consultant thought for a long time and said, "You have a good relationship with Director James Cameron, right?"

"Of course." Schwarzenegger nodded and said, "We have been good friends since Terminator."