Chapter 417

It was not a difficult thing for Li Mu and Song Liang to impress Chen Ze and make Chen Ze decide to test the real estate market.

Song Liang himself was an experienced real estate developer, and he had a skill. No matter who he talked to, he could match the most comfortable frequency of the other party, and then use his excellent eloquence and excellent insight to make the other party feel as if they had met a confidant.

What's more, Li Mu was supporting Song Liang. Not to mention anything else, Song Liang was also a shareholder of Makino Technology, and he entered the market in Series A. It could be seen that the relationship between Li Mu and Song Liang was still very close.

After Song Liang told Chen Ze about the four elements of real estate: connections, funds, vision, and experience, Chen Ze immediately realized that he, Li Mu, and Song Liang could perfectly complement each other in these four elements. In addition, real estate was now hot, and the market was excellent. As long as he did it, he would definitely succeed.

Since he invested in Makino Technology, since he wanted to build a race track, since Li Mu planned the blueprint of the CSC Club for him, Chen Ze had changed from a rich second-generation official who was not interested in making money to a young man with a strong desire to make money.

Originally, Chen Ze had no concept of making money in his mind. He had just graduated. In his own words, he hadn't had enough fun. But after meeting Li Mu, his mentality began to change dramatically.

At first, his father didn't even want him to build a race track, but after learning that he had 5% of the shares of Makino Technology, he basically no longer stopped him. Because he knew that his son now had a career. If he and his mother joined forces to stop him from doing this, then with his character, he would probably cash out the shares of Makino Technology.

Everyone could see the future development of Makino Technology. At this time, Chen Ze's parents didn't want to see him kill the goose that laid the golden eggs for his dream. Therefore, his family gave a solution. His mother could provide the funds, but his father couldn't provide government support. Another requirement was that he couldn't cash out the shares of Makino Technology. His father had also privately instructed him to find a way to pull Li Mu in for the race track.

After Li Mu gave the plan for the CSC Club, Chen Ze also talked about it in detail with his parents. What he didn't expect was that his parents were very appreciative of this plan. The cohesion of high-end clubs in terms of connections and resources was beyond imagination. People like his parents knew this very well. However, if one thought about it carefully, one would find that the current high-end clubs were basically aimed at high-end successful people in the power and business circles. No club paid attention to the children of these high-end successful people, but their children also had extraordinary power. If the younger generation could gather these people and resources, there would be too many things that could be done.

Because of Li Mu's own success and the plan for the CSC Club, Chen Ze's parents looked at Li Mu in a different light. Moreover, they didn't hesitate to praise him in front of Chen Ze. This also stimulated Chen Ze to a certain extent, making him realize that if he wanted his parents to look at him in a different light, then he must achieve something in his career. Right now, working with Li Mu was the best opportunity.

When talking about the real estate company, Song Liang verbally gave a set of plans. His current Wanying Real Estate was a second-grade real estate development qualification. Since the total area of development last year was up to standard, this year they had already started applying for the first-grade qualification, and it would not take long before it was approved. The three of them could first register a branch of Wanying Real Estate in Yanjing to handle the accounts of real estate projects in Yanjing, and use the shell of Wanying Corporation to participate in the bidding and development.

And the specific implementation process was: Start registering the company in the near future, and at the same time, Song Liang would initiate a detailed investigation into the housing prices and real estate situation in Yanjing. Chen Ze and Li Mu would be responsible for collecting information related to land. If there was a suitable real estate project, the three of them would come up with the specific implementation plan together. Once they entered the development stage, Song Liang would be the one calling the shots.

As for the issue of shares, the three of them also had a relatively unified opinion: Song Liang would hold 45% of the shares, Li Mu would hold 35%, and Chen Ze would hold 20%. However, Chen Ze would mainly invest in government relations and related information, supplemented by cash, so he only needed to pay 8% of the capital. Li Mu and Song Liang would bear the remaining 92% according to their respective shareholding ratio, which meant that Li Mu would be responsible for it, and Song Liang would be responsible for it. Li Mu and Song Liang had also reached an agreement. If Song Liang was short of funds and was unable to invest in the project, then Li Mu would pay for him the shortfall, and Song Liang would personally pay Li Mu the interest at the normal bank interest rate. It was equivalent to Li Mu lending money to Song Liang, and then Song Liang investing in the project.

Li Mu originally didn't want to be so troublesome. They had an agreement that if Song Liang did not have enough cash, he could make up for it on his behalf. However, Song Liang insisted on listing the interest clearly. In his opinion, this was a common business, and for everyone's consideration, many details should not be too emotional.

The three of them chatted very smoothly at the dining table in the hotel suite. When dinner was almost finished, Chen Ze asked Song Liang, "Brother Liang, how long are you going to stay in Yan Jing this time?

If there is enough time, you can have a good time for a few days. "

Song Liang smiled slightly and said, "I'll go back tomorrow morning."

Chen Ze asked him in surprise, "Are you in such a hurry?"

Song Liang nodded and said, "Yes, there is a new opening in Haizhou, so there are more things to do. But since we have settled this matter, I will come here often in the future. Anyway, it is only a two-hour flight."

Chen Ze sighed and said, "Li Mu and I are not familiar with the specific operation of real estate. In the future, we will have to trouble you to deal with a lot of things here, Brother Liang. Thank you for your hard work in the early stage."

Song Liang smiled and said, "It is my duty. The three of us have our own strengths, so we must do what we are good at. It is only right for me to run a few more trips."

As he spoke, Song Liang looked at Li Mu and joked, "I am worried that Little Mu will not have the time and energy to take care of things here. Little Mu, tell me, how many companies do you have now?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "If you want to expand the scale of your business, you must have a shell. Look at the real Fortune 500 companies in the world. Any one of them has at least a hundred wholly-owned, controlling, and holding companies all over the world. How many companies do I have now?

Besides, there is overlap in the business level, so it is not troublesome to operate them. "

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Li Mu and I still have something to do. It is about the track and the sports car club. When I register the company, he will have another company in which he holds shares."

Song Liang looked at Li Mu and said helplessly, "You are definitely the most troublesome person I have ever seen. Look at you, you have not been in Beijing for long, but you have already caused so much trouble."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Life is about trouble. If you don't do it while you are still young, you will not have the energy to do it when you are older."

Song Liang nodded and said with a smile, "I think everything you say makes sense. Who the f * ck made me admire you in my heart?"

Chen Ze also laughed and said, "Brother Liang, I feel the same way about this."

For this, the two even shook hands in an exaggerated manner.

Li Mu saw that it was still early, so he stood up and said, "Let's not stay in the hotel. Let's go to SugarClub and have a drink and relax."

The two agreed happily, and Chen Ze did not forget to reveal to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, this SugarClub, Li Mu also has shares."

Song Liang was stunned for a moment, then he smiled and shook his head, sighing, "I am ashamed of myself!"

…

Sanlitun was quite far from the school, so Li Mu drove his GL8. Li Mu wanted to let Song Liang and Chen Ze get to know each other better, so he let Song Liang sit in his car and followed behind in the GL8.

When they arrived at SugarClub again, Li Mu parked the car under the guidance of the security guard. The moment he got out of the car, he had a clear feeling that SugarClub was full of good cars.

It could also be that he was stimulated by the BMW Z4 on the road today, which made him more sensitive to good cars. He glanced at the two rows of cars at the entrance. They were basically BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Lexus. There were even sports car brands like Porsche, Maserati, Ferrari, and Lamborghini. There were also super luxury cars like Rolls-Royce and Bentley.

In the past, Li Mu had his suspicions. There were some high-end sports car brands that were not officially sold in Hua Xia, but they could occasionally be seen in Beijing. Later on, it was Hui Ka Ming who revealed to Li Mu that as long as there was a way, any car in China could be bought, and they could all be licensed. There were people in the industry who specialized in this business. As long as one could afford it, they could directly buy a specific car model from abroad and enter the country through the legal or illegal channels. The illegal channels were basically smuggled cars, while the legal channels were basically the same as the parallel imports in the future.

There were many rich people in Beijing, and the high-end car market was also very large. Many people, for the sake of face and novelty, would specially look for related traders to buy cars from overseas. The market was very prosperous.

At this moment, Chen Ze had also parked his car and came to Li Mu with Song Liang. Seeing that Li Mu was looking at the car, he couldn't help but ask, "You want to change cars?"

Li Mu nodded.

Chen Ze patted Li Mu's shoulder and said, "I just heard from Brother Liang about what you encountered on the way back from the airport. Your GL8 is really too low-key. Change to a better one. I'll get someone to get a good license plate for you. In the future, no one in Beijing will dare to go against your car."

Li Mu said, "I definitely have to buy a car, but I haven't thought about what to buy yet."

As the three of them talked, they walked into the SugarClub at the same time. Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "What type of car do you like?

A sedan or an off-road vehicle? "

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "An off-road vehicle."

Chen Ze said without hesitation, "Buy a third-generation Land Rover Range Rover. It's a new one, very domineering."

Li Mu shook his head subconsciously. "I don't really like Range Rover."

Thinking of the user attributes of this car in the future, Li Mu wasn't too interested in this model.