Chapter 781

Su Yingxue didn't know that Li Mu had feelings for her from two lifetimes, but she was still touched by Li Mu's passionate confession.

Hearing Li Mu say that every cell in his body was thinking about her, Su Yingxue didn't hesitate and said to Li Mu seriously, "I miss you too, I really miss …"

Su Yingxue lowered her voice and said seriously, "It would be great if I could be by your side now."

Li Mu asked her, "If you were by my side now, would you be willing …"

Before Li Mu could ask if she was willing, Su Yingxue answered, "I would!"

Her voice wasn't loud, but he could hear her determination.

Li Mu said with a smile, "I haven't even said what I'm willing to do, and you've already agreed so quickly."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment on the other end of the phone, and then said with a slightly trembling voice, "No matter what you want, I'll agree to it. From today onwards, I won't refuse you for anything."

…

Li Mu had forgotten how long he talked with Su Yingxue on the phone. He only vaguely remembered that he seemed to be getting more and more sleepy, and then he fell asleep. When he woke up, it was already late in the morning. The sunlight outside the window was strong, making the whole room hot.

His phone fell on the ground. He picked it up and found that it was already 10: 45 in the morning. It was almost 11 o 'clock.

There were two missed calls, both from Liu Xiaodong, and two text messages. One was sent by Liu Xiaodong at 10 o 'clock in the morning. "Still not awake?

When you wake up, don't forget to come to the company. Let's settle the purchase first. "

The other was sent by Su Yingxue in the early morning. "Are you asleep?

I can hear you snoring like a little calf, but I'm not sleepy at all. I miss you so much that I can't sleep. I'll wait for you to come back. Good night. "

Li Mu hurriedly replied to Su Yingxue, "I just woke up. I was too tired yesterday. I don't even know when I fell asleep."

After replying to the message, Li Mu hurriedly got dressed, washed, and prepared to go out. Papa Lee and Li Ma left breakfast for him and went out. Recently, they often traveled around Yan Jing, leaving early and coming back late every day. They lived a good life.

Sitting in Wang Yuanlang's Benz car, Wang Yuanlang drove to Taobao. Li Mu sat in the back seat and checked Su Yingxue's reply.

"You have to arrange your work and rest time reasonably. Don't overwork your body. Get up and eat something first. Don't rush out again."

Li Mu replied, "Don't worry, I'll arrange it reasonably. After these two days, I won't be so busy in the future."

Su Yingxue asked, "Then what are you doing now?"

Li Mu: "On the way to Taobao."

"It's better to go back to work. It's only been less than 20 minutes since you sent me a message saying that you just woke up."

Li Mu: "Today's work is mainly to talk about things, so it's more relaxed. Unlike yesterday, when I had to receive the leaders for inspection and have meetings with them.

What are you doing? "

Su Yingxue: "I'm on the way to Grandma's house. I'll have lunch at Grandma's house today. You should go back to work first. Call me when you get home at night."

Li Mu: "Okay, I'll call you tonight."

After replying, Li Mu threw his phone aside and closed his eyes to rest.

Ten minutes later, Li Mu's phone rang. He took a look and saw that it was Chen Ze calling. So, Li Mu answered the call and said, "Hello, Old Chen."

Chen Ze said on the other end of the phone, "What new things did you say to Department Head Zhen yesterday?

Last night, our old man was dragged to a meeting and hasn't come back yet. "

Li Mu asked in surprise, "He didn't come back for the whole night?

Did the meeting last all night? "

Chen Ze: "That's not it. He said that he had a meeting with the boss and a few other department heads until late last night. Because he still had to continue the meeting this morning, the old men decided to stay in the office."

Then, Chen Ze couldn't help but ask, "The things they were discussing must have something to do with you. Tell me, what were they talking about?

They were so active. "

Li Mu first thought of the requests that he had made to Department Head Zhen, but after thinking about it carefully, his requests didn't seem to be necessary for the leaders to discuss overnight. However, he quickly thought of the matter of home appliances going to the countryside. His request was different from his own. The foothold of his request was in the Internet industry, but the foothold of the home appliances going to the countryside was to stimulate domestic demand and solve the current problems faced by the economy.

Therefore, in Li Mu's view, the thing that could really attract the attention of the leaders and make them hold a meeting overnight to discuss it should be a national economic promotion policy like the home appliances going to the countryside. Thinking about it this way, it could explain why Chen Ze's father was also dragged to the meeting. After all, once such a major economic policy was decided to be implemented, it would definitely not be the responsibility of the Economic and Trade Commission alone. It was even likely that it would be handed over to the National Development and Reform Commission for implementation. Therefore, it was reasonable for Chen Ze's father to be dragged into an emergency meeting.

However, Li Mu didn't expect that the concept of home appliances going to the countryside could make the leaders pay so much attention to it. They even held a meeting overnight to discuss it. It seemed that the leaders' attitude toward this initiative should be very positive. Judging from their enthusiasm for doing things, this matter would probably not take long to be implemented.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "Yesterday, I did give Department Head Zhen some personal suggestions on how to solve the current economic situation. In general, it's about the idea of the government working with home appliance manufacturers to provide subsidies to farmers across the country and encourage them to buy home appliances."

Although Li Mu said it very lightly, Chen Ze could still hear the situation and structure behind this so-called "idea".

Not to mention anything else, just the words "farmers of the entire country" carried a lot of weight. An "idea" that targeted 900 million people could be brought up by the leadership overnight to discuss. It seemed that this "idea" should be very reliable.

Chen Ze sighed helplessly and said, "I have to hand it to you. There's no one in the whole of China who can stir up trouble more than you can. When you're almost done with the things in front of you, come to Wanying and we'll have a meeting. Regarding the commercial land in Sanlitun, how we're going to develop our own land, and how we're going to work together, let's get to work after we've decided on a specific plan."

Li Mu agreed and said, "I won't participate in the specific plan. You guys first come up with a few solutions for these two matters. When the time comes, we will have a meeting and each of you will choose a plan. If I have any personal ideas, then I will make some minor adjustments on the basis of the plan that you have decided on."

Chen Ze agreed and said, "Then let's settle this next week. When the specific plan is out, I will let you know."

"Okay."

Right now, Li Mu had no time to take care of the real estate business. Chen Ze and the others understood this very well. Otherwise, Li Mu wouldn't have asked Wei Lan to be tied to Wanying for the next three years. From his and Song Liang's point of view, Wei Lan was the replacement that Li Mu found for himself to take control of the development direction of Wanying for him.

In fact, for Wei Lan, Li Mu's considerations were: Chen Ze didn't understand real estate; Song Liang knew but didn't have enough vision and probably wouldn't be able to play in a place like Yanjing; although Li Mu had the vision, his practical experience was basically zero. At most, he could be a strategist.

The combination of the three was like a leader, a diplomat, and a guerrilla leader with more combat experience.

Among them, Li Mu as the leader would provide strategic ideas, Chen Ze as the diplomat would be responsible for fighting for resources, and Song Liang as the guerrilla leader who had fought in small and medium-sized cities for a long time would be responsible for leading the troops into battle.

However, Li Mu knew very well that although Song Liang had a lot of strengths, such as being awesome in dealing with people, strong execution ability, and reliable, the most important thing was that Song Liang understood tactics, not strategy.

Tactics involved methods, while strategy involved the direction of the entire situation. It could even be said to be the root.

If summed up in three words, tactics would be: how to fight, while strategy would be: to fight or not to fight.

Tactics had to have a correct and brilliant strategy in order to be meaningful. Just like the construction of the Great Wall, deciding to use the construction of the Great Wall to defend against the invasion of foreign enemies was a strategy. How to build the Great Wall in the middle of the winding and steep mountains was a strategy.

What's more, Song Liang was good at small and medium scale tactics, not large scale tactics. If a few hot real estate projects in Yanjing and a huge commercial center plan in Sanlitun were handed over to him, there was no doubt that he would be the first to go crazy.

In this case, Wan Ying especially needed a general who had sufficient combat experience, and whose understanding of combat far exceeded tactics and reached the strategic level. Although Wei Lan's experience in large projects was not at the top in the industry, her understanding of the strategic level was absolutely first-class. As long as she fully invested in it, Li Mu could truly be at ease with Wan Ying's future.

After hanging up the phone with Chen Ze, Li Mu called Wei Lan. The first sentence that Wei Lan said when she picked up the phone was a bit sour, and she teased Li Mu, "Li Zong, you're such a busy person, why do you have time to call me?"

Ever since Wei Lan took the initiative to accompany Li Mu to participate in the interview, she hadn't seen him again. She didn't even call him, which was why her words were a bit sour.

Li Mu thought that she was teasing him, so he smiled and said, "I wanted to ask you, do you have a rough plan for Wan Ying's land and the commercial real estate project in Sanlitun?"

Wei Lan grunted and said, "I've been doing research these past few days, especially the commercial real estate project in Sanlitun. I've been wandering around Sanlitun for the past two days, and I have some general ideas."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Is it convenient for you to give me a rough introduction?"

Wei Lan snorted and said, "I'm going to use a week to sort it out and form a plan on paper. If you're not in a hurry, then wait for my plan on paper."

After saying that, Wei Lan dragged her voice and said, "But, if you treat me to a meal, I can consider telling you in advance."

"Okay." Li Mu said without hesitation, "I have an appointment tonight, how about tomorrow night?"