Chapter 643

On the first day of its launch, YY attracted the attention of a large number of netizens and established its reputation almost overnight.

Once a product underwent a major change compared to other products of the same type, this product would certainly cause an explosive effect. For example, the voice call on WeChat, nearby people, and a shake, the capacitive screen of the iPhone, the keyboardless, and the microcomputer gyroscope installed on the iPhone 4.

Although Makino Technology had not completely changed the history of hardware development like Apple, its improvements and innovations in various aspects were enough to capture domestic users. Each of YY's products had eye-catching new functions. These unique innovations were the key to Makino Technology's repeated victories over its competitors.

Li Mu and Du Wei accompanied Zhang Guorong and the other two for dinner. The two also accompanied them to Chang'an Street to enjoy the night view. They did not send Zhang Guorong and the other two back to the hotel until after nine o'clock in the evening. Even at night, YY's special report did not stop. This was because more than a million people across the country were glued to the special page in front of their computers. With so many netizens, the number of comments created every minute exceeded 300,000.

At ten o 'clock in the evening, YY website's editors began to enter review mode. They reorganized the entire process that had happened during the day, paired it with carefully selected and beautiful post-production photos, and carefully edited video clips to continue to satisfy the curiosity of the onlookers.

By 11 o'clock in the evening, YY had accumulated more than 10 million users in the 12 hours since it was launched.

The daily average number of YY users had long exceeded 10 million, so it was not unusual for YY to have more than 10 million daily visitors. YY had made a total of three pop-up windows for YY today. Two of them were related to the news of Zhang Guorong and the others' arrival in Beijing, and the last one was about political news. Each push was targeted at all online users, so it was reasonable that the traffic was huge. Moreover, this was only the data for the 12 hours. Although the traffic was at a low point in the last 12 hours, there would at least be a certain amount of traffic growth.

In addition to the accumulated users exceeding 10 million, there was another very important data: the cumulative PV, which was the cumulative page views, had reached 150 million.

On average, the average PV was nearly 15 times. In other words, on average, each visitor had visited 15 pages in YY. This data was very, very important. The higher it was, the better the website's content and the more popular it was among users.

If a portal only had a good interface and UI, it would not mean much. This was because when users entered and found that there was no content they liked, they would jump out without hesitation. Only when the website's content interested users would they click on it to browse further. The better the content, the more pages users would browse. Therefore, the per capita PV directly reflected the quality of the content.

Even those of well-known portals basically had an average PV of about 8 to 10 times per person. YY's of 15 times was indeed very high, so high that it shocked Li Mu and the entire industry.

At present, other than YY, perhaps only Sina could realize that the portal's content was paramount. For the managers of other portals, they were still stuck in the era where traffic was king. They did not know how to serve their users, so they did not know how to create quality content that would attract users. Under such circumstances, once someone started to focus on creating good content, they would immediately stand out from the rest.

Although Li Mu came from a technical background, he also attached great importance to content. Good content could greatly attract users. For example, in the era of online novels, a good novel could be read by tens of millions of people through various channels. The more people read the novel, the higher the value of the content. With a large fan base, it was easier to make a fan economy. For example, an online game that was adapted from a novel did not need much promotion. Tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of fans of the original novel would join the game when it was launched, directly creating profits for the game. This was also why the game copyright of a good novel could often be sold for millions or even tens of millions.

YY was expected to usher in a new peak of traffic tomorrow morning. According to the plan, the three celebrities would visit Makino Technology tomorrow morning. They would also be interviewed at Makino Technology. Their fans and passers-by who were interested in them would definitely pay attention to them. Celebrities visiting the company directly would also bring more publicity to Makino Technology.

…

At ten o'clock the next morning, Zhang Guorong and the other two arrived at Makino Technology accompanied by Lin Ching-ah. Li Mu first invited them to sit in his office for a while before he said to the three of them, "I appeared on camera as the founder of 3321 yesterday, so I won't be accompanying you to visit Makino Technology today."

With that, Li Mu introduced Lin Ching-ah and said, "This is Lin Ching-ah, the vice president of Makino Technology. You should be very familiar with her yesterday. Today, let her accompany you all the way. I will be in the office. After you visit, I will be an audience during the recording."

Li Mu felt that if he followed them, the cameraman would have to avoid him in the camera all the time. In an indoor environment, it was very difficult to do this. Instead of causing trouble for them, it was better not to join in the fun. It just so happened that he had to write the plan for "Super Girl" as soon as possible. After Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang set off for Yungui, he and Mo Wenwei would go to Xiangdu together to meet the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "We have Miss Lin to take care of us. You can rest assured. Just do your own thing."

Li Mu nodded. Zhang Guorong said, "By the way, I have an appointment with the crew of" Farewell My Concubine "for dinner tonight. Director Chen is the host. He also invited Ge You and Gong Li. Gong Li hopes that I can invite you to participate. I wonder if you are interested?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and nodded. "Okay, I don't have any plans tonight."

For Li Mu, there are not many actors he really likes. Uncle Ge is definitely one of them. It is also very meaningful for him to have the opportunity to meet him. What's more, in the future, Makino Image also needs a strong relationship in the entertainment industry. As the boss, it is also a good thing to go out and build connections.

Seeing that Li Mu had agreed, Zhang Guorong said, "Then I will ask Sister Fen to reply to them later. It is said that they all want to get to know you, but they have not found the right opportunity."

Li Mu guessed that these stars and directors in the entertainment industry wanted to get to know him because they saw the promotion ability of Makino Technology in the field of the Internet. Everyone saw that Mo Wenwei became popular in an instant. Subsequently, Makino Technology also used its "all-channel" promotion to help Sun Yanzi and Chow Jielun achieve greater success in the domestic market. The entertainment industry should also be aware of the huge benefits contained in this. If there is a chance for them to get what they need, Li Mu is also very willing to reach some kind of cooperation with the entertainment industry.

After a simple chat for a while, Lin Ching-ah took the three out to start their itinerary for the day. Li Mu stayed in his office, opened his laptop, created a new Word document, and entered a line of title: "Super Girl" National Music Talent Show Planning Plan.

Then, based on the basis of the "Super Girl" program in his previous life, Li Mu added the elements of Makino Technology's participation, and made certain changes and optimizations to the specific implementation of the entire talent show. The whole model has been through in Li Mu's mind many times, coupled with the blueprint from his previous life, so the speed of writing the plan was very fast. According to this, the whole plan should be completed in two days at most.

Before he knew it, it was almost noon. Li Mu had already written nearly 4,000 words in front of the computer, and he was still tirelessly tapping on the keyboard. His thoughts were clear, and his writing state was very smooth.

The phone next to the computer suddenly rang a few times. Instead of picking it up immediately, Li Mu decided to continue writing the content at this stage. He instinctively believed that the person who sent him the message should not be in a hurry. If he replied to the message now, it would only interrupt his thoughts. When writing code, the most frightening thing was that inspiration would suddenly stop. Sometimes, when he was writing code with a cigarette in his mouth, the ash would accidentally fall on the keyboard, and he would hurriedly lower his head to blow it away, blowing away the ash and also the inspiration.

Twenty minutes later, Li Mu finally completed one of the stages of the plan. He was a little relieved, stood up, and stretched. Only then did he remember that he had just missed a message. He picked up the phone and opened the mailbox, only to find that the message was from Su Yingxue.

"I accompanied Zhi Zhi to Lama Temple this morning to fulfill the vow, and I also helped you ask for a protective talisman. When will you be free?"

In the message, Su Yingxue said that Li Mu knew that Zhi Zhi was her roommate and also her best classmate. He did not expect that the two of them would actually go to Lama Temple together early in the morning.

Li Mu could not help but smile. Just when he was about to reply that he was free tomorrow, he suddenly realized that something was wrong. In the content that Su Yingxue sent, she only wrote "sometimes" and did not say "when". It was just that when he saw the content of the text, he automatically thought that Su Yingxue was asking him when he was free, and he did not immediately realize that something was wrong.

After thinking about it carefully, Li Mu felt that something was not quite right. Su Yingxue was usually very careful when she sent messages. She was very particular about her words and grammar. It was impossible for her to send a message without finishing a sentence. Moreover, she was also very standard in punctuation. She often ended her messages with a full stop, a question mark, or an exclamation mark. Therefore, this message was not in line with her habits and style.

Li Mu hurriedly gave up on replying and directly called her.

Unexpectedly, the voice that came from the phone was: "Sorry, the number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable …"

Li Mu could not help but call again, but the phone was still unavailable. Then, Li Mu called several times in a row, and the feedback was the same.

"Could she have entered the subway?"

Li Mu thought so, but he faintly felt that something was not quite right. Because the message that did not end was a little strange, and now her phone could not be reached. This was really too abnormal!

For some reason, Li Mu's heart suddenly jumped …