Chapter 531

It was Friday, the second day after Taobao went online.

Chen Tong, one of the key figures of Sina, left the company a few hours earlier and went to the company of his junior brother, Liu Yidong. He was going to give a small training to his employees and talk about his understanding of the Internet.

Last night, he had also witnessed Taobao's shocking debut. It could be said that it left a deep impression on him.

Chen Tong had been in the Internet industry for so many years, and his understanding of the Internet was indeed incomparable to that of ordinary people. He understood the importance of the Internet industry model. Sina suffered from the model. The portal network's profit model was too simple, and the income from wireless operations was somewhat inferior. He approved of a new platform like Taobao, which had a clear model and positioning.

However, he did not think of Taobao and Liu Yidong together. It was not that he looked down on or underestimated Liu Yidong, but that Liu Yidong had always been too low-key in front of him. According to his usual description, he seemed to be still in the stage of starting a business, and his team was not mature.

Moreover, from last night until now, Chen Tong had been very sympathetic to Liu Yidong. He had just sold all his businesses and was ready to start a business in the field of Internet e-commerce, but as a result, a powerful enemy like Taobao appeared.

He was very clear about the background of Taobao. With the support of YY and Easy Hearing, and the full support of Alipay, even a fool could see the close relationship between Taobao and Makino Technology. Therefore, he instinctively felt that Liu Yidong would probably have a hard time this time.

According to the address given by Liu Yidong, Chen Tong drove his Shenlong Fukang to the downstairs of the office of Taobao. Liu Yidong had been waiting for him in the parking lot.

When Chen Tong got out of the car, Liu Yidong hurried forward and said enthusiastically, "Oh, Senior Brother Chen, you are finally here."

Chen Tong looked at Liu Xiaodong with some surprise. He felt that Liu Xiaodong should not be like this in his expectation. He seemed to be too happy. It was not that he wanted to see Liu Xiaodong make a fool of himself, but the fact was in front of him. If he were in Liu Xiaodong's shoes, he would also be abnormally depressed. How could Liu Xiaodong be so happy?

After a few polite words with Liu Yidong, Chen Tong followed him to the elevator and asked him tentatively, "Yidong, how is the current situation of your company?"

"It's pretty good." Liu Xiaodong smiled and said, "The company is still operating very well."

Chen Tong was even more puzzled.

However, Chen Tong didn't want to ask in detail, so he didn't continue this topic. Instead, he said to Liu Xiaodong, "I prepared a powerpoint today, but I've been busy with work recently. The powerpoint was prepared in a hurry. If there are any imperfections, please don't mind."

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "Senior Brother Chen, you're too polite. I'm already very honored that you're here to train these young people on the control of Internet content. Even if there's no powerpoint, I'm satisfied that you're just chatting with them and teaching them something useful."

Chen Tong smiled. "I will do my best."

Following Liu Yidong all the way upstairs, all the way to the door of Taobao, Chen Tong was instantly shocked by the huge and eye-catching company name.

"Beijing Taobao Network Technology Co., Ltd."

"Isn't this Taobao?"

Chen Tong stood stupidly at the door of Taobao, looked at Liu Xiaodong with his mouth agape, and asked in surprise, "Yidong, you said that you're starting an e-commerce website. Is it Taobao?"

When Liu Xiaodong saw his dumbfounded look at the moment, he felt a little guilty. He didn't want to hide it from him. After all, he was his senior brother. Liu Xiaodong didn't have any bad intentions towards him. He just wanted to help Li Mu poach Chen Tong, so he deliberately hid it. He wanted to destroy his confidence and the arrogance of a scholar to a certain extent. Only in this way could he break his shackles and let him get a new life.

So, Liu Xiaodong smiled apologetically and said, "I'm sorry, Senior Brother. Previously, Taobao needs to be kept a secret, so I didn't tell you too much about it. The reason why I set the training today is because I have an agreement with the major shareholder. After Taobao goes offline, I can only announce my relationship with Taobao to the public …"

Although Chen Tong was still in shock, he nodded in understanding when he heard what Liu Xiaodong said. They had all worked hard, and he understood confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements very well.

However, Chen Tong no longer had that faint arrogance from before. Instead, he unconsciously felt a little unconfident.

Although Sina was already listed on Nasdaq and was considered as one of the top internet companies in China, those who were experienced in the internet industry knew that Sina's future development was facing a huge bottleneck. Without a clear business model and profit model, it would be hard for Sina to raise its recognition in the capital market. This was the so-called 'neither high nor low' describing a company like Sina.

But Taobao was different. Taobao was a brand new platform. It was a platform that shocked the internet industry overnight. On the first night, from 8 pm to 12 pm, Taobao completed more than 500,000 orders, and the sales reached almost 70 million RMB. This number was shocking to the internet people of this era.

In addition, Taobao's background and resources were very strong. The industry was very optimistic about Taobao's future. Now, he was actually going to train the members of this team. This made him more or less worried. If they had a better understanding of the internet than him, then wouldn't he be displaying his slight skill in front of an expert?

At this time, Liu Xiaodong could also see Chen Tong's worries. He could not help but say, "Senior, to be honest, most of the members of Taobao's operation team are newcomers. They really need to deepen their understanding of the internet. Also, you should be able to guess our relationship with Makino Technology. Our technical team has powerful Makino genes, so they are really outstanding. In this way, the operation team under me is really lacking, and it is inevitable that they will drop the ball. This time, I mainly want you to train our operation team."

Hearing this, Chen Tong's heart calmed down a little. It was not that he was vain, but mainly that he did not want to make a fool of himself. Hearing Liu Xiaodong's words, Chen Tong also understood his current situation. The level of the various departments in the company was indeed very important. If the operation team was strong and the technical team was weak, or if the technical team was strong and the operation team was weak, there would definitely be more and more differences in the development of the company in the future. If the company's leaders were not decisive enough, it might end up in endless internal friction. If the leaders were decisive enough, they would definitely immediately cut the relatively weak team and replace it with a stronger one.

So Chen Tong took a deep breath and said, "Okay, then let's go according to the plan. I will try to explain some of my understanding."

Liu Xiaodong hurriedly thanked him and said, "I told everyone that the training will be held in the big conference room at four o 'clock in the afternoon. There is still some time now. Do you want to sit in my office for a while?"

Chen Tong nodded. He did have a lot of questions to ask Liu Xiaodong, but he also had to find a relatively private environment.

When the two of them arrived at Liu Xiaodong's office, Chen Tong realized that Liu Xiaodong's title in Taobao was actually the general manager.

After entering the office, Chen Tong could not help but ask him, "Xiaodong, why are you working together with Makino Technology?"

Liu Xiaodong scratched his head and smiled, "Senior, to tell you the truth, I am also riding on their coattails."

As he said that, Liu Xiaodong asked him, "Do you know the founder of Makino Technology?"

Chen Tong nodded, "I know. Li Mu, the young man who founded 3321."

"That's right."

Liu Xiaodong said, "Li Mu is still studying at our National People's Congress. He is not in his second year yet. I met him at the end of last year. Inspired and stimulated by him, I felt that there was no future in selling opto-magnets in Zhongguancun, so I wanted to try to find some projects on the Internet. Li Mu came to me and said that he was willing to work with me to do something. You see, I have no money and no experience, but he is willing to work with me. Isn't this equivalent to being hit by a pie that fell from the sky?"

Chen Tong listened and nodded repeatedly. Li Mu took the initiative to work with Liu Xiaodong. For Liu Xiaodong, this was more than just being hit by a pie that fell from the sky. It was like being hit by a gold ingot that fell from the sky.

The difference in strength between Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong in this life was still very big. However, this difference was mainly because the former was too strong. Li Mu was willing to work with Liu Xiaodong. This was equivalent to Schumacher taking the initiative to ask Lin Zhiying to team up with him to play the F1 game.

Liu Xiaodong continued, "At that time, Li Mu said that he wanted to do e-commerce. I didn't know anything about e-commerce. After cramming for a whole winter, I was still a layman. To be honest, Li Mu is making decisions on the big issues. Although I am the general manager, I am still actively learning and improving myself."

Chen Tong asked curiously, "How many shares did Li Mu give you when you partnered with him to set up Taobao?"

Liu Xiaodong said frankly, "The investment ratio is 9: 1, and the share ratio is 8: 2. I take 20%."

Chen Tong was so shocked that his eyeballs almost fell out.

20%？

What kind of concept was that?

Was Li Mu's brain kicked by a donkey?

Even if he wanted to recruit Liu Xiaodong, there was no need to take out such a high proportion of shares.

Liu Xiaodong was just a self-employed businessman in Zhongguancun. Even if Li Mu thought highly of him, there was no need for him to do this.

It was not that Chen Tong looked down on Liu Xiaodong, but his considerations were based on the current reality. Liu Xiaodong really had not had the chance to show his powerful strength. According to the current objective judgment standard of the Internet, Liu Xiaodong was definitely not worthy of Li Mu giving him so many shares.

Looking at the shareholding structure of Sina's core management, Chen Tong's shares were pitifully small. It could not even be calculated by percentage. He could only use the number of shares as a reference. Also, there were strict restrictions on cashing out. Compared to Liu Xiaodong, his treatment was like comparing Lin Zhiying and Schumacher's driving skills. How should he compare?

It was awkward no matter how he compared …