Chapter 918

At eight o'clock sharp, the National People's Congress freshmen welcome party officially began.

More than 20,000 teachers and staff poured into the main stadium. Many outsiders and students from other schools had managed to sneak into the National People's Congress in advance. Among them were the girls from Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory, Zhao Kang, his classmates, and his girlfriend.

Hundreds of reporters gathered in the media area that was specially isolated in front of the stage. Their cameras and cannons had long been set up and were ready.

Li Mu was now the focus of the national news. He was also the subject of intense discussion and pride. Today was his first public speech, so the media naturally attached great importance to it.

Even the school leaders did not foresee that today's freshmen welcome party would be such a big event. Looking at the hundreds of media reporters below the stage, the school leaders could not help but feel their legs turn to jelly. Although they were of high status, they had never experienced such a big media event before.

It was originally an internal school event, but because Li Mu had become the focus of the nation, this internal school event was also closely watched by the entire nation. Countless people were waiting to see how Li Mu's first public speech would shock the students of the National People's Congress and the young people of the nation.

Young people who could access the Internet were basically constantly refreshing YY website, waiting for YY website to release relevant reports or even full videos of Li Mu's speech as soon as possible.

At present, among the first-tier web portals, only YY website could support online video viewing. This was mainly due to its unique streaming media transmission technology. Even so, there were strict requirements for the total number of videos and the duration of the videos. If there were too many videos and too many visitors, it would be difficult to handle.

Other web portals could easily support online video viewing in the face of daily traffic of hundreds of thousands or even more. For the sake of the website's normal visitors, even if they had the ability to launch an online video function, they would not dare to play with fire.

As for those users who were inconvenient to surf the Internet, they were basically waiting for tonight's evening news. Li Mu's speech would officially start at 8: 20, and it would end before 9: 00. If it was a good TV station, maybe the evening news would be broadcasted at 10: 00.

When Li Mu was preparing to make his appearance backstage, and when the school's leader was reading his speech in a trembling voice in front of more than 20,000 teachers and students, as well as hundreds of reporters, Le Tao's advertisement was quietly broadcast on several southern TV stations.

Due to cost reasons, Le Tao's TV commercial did not hire celebrities. Instead, they chose to use three unknown advertising actors.

The three actors were a middle-aged man and a woman, and a beautiful young lady in her twenties.

The theme of the advertisement was also very simple. It was in the style of an exaggerated stage play. The elderly parents were about to go shopping, but the young and fashionable daughter stopped them. She told them that online shopping was the trend now. There was no need to go out, and the goods were delivered to the home. The price was also more cost-effective.

His elderly parents' faces were filled with exaggerated disbelief. At this moment, his daughter introduced, "When you shop, go to LeTao.com. There's a huge 929 promotion.

Relax, I'll deliver the goods to your house! "

Boss Ma himself didn't understand advertising, but he knew very well that although such an advertisement wasn't outstanding, this advertisement was still decided by him. Because he knew that what he needed wasn't an excellent advertising plan, but a brainwashing publicity effect, just like the Brain Platinum that was currently popular.

Since he wanted to brainwash, the simpler and more direct the core, the better. Therefore, he was quite satisfied with the creativity of this advertisement.

Moreover, from Boss Ma's point of view, Le Tao was the only e-commerce website that could advertise on TV. Therefore, as long as the core of convenience, convenience, quality, and low price was passed to the users, it would basically meet his requirements.

After all, Boss Ma did not have enough money on hand. This time, the promotion scope of Le Tao was mainly covering the East and South China regions. This was because Boss Ma knew that the economic development of these regions was much better than the North, Northwest, and Southwest. Therefore, Le Tao also prioritized starting from there. The promotion resources that he had previously contacted were all provincial and municipal TV stations in the East and South China regions.

However, Boss Ma did not expect that Li Mu had already gotten Lin Qingya to make use of her powerful media connections and financial strength to form a partnership with all the provincial and prefecture-level television stations in the country. With Mu Ye Technology's help, every single television station was extremely cooperative. Basically, they were able to fulfill Mu Ye Technology's request to broadcast at any time. Thus, they were able to insert advertisements at any time they wanted.

Because Li Mu had already instructed Lin Ching-ah in advance, when Li Mu was preparing to make his appearance at the National People's Congress, Lin Ching-ah saw Le Tao's advertisement being released in more than ten provincial and municipal TV stations in the south. She immediately communicated with these media and requested for Makino Technology's advertisement to be inserted immediately.

When Li Mu and Lei Jianguo decided to snipe Boss Ma on TV, Li Mu had already made a more detailed sniping plan. The time of Taobao's promotion must be the same as Le Tao's. It must be carried out on the same day, so that it would not have any chance to compete with Le Tao!

Once there was a direct confrontation between the two sides, Taobao had to bite Le Tao to death, so that it would not have any chance to grow.

With this goal in mind, when Li Mu found a bunch of celebrities to shoot Taobao's TV commercials, he had already prepared everything in advance.

Because Li Mu did not know when Le Tao would be released, he only knew that it would be in late September. So, when the celebrities were shooting the commercials, he asked them to record more than ten different promotion time points, from September 20th all the way to October 5th!

When the director of the commercial was designing the shots, he deliberately separated the online time points. For these celebrities, after all the other shots were shot, they only needed to record their lines at different times. It was almost as easy as moving their lips.

Every celebrity recorded their lines from September 20th all the way to October 5th in one go. During post-production, the commercial video was combined into sixteen different files, and each file announced a different promotion time. Then, these commercials were numbered. September 20th was the code 001, the 21st was the code 002, and so on. If the commercial was released on September 29th, the code would be 010.

These commercials had already been sent to all the cooperating media in advance. It could be said that Li Mu had already prepared a hundred thousand points, just waiting for Boss Ma to show up!

In addition, there were all kinds of promotional materials on the website, including banners, banners, and various small elements. There were sixteen sets of design plans for all of them. When Li Mu said that there would be an event, the website would immediately be able to release the promotional materials for that day.

The purpose of Li Mu's doing this was: no matter which day you decide to release the promotion, I can immediately respond and go online on the same day as you!

Right now, Le Tao's advertisement had already been released. The moment the advertisement appeared on the 29th of September, Lin Qingya immediately brought her subordinates to call all the media companies they were working with. The content was simple: Code 010, hurry up!

At this time, Boss Ma had just finished watching Le Tao's commercial on the TV in his office with his core team.

After watching the commercial, Boss Ma paced back and forth in his office and said very solemnly to everyone, "This is only our first round of promotion. Everyone must pay close attention to the website's data in the next two hours, including the number of new visitors, the number of new registered users, and the region where each visitor and registered user's IP address came from.

Once we get the statistics, we'll have a rough idea of what kind of effect we can achieve in the next few rounds of promotion. We'll also be able to calculate which provinces and cities have the highest conversion rate. Next, we can make some adjustments to the budget and invest more in the areas with high conversion rates. "

Cai Chongxin said, "Boss Ma, I suggest that we do it more carefully. For the next eight days, we will have a round of promotion every day at ten in the morning, one in the afternoon, five in the afternoon, eight in the evening, and ten in the afternoon. We have to make detailed records and analysis of the data after each round of promotion. Not only do we have to look at the region conversion rate, but we also have to look at which time period has the highest conversion rate."

Boss Ma nodded and said, "Data analysis must be done as meticulously as possible. We have to analyze the data from multiple dimensions and grasp the deeper information hidden behind each data."

Everyone nodded in agreement. Cai Chongxin even began to list some of the more critical data requirements on his notebook, preparing to do the most detailed analysis of the data collected in the next two hours.

At this time, an advertisement suddenly appeared on the TV that no one had paid attention to!

The main character of the advertisement was the most popular singer in the second half of the year, Zhou Jielun. As soon as he came on, he first made a handsome expression in front of the camera, then used his trademark Taiwanese accent to say, "Hello everyone, I am Zhou Jielun. If you want to buy online, go to Taobao — — Happy Tao Tianxia, all in Taobao!

September 29th, Taobao will have a big fall promotion. All big-name daily necessities, clothing, shoes, hats, daily necessities, and even books, will all be discounted. The highest discount is 198 off the full 199!

Hurry up and go to Taobao to find out! "

Just this sentence alone attracted the attention of everyone in the conference room!

Everyone's eyes were glued to the television. They were staring at the slightly inexperienced Zhou Jielun, who had a strong personality. Everyone's expression was completely dumbfounded!

At this moment, Zhou Jie changed the camera angle on the television. He was holding the CD and tape of his new album, "Eight Degrees of Space", and said, "Oh, right!

My latest album, "Eight Degrees of Space", has been released on Taobao website. It is the only licensed album on Taobao website!

September 29th is the promotion day. In addition to the album discount, there will also be 10,000 albums with my autograph that will be sent out randomly. Everyone, be sure to get your hands on it in advance! "

In the next scene, Jay Chou stood in front of the camera and said, "Happy Taobao, all in Taobao!

When it comes to online shopping, I only choose Taobao! "

After Jay Chou finished showing himself, a large number of famous brand logos appeared on the screen. An extremely magnetic voice-over said, "September 29th, Taobao is having a big promotion. All the brands in the event are self-run by the company. 100% authentic, unprecedentedly low prices. Everything is on Taobao!"

At the very end, a Taobao logo gradually appeared, and the entire advertisement ended.

Boss Ma, who was originally pacing back and forth in the office, suddenly stood on the spot as if he was struck by lightning. Then, he felt dizzy. His legs went soft, and his body tilted to one side. He fell straight to the ground …

…