Chapter 281

Six thirty in the evening, Beijing International Airport.

Due to the flight delay, Li Mu and Du Wei's flight had just landed. The plane's front wheels had just touched the ground and the engine was turned on when Li Mu couldn't wait to turn on his phone.

According to civil aviation regulations, communication devices had to be turned off at this time, but Li Mu was too impatient. He wanted to know what had happened to the Internet while he was flying in the sky.

Li Mu was concerned about a few things: Had Q Bar gone online again? Had the media started to unify their statements to guide public opinion? Had Teng Xun made a statement?

It was a pity that it wasn't practical to use a phone to go online now, so he could only secretly text Zhao Kang behind the air stewardess' back.

Zhao Kang gave a simple reply. "Q Bar hasn't gone online yet, but there's news that they're busy going to the server operator to expand Q Bar's server capacity. I reckon that the server capacity after the expansion will be based on the scale of a million posts."

"The media has already started to publish Li Mu's statement to guide public opinion. They're all criticizing Q Bar for infringing on users' rights. The members of Q Bar's forum exploded this time was a spontaneous protest by the forum members."

"Teng Xun released a short statement before he got off work in the afternoon. The content of the statement was: Q Bar didn't intentionally infringe on the forum members' rights. Copying the content on Tieba was purely the actions of the Q Bar members themselves and had nothing to do with Q Bar officials. Q Bar will rectify the content. After Q Bar goes online again, if there's any similar infringing content, we welcome all the users to supervise and report it. Teng Xun will arrange for someone to verify and deal with it within five working days."

Li Mu had long expected that Q Bar would take the blame for the users. This attitude of 'I'll verify and deal with it' didn't seem like much of a problem, but it was actually the perfect wrangling process. Li Mu didn't need to think to guess that the entire reporting process would definitely be very cumbersome. If you wanted to make a report, okay, you had to first fill in a bunch of information about the person making the report and the reason for the report, then upload all sorts of evidence.

After completing this process, it would take at least half an hour to complete. Most users would probably give up at this stage.

Moreover, even if they provided evidence, the review would take five working days.

Including last weekend, it will be a week. After a week, they will reply that the evidence is not clear enough and ask you to submit it again.

Or, they could tell the user that the matter had been handed over to the staff to handle and that the user should wait patiently. More than half a month would have passed, and by then, the user who reported the incident would have lost his patience.

Li Mu had long been accustomed to this kind of thing in the industry and companies.

Du Wei asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, are you always so busy?

As soon as the plane landed, I started sending messages non-stop. "

Li Mu shrugged and said with a wry smile, "I've indeed been busy recently.

“

Du Wei smiled and said, "I can tell. Otherwise, you wouldn't have rushed back to Beijing without caring about filming.

“

Li Mu nodded. "I'll be able to take a good rest after our micro movie is done.

“

Du Wei asked him, "I heard that your company is going to sign Brother Ning Hao and Sister Tang Wei?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes.

They will be signed in a few days. After that, they will be Makino Image's contracted directors and actors. "

Du Wei hurriedly said, "What about me?

Do you want to sign me too? "

Li Mu asked curiously, "You're just a freshman and you want to be an actor. Will your sister agree?"

Du Wei said with a smile, "You're just a freshman too. We're actually about the same age. Don't always treat me like a child. Besides, my sister didn't agree to let me act, but she still compromised.

Besides, I really find acting very interesting. If there's a chance in the future, I'll do it.

If there's a chance in the future, I still want to try it again.

“

Li Mu immediately said straightforwardly, "As long as you can decide, I have no objection. When the time comes, I will also sign you to Makino Image.

“

Du Wei was very happy. She said to Li Mu, "That's a deal.

You can't go back on your word! "

"Of course."

After leaving the airport, Li Mu took a taxi to send Du Wei home. Chen Ze originally wanted to go back with them, but before he arrived, he felt that he should go back to his hometown in Jinling to see his grandparents.

So he entrusted Du Wei to Li Mu and asked Li Mu to send her home.

After sending Du Wei, Li Mu rushed to Yucheng Garden. As soon as he sat down on the sofa, Zhao Kang took out a lot of printed documents and handed them to Li Mu.

"These are all the news articles that have been published today. Almost all the first-tier online platforms have published them. Take a look first."

Li Mu nodded, took the pile of printed articles, and read them carefully. Although the specific draft of each article was different, and the screenshots used were also different, the core did implement his requirements. All the contradictions were pointed at Q Bar for violating the interests of the bar members, and the bar members rebuked and retaliated.

Such content, screenshots, and this mass incident with millions of people was enough to push Tieba to the absolute moral high ground, and Q Bar would probably be passive in the future.

Zhao Kang said again, "I contacted Yanjing TV Station and the local media in other provinces and cities, and added 150,000 yuan. I found a company that specializes in integrating TV media resources and specialized in public relations with those local media. From tonight to tomorrow, it should be the peak of public opinion for traditional media."

Li Mu nodded. There was a certain lag in the news reports of traditional media. The TV news needed to sort out the video copy materials, and the paper media needed to be typeset and put down for printing. Therefore, the response speed was slower than that of the online media. Tonight or tomorrow, they should be able to focus on the news.

When the public opinion was fully spread, Q Bar might not be able to fight against public opinion alone. Moreover, the official explanation of Q Bar was so pale and powerless. Teng Xun, who had not developed public relations awareness, was going to suffer a big loss this time. Instead, it gave Tieba a great opportunity to hype up in front of the people of the country.

If not for this incident adding fuel to the fire, it would be far from enough to increase the exposure of Tieba on the media, not to mention 350,000 yuan. Moreover, the effect of advertising would never be as good as hot news. This was something that money could not buy.

…

Because he still had to attend the Internet Conference tomorrow, Li Mu deliberately stayed the night in Yucheng Garden. He had been working non-stop for the past few days. Now that he could finally relax after returning to Yanjing, Li Mu took a shower after sending Zhao Kang off. He went to bed before 11 am and prepared to rest.

Perhaps because he was too tired, Li Mu fell asleep the moment he touched the bed. He was sleeping soundly when a phone call woke him up. It was Zhao Kang. Li Mu picked up the call in a daze. Zhao Kang said the moment he picked up, "Q Bar is online. What should we do?"

Li Mu looked at the time. Damn it, it was 12: 05 pm.

It seemed that Q Bar was re-online at 12 pm. It was really hard for the technical staff of Q Bar to choose this time to be online secretly.

Li Mu was no longer sleepy. He woke up quickly and turned on the computer while saying to Zhao Kang, "Contact your team first and see how many people are online. I'll call the technical staff."

Then, Li Mu called Kong Lingyu. As the chief technical person in charge of Makino Technology, Li Mu would only contact Kong Lingyu for any technology-related matters. At this time, he naturally had to wake him up.

Unexpectedly, Kong Lingyu was not asleep at all. He picked up Li Mu's call. Before Li Mu could speak, he blurted out, "Boss, do you want to do another round of Q Bar?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "First, see how many online users there are."

Ten seconds later, Kong Lingyu replied, "There are 370,000 online users, 290,000 logged in users, and 80,000 visitors."

There was only one possibility for him to get the data back so quickly, and that was that he was also working overtime now.

Li Mu said, "I'll go to Q Bar now to see what precautions they've taken. You go take a look too. We'll meet up later so that we don't miss anything. Let's figure out their defensive measures first and then come up with an attack plan."

"Okay!"

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu opened Q Bar. After logging in with his QQ account, he quickly browsed through the Q Bar of a few popular celebrities and found that the Q Bar was almost equivalent to rewinding the data to the time before they started copying the content of Tieba. The current Q Bar looked calm and peaceful, as if the previous forum explosion that shook the Internet had not happened at all.

Li Mu conveniently entered F4's Q Bar and wrote a simple post titled, "Is F4 really handsome?

How is he handsome? "

After clicking "Send", a verification code box suddenly popped up. Li Mu shook his head and smiled. Verification codes were a human-machine identification tool. If millions of people exploded at the same time, the verification code would be useless, because these millions of people were all people, not machines. The verification code might be able to delay the time of their posts for a few seconds, but it still couldn't stop a large number of access and post requests in a short period of time.

After entering the verification code and clicking "Confirm", the post was finally sent out. Li Mu immediately wrote another post. "F4's musical attainments, compared to Jay Chou's, who is better?"

As soon as he clicked "Send", a new notification immediately popped up.

"Sorry, you can only post once in an hour."

Li Mu frowned. What the hell was this about only being able to post once in an hour?

Was the Q Bar planning to use this method to forcibly limit users' posts and limit the server's average data writing speed?

It had to be said that if the Q Bar's server was really expanded to the point where it could accommodate millions of users posting at the same time, coupled with this one post per hour limit, it could indeed avoid to a large extent what happened last time, where the server directly crashed because users couldn't stack post requests in a unit of time. It was equivalent to changing a heavy machine gun that could fire continuously into a flintlock that took a lot of time to load and fire.

There was definitely an effect, but it was also very damaging to the user experience. After such a limit, the communication function of the Q Bar was almost paralyzed. They could only interact with each other once an hour. Could they still have fun at this speed?

However, Li Mu thought about it and guessed that this might be a temporary stop-gap measure of the Q Bar. The one hour limit was set for a special period. In the future, as the heat of the situation continued to decrease, they would definitely continue to shorten this time limit.

For Li Mu, the current situation was a bit tricky, because it was not easy to make a move now.