Chapter 23

Since the day Li Mu was reborn, he had the awareness that as long as it had not appeared in the present, he could take it as his own. Although it was a little unfair to the later generations, everything should be first come, first served. Who asked him to be reborn?

Compared to those plagiarists in the future who claimed that they were original, he was much more shameless than them.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to openly acknowledge the so-called original work of this song, and then suddenly thought of another folk song that he liked very much.

It was reasonable to say that it would take many years before it could be released, but Li Mu really liked it very much. With such an opportunity to record, he really wanted to record this song.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Zhang Kexuan, "I have another original work. Just take this opportunity to trouble you to record it for me."

When Li Mu said that he had another original work, the four members of the band and Chen Wan were all in high spirits.

Zhang Kexuan hurriedly asked, "What style is it?"

"Folk song."

"Okay, let's begin!"

The prelude of the song sung by Li Mu was substituted with the simplest broken chords little by little. This feeling was just like Old Wolf's "You Who Sat Next To Me". With the harmonica and the simplest and most unsophisticated broken chords, it easily created a melodious and touching folk classic.

Therefore, when they heard the extremely simple opening of Li Mu's song, the four members of the band finally breathed a sigh of relief. The prelude of this song did not seem to be outstanding, much inferior to the previous "Zebra".

However, after a bar of breakdown chords, Li Mu used a melodious hum to pave a real melody prelude. In this way, it was like the harmonica in the prelude of "You Who Sat Next To Me", the melodious and refined feeling immediately came out.

The four of them looked nervous again, except for Chen Wan, who now had an expression of infatuation on her face.

After the prelude, Li Mu softly sang, "When you're old, your hair is white, and you're sleepy …"

The five of them were collectively stunned by this voice, and even their bodies stiffened.

This song, When You're Old, was known by almost everyone in his previous life. For different people, the feelings they felt when listening to this song were very different. Some people would think of themselves and their loved ones growing old together, while others would think of their parents who were already old.

Li Mu was the latter. This song always made him think of his parents. In his previous life, his parents worked so hard for him, and they aged at a speed that caught him off guard. Therefore, every time he heard this song, Li Mu's eyes would get wet. As a man in his thirties, sometimes he would hide from everyone and shed a few tears of guilt.

Because the song touched their hearts, it became popular all over the country that year. It was also covered by countless famous singers and became popular all over the country.

Therefore, he really wanted to sing this song. As he sang, his eyes became wet with tears, just like in his previous life.

Li Mu sang this song for five minutes. After one minute, Chen Wan's face was already covered in tears.

After singing for about two minutes, the four members of the band also seemed to have red eyes.

If they simply listened to this song, they might not have such feelings. But when a person sang this song in front of them with pure feelings, it was difficult for them not to be affected.

Chen Wan had just cried, and it was really pitiful. She choked with sobs and asked Li Mu, "I feel like I have seen the lyrics somewhere, but I can't remember it."

Li Mu smiled and explained, "The lyrics are adapted from a poem by William Butler Yeats. The name of the poem is When-you-are-old, When You're Old."

Zhang Kexuan asked, "Did you write the song yourself?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded, as if it was a matter of course.

Although Zhang Kexuan's attainments in music were very ordinary, he still had a good eye. He said seriously, "If you have a chance to release these two songs as a single, it should be very popular."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Do you think there is still a market for records?"

"Ah?" Zhang Kexuan asked in surprise, "Why do you say that?"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled without saying a word.

The recording industry in Hua Xia has always lacked copyright protection. From its birth to its decline, it has always been plagued by piracy. Moreover, in the future, after the popularization of the Internet, MP3 format, and MP3 software and hardware, the traditional recording industry, both legal and pirated, will rapidly decline. Thus, it will evolve into the rise of pirated digital music.

Now, there have been many trial websites, and they have attracted the love of a considerable number of users. For example, Real 2000, the user demand has not really risen, and the current user distribution is very scattered.

The famous search engine Baidu will launch MP3 search and download next year, and it will only open to users in Hua Xia's domestic IP address to download songs without authorization. It will gather most of the trial download users in a short period of time. It can be said to be the pioneer of infringement.

And its attitude towards MP3 infringement will be very firm in the next few years. Even if it is against the complaints of major record companies, it will do its best to protect the MP3 search and download business. The reason is very simple. Once MP3 players start to explode in China, once mobile phones start to support MP3 playback, the market demand will rapidly expand to an unimaginable level. Whether it is downloads or online listening, it will rise rapidly.

At that time, the large Internet companies in Hua Xia will launch their own music trial and download business, and there will be no exception to the issue of infringement.

If Feng Yu set up an MP3 trial download website now, he can gather users before the market becomes hot, and it will be a huge project.

Li Mu suddenly had an idea. If he starts a trial website now, he can intercept the future MP3 users of Baidu six months in advance. This will definitely have a great impact on Baidu. For a search engine, no one needs this type of users more than them. They need to retain users, and they need to cultivate user loyalty.

Digital copyright will only be proposed after 2005, and the laws are not perfect. The cost and risk of infringement are very low, but the market is very large. This area of copyright and related laws and regulations will continue for a long time, and it will take another eight to ten years for it to be implemented.

Now, there are also online listening websites, but it will not take long to set up a trial website now. In a year and a half, if the daily traffic reaches one million or more, he can extort money from Baidu.

At the latest, he can keep it until 2003 or 2004. When the copyright issues start to get a little attention, he can make a move or transform it in time. That's it!

Li Mu made up his mind. He glanced at Zhang Kexuan, and his mind was racing.

These four people are all second-generation tycoons. It should be suitable to capture them and let them assist him in promoting and operating the trial website.

However, second-generation tycoons are rich and arrogant. How can he capture their hearts?

After thinking for a while, Li Mu suddenly said to Zhang Kexuan, "Oh, I still have a fast song. I have finished writing the lyrics and music, but it is not very suitable for my personal style. It is very rhythmic, and the melody is easy to remember. Are you interested?

If you are interested, I can authorize you to use it for the competition. "

Zhang Kexuan stared at Li Mu. "Li Mu, no, Mu Ge, is what you said true?"

The drummer stopped pretending. "Mu Ge, you are right. I did put up so many posters to show off my wealth. You are a professional, don't lower yourself to my level …"

Li Mu's words caught the hearts of these people.

Li Mu wasn't sure why second-generation tycoons played rock and roll, but one thing he was sure of was that it was definitely not for money. If they wanted to rely on this to make money, these four brothers must have been kicked in the head by a donkey.

If not for money, what else could it be? Ideals?

Not really.

Face?

Part of it.

Perhaps it was to create a different kind of style, to make people look at them in a different light, especially to make girls look at them in a different light. That was the most important.

Zhang Kexuan and the others' level, if they really wanted to compare on a national scale, they might not be able to compare to a high school band. Yes, they definitely couldn't compare. The band Flowers released their first album in 1999. If the four of them wanted to release an album at the level of Flowers, it would probably take a few more years.

Therefore, when Li Mu said that he was willing to give them a song to participate in the band competition, they regarded Li Mu as a god.

It was like a group of poor people who were still drilling wood to make a fire, seeing an amazing expert take out two different high-quality Zippo lighters in succession and light them twice. Although they didn't dare to expect that the other party would give them a delicate lighter, a random box of matches could make them cry bitterly.

"Mu Ge, tell me, what are your conditions!"

Li Mu pinched his chin and thought to himself, Since they have already delivered themselves to me, I won't be polite.