Chapter 546

Taobao's CEO followed Li Mu's instructions and sent an official reply to Alibaba. Li Mu's high profile reply instantly shocked the entire Alibaba and Boss Ma.

Although no one understood why Li Mu had to be so arrogant, Boss Ma still tolerated Li Mu's impoliteness. He got his CEO to reply. The content was very simple. There was only one core content: The specific meeting time will be based on Li Mu's time.

The reason why Li Mu had to be so arrogant was very simple. From the moment Boss Ma tried to meet him, Li Mu already understood an iron-clad fact: Boss Ma would definitely become his biggest competitor in the e-commerce industry. Boss Ma must have seen the prospects of the C2C online retail market, and that was why he took the initiative to meet him. Boss Ma had no candy or money in his pocket, only a sharp knife and a shiny gun. He was like a white man who first landed on the American continent. His only purpose was to plunder and plunder. Under such circumstances, there was no need for him to be polite or courteous. All he had was to wait for the battle to begin.

However, Li Mu was not worried that Boss Ma would become a C2C player. He wanted to become a C2C player, but it was no longer as easy as when he did Taobao in his previous life. He only had merchants and no users. It was not that easy to build a user-facing platform. If there were no strong competitors, it would be fine. But now that Taobao was so popular, and he had the support of YY and Alipay, Boss Ma had no advantage. Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, even if Alibaba was preparing to become a C2C player, it would only be officially launched three months later. By then, Taobao's traffic would definitely increase, and Hao123 would definitely fall into his hands. If Hao123 and YY123 merged, half of the entire PC Internet traffic would belong to him. It would be even more difficult for competitors to start.

Thinking about Hao123, Li Mu felt the thirst for blood. No matter how hard YY123 pushed, it would not be able to take away all of Hao123's traffic. After all, navigation websites were products with high stickiness and habits. Even if YY kept pushing, there would still be quite a number of users who did not change their habits of using Hao123. Currently, YY123 accounted for about 55% of the traffic on the navigation website market, and Hao123 accounted for about 40%. The emergence of YY123 had already cut Hao123's traffic in half, but the remaining 40% was abnormally strong, and it would be very difficult for YY123 to take another step forward.

Right now, what Li Mu wanted was for offline advertisements to be fully launched. Now, he only had to wait for Du Wei's print advertisement to be released.

Zhao Ziqiu stayed in school for the entire afternoon. At five o 'clock, Xie Yun sent her a message to tell her that she was already waiting for her at the east gate of Yanjing University. She asked her to look for her at the east gate directly after class.

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly felt the pressure in her heart rise again. When she was at the villa during the day, Li Mu was always by her side, and her parents did not make things too difficult for her. Who knew if they would make things difficult for her when the family of three was alone tonight.

At half past five, Zhao Ziqiu came out of school and saw her mother driving her Volkswagen Beetle. She walked up to it, opened the door, and got into the car.

As Xie Yun started the car, she said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Let's eat at home tonight. Don't go back to the dormitory tonight, stay at home."

Zhao Ziqiu did not dare to refute. She nodded gently and asked her, "Mom, how many days are you and dad going to stay in Yanjing?"

Xie Yun said, "Originally, your dad wanted to leave tomorrow and let me stay here with you for a few days, but he changed his mind. He wants to stay one more day and go back the day after tomorrow. You don't have to stay in the dormitory these two days. Let's spend two days together as a family of three. After your dad leaves, I will book a room at the Crowne Plaza near your school and stay with you until the weekend. I will go back again next week."

Zhao Ziqiu knew that her father valued time the most. There were very few things that could make him waste a day for no reason, so she couldn't help asking her, "Mom, is Dad still angry with me?"

Xie Yun glanced at Zhao Ziqiu and said, "Your father mainly hasn't fully accepted the relationship between you and Li Mu, but you don't have to worry. In my opinion, he will naturally accept the truth in a few days."

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and nodded, but she still couldn't help feeling guilty in her heart.

Xie Yun couldn't help but feel a little distressed when she saw her remorseful look. She reminded her, "Don't talk back to your father these two days. Listen to what he says. Even if he asks something that violates your principles and you can't accept it, just agree for the time being. Don't go against him. Everything will be fine after he leaves."

Zhao Ziqiu said obediently, "Mom, I understand. Don't worry."

Xie Yun nodded and said, "Your father asked the property management to change the cards and keys of the house. Don't ask him about this. After he leaves, I will accompany you to look around your school. If there is a suitable house, I will buy you another one."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Mom, I don't want the house. I don't have much use for it."

Xie Yun said casually, "How is it useless?

Do you think the relationship between you and Li Mu will end today? "

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this, she was suddenly speechless. She understood what her mother meant, but she didn't understand her mother's motive. She didn't know whether her mother was testing her or not.

Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu didn't say anything, Xie Yun sighed softly and said, "You are my only daughter. How can I not love you?

Li Mu hasn't bought a house in Yanjing yet, has he?

I can't let you be taken in and out of the hotel by Li Mu every now and then. "

Zhao Ziqiu didn't expect her mother to say it so directly. Her face suddenly turned red and hot. She lowered her head and said, "Mom, what are you talking about?"

Xie Yun asked her seriously, "Did I say something wrong?"

Zhao Ziqiu was speechless again. What her mother said was actually right. Li Mu didn't buy a house in Yanjing. He just rented a house. Not only his friends often went to that house, but even his real girlfriend, Su Yingxue, should have been there more than once. From the moment when Zhao Ziqiu decided to give herself to Li Mu, she felt that it was too much psychological pressure for her. She didn't want to meet Li Mu in the house he rented, so she brought him back to her home. In the future, she couldn't go to her home, and she didn't want to go to Li Mu's place either. If they still wanted to be together, maybe the hotel was the only choice left.

Xie Yun said solemnly, "Since you have made your own choice, I have no other requirements for you. Just protect yourself in all aspects. I can accept that you have a boyfriend, but I don't want to be a grandmother so early at my age. Do you understand what I mean?"

"Oh, mom … Why do you always say this!"

Zhao Ziqiu blushed and lowered her eyes shyly. She deliberately said in a coquettish tone, "Mom, I want to eat hairy crabs tonight."

Xie Yun smiled helplessly and accepted her daughter's forced change of topic. She said, "Good girl, how can you eat good hairy crabs now? You can eat as much as you want when you go home during the Mid-Autumn Festival."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. She could finally breathe a sigh of relief when the topic was changed. She said to Xie Yun, "Mom, let's go boating at the Summer Palace on the weekend."

Xie Yun asked her with a smile, "Don't you need to accompany Li Mu on the weekend?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "He is going to Hong Kong."

Xie Yun asked curiously, "What is he going to do in Hong Kong?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I don't know. I'm busy with my own things."

Xie Yun said with a bit of jealousy, "No wonder. If Li Mu is in Yanjing on the weekend, you will definitely want me to go back on Friday so that I have time to accompany my boyfriend."

"Mom, I will be angry if you continue to be like this …"

…

Li Mu had been worried that Zhao Ziqiu's parents would make things difficult for Zhao Ziqiu in private. However, to his surprise, Zhao Ziqiu's father didn't mention Li Mu to Zhao Ziqiu again. He didn't even ask a question related to Li Mu. He just accompanied his daughter in Yanjing for two days and then flew back to Hangzhou alone.

Li Mu was relieved that Zhao Ziqiu was not embarrassed at home. He wanted to find time to see Zhao Ziqiu, but after Zhao Ziqiu's father left, her mother stayed in a hotel near the school. Zhao Ziqiu went to school during the day and spent the rest of the time with her mother. Li Mu only found time to see her on the campus of Yanjing University. After making sure that she was in good condition, he finally felt at ease and devoted himself to work.

As soon as Du Wei's print advertisement for YY was released, Li Mu immediately called for a meeting with the operation and promotion staff of Makino Technology after he personally selected it. During the meeting, Li Mu showed a picture through the projector. In the picture, Du Wei, with her pigtails, was wearing a Japanese-style cartoon costume. She was hugging a huge cartoon logo wall in an exaggerated manner. The entire wall was the shape of the YY123 website logo. Below the logo, there was YY123's advertising slogan: The real Internet starts here.

This was the final result of Li Mu's careful selection from many pictures. Du Wei was the most natural and cute in this picture. There were only two visual cores in the picture against a white background. One was Du Wei, and the other was the YY123 logo. The effect of catching the eye was excellent, so Li Mu decided that YY123's future print advertisements would use this picture as the material.

After releasing the picture, Li Mu made a strict request to everyone present, "Within this week, YY123's offline advertisements must cover the entire Guangdong Province, with the focus on three cities: the provincial capital, Shenzhen City, and Li Xingping's hometown. Television media will focus on offline print advertisements. Buses, office buildings, shopping malls, parking lots, flyovers, and roadside billboards must all be covered."

The relevant personnel present made a "military pledge" on the spot. This time, the offline promotion in Guangdong Province must be guaranteed to be carried out to the extreme.

This time, Li Mu wanted to completely destroy Li Xingping's confidence. He wanted him to realize that Hao123 would only depreciate day by day if he kept it in his hands, and he would suffer more and more every day. He also wanted him to realize that with Makino Technology's aggressive promotion method, no other internet company would take over Hao123 at this time. He wanted to give him a choice. Either he would be absorbed by YY123, or he would be destroyed by YY123.

Moreover, Li Mu would not take the initiative to talk to Li Xingping about the acquisition for the time being. He hoped that Li Xingping would give up and look for him first.