Chapter 277

Li Mu was shocked.

Using user behavior as a cover for large-scale piracy. Wasn't that what Baidu was doing?

Why was Teng Xun doing it now?

Whether it was Baidu Library or Baidu Tieba, they were the places where pirated content was the most rampant. Back then, Baidu Library had a large number of pirated books and documents, infringing on the rights and interests of countless authors. However, Baidu had always said that all the content in Baidu Library was uploaded by users and had nothing to do with Baidu Library.

This was a standard borderline play, just like how Teng Xun manually collected the premium content in Tieba.

Using this method to pirate high-quality content in Tieba was beyond Li Mu's expectations. However, after thinking about it, it was normal for this to happen to Baidu or Teng Xun. Don't forget that back then, everyone used the same method to avoid risks. QQ not only imitated ICQ, but even its name was highly imitated. It was called QICQ, and it was later changed to QQ after ICQ accused it of copyright infringement and sent a lawyer's letter.

To be honest, how many clean companies were there that were relatively successful in the domestic Internet industry?

Kong Lingyu scolded Teng Xun over the phone for having no professional ethics. In his opinion, pirating Tieba's content would really damage the foundation of Tieba. If Hao123's actions could be understood, then Teng Xun's was absolutely unforgivable.

Li Mu was not as angry as Kong Lingyu guessed. He was only surprised for a moment, then relieved.

He said to Kong Lingyu, "Cursing is the most meaningless at this time. We all started in the same way. Who doesn't have sh * t on their butts?

Back then, our Yi Ting website also started by borderline play. It was immoral, but not illegal. Teng Xun's method is the same. Now, we only have one thing to think about, how to deal with it. "

Kong Lingyu said, "If they keep copying and pasting like this, our advantage in content will soon disappear. If Teng Xun deeply integrates QQ and Q Bar, they will be able to damage our user base. Then, we will be in danger."

Kong Lingyu was anxious. Teng Xun's sudden two big moves yesterday made him feel the deep malice of an all-out attack. He thought about Li Mu's plan to take over Teng Xun's account and sighed. Wasn't this Teng Xun's plan to take over Tieba?

However, Teng Xun's method was more direct. Compared to them, Li Mu's account was much more gentlemanly.

Li Mu thought for a moment. "Ten hours, ten hours, ten hours, ten hours, ten hours, ten hours, ten hours, ten hours. How long do you think it would take for one person to copy?"

Kong Lingyu thought about it and said, "Copying, pasting, publishing, I think it would take at most half a minute to a minute?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll say that they are very efficient. Half a minute for one article, one person can copy one hundred and twenty articles in an hour. They only made a little more than a thousand articles in an hour. What kind of concept is that?"

Kong Lingyu thought for a moment and exclaimed, "They don't have enough manpower!"

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "Since they don't have enough manpower, it also proves that they don't have a real water army, and their users can't be used by them to do this kind of thing. But we are different from them. We have a Douban …"

Kong Lingyu was enlightened!

Douban!

The outside world didn't know what Douban was, but Kong Lingyu knew that Douban was Li Mu's water army base. Thousands of well-trained water armies were mixed in Douban. They were Li Mu's army in the internet world.

Li Mu said lightly, "Isn't their Q Bar lacking content? Then I'll help them tonight."

Kong Lingyu felt a chill on his back. The young boss spoke lightly, but in his ears, it was full of contempt and domineering. He was so confident. It seemed that these crises in Kong Lingyu's eyes were nothing in his eyes.

Li Mu quickly contacted Zhao Kang and asked Zhao Kang to convene a meeting with the core members to formulate all the documents and photo evidence needed to incite the users of Tieba. He asked him to be prepared. At eight o 'clock at night, he had to mobilize all the water armies to a few popular Tieba to incite the users. Tieba had a very strong group effect.

Active users treated Tieba as their online home. Not only did they have friends here, but they also had like-minded netizens. Everyone communicated, learned, and even talked nonsense in Tieba. The atmosphere was very harmonious. They were the group of people who could best defend the rights of Tieba. As long as they were mobilized, they would explode with a strong cohesiveness. They had their own water army and tens of millions of registered users. Wasn't Tengxun's Q Bar lacking content?

Then go and learn from Lei Feng. I'll fill it up overnight!

After Zhao Kang understood Li Mu's intention, he immediately began to mobilize his core members on Douban. Now, the core members were more loyal than before. It was not only because they had the basic remuneration of Douban, but most importantly, almost all of them were acting as agents for Legendary Overlord. They relied on Legendary Overlord to earn a lot of profits. This group of people was now extremely loyal to Zhao Kang.

Just as Zhao Kang was actively preparing, Tan Yaocheng, who was in Beijing, paid attention to the series of actions of Q Bar. He was also quite shocked. Q Bar had shown two moves as soon as it came up. Each of its hands was holding a machete. One of the machetes was used to cut off the traffic on Tieba, and the other was used to cut off the content on Tieba. These two choices were very precise. They were fast, ruthless, and precise.

Previously, Baidu was extremely reluctant to give up its shares in Tieba. However, Li Mu's business plan was too rash. Baidu was worried that Tieba would be destroyed by Li Mu, so it had no choice but to convert its shares to Easy Listening Network. It was prepared to wait for Li Mu to reach a dead end in the future, and then wait for the opportunity to make some moves on Tieba. It did not expect that Tieba would have a strong rival with tens of millions of users. Moreover, it came with the goal of destroying Tieba. This greatly exceeded Baidu's original expectations.

Tan Yaocheng hurried to Li Zong's office and told Li Zong about the current actions of Q Bar.

After listening, Li Zong sighed repeatedly. "Li Mu is really trapped in a cocoon of his own making. We've just withdrawn, and he hasn't done anything yet, but he's already provoked Teng Xun. Great, now that the foundation of Tieba has been shaken, let's see if he still wants to continue with the navigation station."

Tan Yaocheng laughed bitterly. "Navigation station? Now Hao123 is helping Q Bar cut its traffic. If this continues, after a period of time, Q Bar will be able to replace Tieba. After all, they have QQ, an instant messaging software, and their users are very loyal!"

Li Zong nodded. "Where's Li Mu?

Why don't we invite him over for a chat and tell him that we're going to invest in Tieba? If he's willing to accept our investment, then we can do our best to help Tieba from search engines and use that to compete with Q Bar. But this time, if we're able to help him in his hour of need, we'll have to talk about the shares properly. "

Tan Yaocheng said, "I heard that Li Mu went out of town to shoot a movie."

"What?" Li Zong's eyes widened as he asked him, "Shoot a movie?

What do you mean? "

Tan Yaocheng said, "I think he set up his own Makino Image and wants to invest in a forty-minute movie. I heard that after it's shot, it won't even be able to get into the cinema."

After listening, Li Zong shook his head repeatedly. "This kid is really too full of himself!

When Makino Technology's foundation wasn't stable, he didn't take over as the leader and left the company to a bunch of technical people to manage. But now, Makino Technology is facing such a big crisis, and he actually ran off to shoot some movie. Makino Technology's valuation, minus the Easy Listening website, is at least 300 million!

If he continues to be so sloppy, he'll be halved in a week! "

Tan Yaocheng said, "Then we might as well talk to him after he's cut in half. Right now, he should still be in the stage of being arrogant. Since Teng Xun has made a move, then let them give Li Mu a good whipping. When he's beaten, suffered a loss, and not so arrogant, then we can talk to him."

Li Zong waved his hand. "If the valuation is really halved by Q Bar, even if Li Mu gives us the controlling stake in Makino Technology, I'm afraid it'll be very difficult for us to reverse the situation. Teng Xun's way of doing things is very fierce. Their users are the best user group among the major domestic Internet companies, and they're very loyal. Once their Q Bar becomes popular, Tieba will have a hard time."

Tan Yaocheng thought about it and felt a little nervous. Baidu's temporary departure from Tieba was just a temporary measure, but they never thought of giving up this product. Now that Tieba was facing a big enemy, even they were nervous.

Afraid that Tieba would be completely replaced by Q Bar, Tan Yaocheng said seriously, "I'll give Li Mu a call and see what he's thinking."

Li Zong nodded. "Let's see what he plans to do first. Don't say anything we can help with."

"Okay."

When Li Mu received Tan Yaocheng's call, he was not curious. MP3 and Tieba were the two most suitable products for Baidu. Although they chose MP3 now, they would still covet Tieba. Tan Yaocheng actually called him at this time, so he probably already knew about the series of actions of Q Bar.

Tan Yaocheng did not mention Q Bar when he got up. He just asked Li Mu like a friend, "What are you busy with recently?"

Li Mu said, "I'm shooting a movie in my hometown."

Tan Yaocheng laughed and said, "You really do everything. You even shoot movies …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'm just shooting for fun. I have nothing to do anyway."

At this time, Tan Yaocheng was speaking on speakerphone in front of Li Zong. Li Zong could not help but shake his head when he heard Li Mu's casual and indifferent tone. He looked like it was a pity.

Tan Yaocheng saw Li Zong's behavior just now, so he asked Li Mu, "I heard that Teng Xun has recently started a Q Bar and made a series of moves on Tieba?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Tieba is not something amazing. This kind of model can be seen at a glance. Anyone can do it if they want to."

Tan Yaocheng said, "But they've cut off your traffic from Hao123, and now they're copying your content in a way that's skirting the rules. You have to take this seriously and fight back!"

Li Mu said, "Any keyword on Hao123 will definitely be won by the highest bidder. I don't want to pay that money, so I don't want the traffic that Hao123 transforms. As for them copying my content, there's nothing I can do. Do you think the law will support me if I sue them?"

Tan Yaocheng explained, "I don't mean for you to sue them. It's meaningless. If you really want to sue them, it's still uncertain if the court will accept it. Even if they accept it, the speed of the judicial process is so slow. I'm afraid they'll surpass Tieba before the court session even starts. You have to have a quick and effective way to deal with it."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Don't worry, CEO Tan, I know what to do."

Tan Yaocheng asked Li Mu, "Then when are you going back to Beijing?"

Li Mu said, "I have to finish filming the current scene before I can go back. I think I'll go back before the Internet forum starts, so I'll be in time to participate in it."

Tan Yaocheng asked in surprise, "Such a big thing happened, why aren't you coming back?"

Li Mu asked him in return, "Do you think I can get Hao123 to stop using keywords from Tieba to redirect traffic to Q Bar without spending money when I go back?"

Tan Yaocheng hesitated for a moment and said awkwardly, "No …"

Li Mu asked again, "Then when I go back, can I get Teng Xun to stop copying content from Tieba?"

Tan Yaocheng sighed. "You can't …"

Li Mu said, "Still, even if I go back now, I won't be able to solve any problems. Instead, I'll delay the things at hand. Isn't that not worth it?"

Tan Yaocheng felt helpless and said bitterly, "It's fine if you decide. When are you coming back, give me a call and I'll treat you to a meal."

"Okay."

After hanging up, Tan Yaocheng looked at Li Zong. Li Zong sat in the boss's chair and sighed. "I always thought he was a genius, but it seems like it's just a flash in the pan."

Tan Yaocheng also sighed. "Seems like it's not a good thing to succeed too early. Once he gets too full of himself, there's no saving him …"

…

At eight o 'clock that night, just as Q Bar was still using a large number of user accounts to copy Tieba's premium posts, several indignant posts appeared on all the major Tieba forums. The content of the posts were all about the infringement of Q Bar's copyright. There were all sorts of screenshots of the evidence. The posts were never made in the name of Tieba or from the perspective of Tieba. Instead, they stood from the perspective of the users and the premium content creators to denounce and criticize them. This instantly ignited the anger of the loyal users of Tieba.

In this era, the atmosphere of the pugilistic world was very strong. The chivalrous hearts of the netizens were also very obvious. It was different from the future where there were scammers and traps everywhere. The current internet was very harmonious. Not only were the users of Tieba very loyal to each other, but this chivalrous heart of the game was even stronger. In Legend of Mir, there were often situations where players could not equip their equipment because they were lacking a few points in attributes. This method of borrowing equipment was not restricted by the system or contract. However, everyone relied on the chivalrous heart of the pugilistic world to be able to borrow and return what they borrowed. This showed that the netizens were full of positive energy.

After the users of Tieba were stirred up, indignant posts filled the air. More and more users of Tieba knew about this incident. Everyone expressed their anger on their respective Tieba forums. Hundreds of thousands of netizens participated in the discussion.

Just as everyone's emotions reached a climax, someone created a Tieba forum called "Tieba Family." Then, a large number of fake reviewers posted on all the major Tieba forums, telling everyone that they were going to take action. They were going to defend the big family of their friends and the fruits of their labor. Therefore, this newly established Tieba forum attracted the majority of the online users. According to Kong Lingyu's statistics, at ten o 'clock at night, there were 1.6 million online users on Tieba forum, and 980,000 were on the "Tieba Family."

Originally, Tieba's largest forum was the Legend of Mir. There were more than 300,000 users logging into the Legend of Mir every day. However, the "Tieba Family" forum actually gathered nearly a million users within an hour. Even Li Mu did not expect the users of Tieba to have such a strong cohesiveness.