Chapter 1577

The cohesion of a small circle depended on interests or personal friendship, while the cohesion of a large circle depended on a higher level of common values.

Whether it was the Chinese people in Hua Xia or overseas, if there was no higher level of national values, then it was easy to form a situation of disunity.

It was fine if they were in a state of disunity, but it was really too f * cked up when one's own people cheated one's own people.

On the streets of Yan Jing, there were many swindlers who introduced jobs, and they liked to cheat their fellow countrymen the most.

In foreign countries, there were also many swindlers who specialized in providing various services for their compatriots. Their only source of income was to rely on cheating their compatriots.

Buying a domestic computer and selling the same model for fifteen thousand yuan in China would be equivalent to seven thousand yuan abroad. This was also cheating one's own people.

Buying a football player and selling it to the Manchester City Football Club, owned by Hua Xia, would cost five hundred thousand pounds more than the Manchester United Football Club owned by the f * cking British boss. This was still cheating one's own people.

Li Mu never used national values and national identity to fool others and dilute other people's interests. For example, buying Dong Fangzhuo, he was not only willing to pay as much as Manchester United was willing to pay, but could also promise him better resources, and even directly solve the work permit and play in the English Premier League this year.

However, the other party treated him as a sucker and intensified his efforts to squeeze greater benefits from him, which was really unreasonable.

It was not good to have a good fight against such a guy. In the future, such things would happen infinitely all over the world and in all walks of life, and there would not even be the slightest restraint.

The editorial team of YY website was a professional team with very strong writing ability. Most of them came from the traditional media industry and had a strong foundation in writing. They also knew how to guide the psychology of readers.

After receiving instructions from Li Mu, they quickly created an article titled "It's Because We're Compatriots, That's Why It's More Expensive."

When Li Mu had just arrived home, this article had already been posted on YY website and was pushed to all Chinese YY users, including the simplified and traditional versions.

It was clearly stated in this article that after Li Mu acquired the Manchester City Football Club, he very much hoped to send more Hua Xia football players to the Premier League. However, when the club proposed the purchase intention to the club where Dong Fangzhuo was, the club actually reported a transaction price of five hundred thousand pounds higher than the one reported to Manchester United. What kind of business logic was this?

Could it be that Dong Fangzhuo's club deliberately raised the price and sold it more expensive because they were compatriots?

Perhaps Dong Fangzhuo's club did not deliberately increase the price because Li Mu was a compatriot. They might have just wanted to take the opportunity to raise the price higher and make a little profit for themselves. However, Li Mu did not want to analyze the specific reasons behind it. Since you're playing this game with me, then I'll play the same game with you. I don't care if you're deliberately cheating your compatriots or not. I'm going to put such a label on you. If you're stubborn enough, you can keep wearing it. If you can't take it, then admit your mistake.

While the article was being pushed, Li Mu entered the house with Anne Hathaway.

As soon as Anne Hathaway entered Li Mu's house, she inevitably felt a little nervous. Li Mu directly took her to the second floor and picked the largest guest room for her. He said to her, "You haven't had a good rest after such a long journey. Take the time to catch up on sleep. There is a bathroom in the room for you to take a shower. There are clean towels, bath towels, and bathrobes. You can use them directly. If you need anything, just let me know."

Anne Hathaway was stunned. She nodded gently and asked Li Mu, "What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going downstairs to surf the Internet. I have something to deal with."

Anne Hathaway hurriedly persuaded him, "You've been busy for so long. Why don't you have a good rest when you're finally home?

Didn't you say that you won't deal with work today? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I just won't go to the company. I still have to pay attention to business. You can rest first. Don't worry about me."

Anne Hathaway had no choice but to nod and said to Li Mu, "Then pay attention to the balance of work and rest. If you're tired, take a nap and rest for a while."

"Okay."

Li Mu waved to Anne Hathaway and turned to go downstairs.

Looking at Li Mu's back, Anne Hathaway was a little surprised. Could it be that Li Mu really didn't have any hidden intentions when he invited me to his home?

If that's the case, I feel quite disappointed in my heart …

Li Mu was lying lazily on the couch downstairs. He turned on the dusty laptop next to him. The first thing he did was to browse Weibo.

Although Weibo and Twitter were completely the same at the user level, the Chinese version was called Weibo. Moreover, the Chinese version's page and the Chinese version's trending topics were also relatively popular in Hua Xia.

After leaving China for some time, Li Mu wanted to pay attention to the recent news in China through Weibo, as well as the hot topics that the Chinese people were paying attention to.

However, what he didn't expect was that the number one hot topic was "The Life That Longs For".

Li Mu didn't even know when the variety show started, but it has now gained a lot of attention on the Internet. On this topic, a large number of netizens are actively expressing various comments and opinions. Li Mu roughly browsed some, and the comments were basically all positive. After all, this kind of reality show format has never been seen in China, and the comfortable rural life makes the audience in the city particularly yearn for it, and it also makes the audience in the countryside particularly cordial. In short, it's a position that flatters both sides.

At the same time, Li Mu also paid attention to some data and found that "The Life That Longs For" has been broadcast for four episodes, it has already won the throne of the domestic variety show ratings, even surpassing Xiangnan Satellite TV's own ace program "Happy Camp".

Originally, in Li Mu's prediction, "The Life That Longs For" would be relatively slow to become popular. Its data should not rise rapidly, but rely on its excellent reputation to continue to accumulate users, and eventually accumulate a lot. But he didn't expect that this kind of reality show would be so attractive to the audience at this stage. As soon as it came up, it directly advanced all the way, and the data was so good that Xiangnan Satellite TV itself couldn't believe it.

Many viewers commented on the show on Weibo, thinking that it was the most heartwarming variety show they had seen in years. There was no noisy stage and no radical task. The whole show gave people the feeling that it was like a small bridge with flowing water, full of leisure, comfort and beauty, and at the same time, it also made the audience in the city yearn for rural life.

Li Mu also went to look at the official Weibo of "The Life That Longs For" and found that they have more than two million fans, and their official Weibo operation is also very good. There are a large number of graphic information released every day, and the editors are particularly good at organizing language to attract users to discuss and forward.

The latest Weibo post was just released at 12 o 'clock this afternoon. This is a photo taken when he was fishing with Peng Yuyan. The content of the Weibo post was: "Mr. Li Mu, chairman of Makino Technology and founder of 3321, participated in a variety show for the first time and collided with an alternative food spark. The wonderful show will be on the sixth episode of" The Life That Longs For "at 8: 30 next Friday evening. Please pay attention."

In just an hour, this Weibo post has been forwarded and commented on by more than 10,000 people. The comments were all surprised. No one thought that a variety show would invite the future richest man in the world to be a guest. It was incredible.

Li Mu did not expect that his participation in a reality show would attract the attention of the netizens. It seemed that he was indeed an opinion leader with his own traffic.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly noticed that a title with a "Hot" logo had suddenly appeared on the hot search list. The content of the title was: "Player selling his compatriot for 500,000 pounds more than selling someone else!"

It turned out that YY's push had begun to take effect. After a large number of users saw this hot news, they immediately began to discuss it on Weibo. The popularity of the news rose rapidly and jumped straight to the hot search list.

The netizens' comments on this topic could be said to be completely one-sided. Killing one's acquaintance was the most unacceptable thing in daily life, and it was the same for one's own people to harm one's own people.

In the eyes of the people, the fact that Li Mu could take a liking to a player from Hua Xia showed that Li Mu was serious about football, not to mention that the social status between the two was worlds apart. Moreover, Li Mu had the intention to help Hua Xia's players to develop in the English Premier League. However, he did not expect that Hua Xia's team would raise the price behind Li Mu's back. The price of selling him to Li Mu was forcibly raised by 500,000 pounds. This was simply not knowing what was good for them. It was really unjustifiable.

The owner of the Bincheng Club, who was still waiting for a reply from Li Mu and the Manchester City Football Club, was in a terrible predicament at the moment.

A large number of netizens on the Internet were denouncing and even insulting the owner of the Bincheng Club. His friends, family, and even acquaintances, who he had little contact with before, also came to ask him about the incident. Everyone felt that he should not have raised the price against Li Mu at this time.

This time, the Bincheng Club was pushed to the forefront of public opinion.

The owner of the Bincheng Club was suddenly in a terrible predicament. He never expected that when he wanted to extort a little from Li Mu, Li Mu would directly launch a devastating blow against him. Now the Bincheng Club was being scolded on the Internet. Many reporters took turns calling to interview him. Even his wife and children felt that he was too unkind, which made him completely at a loss for how to deal with it.

Soon, President Chen's phone number and other information were exposed on the Internet. His cell phone immediately began to ring non-stop. As long as it was an unfamiliar number, he would definitely be scolded as soon as he picked it up. Moreover, these people's scolding was really unpleasant, which made him so angry that his liver hurt.