Chapter 396

At this time, Li Mu and Chen Ze had just entered SugarClub. A huge sound wave hit them in the face. The bass even made their chests tremble. Under the gorgeous lights, countless young men and women were twisting in the middle of the dance floor. The seats next to them were also filled with people. Business was booming.

This was the first time Li Mu came to SugarClub. He looked around the hall curiously and saw Chen Ze standing at the staircase waving at him. He quickly followed him and went up to the second floor.

The second floor had a circle of private rooms around the dance floor. The dance floor, the DJ stage, and the catwalk on the first floor were seven or eight meters high. From the corridor and private rooms on the second floor, one could clearly see the situation below the dance floor. Chen Ze brought Li Mu to a private room with the number V001. He swiped the membership card and opened the door.

Inside was a KTV private room about 30 square meters. As soon as they entered the private room, they felt that the sound waves outside were immediately isolated. They could only hear a little. The entire private room was made of soft sound-absorbing materials, so the sound insulation was very good. There were also four high-power speakers inside the private room. If they were turned on, they could synchronize with the DJ's music, so that people in the private room could also feel the lively atmosphere below. However, if the people in the private room wanted to talk about something, once the speakers were turned off, it would immediately become quiet.

When Li Mu entered the private room, Fatty Wang just arrived on the second floor. He saw his side profile and was about to follow up when he suddenly thought of something. He asked through the walkie-talkie, "How many people came in just now?"

"Two."

Fatty Wang stopped and pondered for a while with his chin in his hand. However, Chen Ze and Li Mu came and went directly to the private room without telling him. There was an 80% chance that the two had something to talk about. It was not good for him to go over rashly. Therefore, he turned around and went back up. As he walked, he said through the walkie-talkie, "Unless guest number one has a request, otherwise, do not disturb him."

After that, he turned around and went back to his office.

Li Mu and Chen Ze sat opposite each other at the table in front of the large floor-to-ceiling window. Chen Ze pointed at the clear dance floor outside the glass and said, "Fatty Wang is a very smart person. His private room is double-layered soundproof glass, and the outer layer is one-way glass. It doesn't affect the view from the inside, but the situation inside can't be seen from the outside. The whole room is soundproof, and the sound system has been rearranged. It's said that it's very popular with the rich. There are less than 20 private rooms here, and five of them are reserved for the VIP members. As for the rest, if you want to come here temporarily, the minimum spending for a night is more than ten thousand. If you want to book one all year round, the minimum spending is one million a year."

Li Mu smiled and said, "He's a place for the rich. The domestic nightclub is a place where the consumption level is obvious. Those who don't have money come here to dance for a while, and those who have a little spending power can order a few bottles of wine at the bar. Those with higher spending power can sit in the booth next to the dance floor, and those with higher spending power can enter this kind of private room. The division is very detailed and very reasonable."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "He's born to do this. In fact, last time I asked him to make some money and set up two 4S stores to sell cars. It's more profitable than doing this, but he doesn't dare."

The domestic private car industry started to develop after 2000, and it started to explode around 2010. It could be said that those who were in the car business before 2010, as long as they chose the right brand, they would be able to make a lot of money. But after 2010, it would be difficult to make a profit no matter what brand they chose. Chen Ze was optimistic about the current car sales industry, and his vision was very accurate. Moreover, if he set up a 4S store now, he could get one or two pieces of land, and in a few years, he would also be able to make a lot of money.

At this time, Chen Ze said again, "Fatty Wang can't see the future of the car industry. His vision is more suitable for low-level industries like nightclubs and bars. In this kind of industry, he can use his own ability and imagination, like a fish in water. This is also good."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Since you are optimistic about the car industry, why don't you do it? I think in the next five or six years, the car industry will be able to make money."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "We both think the same, but I am not going to do it myself. My mother has a trading company in her hands, and she is going to use that company's shell to transform into imported cars. This year, she should be able to get a few brands in North China. First, she will open a few 4S stores, and then slowly expand."

Li Mu agreed and said, "This is a good direction. In the future, the profitability of a single 4S store will be limited, but the car trading company that has many 4S stores in its hands can try too many things. Not only selling cars, but also auto finance. The prospects are still very broad."

“

Chen Ze smiled and said, "It's rare for someone to be optimistic about this. Now many people think that the car trade does not have much prospects. With these funds, it is better to do projects like real estate. But I think this project is also very promising."

As he spoke, Chen Ze pressed the call bell and called the waiter over to order some drinks. The two of them ordered a bottle of whiskey, some soda water, and ice cubes. After a few drinks, Chen Ze told Li Mu about a project that he was still hesitating about.

"I want to get a piece of land and set up a karting track, but I am a little unsure. Can you give me some advice?"

Li Mu thought of the karting that he often played in tourist attractions in his previous life. He asked in surprise, "A karting track doesn't cost much, right?

If you want to do it, just give it a try. I think you can get one with your monthly allowance. "

Chen Ze smiled and waved his hand, saying, "I don't want to set up a karting track for the public. I want to set up a professional level karting track, even one level higher than karting. At least it has to be a professional level track that is certified by the FIA and meets the requirements of the official Formula 3 competition."

Li Mu was stunned and asked, "What is the FIA?"

"The FIA."

"What about Formula 3?"

"F3 is an entry-level formula car. After F3 is F3000, and after that is F1."

Li Mu was secretly speechless and asked him, "Why do you want to set up a professional racing track?"

Chen Ze said very naturally, "To set up a team."

"And then?"

"To train drivers to participate in competitions."

Chen Ze said, "Racing is a dream. At my age, there is no future for me to drive a race car. Why don't I invest some money to set up a professional team? Maybe one day I can train the first F1 racer in the country."

Li Mu knew that Chen Ze was obsessed with F1, but he didn't expect him to be obsessed to this extent. In the past, he heard from Hui Ka Ming that he wanted to set up a racing track. Li Mu just took it as a joke and didn't take it seriously. He didn't expect Chen Ze to really have this idea.

Li Mu didn't know about racing, but he knew that it was the most expensive thing. It was said that once an F1 car started running, the cost of running one meter was a few dollars. The operating cost of a team was frighteningly high, and it was known as the most expensive sport. Until 2016, Hua Xia hadn't produced a real F1 racer. Chen Ze actually had this idea at this time. Although he wasn't sure if he had done it in his previous life, at least he was sure that even if he had done it, he definitely didn't succeed.

So, Li Mu asked him, "How much does it cost to invest in a racing track?"

Chen Ze said, "I roughly calculated. If the track is about 2.8 to 3 kilometers long, the standard width is about 12 meters, and the maximum design speed is 250 kilometers per hour, the cost is about 100 million, and this doesn't include the cost of the land."

Li Mu was dumbfounded. "That expensive?"

Chen Ze nodded. "It can't be as simple as just building a track. There needs to be a lot of supporting facilities, and the cost of operating it is also higher."

Li Mu asked him, "How much does it cost to maintain a team?"

Chen Ze thought for a moment and said, "I definitely can't afford to maintain a standard F3 team. It would cost at least a few hundred million a year. My idea is to first build the venue according to F3 standards, and at the same time retain the possibility of expanding and upgrading it to a professional F1 track. Then, I'll form a karting team, select some seeded players, and start with karting. If the operation of the racing track can improve and I can get some sponsors, I can slowly prepare for the F3 team."

Li Mu said somewhat cautiously, "I think the scale of this investment is too big, and there's no profit model. You're spending hundreds of millions to invest in a venue. If this venue can't make a profit, you'll have to continuously invest in basic operation and maintenance costs. This cost shouldn't be low, right?

What's more, you're also building a karting team and an F3 team. This cost will be even higher. "

Chen Ze smiled and said, "If it was before, I would probably just think about it. But it's different now. I've invested 5% of your Makino Technology's shares, and Makino Technology is developing so well. I have a feeling that this 5% of shares will become a huge fortune in the future. So, even if I burn money for my dreams now, I have more confidence than before. Plus, after watching your Old Boys, I feel that people should pursue their dreams while they're still young. Don't wait until you can't do it anymore before regretting it."

Li Mu didn't know whether to laugh or cry when he heard this. It turned out that it was because of his appearance that he had the confidence to burn money. Even Old Boys had become a potential factor that prompted him to build a racing track. In that case, Chen Ze probably didn't build a racing track in his previous life. Even if he did, it definitely wouldn't be on such a large scale. It seemed like Li Mu had a subtle influence on him.

Li Mu was confident that within three years, Makino Technology would be valued at more than 10 billion RMB. When Tengxun was listed in Hong Kong in 2004, it was valued at almost 7 billion RMB. If the valuation of Makino Technology in 2005 did not exceed 10 billion RMB, it would be a disgrace to Li Mu. So, from the looks of it, he could definitely guarantee that Chen Ze would have an abundant source of funds in the future. Thinking about it carefully, there were too few opportunities for a person to pursue their dreams at all costs.