Chapter 815

Wei Lan intended to develop a super luxurious residential project to increase the possibility of the three pieces of land owned by Wanying Group. In Li Mu's hands, this plan became a real business center for the Three Circular Bridge, which suddenly became a lot bigger.

Fortunately, everyone believed in Li Mu's decision. The commercial real estate project, which was more than ten years ahead, was ready to start. The three super luxurious residential projects were even less of a challenge for Wan Ying Group. If this model worked, then Wan Ying Group would have found a new way of development.

A relatively complete set of ideas unfolded in Li Mu's mind. Then, he told this set of ideas to the partners present.

The ultra-luxurious residential project could not only be used as the solution for the three plots of land in Three Circle Bridge, but it could also be used as the standard for Wan Ying Plaza. Every time Wan Ying Plaza was launched, a certain number of ultra-luxurious residential projects would be launched, merging them into one. This kind of high-end residential project would definitely be the most prosperous and convenient place in the entire city. It would be defined as a dual-use commercial and residential project. It would no longer be considered by the common people, but by the elites who pursued a high quality of life.

At that time, the construction and renovation of the ultra-luxurious residential projects would be beyond the expectations of the elites, and they would all be placed in the quieter high-rise buildings of Wan Ying Plaza. In terms of pedestrian and vehicular access, they would be completely separated for commercial and residential purposes.

For example, the elite residents enjoyed an exclusive underground garage, an exclusive residential elevator, and an exclusive residential passageway. They were completely separated from the huge flow of people in the shopping mall. Meanwhile, the elite residents could take the exclusive elevator directly to Wan Ying Square and enjoy a one-stop service of eating, drinking, shopping, and entertainment.

This way, after the completion of each Wan Ying Plaza, they could first recoup a portion of their cash flow through the sale of the ultra-luxurious residential projects. This would make up for the drawback of commercial real estate taking a long time to recoup their costs. It would make the entire Wan Ying Real Estate project healthier and more complete.

This train of thought was recognized by everyone.

Li Mu did not want to do traditional residential real estate that had no technical content and would only drive up the price. This type of dual-use commercial and residential luxury apartments targeted at the high-end, to a certain extent, avoided the areas that Li Mu avoided. It exceeded the traditional pricing rules of the market, jumped out of the traditional pricing system, and formed its own style that only served the elite. This was the most suitable development model for Wan Ying Plaza.

After this general tone was set, the next thing to decide was how to follow up on the development of the other pieces of land. How to reach an agreement with Ye Youdao and the others became the key to this problem.

Li Mu, Song Liang, and Chen Ze roughly decided on the details of the cooperation. After reaching a consensus within Wan Ying Plaza, Li Mu asked Song Liang to inform Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan to come to Beijing on Thursday.

At this moment, Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan, who were in Jinling, were already looking forward to it. Since Song Liang told Ye Youdao about Li Mu's decision last weekend, the three of them had been meeting frequently. It was certain that the three of them attached great importance to this opportunity. They were all waiting for Li Mu's call. Once Li Mu confirmed the time to meet them, they would immediately fly to Yan Jing.

After Song Liang told Ye Youdao about Li Mu's appointment on Thursday, Ye Youdao was so excited that he promised to arrive in Beijing on time without hesitation.

Zhang Zicheng and Chen Yuan were equally excited. The three discussed in private and decided to go to Yan Jing on Wednesday morning. Chen Yuan immediately booked a ticket for Chen Wan and asked her to go with him on Wednesday.

Chen Wan, who got the exact news, was overjoyed. She immediately contacted Li Mu and told him the time she would go to Yan Jing.

Li Mu heard that they would arrive in Yan Jing at noon on Wednesday, so he asked Song Liang to host them for lunch on behalf of Wan Ying Plaza. He would not attend lunch. Then, he made an appointment with Chen Wan. He would treat her and her father, Chen Yuan, to dinner alone on Wednesday night.

Although Chen Wan's family was the weakest among the three families, she was also the one that Li Mu wanted to help the most. Whether it was Ye Tianming's family or Zhang Kexuan's family, Li Mu wanted to cooperate with them to get what they needed. Therefore, Li Mu wanted to meet Chen Yuan and ask him what he wanted before meeting the three families.

…

Xu Bo, who was at NetEase, had been a little depressed these few days.

He was originally a veteran online game enthusiast and had a deep understanding of the development of domestic netizens. When he decided to enter this industry, the first thing he thought of was to join NetEase.

It was not easy for Xu Bo to join NetEase. When he first joined NetEase, he cherished the opportunity to work in a big company because he knew that he lacked education and experience. Although he had a lot of ideas, he lacked a good resume and experience. Therefore, a few months before he joined NetEase, he wanted to work steadily, improve and prove himself.

In the six months since he joined NetEase, Xu Bo had been giving his own suggestions and understanding to the online game "Journey to the West". At first, his suggestions were not taken seriously. However, with his continuous efforts, "Journey to the West" began to adopt some of his suggestions to optimize the game. The effect was unexpectedly good. This gradually improved Xu Bo's position in NetEase. Although he was not an important figure, he was at least a creative planner that could not be ignored.

Xu Bo's career at NetEase had started off very smoothly. In less than a year, he had received a certain amount of attention. If he had continued to develop, he would have become a middle-level leader of NetEase. However, the sudden rise of Muye Technology had made Xu Bo restless.

Before Makino Technology started making online games, Xu Bo had already realized the amazing advantages of Makino Technology in the field of online games from the ecosystem of Makino Technology. He knew very clearly that once Makino Technology decided to make online games, it would definitely become the best promotion platform in the domestic game market. If Makino Technology happened to have a good online game, it had enough potential to directly promote to the leader of the domestic online game industry.

Because of this, Xu Bo was eager to seize this opportunity. If he could join Makino Technology before Makino Technology started its online game project, if he could use his own strength to gain enough attention from Makino Technology, then he could definitely become an important member when Makino Technology launched online games in the future.

Although NetEase was also very good, compared to Makino Technology, it was not just a little bit worse. Xu Bo was very clear that if he could have the opportunity to become an important member of Makino Technology's future online game project, his career could be developed by leaps and bounds.

Therefore, Xu Bo submitted his resume to Makino Technology and successfully received an invitation for an interview.

It was not easy to travel from Yangcheng to Yanjing for the interview. In order not to delay his work, Xu Bo specially flew to Yanjing for the interview. The price of the ticket was so expensive that his heart was bleeding, but he encouraged himself in his heart. He felt that if he could really join Makino Technology, the price of the ticket was nothing.

On the way to Yanjing, Xu Bo repeatedly rehearsed the script for the interview in his heart. He racked his brains to think of what questions the interviewer might ask him, and then he tried his best to organize the words to answer. In the entire draft in his mind, he had already analyzed Hua Xia's online game market and the future development direction of online games quite thoroughly. He was also very confident that the interviewer of Makino Technology would definitely be convinced by his professional opinion.

However, when Xu Bo arrived in Yanjing with full heart and went to Makino Technology for the interview, he only realized how powerful Makino Technology had become now.

As soon as Xu Bo arrived, he was arranged to go to a reception room to fill out a form and wait for the interviewer to interview him. In the entire reception room, there were more than 20 people filling out forms at the same time.

Xu Bo casually chatted with a few of the interviewees and was first splashed with a pail of cold water. All the interviewees he asked had at least a bachelor's degree from a famous university, and some of them even had a master's degree from a famous university. He had not even gone to university, so the gap was immediately obvious.

The interview that followed was also very different from what Xu Bo had expected. The person who interviewed him was not the leader of the YY gaming department, but the full-time HR officer of Muye Technology. Xu Bo's prepared insights and understanding of the game were suddenly rendered useless. Although he also tried his best to show off his extraordinary understanding of the game to the HR officer who looked younger than him, Xu Bo realized that he had been too idealistic when he saw the blank expression on her face.

At that time, he had a feeling that he might not make it to the second round of the interview.

Although the HR lady who interviewed him smiled and asked him to wait for the notification of the second round of the interview before he left, he still had not received any notification about the second round of the interview after a week had passed. This made him even more certain of his speculation that Makino Technology did not care about a person with a humble background like him. Students who graduated from famous universities in the country were fighting to join Makino Technology. How could a person like him, who did not even have a stepping stone, stand a chance?

Xu Bo was indignant. In order to go to Makino Technology for the interview, he had spent a month's salary on the round-trip plane ticket, but he did not even get to meet a single leader of the gaming department. This was really a failure.

However, although he felt that he had failed, he still accepted the result. He made up his mind to work hard at NetEase in the future. He did not have a good education, so he had to work hard at NetEase to get a good experience.

What he did not expect was that after he unwillingly accepted his failure, the HR of Makino Technology suddenly sent him an email. The email invited him to attend the second round of the interview at Makino Technology on the weekend, and asked him to reply with his ID number, date of his intention to go to Yanjing, and the flight number. Makino Technology would buy his plane ticket and provide accommodation in a hotel near the company.

When he received the email, Xu Bo was so excited that he almost slammed the table and stood up. The indignation that he had suppressed just now suddenly exploded again. He felt that he must bring out his best in the second round of the interview. No matter what, he had to seize this hard-won opportunity!

…