Chapter 344

Su Yingxue felt that her aunt's attitude was a bit strange. There were several times when she wanted to say something but stopped. It was very different from her usual fiery and straightforward personality.

Her aunt's abnormality made Su Yingxue's heart more or less perturbed.

If her aunt believed her lies, then she wasn't afraid that her aunt would be angry at her lies. She could obediently admit her mistake and promise not to do it again. This matter would definitely be over.

On the other hand, if her aunt didn't believe her, then it would be a bit troublesome.

Now looking at her aunt's abnormal attitude, Su Yingxue felt that she might really not believe her lies.

If that was the case, Su Yingxue's heart was uncertain.

Her cousin was already asleep. She wanted to find someone to ask about the situation, but there was no one. In desperation, she could only follow her aunt's words and go take a shower first.

Su Yingxue muttered to her husband for a while, then drove him back to the bedroom. She went to the guest bedroom that was prepared for Su Yingxue. She leaned against the headboard and laid down, waiting for Su Yingxue to come back from the shower so that she could have a chat with her.

Su Yuehua's house was a 150 square meter four-bedroom apartment. It was considered very luxurious in Yanjing. Usually, she and her husband lived in the master bedroom, and her daughter Wang Xinran lived in the second bedroom. The remaining two bedrooms were used as a guest bedroom and a study. After Su Yingxue came to Yanjing, the other guest bedroom became her exclusive bedroom. Su Yuehua was a university student in the 1980s.

After graduation, she stayed in Yanjing for many years. She became an office director in a public institution. Although her income was considerable, it was not high in the civil service system of Yanjing for more than ten years. However, her husband Wang Shaohua's family was well-off. He was born and raised in Yanjing and was the only son in the family. His family took good care of him. In addition, his old father worked in the municipal office a few years ago. Before he retired, he got Wang Shaohua to the construction committee and through his connections, he was promoted to the position of deputy division level investigator. Wang Shaohua was also appreciated by Cao Jian, the director of the construction committee. In a year or two, he was going to be promoted again. At that time, his voice in the construction committee would be much stronger than now.

In the Su family, Su Weimin was doing the best. Du Cheng, the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, had been transferred back to the provincial office. Su Weimin had just taken office. His rank and real power were much stronger than Su Yuehua's. However, in terms of the strength of a single family, Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua's family were much stronger than Su Weimin's family. The construction committee that Wang Shaohua worked in was a popular department with a lot of benefits. Although his position was not high, there were people at the top, so his income was very considerable.

However, Su Yuehua was not arrogant because of this. She had already combined her own experience with Su Yingxue's parents to outline a perfect composition for her future.

Su Yuehua hoped that Su Yingxue would be able to finish her undergraduate studies at the National People's Congress. After getting her degree, she would go abroad to study at a top university and then come back to Yanjing. At that time, she would find a local partner for her. With Su Yingxue's excellent conditions, she would definitely be able to find a rich second generation or third generation with a good family in Yanjing. In this way, she would be able to quickly settle down in Yanjing. She could even set up a direct line for her father who was far away in Haizhou to Yanjing. She believed in her second brother, Su Weimin, as long as he was given the opportunity, he would definitely be able to seize it.

It was because she had already made a life plan for Su Yingxue that Su Yuehua was quite worried about today's matter. Before, Su Yingxue had been unconsciously following the path planned by her family. However, if there was a deviation in the middle, she didn't know if she could still be saved.

Su Yingxue also felt that something was not quite right. While taking a shower, she was still repeatedly pondering over what her aunt was doing.

After taking a shower, she received a text message on her phone. Li Mu had arrived home safely. He sent her a message: "Baby, I'm home. Don't worry."

Su Yingxue quickly replied: "Then go to bed early. I won't send you a message later. Aunt wants to sleep with me tonight. It seems that she has something to say to me."

Li Mu replied: "Okay, you go to bed early too."

Su Yingxue took her phone into the bedroom. Su Yuehua was lying against the headboard. Seeing her come in, she pretended to be curious and asked her: "Yingxue, someone sent you a message so late at night?"

Su Yingxue nodded: "A classmate."

Su Yuehua didn't ask much. She smiled and said: "The last time I slept on the same bed with you, you were just in elementary school. In the blink of an eye, you've grown into a big girl."

Su Yingxue smiled and said: "In the past few years when I came to Yanjing during the holidays, Xinran would stick to me and sleep with her."

Su Yuehua said: "Yes, Xinran is the one who sticks to you the most. Since junior high school, she has completely regarded you as her life role model. As her sister, you have to set a good example for her."

Su Yingxue grunted and went around to the other side of the bed to get under the covers. However, she didn't rush to lie down. Instead, she leaned against the headboard like her aunt.

Su Yuehua looked at Su Yingxue and asked tentatively: "Yingxue, it's been almost half a year since you came to Yanjing to study. Do you feel comfortable?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said: "It's pretty good. University life is easier to adapt than I thought."

"That's good."

Su Yuehua smiled, but she was struggling in her heart. She didn't know how to bring up the topic she wanted to ask. She understood Su Yingxue's personality very well. She was obedient and sensible, but she wasn't the kind of child who didn't have a mind of her own and only listened to the orders of her elders. On the contrary, she had always been a girl with her own ideas. Sometimes, if she wanted to be stubborn, no ordinary person would be able to hold her back. So, to talk about this kind of topic with her, she had to find a breakthrough point gradually.

After thinking about it, Su Yuehua asked her tentatively: "In school, there should be a lot of boys chasing after you, right?"

Su Yingxue smiled faintly and said: "Actually, in school, most girls have someone chasing after them."

Su Yuehua smiled and said: "These young boys who just entered university are like wild horses without the supervision of their parents. You have to be vigilant towards the boys in school."

Su Yingxue smiled noncommittally. Su Yuehua asked again: "Do you have a good impression of a boy right now?"

Su Yingxue listened and hesitated for a moment. She didn't know how to answer her aunt's question. It seemed that her aunt's conversation had a deeper meaning, and it also gave Su Yingxue a clue in her heart: perhaps what she wanted to ask the most was whether she had a boyfriend right now?

Su Yingxue pursed her lips. She wanted to directly answer her aunt that she didn't have a boyfriend, but when she thought about the series of abnormalities tonight, she felt that her aunt must have found some clues. Otherwise, she wouldn't have spent so much effort to sleep in the same bed as her and discuss this kind of topic with her.

So, she didn't hide it too much. After thinking for a moment, she gently nodded: "There is one."

Su Yuehua suddenly perked up and asked her: "Is it from your school or from the outside world?"

Su Yingxue said: "From school."

Su Yuehua frowned slightly.

She didn't quite believe Su Yingxue's words. Although the boy looked to be about the same age as her, he had a car at such a young age. This shouldn't be the style of a college student. Even if his family had some money, it was unlikely that he would buy a car for a child who was still in school. No matter how you looked at it, it seemed like he was from the outside world.

Su Yuehua didn't know how to beat around the bush. After beating around the bush for the whole night, she was almost anxious. In a hurry, she held Su Yingxue's hand and solemnly asked her: "Yingxue, tell me the truth. Are you in love?"

Su Yingxue looked into her eyes. There was nervousness in her eyes, and there seemed to be some disappointment. Su Yingxue's intuition told her that her aunt must have known.

Perhaps she had heard about Li Mu's public confession at school, or perhaps she had seen her and Li Mu together on some occasion. Although she didn't know how she knew, Su Yingxue was sure that she must have known. That was why she went through so much trouble to ask her.

So, Su Yingxue didn't hide it. She nodded and said seriously: "Yes."

Su Yuehua asked: "What does he do?"

"My classmate …"

"Which year?

How old is he? "

"He's the same year as me. He's been with me for a year."

"He's not even twenty yet, and his family already bought him a car?"

Su Yingxue was impatient. Once she said this, Su Yuehua understood everything.

Su Yuehua also realized that she had said too much, but since she had already said it, she didn't care anymore. She said to Su Yingxue: "Your uncle met you tonight."

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and asked in a low voice: "At Winston, right?"

"Yes."

Su Yuehua sat up straight and looked at Su Yingxue: "Tell your aunt the truth. What does that kid do?"

Su Yingxue said honestly: "He really is my classmate. We were in the same class when we were in the first year of high school. Later, we were admitted to the National People's Congress together."

After hearing this, Su Yuehua slapped her forehead: "He's the Li Mu that your dad mentioned?!"

Su Yingxue nodded: "That's him."

Su Yuehua looked distressed and said: "Your dad even specifically told me about this kid. When you came to school, your dad was most worried about him …"

Su Yingxue couldn't help but mutter: "Why is my dad worried about him?"

Su Yuehua sighed: "He was worried that the kid would kidnap you!

I didn't expect it to be true!

Tell your aunt, what stage are you and that kid at? "

Su Yingxue lowered her head awkwardly: "What stage …"

Su Yuehua said: "You drove away with him in the middle of the night and didn't go back to the dorm. Are you two planning to stay out?"

Su Yingxue nodded lightly and explained: "The main thing is that he drank a little too much tonight, so I wanted to stay and take care of him …"

"Drank a little too much?" Su Yuehua couldn't help but reprimand: "You actually believe this kind of trick to trick a kid?"

Su Yingxue said: "I accompanied him to dinner tonight. He really drank a lot."