Chapter 336

Under Su Yingxue's twisted waist, Li Mu surrendered.

In the end, he didn't have the guts to do it. He could only use his big hands to evaluate through the clothes and didn't dare to go further.

Su Yingxue was only open to Li Mu. She was not deliberately reserved. She just felt that as a good girl, she should be responsible for herself. Li Mu could keep attacking her psychological and physical defenses, and she could keep retreating, but she had to grasp the rhythm, retreat bit by bit, and give up territory to the other party bit by bit. She must not appear to be defeated at the first touch.

Li Mu held Su Yingxue in his arms and closed his eyes for a while. At 9: 30, the two of them went out. Li Mu sent Su Yingxue back to the dormitory. Before they parted, they whispered sweet nothings to each other for more than ten minutes before Su Yingxue reluctantly went upstairs. Li Mu returned to Yucheng Garden to get his car and went straight to the Capital Airport.

Lin Ching-ah, who helped him win Miracle MU with a 10% share, was back. Li Mu said that he would pick her up, so he naturally couldn't go back on his word.

The car drove to the airport, and after waiting for a while, Lin Qingya's flight arrived at Beijing. By the time Li Mu picked her up, her face was already filled with fatigue. The few days spent in Korea had truly been a tiring journey for her, and she hadn't been able to rest at all.

Sitting in the passenger seat of the GL8, Lin Ching-ah was most concerned about how Li Mu was going to deal with the QQ Fishery that was going to be launched tomorrow.

Hearing her question, Li Mu smiled and said, "There are three things we can do now."

"First, improve our competitiveness in the game. We will choose the opportunity to launch some new functions and game sections that have been developed a long time ago after the launch of QQ Fishery tomorrow."

"Second, our Internet Water Army is ready to deal with the online public opinion war in Teng Xun."

"Third, we are ready to guide the public opinion. When the time is right, we will bite back at them."

Lin Ching-ah asked in surprise, "Aren't we going to sue them?"

"Sue?" Li Mu frowned.

"Yeah!"

Lin Qingya immediately perked up and retorted angrily, "If QQ Fisheries is really like what the rumors say, that they completely plagiarized our Happy Farm, then we can sue them for copyright infringement!"

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "It's useless to sue them. The law hasn't reached this point yet, so there's nothing we can do even if we sue them. Look at the domestic Internet companies now. Which one of them isn't imitating others?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "But we can't let them copy us so easily, right?

If that's the case, who knows how many companies will imitate our products in the future. "

Li Mu said, "Before the country's relevant laws are introduced, there's no need to sue when encountering this kind of thing."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "Then what should we do?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Just try to kill them."

Although Lin Qingya was still a little worried about Li Mu's casual manner of speaking, she subconsciously felt that he was much more manly than before. A young man with such great charisma and energy hidden within his body. Although this was a little surprising, the reason why she admired and liked him in her heart was also because of these strong points of his.

So Lin Ching-ah smiled sweetly and said, "Li Zong, I believe you can definitely lead us to defeat QQ Fisheries!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Defeating QQ Fisheries is only the first step. There will be more exciting things in the future. Since they are so insidious, we should speed up the launch of YY. Let's try to launch it after the New Year and directly cut off its roots."

Lin Ching-ah blinked. "We can definitely do it!"

Li Mu glanced at her and asked with a smile, "How do you feel about your trip to Korea?"

"Actually, I don't have any special feeling. I just feel that their city is a little more developed than ours."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You mean Korea is more developed than Yan Jing?"

"Yes."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "Except for this, there's nothing else. I didn't have time to learn more about it these two days. If I have a chance to go on a business trip next time, I'll have a good look around."

Li Mu said, "Since Wangchan has signed a contract with us, the two companies will naturally keep in touch in the future. As for the matters on Wangchan's side, leave the small matters to the corresponding people, and you will handle the important matters in the future."

Lin Ching-ah responded and said, "Signing them with a minimum guarantee of five million yuan a year, we won't lose money, will we?"

Li Mu shook his head, smiled confidently, and said, "Believe me, if we make this game, we will definitely make a lot of money."

Lin Ching-ah asked him in surprise, "Li Zong, how much do you think this game can make in a year?"

"One hundred million should be no problem."

Lin Ching-ah asked in surprise, "Can it really be that high?"

"Really."

In Li Mu's memory, the year before Miracle Mu was launched, they lost more than twenty million yuan. In 2003, Miracle Mu was launched, and the company's net profit for that year was close to fifty million yuan. This included the promotion, the team that supported the operation of Miracle Mu, and the hardware services. Roughly speaking, the annual income was definitely tens of millions. He now had far more users than Jiucheng back then, and he had the payment channel, Alipay. Therefore, even without the payment channel's share, he could still greatly reduce the share of offline sales. With more users, the profit margin would be higher, and Miracle Mu's annual income would be more than one hundred million.

If he could make Miracle Mu popular, and then think of a way to suppress the grand Legend of Mir, Miracle Mu's income would probably be even higher.

Since Miracle Mu died in the hands of cheats in his previous life, Li Mu was certain of one thing, and that was to completely block Miracle Mu's cheats from the beginning. At the same time, he could make the Legend of Mir overlord completely free, and let Legend of Mir's cheats run rampant. It wouldn't be long before Legend of Mir's private servers came out. The lifespan of a Legend of Mir was actually not that long.

But when he thought of private servers, Li Mu thought of Miracle Mu. After 2004, a large number of private servers came out, and it was said that like the Legend of Mir's private server, it was because the source code of the game was leaked in Korea. It seemed like he had to make things clear to Wangchan, and he had to take care of his own internal affairs to prevent the source code from being leaked.

Hearing that this game could earn a hundred million in a year, Lin Qingya's entire demeanor underwent a 180-degree reversal. She had been a little listless before, but now, she was so excited that she couldn't even sit still. Her fists were clenched tightly as she said, "This is great! If we can earn a hundred million in a year, then Storm Entertainment will definitely become one of the top companies in the domestic online gaming industry in a year or two!"

Li Mu said, "If I told you that my goal is to make all our company's shells independent and listed, and more than half of them will be listed in the United States, would you believe me?"

Lin Ching-ah was stunned for a moment. She had never even thought about being listed in the domestic market, let alone overseas. And Li Mu's first words were to make all of his companies public. This tone was not small, and in Lin Ching-ah's opinion, it was really ambitious. If it was someone else who said this, Lin Ching-ah might think that the person was very idealistic. But since it was Li Mu who said this, she did not doubt it at all. She had been brainwashed by Li Mu, and basically, she believed whatever Li Mu said.

The car drove to the apartment building where Lin Ching-ah rented. Lin Ching-ah unbuckled her seatbelt, hesitated for a moment, and plucked up her courage to ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, do you want to go upstairs and have a cup of tea?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then said, "I won't go. I'm a little tired. I'll go back and rest. I still have to go to the company tomorrow morning."

Lin Qingya finally mustered up the courage to invite Li Mu upstairs to sit for a while. When she was rejected by him, she was still a little embarrassed. But when she heard that he was tired, she put on a face full of guilt and said, "It's all my fault. Actually, I could have just hailed a cab after getting off the plane. I shouldn't have troubled you …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You're my great hero. Not to mention picking you up at the airport, even if you wanted me to pick you up in Korea, I would be willing. But you, on the other hand, must be tired after working day and night for the past few days. Go back and have a good rest. The company still has a tough battle to fight tomorrow."

Lin Ching-ah nodded, pushed the car door open, and said, "Then I'll go up first."

Li Mu stopped her, "Wait a minute."

Lin Ching-ah turned back to look at Li Mu, and Li Mu asked her, "How's the matter at home?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled bitterly, "It's basically solved."

Li Mu said, "Sometimes you have to learn to refuse, even with the people closest to you."

Lin Ching-ah nodded, then said with a smile, "You don't know the customs where I come from. Fortunately, my brother and I are not that different in age. If I were only 15 or 16 years old now, I'm afraid I would have been married off to exchange for money. It's like that in my place. The idea of valuing men over women is passed down from generation to generation, and it's getting more and more serious."

Li Mu frowned and asked her, "Is it that ridiculous?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Last year, a girl from our village told me that there was a family in our village that borrowed money from everywhere to buy a daughter-in-law kidnapped by human traffickers for their son. In the end, the daughter-in-law was rescued by the police within a year. At that time, the daughter-in-law was pregnant for more than six months. Before she was sent home by the police, she had an abortion at our county hospital. It was a boy. After the wife was sent away by the police, the husband's family of three committed suicide by drinking pesticide. It's all because of the idea of valuing men over women and carrying on the family line."

Li Mu shook his head helplessly and said, "The shares and bonuses of core employees like you will be a lot of income in the future. You have to think more about it."

Lin Ching-ah nodded gratefully, "I know, Li Zong. Don't worry."

Li Mu smiled slightly, "Alright, you can go up now. I'm leaving."

…

The next morning, Li Mu didn't go to school. He drove to Makino Technology before eight o 'clock. When he arrived at the company, it was just past eight o' clock. Li Mu thought that no one would come to the company at nine o 'clock. Unexpectedly, when he arrived at the company, he found that all the people in the technical department of the company were there. Even more than half of the other colleagues in the support department had come.

Everyone knew that today was an important day for Makino Technology, and it was also a tense day. Therefore, everyone spontaneously came to the company in advance and entered a tense state of work as early as possible.

At this moment, Li Mu was moved. It was not easy for a person to make money alone, and it was even more difficult to lead a group of people to make money. It was even more difficult to lead a group of people to make money wholeheartedly. No matter how big the team was, in fact, the team spirit could be summed up in one sentence: the spirit of ownership. If everyone treated the company as their own and worked hard from the heart, the team would definitely be invincible.

Li Mu came to the big office of the technical department. Kong Lingyu had already begun to stare at the data here. Li Mu came to him and asked, "The prop store has been online for 23 hours. How is the situation?"

Kong Lingyu's face was glossy, and he couldn't hide his excitement as he said, "More than four million Alipay users bought a special pack of 0.1 yuan, and more than eight hundred thousand used the SMS payment channel. In 23 hours, the props were sold for 8.7 million!"

Li Mu nodded. "There are more than 10 million users. It's actually not a big deal for more than 8 million on the first day. It's less than one yuan per person. Because today is destined to be a peak, and under normal circumstances, it will go down. Eventually, it will stabilize around a certain amount. By the way, most of the more than 4 million Alipay users should have only bought the special package of 0.1 yuan, right?"

Kong Lingyu nodded and said, "Yes, only Alipay users can enjoy the special package, so 60% of Alipay users only bought the special package of 0.1 yuan. However, the remaining 40% of Alipay users are really amazing. The average amount of spending has reached almost 5 yuan!"

Li Mu said, "Looks like the sales in 24 hours should be able to reach 9 million, but it'll be really difficult to reach 10 million. There's less than an hour left, and it's not the prime time."

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Boss, this is already very impressive. The cost of our game is very low, and the proportion of our paying users is very high!

Although most of the users only spent 10 yuan, as you said, as long as they pay this 10 yuan, as long as they spend the cost of their actions and open up the payment channel of Alipay, they will definitely continue to spend in the future. "

Li Mu said, "That's right, that's why we have to do all kinds of promotions from time to time. The props are zero for us, but for the users, they are good things that can greatly increase the satisfaction of the game. The users may not care about selling the props at the normal price, but once the price is reduced, it will be difficult for the users to control their desire to buy. Eventually, their psychological defenses will collapse, and then they will spend more."

Kong Lingyu nodded repeatedly and said, "By the way, Boss, at 8 o 'clock sharp, Tencent promoted a wave of advertising. They put up a QQ Fishery advertisement banner in every chat dialog box."

Li Mu said, "Open it and take a look."

Kong Lingyu opened his QQ, randomly chose a friend's profile picture, and double-clicked to open the dialog box. A slender banner advertisement with a line of glowing words was written on it, "QQ Fishery will officially be launched at 9: 00 today. To ensure fairness, the game will not set up any chargeable props. Come and raise fish with your QQ friends!"

Behind the words were some of the game's graphics details. There were the ocean, the beach, fishermen carrying fishing nets, and small fish jumping out of the water.