Chapter 1601

Initially, according to Li Mu's request, even if Larry Page appeared on screen in the final broadcast version of the show, he must not mention his actual identity, and only address him as a foreign friend.

However, that was before Li Mu was ready to seize Google's shares, and the two sides were at loggerheads. But now, Google had cut its losses and joined his camp. In this case, there was naturally no need to hide Larry Page's identity.

Therefore, on the TV, when Larry Page sat under a tree with a tired face, a line of subtitles appeared on the screen: "This American friend is Google's founder & CEO, Larry Page …"

Like Zhao Ziqiu, countless viewers were surprised when they saw this line of subtitles.

The first thing that surprised them was that Larry Page, a Silicon Valley mogul with a net worth of billions of US dollars, actually carried a backpack and ran to a mountain village in Hua Xia to look for Li Mu. He did not dress like a billionaire at all, but more like a common backpacker in Western society.

The second thing that surprised them was that Larry Page actually received such treatment in the show. To be precise, he did not receive any treatment at all. He was not even given a stool. He just sat under the tree and watched Li Mu fish …

Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "Why did this Larry Page come all the way to the filming site to look for you?

You don't seem to like him very much. "

Li Mu asked with a smile, "You can even tell?"

"Yeah …" Zhao Ziqiu pointed at Li Mu, who was fishing on the screen, and said, "You didn't even look at him. You only cared about fishing. Under normal circumstances, when a friend comes all the way here, he must definitely give priority to his friend."

Li Mu laughed and said, "At that time, he was not my friend, but my opponent. Now, we are friends."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue, "Well, you are really bad."

On the TV, Larry Page's face was dejected, and he indeed looked quite decadent.

Li Mu felt that it was very interesting.

In his opinion, the pitiful Larry Page in front of the camera was reaping what he sowed. He and the senior management of Google were just a bunch of weak-willed patients.

Initially, he had agreed to cooperate with them in a friendly manner, but in the end, they were so stubborn that they were reluctant to give up more than ten percent of their shares.

In the end, he simply registered a shell company and invited Baidu to put on a show, officially falling out with them. Larry Page could only come all the way here to be tortured, and then obediently took out 30% of his shares to pay his respects. This was a classic example of someone who did not know what was good for him.

He also hoped that this scene of Larry Page could be spread overseas, so that those overseas internet elites could see Larry Page's torturous look, so that they could learn from it.

In the following content, Li Mu's performance in the program was not at all like how a richest man should be.

In his previous life, in "The Life I Look Forward to," the CEO with a net worth of hundreds of millions went to the countryside, and it was obvious that he was completely ignorant of the life in the countryside. However, Li Mu was completely different from him.

Although Li Mu did not grow up in the countryside, his grandparents lived in the countryside, so he often lived in the countryside when he was young. Because of this, he was able to quickly adapt to the countryside life in the Mushroom Hut, and he was even able to use all kinds of life skills in the countryside.

For example, the whole process of Li Mu starting a fire was recorded by the camera.

In the past, including Peng Yuyan and the other guests, they did not have the skills to start a fire and cook in the countryside. In the countryside, the stove would only be lit before cooking every day, and the way to do it was very particular.

Li Mu was particularly skilled in helping Huang Lei start a fire on the television. He took newspapers, dried wheat straws, and corn straws, and then chopped firewood.

When starting a fire, he first stuffed the wheat straws into the stove, then used the newspaper to light the wheat straws and threw them in to ignite them. Then, he threw in the corn straws and pulled the bellows to make the fire burn. At this time, he hurriedly threw in the firewood that was the most difficult to burn. When the wheat straws and corn straws were almost all burned, the firewood had already been ignited and was burning more and more vigorously.

Li Mu's process of starting a fire was very clear, and his operation was also very orderly. He did not panic at all. The subtitles in the post-production marked out the steps of starting a fire on the side, and added a paragraph of text: "Standard demonstration of starting a fire on the stove."

In addition to starting a fire and using the pressurized water well, Li Mu also showed his experience of living in the countryside.

There was a problem with the pressurized water well in the mushroom hut. It could not be pressed out directly. A part of the water had to be poured in first to draw water, and then the water would only come out after a while of pressure. But before this, many guests did not understand this problem. They would come and press it for a while, and when they found that there was no water, they would give up directly. Then, they would look for the permanent guests to report that there was a problem with the pressurized water well.

The audience also knew that the pressurized water well needed to be drawn in for water to come out, so they were used to seeing that every guest was helpless, and then looking for the permanent guests for help.

However, on the television, after Li Mu pressed a few times and found that there was no water, he directly scooped a bowl of water from the bucket next to him. After pouring it in, he pressed a few times, and the water gradually began to gush out.

These subtle details made the audience feel more intimate with Li Mu, and it also made Li Mu more down-to-earth in front of the audience.

When Li Mu led them into the mountains to find cicadas, Li Mu no longer looked like a billionaire on the screen. He was completely a young man from the countryside.

When the audience watched Li Mu lead these guests into the woods with ease, and then skillfully catch the cicadas that had just broken out of the ground one by one, they even thought that Li Mu should be a permanent guest because he was so experienced.

However, most of the audience were more concerned about how this thing should be eaten.

Hua Xia was a vast country with abundant resources. The living habits of people in different places were also different. Although cicadas were found all over the country, not many people ate them.

Some of the audience who were used to eating cicadas felt very intimate when they saw this, but the audience who were not so used to it were also full of shock and curiosity.

Later on, Li Mu took a large pile of cicadas back to wash them, processed them, and then fried them in a pan of oil until they were golden. Many of the audience were fascinated while looking forward to the performance of these guests when they ate the cicadas later.

The classic plot of this kind of plot was that someone or some people refused to eat it at first, but in the end, they gritted their teeth and tried a little bit. In the end, they found that it was very delicious, so they kept eating.

With such a plot, it could basically support an episode of a variety show. If there were a few, then the episode could be said to be very good for the audience.

Just like Wang Jingze in "Metamorphosis", when the audience saw this kind of character, they looked forward to seeing the moment when he gave in. As long as he gave in, everyone would be happy.

Huang Lei did not have much difficulty accepting the cicadas. He directly picked up his chopsticks and ate it. He Wan hesitated a little, but after a few seconds, she also picked up her chopsticks, picked one up, and stuffed it into her mouth.

After the two of them ate it, their evaluation of the cicadas was very high. However, this did not have any positive impact on Peng Yuyan, who was next to them. His eyes were still full of fear when he looked at the cicadas.

Peng Yuyan, a young man who dared not to try it no matter what, plucked up the courage to try one under Li Mu's repeated encouragement. At first, his expression was still extremely painful and fearful until he put the cicada in his mouth. But when he chewed it in his mouth, all his fears and worries disappeared in an instant.

When he smiled and praised the taste of the cicadas with a face full of surprise, all the audience at this moment experienced the long-awaited pleasure. This was the charm of variety shows.

Then, Larry Page from the United States was also forced to do something beyond his ability by Li Mu. The audience was subconsciously full of the same expectations for such a foreigner from the other side of the ocean.

This kind of mentality was not universal, at least in the entire East Asian nation. Whether it was the people of Hua Xia, Japan or Korea, they all paid great attention to the Westerners' evaluation of their country's food. If the Westerners liked Chinese food, the people of Hua Xia would feel very happy. If the Westerners liked to eat sushi, the people of Japan would also feel very happy. It was precisely because of this mentality that the audience was full of expectations for Larry Page's next performance, hoping that he would like this local cuisine of Hua Xia.

Larry Page did not disappoint the audience. At first, he was a little more afraid than Peng Yuyan. When he was forced to bite the bullet and try it, his face looked like it was about to die.

However, when Larry Page really tasted the cicadas, his performance became completely different.

Then, the scene on the TV screen suddenly changed. Peng Yuyan and Larry Page actually took the initiative to fight for the food.

When a foreigner like Larry Page also completed the transformation from fear to acceptance and then to fighting for food, this episode of the show had exceeded the audience's expectations.

Zhao Ziqiu leaned in Li Mu's arms and watched with relish. Even when it was over, she still wanted to watch more. She couldn't help but sigh. "I never thought that a variety show about rural life could be so interesting. Since I watched the first episode of this show, I haven't missed a single episode. It's so interesting."

As she said this, she asked Li Mu, "How did you come up with such a format?"