Chapter 1176

It was ironic. Although "The Last Samurai" was a movie that boasted about the extreme samurai spirit of Japan, the funny thing was that it was not shot in Japan, but in New Zealand.

A large number of the main crew, including Tom Cruise, had lived together in New Zealand for two months.

After a day of shooting, director Edward Zwick asked people to clean up the largest Japanese-style hall and put up a Japanese-style table and mats. In addition to these, the food and drinks for dinner were also standard Japanese food.

There were a total of eight people sitting in front of the table. They were divided into two sides, sitting opposite each other.

On the left side were the members of the director team, including Edward Zwick. There were a total of four people.

On the right side were the main actors, including Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada, and Komuki Kato.

Interestingly, there were a total of three Japanese actors on the scene, but five of them were wearing standard Japanese clothes. The three Japanese actors were naturally three of them, while the other two were director Edward and the male lead, Tom Cruise.

The whole of Hollywood knew that Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise were fans of Japanese culture, so they enjoyed the process of shooting the movie, especially Tom Cruise. He attached great importance to the movie, so much so that he had been preparing for it for two years.

Because they both liked Japanese culture very much, they got along very well with the three Japanese actors, especially Ken Watanabe. Basically, the three of them had dinner together every night. They talked about the shooting of the movie and some topics related to Japanese culture while eating.

The main task of today's shooting was a scene where Watanabe Ken taught Tom Cruise the kendo of Japanese Samurai. Because Tom Cruise had learned kendo for several months in advance, he got the hang of it very quickly. Not only was the shooting very smooth, but the effect was also very good.

Edward Zwick praised Tom Cruise at the dining table and said with a smile, "Tom, your swordsmanship has really opened my eyes. It's really great. I didn't expect you to learn so well in just a few months!"

Tom Cruise nodded with a smile and said, "Don't investors demand excellence? So I started practicing when I was in the United States."

Watanabe Ken could not help but praise, "Tom, you're really a natural-born action movie actor. Your movements, strength, and technique with the wooden sword today were all very good. I've been practicing kendo on and off for more than ten years, but I feel like I'll soon be surpassed by you after a few months of hard work."

Tom Cruise laughed, revealing a row of handsome white teeth, and said humbly, "I'm just a beginner, I'll have to consult Mr. Watanabe in the future."

Tom Cruise said thank you in Japanese.

Watanabe Ken enjoyed this kind of mutual flattery. Just as he was about to say a few polite words, Edward Zwick's cell phone suddenly rang. He hurriedly looked down at the phone and found that it was the CEO of Warner Bros.

Edward Zwick hurriedly picked up the phone and said warmly, "Hi, Mr. Meyer, how are you?"

The warm greeting was met with a furious roar from the other party, "Zwick!

Look at what you've done!

Now the Japanese investors are very angry and want me to give them a reasonable explanation immediately. Tell me, what the hell are you going to do?! "

Edward Zwick asked in confusion, "I'm sorry, Mr. Meyer. I don't understand. What did I do?"

"F * ck!" The other party cursed angrily. "Don't you know?!"

Edward Zwick felt wronged. "I really didn't know..."

The other party immediately began to curse furiously on the other end of the phone. His voice was so loud that Edward Zwick's right ear was ringing. Even Tom Cruise and the other actors and crew members heard the sharp roar. All of them could not help but look at Edward Zwick. They did not make a sound and carefully listened to what the voice on the phone was shouting.

After a while of cursing, the other party seemed to have vented enough. He gritted his teeth and said, "Zwick, the entire script of 'The Last Samurai' has been leaked!

It's all over the Internet now!

You can't even manage your own team well and made such a big mistake. The whole world knows about it, but you still don't know anything!

I give you 48 hours to get back to Hollywood. On the way here, you'd better think about how to solve this problem! "

Edward was dumbfounded, but the other party didn't say a word to him. The phone was hung up violently, leaving Edward sitting there alone.

The others stared at him eagerly. Although they could hear that the CEO was very angry, they didn't hear the whole story clearly, so they all hoped to get an explanation from Edward.

Edward was stunned for a long time, then said with an incredulous face, "Mr. Meyer said that the entire script of our movie has been leaked, and now it's all over the Internet. But how is this possible?

Only our core team knows the real script. Even the second-tier actors only know their own part of the script... "

Tom Cruise, who had been in Hollywood for so many years, knew too well how much damage the leaked script would bring to the movie. He hurriedly said, "Edward, hurry up and get someone to bring a laptop over to check!"

Only then did Edward come back to his senses. He hurriedly nodded and said to the assistant beside him, "Hurry up, get the computer!"

A few minutes later, the assistant rushed to the front with an IBM laptop. The moment the computer was handed to Edward, he couldn't wait to open the screen. When he saw that the computer was not turned on, he pressed the power button and scolded the assistant, "F * cking idiot!

Don't you know to turn on the computer first and then bring it over to save us some time? "

The assistant lowered his eyelids and apologized. Edward didn't have the energy to talk nonsense with him. After the computer turned on and entered the system, he immediately opened Google.

In the search box of Google, he typed the two keywords "The Last Samurai" and "script" with trembling hands. Then, the results of the search made him collapse instantly!

The first page of Google's search results was almost full of news reports from major media outlets!

"The entire plot of Tom Cruise's new movie, The Last Samurai, has been unexpectedly exposed!"

"The script of Warner's new movie, The Last Samurai, has been exposed!"

"140 million USD blockbuster, the script has been exposed before it's even finished shooting!"

There seemed to be only three keywords left on the screen: "The Last Samurai," "Script," "Exposure."

Edward's heart skipped a beat. Not only him, but the others around him were also scared to death.

Then, Edward clicked on one of the links. It was news from a Hollywood media website. Edward quickly scanned the content of the report, looking for clues in the content. Soon, he saw all the content that Li Mu had published in this report!

The others also looked at the part of the script that Li Mu had written word by word with Edward. At first, it was fine, but the more they read, the more shocked they became. Everyone seemed to be under a spell, staring at the screen without moving. Only Edward would subconsciously press the down button after reading it.

When he read half of it, Edward already knew that he was done for!

Everything written in this script was the content of his own script. There was not the slightest deviation in the description of the plot. In fact, it was so accurate that it made people's hair stand on end.

When he finished reading it, his heart was already in despair!

He could already confirm that his script had been 100% leaked. Although the other party had reorganized and described the plot in a new style of writing, there was no deviation in the description of the plot!

"How could this be …"

Edward, who was in despair and pain, tore his hair with all his ten fingers. He could no longer feel the pain in his scalp. Despair made him curl up in front of the computer with his hands on his head, muttering to himself on the verge of collapse, "Why … Why did this happen …"

A 140 million USD blockbuster had been 100% leaked, and the box office would probably be reduced by half. Who would take the blame?

Only himself.

But how could he take the blame himself …

Tom Cruise was also dumbfounded.

Before the movie was finished, the plot had been completely leaked. It was like a rehearsal for a magician's big show. All the magic skills and secrets had already been known to the audience. This kind of blow was fatal!

If this was fabricated, it could only mean that the level of the fabricator was very high. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to write it.

The three Japanese actors' English was not very good, but they managed to figure out the current situation. In their hearts, they were even more desperate than Edward and Tom Cruise.

Because in their eyes, the significance of this movie was extremely great. It was not as simple as a job or a commercial movie. It was like a giant ship that carried Japanese culture and the samurai spirit. It was ready to sail to the rest of the world and spread its culture to the rest of the world. But before the ship could even set sail, it had already suffered a heavy blow …

Edward, who kept repeating in despair, suddenly thought of the CEO's words. He stood up with a start and said incoherently, "Flight, flight!

Hollywood!

Quick!

Hollywood! "

Before the assistant could understand, Edward began to roar at him hysterically, "Flight ticket!

Book a damn flight ticket for me!

I want to go back to Hollywood!

Immediately!

Immediately!

Now!!! "

The assistant came to his senses and couldn't help asking, "Director, if you leave, what about our movie?"

"F * ck the movie!

What's the point of filming now?

All of you stop and wait. I'll go back and ask the CEO to make a decision! "

The assistant hurriedly took out his mobile phone to make a phone call to book a flight ticket. At this time, Edward had already rushed out of the room and ran to his temporary residence.