Chapter 1491

In order to let those stubborn technophiles understand the core of the capital market, Rui-Liu clearly expressed his views on the capital market in his article.

In the capital market, there were only two rules for any transaction: mutual consent, and reasonable and legal.

As long as any transaction met these two conditions, there should be no doubt about it.

Everything that Li Mu did followed the premise of "mutual consent," and "reasonable and legal." Therefore, he could be called open, upright, and upright.

As for the "robbers" and "bandits" in front of the Western technophiles, Rui-Liu said in his article: In the history of the world business, the real "robbers" and "bandits" were not any enterprises or individuals, but some evil countries.

In order to support his argument, Rui-Liu used the two Opium Wars that the imperialist powers led by the United Kingdom launched against Hua Xia from 1840 to 1860 as an actual case study.

In his article, he wrote: "In the first half of the 19th century, in order to reverse the trade deficit with China, the British government openly smuggled opium to Hua Xia. Moreover, because of the Qing government's anti-smoking campaign in Hua Xia, in the 20 years from 1840 to 1860, they openly launched two wars of aggression against Hua Xia. If we use today's legal theory to summarize the actions of the British and other powers back then, it should be: the country produced drugs, the country trafficked drugs, the country armed forces trafficked drugs, and the country armed forces invaded to protect the country from trafficking drugs. I wonder how the elites in Silicon Valley who think that Li Mu is a bandit would view and evaluate this period of history?"

Strictly speaking, the United States was a descendant of the British. Most people were very friendly to the United Kingdom, and even had a strong sense of intimacy. Many Americans believed that their ancestors were the British, or at least the first generation of immigrants from the United Kingdom to North America. Rui-Liu's use of the "Opium Wars" as an argument in his article suddenly stung the hearts of many American elites.

Most Americans basically had no idea what the United Kingdom did to Hua Xia in the early 19th century. Therefore, when they saw this article, their first thought was: Did the United Kingdom really do such a shitty thing as producing and trafficking drugs with the country's armed forces?

Bull-Shit！

I don't believe it at all.

Then, they foolishly Googled and found out that Holy-Shit was really the case!

It was just that in the history books of the West, the war was packaged as a self-defense to bring advanced civilization to the East. It was to protect Christian culture from ignorant violence in China. But if a discerning person looked at that history, they would be able to see the flaws in it. You can defend yourself, but how can you defend yourself and sell opium at the same time?

Therefore, a large number of netizens who opposed and boycotted Li Mu knew that they were in the wrong and tactfully shut their mouths. Only a small number of extremists were still clamoring.

Interestingly, the United States was generally a multi-ethnic country of immigrants. There were a large number of people of Indian descent, African descent, South American descent, and Southeast Asian descent. These people's motherland had been humiliated under the iron hooves of the West for decades and hundreds of years. If one were to really talk about the scars of national history, they were the ones who suffered the most. Therefore, a large number of colonial descendants responded to Rui-Liu's argument, saying:

The crimes of the Great Powers back then were not limited to arming and trafficking drugs. They expanded colonies all over the world, plundered colonial resources, slaughtered colonial people, and committed many heinous crimes. But now, they suddenly put on a suit and tie and suddenly became the most civilized people in the world. Not only that, but the key thing was that the descendants of these people were actually so fragile that they would run out and call the seller a bandit just because they spent a little more money to acquire a company. What the f * ck was this?

A statement made by an Indian descendant in the United Kingdom caused many people to agree with it on the Western Internet. He said:

"Our ancestors were once enslaved by the British for 200 years. They robbed our resources, slept with our women, captured our men to be slaves, and even changed our name. Our country's city, Mumbai, was originally called Mumbai, which was the name of a god in Indian legend. After the British came, they changed Mumbai to Bombay. It wasn't until 1995 that we finally mustered up the courage to change the name back to Mumbai.

But the British never felt that it was a mistake. They did not feel guilty towards the Indians. Instead, they started to discriminate against the Indians in England. They felt that these Indians were occupying their resources and taking away their job opportunities. Last week, when I was on duty at the 711 convenience store where I work, a British man suddenly pointed at me and scolded, 'Go back to India, you damn thief.' I think those Americans who scolded Li Mu as a bandit and the British who scolded me as a thief are probably the same kind of people! "

The descendants of the colonies constantly exposed many crimes that Western civilized countries had committed against their motherland on the Internet. This suddenly caused public opinion to be skewed by the indignant descendants of the colonies. They set off a wave of condemnation of the colonial countries on the Internet. As soon as the radicals who were hostile to Li Mu made their comments, they were immediately attacked by a large number of descendants of the colonies. Because of the huge difference in firepower, these radicals quickly began to quiet down.

No one could be heard calling Li Mu a bandit in the market anymore. And because of these angry descendants of the colonies, Western netizens suddenly crammed the centuries of world colonial history.

Rui-Liu, who had been working in the Wall Street Journal for more than a decade, became famous because of this feature article.

His article caused a huge reaction in the West, and the ones who were most affected were the elites.

The financiers who originally admired Li Mu's operation, after reading this article, praised Li Mu even more. Some people even thought that Li Mu might become the only person in the world who could truly achieve the East-West combination.

The real East-West combination not only catered to the needs of the Eastern and Western people, but also compatible with Eastern and Western culture, ideas, and values. In the world of business today, besides Li Mu, there was no second person who met these conditions.

As for those who originally regarded Li Mu as a robber and a bandit, they suddenly understood that there was no right or wrong in the capital market, only pros and cons.

This article also suddenly opened the curiosity of Wall Street and Silicon Valley about Eastern philosophy. For a long time, Eastern philosophy had not been recognized by the West because there was no real system. The ideas of the Hundred Schools of Thought were also not included in the scope of philosophy in the West because of their strong political overtones. But this time, the Western financial community and high-tech talents had begun to study Eastern military philosophy, and it even became a hot topic of discussion among high-end talents.

The two Chinese words "conspiracy" and "overt conspiracy" had also become the core of research and discussion among Western elites. The reason why these two words became popular was largely due to the Westerners' familiarity with the "Yin and Yang" theory.

…

After hearing about the series of discussions around him in the Western society, Li Mu published a short short article on his personal blog:

"Talents in the business field always constantly emphasize all kinds of costs, direct costs, indirect costs, visible costs, and invisible costs, and even intangible costs of risk, stress, and spiritual costs … What top financial experts are best at doing is using complex arithmetic problems to fool the public, making the public think that something that costs one cent to sell for ten dollars is not because the capitalist is greedy, but because it is worth the price itself.

Similarly, Microsoft will never think that the price of Windows is too high, even if it has earned a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars. And Hua Xia's small traders will always make money under the fixed self-label of "not making money" and "selling at a loss."

For myself, my first driving force in the business field is to make money; my second driving force is to make more money. There is no need to hide this.

In my opinion, Hua Xia's ancestors are the wisest. Sima Qian once pointed out the essence of all human business activities in a hundred years before Christ: All the hustle and bustle in the world is for profit, and all the hustle and bustle in the world is for profit. "

After this article was published on the YY blog, it received tens of thousands of likes and over ten thousand comments in just a few hours. Hua Xia's netizens were very respectful of Li Mu's frank self-confession. In this day and age, no entrepreneur would admit in public that they were doing business for the sake of making money. Some of them were doing business to revitalize national brands, some were doing it to promote national culture, some were doing it to improve the status of Hua Xia's manufacturing in the world, and some were doing it to develop local high-tech industries. Even the real estate developers who jacked up housing prices said that they were doing it for the people to live in better housing.

Li Mu was the only exception. In this era where all entrepreneurs had to put a higher pursuit on the goal of making money, he frankly stated that the purpose of running a business was to make money. Apart from making money, everything else was nonsense.

To revitalize national brands, you must first make money. To promote national culture, you must first make money. Most of the enterprises that relied on their mouths to promote national brands and national culture were taking advantage of the consumers' national sentiments.

What if my Coke can't beat Coca-Cola?

My fellow countrymen, come and drink a bottle of Hua Xia's own Coke …

It's just a bottle of Coke. Is it really necessary to elevate it to the level of national sentiments?

Of course not for ordinary consumers. But for entrepreneurs, the answer was unquestionable.

Soon, Li Mu's 300-word blog post became popular all over the world. Even Western citizens specially went to his blog to like and leave comments. Even in Wall Street and Silicon Valley, where there were many elites, few entrepreneurs could be as calm as Li Mu. The big shots of Wall Street and Silicon Valley, the entrepreneurs of Hua Xia, and even the entrepreneurs of the world were the same. They all wanted to fish for fame and reputation while making money. It was as if among the top tycoons in the world, only Li Mu was doing it for the sake of making money. The rest of the tycoons were not interested in making money. It was easy to tell who was real and who was fake.

Along with Li Mu's blog post, which became popular all over the world, was Sima Qian's sentence: All the hustle and bustle of the world is for the sake of profit.