Chapter 91

"Li Bai" was sweeping the major radio stations with great popularity. At the same time, on the internet forums of Haizhou, Jinling, and Pengcheng, the topic of Guo Lin's corruption and keeping Zhao Lina as his mistress was also heating up. However, Li Mu always felt that the current momentum was far from the effect he wanted.

Although Guo Lin had been severely criticized on the internet, it was only a matter of his style. Guo Lin's real problem was taking bribes and bending the law. Only by finding concrete evidence could he solve this problem once and for all.

On the fifth day of Xue Guilan's detention, there was still no movement from the higher-ups of Pengcheng's mining group. They didn't even investigate Guo Lin's style.

For the past five days, Guo Lin had been operating in the dark. He gave his old leader, Han Lu, a million dollars in cash and took out the three properties he bought in Pengcheng. He asked Han Lu to help him with the higher-ups.

Five days passed, and the group didn't investigate him. Guo Lin slowly calmed down from his uneasiness. He realized that he had Han Lu's help and was not in real danger. The only problem he had to solve now was Zhao Lina's lawsuit against his wife.

Guo Lin didn't go to the detention center to pick up his wife. Instead, he asked his brother-in-law to do it for him. He made an hour-long phone call to Zhao Lina.

Zhao Lina didn't dare to see Guo Lin again. Guo Lin also knew that their relationship had come to an end, so he openly asked Zhao Lina how to give up on suing Xue Guilan.

Zhao Lina said that she didn't have the face to stay in Haizhou anymore. She had to move to a new city and start all over again. Therefore, she would only give up the lawsuit if she asked for a million dollars.

Guo Lin hesitated for a moment, then agreed. One million to settle this matter. Zhao Lina would go far away, and he would not have to worry about her anymore. After she left, if anyone wanted to use this matter to make trouble for him in the future, they would have no evidence to back it up.

At the same time, after staying in the detention center for five days, Xue Guilan slowly came to understand that she had been thoughtless when she went to beat up Zhao Lina, especially since it had put her husband in great danger. At a time like this, the two of them should work together to fight off the wind wolves.

Guo Lin had spent more than two million in cash and a few properties. Xue Guilan's heart was bleeding when she found out about it, especially the b * tch who seduced her husband. She had only beaten him up, but he had asked for one million in compensation. This was simply too much.

But thinking about it, it was also a good thing. Giving her a million yuan to get lost was much better than letting her be her husband's secret lover.

The next day, Zhao Lina received the one million yuan she had been dreaming of. She went to the public security organ and made it clear that she had given up any investigation against Xue Guilan. This news was published on the Internet as early as 10 o 'clock in the morning. Then, at 11 o' clock, a netizen suspected to be an insider of the Education Bureau posted that Zhao Lina had resigned and was ready to leave Haizhou.

Guo Lin sent Zhao Lina away, stabilized his wife, and controlled the development of the situation. After so many days of suffering, he could finally breathe a sigh of relief. But what he did not know was that Li Mu was still eyeing him in the dark, like a hunter staring at his prey in the dark, waiting for the opportunity to kill him with one strike.

…

The day before the first round of Simple Plan's finals, Easy Listening released their second song, "Sunflower". At the same time, Li Mu also released a second song, "When You Are Old", under the name of Mu Zi.

Because Simple Plan was already quite popular on the Internet, once the song "Sunflower" was released, it directly became popular both online and offline. "Li Bai" had just reached the top of the music charts of several major radio stations, and "Sunflower", with a full inspirational gimmick, followed closely behind and rushed up all at once.

The success of these two songs made Simple Plan understood by the audience all over the country. The analysis of the user data of Easy Listening showed that when the website was first launched, 80% of the users in Nansu Province were from the province. Now, the users in the province and the users outside the province were equal.

Li Mu believed that with the start of the finals, the proportion of users outside the province would soon exceed that of the province. At that time, Easy Listening would also usher in a wave of traffic peak.

Simple Plan's songs had reached millions of views, but the number of views of Mu Zi's song was pitifully low. Li Mu did not care too much about it, but what he did not know was that the song "Zebra Zebra" had begun to become popular among the college students.

At ten o 'clock in the evening of the finals, Li Mu received a call from the four members of Simple Plan from Beijing. The four of them won first place in the first round of the finals with the song "Old Boys". They were so excited that they went crazy.

Zhang Kexuan was excited and immediately called Li Mu. He asked in a hurry, "The finals are on August 15th, there's still a week left. Mu Ge, have you prepared our next song for us?"

"Yes, I'll give it to you when you come back."

The four of them said in unison, "What's the name of the next song?"

Li Mu smiled and said casually, "Fly Higher."

…

Li Mu successfully passed the test. Although Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue slightly bumped into the bar during the test, the invigilator just waved his hand and let them pass. Overall, the difficulty of this year's driving test was only one-fifteenth of what it would be fifteen years later.

That afternoon, the four members of Simple Plan returned to Jinling. They did not have time to celebrate their victory in the first round of the finals with their families. Instead, they drove straight to Li Mu's house.

Li Mu had already prepared the lyrics and chord score for "Fly Higher" for them. In front of the four of them, he sang "Fly Higher" a few times and gave a general idea of the arrangement.

The style of this song was enough to be called majestic. In terms of arrangement, the prelude of the original song was too long with synthesizer keyboard foreshadowing. Simple Plan did not have a keyboard player, but it did not matter. Li Mu suggested to find a professional keyboard player to record the accompaniment and add appropriate string music to the climax of the chorus.

During a live performance, the recorded instrumental accompaniment coupled with the live accompaniment and singing of the band could produce excellent results. This practice could be seen in many band concerts.

After the arrangement was explained, the four of them took notes and imagined the effect of Li Mu's arrangement. They were all happy and amazed.

Li Mu told the four of them to continue to strengthen the public relations of the radio station. Now "Li Bai" and "Sunflower" were both on the charts, especially "Li Bai" which had been at the top for a few days. Some music critics said that this song had the potential to become one of the top ten songs of the year. However, in Li Mu's view, "Old Boys" and "Fly Higher" were also the main highlights of the charts.

The four songs were gradually released according to the rhythm of the band competition. If the radio station operated well, with a simple plan, the four songs could reach the top of the major music charts. It was very likely that after this summer vacation, they would become popular all over the country.

The success of the final in Yan Jing made the four of them worship Li Mu as a god in their hearts. The four of them gave Li Mu 200,000 yuan as the cost of buying the songs. They also gave Li Mu 100,000 yuan as the promotion fee for the next stage. Li Mu didn't take the 200,000 yuan and only took 100,000 yuan as the promotion fee.

Zhang Kexuan and Ye Tianming tried to persuade Li Mu to accept the 200,000 yuan. Li Mu waved his hand and said, "I'm not short of money now. After opening the store, I still have some left. You have always been in charge of the Easy Listening Network's funds. So don't ask me for the money for these two songs. It's too polite."

The two of them still wanted to insist, but Li Mu changed the topic and asked Zhang Kexuan, "Has Sister Wan contacted you recently?"

"She called me before the competition."

Li Mu said, "It's strange. Why hasn't she contacted me these days?"

Zhang Kexuan asked, "Did you take the initiative to contact her?"

Li Mu said frankly, "No, I also have a lot of things to do recently."

Zhang Kexuan gave Li Mu a supercilious look and said, "That's it."

After that, he continued, "I heard from Lil Wan that she's been quite busy recently, but she did ask me about you. She even asked me if I tried to invite you to Yan Jing. I told her that I did, but you were too busy, so she didn't ask more."

Li Mu nodded. He was really busy some time ago, and because of Guo Lin's intention to frame his father, he had been a little nervous. In the past few days, Zhao Kang was almost the only person he really contacted. Other people, including his parents, Chen Wan and even Su Yingxue, Li Mu didn't take the initiative to contact them.

After the four of them left, Li Mu called his parents. Their training was already more than half over, and it was about to end soon. From the phone, it sounded like the three of them were in a very good mood. It seemed that accepting some new things was also very good for them.

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu still wanted to call Chen Wan, but he didn't expect to receive a text from her as if their hearts were connected.

"Bad boy, what are you doing?"

"I miss you."

"Don't be serious."

"It's true. I was just about to call you, and then your text came."

"You really miss Sister?"

"Really!"

"Sister misses you too …"

The two of them cared about each other in the text for a while, and the most extensive content of the conversation was the word "miss you". The two of them also had a tacit understanding and didn't go further.