Chapter 1253

Letting Ning Hao be the assistant director of Flying Tigers was a kind of compensation from Li Mu to Ning Hao. As he said, people in the national film and television circle, except those who wanted to show off first, basically wanted to join the crew of this movie. This project was indeed a great opportunity to learn, get gilded, and become famous overnight. Such an opportunity, there was no doubt that he had to arrange it for Ning Hao.

Ning Hao was also very grateful to Li Mu for taking care of him. From an unknown newcomer to being chosen by Li Mu, he followed Li Mu step by step to where he was today. All the promises Li Mu made to him almost doubled. Although the release of Crazy Stone was delayed, he didn't blame Li Mu at all. He knew that Li Mu must have his reasons for doing so.

Now, Li Mu provided such a good opportunity for him, which made Ning Hao more determined to follow him to the end. Before he was ready to be a boss, there was nothing luckier than finding a good boss.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "There is a third thing. Tell Huang Bo and Tang Wei that I have arranged two supporting roles for them. Huang Bo will play a local farmer, Hua Xia, and Tang Wei will play a nurse, Hua Xia."

Both of them were contracted actors of Makino Image. Such a good opportunity naturally couldn't be taken advantage of by outsiders. Huang Bo's farmer image in Bullfighting was very deep. With his acting skills, it would be very good to play a farmer in Flying Tigers, and Tang Wei was also very suitable for the role of a nurse. Li Mu was also very confident in her.

In addition to the two of them, Li Mu also planned to arrange a role for Su Yingxue's cousin, Wang Xinran. Wang Xinran was studying at the Film Academy. She had acted in "Those Years" before, and her performance in it was remarkable. Moreover, the box office of "Those Years" had set a new record in the domestic box office, which had given her a certain degree of fame. It was better to strike the iron while it was hot and give her a better chance.

When Ning Hao heard that Huang Bo was going to be a farmer, he immediately clapped his hands and said, "Boss, Huang Bo's acting as a farmer is really amazing. No matter what kind of farmer he is, I think he will be able to act as himself!"

Li Mu laughed, "Are you mocking him or praising him?"

Ning Hao laughed and said, "Half praise and half sarcasm!

However, he is indeed suitable for the role of a farmer! "

Li Mu nodded and said, "There is a more important matter, which is the choice of the male lead role of Hua Xia. I have a rough idea now. Please give me some advice."

Ning Hao immediately sat up straight and asked curiously, "Boss, who are you leaning towards for this role?"

For the film "Flying Tigers", the most important actors among the Hua Xia actors were the male lead and the female lead. Ning Hao was very clear about Li Mu's preference for Du Wei, so Li Mu had already decided for her to play the female lead role. It was impossible for anyone else to have any competition, so the male lead role had become the biggest mystery for Ning Hao. He especially wanted to know who Li Mu would choose to play the male lead based on his vision and requirements.

However, one thing was certain. No matter who was chosen by Li Mu to play this role, for that actor, he had hit the jackpot!

It would definitely make all the male actors in the film and television industry go crazy with envy …

Under Ning Hao's expectant gaze, Li Mu smiled and said, "An actor called Liu Ye, have you heard of him?"

"Liu Ye?" Ning Hao frowned slightly. "I can't think of it. I don't have any impression."

As he spoke, Ning Hao asked nervously, "Boss, are you looking for a newcomer to act in this film?"

Ning Hao didn't say the second half of the sentence. He felt that the Hollywood lineup in "Flying Tigers" was extremely strong. If Hua Xia didn't have a few amazing actors to hold the fort, when the film was released, the acting skills of Hua Xia's actors were likely to be crushed by the Hollywood actors.

Li Mu saw that he was a little worried. After thinking about it carefully, he knew what he was worried about, so he said, "Liu Ye is not a newcomer. He acted in" That Mountain, That Man, That Dog "a few years ago. Do you have any impression of it?"

"Oh, it's him!"

Ning Hao hurriedly nodded and said, "I know him. He's from the Chinese Academy of Drama. I just don't remember his name."

Ning Hao tilted his head and thought for a long time, then said, "This young man's acting skills are not bad. He can be considered first class among the young actors, but he's still a little immature. Boss, look, Du Wei is very young, Huang Bo and Tang Wei are also very young, and with Liu Ye, how can they act together with the Hollywood actors? Not to mention Tom Hanks, just Leonardo alone is enough to crush them. When the time comes, if our acting skills can't suppress them, then it will look a little awkward."

Li Mu nodded, "That's a problem. Even if the acting skills of the young actors are good, they will definitely be a lot weaker. Also, if they act together with the Hollywood actors, their aura will also be suppressed …"

Thinking of this, Li Mu said, "We can invite old actors like Chen Baoguo, Wang Zhiwen, and Chen Daoming to play the roles of the military officers. The old actors' acting skills are still very good. Let them act together with Tom Hanks. As for the young actors, this movie will take a long time, so we can only force them to speed up their growth during this time."

Ning Hao sighed softly and asked him, "Boss, this is more or less a little risky. Are you really not going to consider the Taiwanese and Taiwanese actors?"

Li Mu shook his head, "I'm not going to consider it. Not to mention other things, just the accent alone is a big problem. This movie needs to be recorded at the same time. Who can do this?

I don't want the Hua Xia Flying Tigers in the movie to speak with a Taiwanese and Taiwanese accent when they take off for battle … "

Ning Hao was stunned, then said helplessly, "This is indeed a big problem. There are not many people suitable for this role, and they also need to speak Mandarin fluently. There are really no suitable candidates."

Then, Ning Hao said, "But Liu Ye is also not bad. If this kid can work hard and seize this opportunity, I think it's also okay. His acting skills, image, temperament, and voice are more in line with the requirements of this role. The only problem is that he is a little bit lacking."

"Mmm."

Li Mu nodded and said, "For the time being, I can't find anyone more suitable than him. Help me arrange a time to meet with him. If he is willing to play this role, I want him to first terminate his contract with his current agency and then sign with Muye Impression."

"Okay." Ning Hao said, "I'll get someone to contact him right now."

…

Liu Ye's life had been very fulfilling recently. For a young actor who had just graduated from school a few years ago, the past few years could be said to be very smooth sailing for him. Before he graduated, he acted in "That Mountain, That Man, That Dog". Right after he graduated, he acted in "Blue Universe", which was followed by a Golden Horse Award for Best Actor. Last year, he acted in "Balzac and the Little Tailor", which was even nominated for a Golden Globe Award.

These three movies had a certain degree of training for Liu Ye's acting skills, but the awkward thing was that these three movies were not commercial films, so his domestic popularity had not reached the height that a Golden Horse Award Winner should have. Fortunately, he had just accepted a role in director Zhao Baogang's Haiyan drama "What Will I Save You, My Lover". The TV series was currently in the air. Although the movie was not popular, the TV series was. This also gave him a lot of activities and offers, and he had the potential to become an instant hit.

Liu Ye's management company called him to the company today and gave him a script. A famous domestic photographer was preparing to change his career to become a director and was preparing to shoot an artistic film about educated youth. He hoped that Liu Ye could act as the male lead.

The management company was actually not very interested in this movie. They just routinely showed the script to Liu Ye so that he could understand it in advance. But from the company's point of view, they still hoped that he could take on a commercial film. His first three movies were all artistic films, which were good but not popular. Some of the more rash things were not liked by the general public. Originally, the company was worried that his artistic film image and position would be deeply ingrained and affect his future development. Fortunately, a TV series had finally made him popular, so the company hoped that he would strike while the iron was hot and shoot a commercial film that had the potential to be a hit.

However, Liu Ye himself really wanted to take on this movie. Although he was a rather hardworking actor, he was not very good at judging prospects. He only felt that the theme of this movie was quite deep, and he liked this kind of character with a certain depth.

When his manager, Wang Lan, saw that Liu Ye had the intention to take on the role after reading the script, she hurriedly persuaded him, "This movie won't start shooting for a while, don't be in a hurry to agree to it. Recently, the company has been thinking of giving you a commercial film. Hurry up and change your acting path. If you keep acting in artistic films, you won't be able to make a name for yourself in the film industry."

Hua Xia's film industry was still far from being commercialized. There was very little room for the box office market. But it was precisely this kind of situation that gave the manager a stronger sense of business. Because if the market was good, they could casually shine shoes and make a living. But if the industry wasn't good, and they didn't have the ability to snatch food from the dog's mouth, they would starve to death.

These days, the budget for artistic films was pitifully low, and the lead actor's salary was also frighteningly low. Working tirelessly for a few months and receiving a pre-tax salary of tens of thousands was honestly not enough for the company to worry about. And the most important thing was that to rely on this kind of movie to make a name for oneself was really far away.

Many artistic film directors would usually pull in a million or so to shoot a movie, hoping to send it to an overseas film festival to win an award, and then raise their value. Most of the time, such a movie might not even make it to the f * * king cinemas. If an actor acted in such a movie too many times, it would slowly ruin his or her career prospects.

Liu Ye saw that his manager was against it, so he smiled and said, "Anyway, there aren't any good commercial films to start shooting right now. If this movie can start shooting in the first half of the year, it will almost be finished by the end of the year. Wouldn't it be fine if we start shooting commercial films next year?"

Wang Lan sighed softly. "Yeah, there aren't any good commercial films recently. 'Flying Tigers' is about to start shooting. With this unprecedented blockbuster here, there really isn't anyone in the country who dares to start shooting a new film at the same time as it …"

Liu Ye also sighed with a look of yearning. "If only I could play a role in 'Flying Tigers'. If I could play a member of the Flying Tigers, as long as I show my face, even if I don't have a single line, I would still be able to fulfill my wish!"

Wang Lan smiled and said, "Stop dreaming. You don't know how many people have racked their brains to get a role in it. We have nothing to do with the Makino Image, so there's definitely no chance."