Chapter 984

For Li Mu, creation was a kind of realm. Once he entered this realm, it was as if he was isolated from the rest of the world. He could wander in the ocean of creation to his heart's content. Even though this feeling was arduous, it was extraordinarily pleasing.

When he was writing the script for "Hot Pursuit," Li Mu had truly found the highest realm of creation. The entire script was completed in one go. It seemed sloppy, but it contained a lot of careful thinking and improvement.

"Hot Pursuit" was based on the story of Wei Lan's kidnapping. However, on this basis, Li Mu had made certain changes in the artistic way, adding and subtracting certain elements to the background and plot.

Among them, he had subtracted the cause and effect of his understanding of Wei Lan's real identity. He had directly cut into the story from the perspective of a man and a woman as a couple. This made the beginning of the story lighter and more convenient.

He had increased the emotional scenes of the male and female protagonists in the film, which was equivalent to adding a new main plot line to the entire theme of the rescue, which was the development of the relationship between a man and a woman.

He had increased the contrast and conflict between the various characters and the plot in the film. There were constant highs and lows in the plot, and the control of the rhythm was also very good.

The core plot of the story was the female protagonist's kidnapping. In the 100-minute film, this main plot would start from the female protagonist being targeted by the kidnappers. The kidnappers would successfully kidnap her, and the kidnappers would hide all kinds of clues. The police would find themselves in a dead-end, and in the end, they would almost fall into despair. This whole rhythm would push the plot to the most nervous and anticipated critical point. At this time, the male protagonist would have a flash of inspiration, and in an instant, he would completely release the tension that had been building up. This huge contrast would definitely make the audience excited.

Li Mu felt that this kind of control of the rhythm was like constantly pressing a spring to the extreme, and then releasing it in an instant. Only in this way could the kinetic energy of the emotional release be maximized.

In addition, the relationship between the male and female protagonists went from not understanding each other, to being on the verge of breaking up, to cherishing each other, and getting back together. This emotional line itself was also a huge contrast. Although the foreshadowing of the emotional line was somewhat melodramatic, one had to admit that the emotional scenes in most movies were a compilation full of melodrama. Some emotional scenes in movies were moving and classic not because they were detached from the melodramatic nature of the compilation, but because the tension of the plot was greater.

"Titanic" was a melodramatic story about a girl from the upper class who was dissatisfied with the marriage arranged by her parents and her rich fiancé. She had an affair with a loser and made her fiancé a cuckold. A large part of the reason why it became a classic was that in the final shipwreck, the male lead sacrificed himself for the female lead. He used his own death to raise the tension of the plot to the maximum, which was why hundreds of millions of viewers shed silent tears.

If, at the end of "Titanic", the male and female protagonists had safely arrived in America on a ship, eloped together, and lived a shameless life, naturally, this movie would not have become a classic.

Naturally, Li Mu did not have the ambition to create a classic movie. What he wanted was to make this script into an extremely commercial film. This was the thinking of a real product manager.

A product manager would never want to develop a product that would be known as a classic. He only wanted to develop a product that would be the most popular with the users, and that would make the most money out of the users' pockets.

Li Mu had been in the product business for a long time. Not only was he very clear about the commercial nature of the product, but he was also very thorough in his analysis of the users. Therefore, when he finished the script of "Hot Pursuit," his keen product sense told him that the script was already very perfect in terms of the product structure. After it was turned into a product, whether it would be successful or not would depend on the specific development process.

A good commercial film director was indispensable. In addition, the casting of the film was equally important.

Li Mu felt that since this movie was going to be shot by Makino Image, he must be the producer, not for anything else, but to ensure that this movie could reach the quality of a good commercial film. He must make this movie into a commercial film classic.

After the script was finished, Li Mu spent several hours proofreading it repeatedly to make sure that everything was correct, not even a typo or a punctuation mistake. It was already the morning of the third day.

Exhausted, Li Mu slept until one o 'clock in the afternoon. Even Papa Lee and Li Ma were a little puzzled. It was not easy for their son to come home. Why did he lock himself in his room most of the time?

However, out of respect for Li Mu, Papa Lee and Li Ma did not ask much. However, Li Ma was quite distressed by Li Mu's confusing work and rest schedule.

At about one o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu walked out of his room with his hair like a chicken's nest. As soon as Li Ma heard him come out, she hurried to him and asked with concern, "Son, you're awake. Are you hungry?

There's some food in the pot. It's still warm. Hurry up and eat some while it's hot. "

Li Mu rubbed his eyes and his stomach growled. He smiled and said, "Mom, I woke up because I was hungry …"

Li Ma hurriedly pulled him to the dining room. While complaining that his work and rest schedule were too messy and that he did not pay attention to his health at all, she served him some food and said to Li Mu, "Hurry up and eat. Your dad just called me to ask if you're up."

Li Mu asked, "Where's my dad?"

"In the department store." Li Ma said, "Recently, the progress of the project there is more critical. Your dad and I have to go there every day."

As she said that, Li Ma looked at the time and said, "You're not allowed to stay up tonight no matter what, do you hear me?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I know. I won't stay up tonight."

Li Ma said, "You locked yourself in your room this time and acted mysteriously. Your dad and I have not told other relatives that you're back. In the blink of an eye, it's already the third day that you've been back. Do you think you should tell them that you're back this time?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Maybe not. I'm afraid that I won't have much time to stay at home. I still have a lot of things to do in Yan Jing. This time I won't tell anyone."

Speaking of this, Li Mu suddenly thought of Su Yingxue. He did not know what she was busy with at home. Although he had promised her that he would try to go home, when he really came back, he was delayed for two or three days because of a script. Seeing that the school would start in two days, he did not know if she was still in Haizhou.

Hearing Li Mu's words, Li Ma nodded with support and said, "Then I won't tell anyone. You have a good rest at home for two days and then go back to Yan Jing quietly. Otherwise, all kinds of social activities will make you suffer again."

Li Mu said with a smile, "My mom loves me the most."

"Stop talking nonsense."

Li Ma rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "You eat first. I'm going to the company. I have something to deal with this afternoon. When I'm done, I'll come back early. What do you want to eat tonight?

I'll buy it for you. "

Li Mu said, "I'm fine with anything. You decide."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Then I'll make the decision myself."

Li Mu found that his family was actually workaholic.

Needless to say, he wished he could put his life on the line. His parents were the same. Good heavens, they were so busy with their own business that they forgot to eat and sleep. Even when their son came back, it did not disrupt their work rhythm at all.

After Li Ma left, Li Mu was at home alone. While eating, he sent a message to Su Yingxue, asking where Su Yingxue was now.

Su Yingxue replied, "I'm already at school. I arrived this morning. What about you?"

Li Mu said in surprise, "You're back so soon?"

Su Yingxue said, "Yes, today is the seventh. Classes start tomorrow. If I don't come back soon, it'll be too late."

Only then did Li Mu realize that the National Day holiday had passed just like that.

At this time, Su Yingxue replied again, "Where are you?"

Li Mu wanted to say that he was in Haizhou, but when he thought that if he said that he was in Haizhou, he would miss the chance to meet Su Yingxue in Haizhou. He felt a little bad, so he replied, "I'm doing something in Hangzhou. I'll be back in Yanjing in two days."

Su Yingxue didn't think too much about it. After chatting for a while, they stopped texting.

After eating, Li Mu called Wei Lan to tell her that the script had been completed. In Li Mu's opinion, the first audience for this script would definitely be Wei Lan.

Wei Lan originally thought that with Li Mu's practical situation, she would probably have to wait until the end of the year to see the script of this movie. However, she never dreamed that after more than 20 hours, the first thing Li Mu said when he called was, "I've finished writing the script. I've sent it to your email. Take a look first. If there's anything you're not satisfied with, feel free to tell me and I'll make changes!"

Wei Lan thought that she was dreaming. "You've written it so quickly?

You're not kidding me, are you … "

Li Mu said, "When have I ever lied to you?"

After saying that, Li Mu said again, "I'll send the script to your YY email later. Take a look first."

Wei Lan couldn't hide her excitement and said, "Then quickly send it to me. I'll read it now!"

"Okay, wait a moment."

Li Mu hung up the phone and went back to his room to turn on his laptop. He then sent the script of "Fast Pursuit" to Wei Lan's YY email.

A moment later, Wei Lan's YY profile picture flashed. She made a "yeah" gesture and said to Li Mu, "I'll take a look now!"

Li Mu replied, "Okay, take a look. I'll go take a shower."

After fighting for so long for the script, Li Mu was a little sloppy. It was like the state he was in when he was doing closed-door development for a small startup. He didn't shower for days and nights, and he didn't even bother to wash his face.

At that moment, Wei Lan, who was far away in Beijing, opened the email from Li Mu with anticipation. When she saw the attached file called "Fast Pursuit", she smiled and said to herself, "The name isn't bad!"