Chapter 493

For Li Mu, he wholeheartedly hoped that Chen Wan could become better and better.

Chen Wan had two hurdles in her previous life. One was her father's failure in the business world, and the other was her husband's loss in the stock market. Now, Li Mu could basically confirm that Chen Wan had already completely avoided her husband in her previous life. As for her father's hurdle, it would be around 2015, which was still more than ten years away. There was nothing to be afraid of. Li Mu believed that when the time came, no matter how big a problem Chen Wan's father encountered, it would be nothing to him. He could easily help him solve everything.

In this way, the two hurdles in Chen Wan's future had basically been smoothed out by Li Mu. Therefore, Li Mu wasn't worried that Chen Wan would become a tragedy in the future. He only wanted Chen Wan to be as good as possible.

Although Li Mu didn't make a name for himself in his previous life, he believed that he had a strong personality. After graduating, he worked hard in Yanjing. Although he didn't earn much money, other than his parents, he didn't owe or receive favors from anyone. However, after attending Chen Wan's funeral in 2015, he realized that Chen Wan was the only person who had given him favors other than his parents.

If Chen Wan hadn't paid for his four years of college tuition and living expenses during the most difficult four years when his parents were laid off, Li Mu didn't dare to imagine how much hardship his parents had suffered in order to provide for his college education. Since God gave him a chance to be reborn, he stubbornly believed that he should also give Chen Wan a chance to be reborn. This was what he owed her. God gave him a chance to be reborn, but it was definitely not to let him make up for his own regrets, but to let him make up for the regrets of everyone around him.

A drop of water should be repaid with a spring. This was Li Mu's initial impression of Chen Wan since he was reborn. Moreover, the two of them didn't have much interaction after the car accident in his previous life, but they had developed a deep relationship in this life. Therefore, if she really became a popular host that everyone paid attention to, Li Mu would rather keep a certain distance from her than add any unnecessary trouble to her development.

Chen Wan didn't really believe that she would become a real public figure overnight. This was only her first appearance on stage, and it could only let more people know about her. From knowing to liking and then to chasing after her, it required a psychological development process. Therefore, one episode of the program couldn't make her a household name.

However, as soon as she heard Li Mu say that he would keep a certain distance from her in the future, Chen Wan had an indescribable feeling in her heart when she thought about how she might really become a public figure that attracted a lot of attention wherever she went. She felt that she wouldn't be complacent because of her fame, but instead, she would feel regret because of it.

Just like what Li Mu said, if she became a public figure, even he would have to keep a certain distance from her. This was something that Chen Wan couldn't accept. She felt that she had never been intimate with Li Mu before. If she had to keep a distance from him in the future, wouldn't that mean that he would be even further away from her?

Thinking about this, Chen Wan began to feel regret. Actually, when she was suppressed by Ma Weiwei at Yanjing Satellite TV, she wasn't really in a hurry to solve this problem. The main reason why she was willing to resign herself to adversity was because she wanted to be closer to Li Mu at Yanjing Satellite TV. If she didn't talk to Li Mu about how she couldn't appear on stage because of Ma Weiwei, she might still be her own little assistant at Yanjing Satellite TV.

Actually, Chen Wan wasn't a career-minded woman. Her previous life's trajectory was proof of this. As soon as she graduated, she returned to Jinling. Her family arranged for her to be the host of a provincial TV variety show. However, the show wasn't very popular, and Chen Wan didn't really put in much effort to become a host. She simply married a man that Li Mu didn't know. Then, she worked and lived an ordinary life. In the end, her life fell into a huge tragedy.

Li Mu's appearance gave Chen Wan a huge boost. Chen Wan didn't even understand how she got to where she was today. Although her career was advancing by leaps and bounds, when she thought about how Li Mu might deliberately keep a certain distance from her in the future, she couldn't feel happy at all. Instead, she felt an uncontrollable annoyance.

After the advertisement ended, the program continued. The game segment finally began.

Li Mu had been looking forward to seeing how much recognition "Who's Undercover" would receive in the hearts of the current audience. So, when the rules of the game were introduced, he focused on the TV screen. He didn't notice that Chen Wan's mood had begun to change a little. She didn't even clink glasses with Li Mu. Instead, she drank the red wine in her glass in one gulp.

After the rules were explained, the audience was already full of anticipation. When everyone started playing the first round, the audience was fully focused. Sometimes, they laughed at the performance of the host and guests in the game. Sometimes, they felt extremely sorry for their wrong judgment. Sometimes, they were abnormally excited by someone's wonderful performance.

After the first round of the game, the audience was completely fired up. In the second round, the guests played even more enthusiastically, and the audience watched even more intently. In the third round, the audience seemed to be in love with this brand new game.

In the third round, the audience's ratings also increased again. This time, it directly increased to a shocking 11.9%!

With the exception of Central TV's Spring Festival Gala, this kind of ratings was unimaginable for any other TV station's variety show.

Hua Xia's domestic variety shows had the highest ratings from 2000 until 2016. The 2005 Super Girl finals had the highest ratings. That show's ratings had already reached the peak of the domestic variety show's ratings. This kind of ratings was equivalent to almost half of Hua Xia paying attention to Super Girl. Moreover, with such strong ratings, it gave birth to a large number of A-list celebrities who would continue to be active in the entertainment industry in the future. For example, Li Yuchun, Zhou Bisheng, Zhang Liangying, as well as the well-known He Jie, Ye Yiqian, and so on.

Now, the viewership ratings of "Happy Camp" had created a number that even Super Girl might not be able to catch up to. The 11.9% viewership rating was almost unimaginable. What kind of new star would be born from such a strong viewership rating?

At this moment, Li Mu did not know the figures, but he could see that the atmosphere was getting more and more enthusiastic. The close-up of the audience's expressions was very realistic. It could be seen that they were fully immersed in the game. The host and guests were also getting into the groove. The more they played, the more technical and comedic the effect became. When the game ended, even Li Mu, who was not interested in this kind of game mode, could not help but want to applaud for these few rounds of the game.

Chen Wan's performance in these few rounds of the game was impeccable. She was the soul of these few rounds of the game. Every wave of the game's climax was caused by her. Her perfect performance and counterattacks at a few crucial moments made the audience applaud and praise her.

After watching the whole game process with rapt attention, Li Mu was more convinced that Chen Wan would definitely become popular overnight. Her performance in this episode basically did not need to give the audience more buffer time. Most of the audience, especially the male audience, would not be able to resist the charm she showed on the stage.

After the game session, the whole show began to enter the final stage. After the host interacted with the guests, the guests were ready to sing on the stage. Li Mu turned his face to Chen Wan and said, "Sister, your performance was very good."

After that, Li Mu found that Chen Wan's cheeks had turned red and her eyes were a little blurred. At first glance, he could tell that she had drunk too much. Li Mu looked again at the newly opened bottle of red wine, which was already more than half gone. He asked her in surprise, "How did you drink so much without saying a word?"

Chen Wan narrowed her eyes at Li Mu, threw the mobile phone in her hand aside, and asked Li Mu with a smile, "Bad boy, why do you want me to go to Xiangnan Satellite TV?"

Li Mu said, "Of course, I hope you can have a better career development."

Chen Wan pursed her lips and asked Li Mu, "What do you think I want such a good career development for?

I don't actually seem to be that career-minded. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "If being a host is your dream, then I have to find a way to make your dream come true to the greatest extent. You have to become a first-line host in China first. After that, if you get tired of being a host one day, you won't leave yourself with any regrets."

Chen Wan silently handed the phone to Li Mu. Li Mu lowered his head to take a look. It was a text message sent a few minutes ago by someone named "Director Zhou": "Little Wan, the peak viewership rating is 11.9%, becoming the first variety show to break 10%!

Thank you, thank you for everything you have brought to "Happy Camp"!

With you around, I believe that 'Happy Camp' will create even greater glory!

And you will definitely become the top female host of Xiangnan Satellite TV and even the whole country! "

After reading the text message, Li Mu said in surprise, "Great, the ratings are so high!

I thought it would be great to get to 9%!

Sister, after tonight, you will be popular all over the country! "

However, there was no excitement on Chen Wan's face. She tilted her head and looked at Li Mu with blurred eyes for a moment. She gently leaned on Li Mu's shoulder and asked him, "Tell me the truth, why have you always been so good to me?

Ever since we met, I've always owed you. I haven't even had the chance to make it up to you. In the end, you've always been the one taking care of me and helping me. Tell me, how could I be so lucky to bump into a stupid person like you and injure you? Instead, I've hit the jackpot. "

Li Mu thought about everything, and his heart was deeply touched. He smiled and said, "Maybe I owed you too much in my last life, and I'm here to pay off my debt."