Chapter 469

It was almost nine o 'clock, but Makino Technology's YY game project team was still working overtime.

Kong Lingyu, Lin Ching-ah, and Li Mu did not leave.

After Li Mu finished his sumptuous boxed lunch, he drank half a cup of coffee. This combination of Chinese and Western felt good.

The entire company was still brightly lit. After the overtime technicians finished their meals at their computer desks, a few administrative girls would follow them to clean up the leftovers, wipe down the tables and keyboards, and serve them the coffee they had prepared. Although it was only a very small detail, it made these programmers who worked hard in the frontline feel good about each other, and they could feel a strong sense of teamwork in each other's hearts.

Li Mu did not dare to say that he was a brilliant boss, but he was definitely a reliable one. He would also paint a pie in the sky for his employees, but he would definitely fulfill it. He would also let his employees charge forward regardless of everything, but he would coordinate all resources, including ammunition for the frontline, long-range artillery strikes, and logistical supplies. He would ensure that his soldiers only needed to focus on the battle. If they ran out of bullets, someone would hand it to them as soon as they turned their head. If they were hungry, someone would send food to them as soon as they opened their mouth. If they were thirsty, someone would bring a kettle to their mouth.

It was precisely because of his absolute reliability in this aspect that the cohesiveness of the Makino Technology team was so strong that no one else could match it.

Kong Lingyu ate two boxed lunches alone. After he was full, he went to look for Li Mu. He pushed the door open and said, "Boss, do you want to go through the process of our competition?"

Li Mu nodded. "Okay, wait a moment. I'll be right there."

The "competition" that Kong Lingyu mentioned was the trump card that Li Mu wanted to use to promote the YY gaming platform.

Li Mu had been thinking for a long time. After the YY gaming hall was launched, there was only one problem that he needed to solve the most: how to get as many users to try the YY gaming hall as quickly as possible.

Therefore, at the beginning of May, he gathered the members of the YY gaming lobby project team for a brainstorming session. With him coming up with the framework and everyone else perfecting it, they came up with a plan to quickly promote the YY gaming platform — the YY National Dou Dizhu Tournament.

The competition plan that Li Mu and his team members had come up with was: After the YY gaming lobby went online, the fist-fighting game "YY Happy Dou Dizhu" would simultaneously launch a Dou Dizhu competition that would last for half a month. Once players entered the YY Happy Dou Dizhu lobby, they could directly click on the button to participate in the competition. The competition process was very simple: the normal matches of the competition would be carried out simultaneously in a 24-hour rolling manner. Every time there were 300 players, a match would automatically start.

Each normal match was randomly arranged for 300 people to play five rounds. After the five rounds, the top 90 people would advance to the next round according to their score, and the remaining 210 people would be eliminated. The eliminated users could return to participate in other normal matches.

After the 90 people entered the next round, their score would be reset to zero. After three consecutive rounds, the top nine people with the highest score would advance to the finals. The finals would still be played three rounds, and the person with the highest score after three rounds would be the winner.

Players who won a single match would receive a champion's medal and 50 YY coins. The second place would receive 30 YY coins, and the third place would receive 20 YY coins.

As for the 81 people who entered the second round but did not make it to the finals, they would receive 5,000 Happy Beans, which were worth 5 YY coins. The nine people who entered the finals but did not make it to the top three would receive 10000 Happy Beans, which were worth 10 YY coins.

The champion's medal was the ticket to advance to the championship match. One hour after the game went online, which was 9 pm tomorrow night, a championship match would be held every hour. Those who had a champion's medal could register for the match. Each time they participated, they would consume a champion's medal.

The competition format of the championship was the same as that of the ordinary competition. It was also a competition of 300 people with multiple rounds of elimination. However, the champion of the championship would receive a Motorola V70 mobile phone worth 4,000 yuan, a Samsung mobile phone worth more than 2,000 yuan, and a Nokia mobile phone worth more than 1,000 yuan as a gift from Muye Technology. The second prize would be a Samsung mobile phone worth more than 2,000 yuan, and the third prize would be a Nokia mobile phone worth more than 1,000 yuan.

The V70 was one of the most popular mobile phones. Its novel rotary cover design attracted the attention of countless people. It was also Motorola's flagship model. In this era, a 4,000 yuan mobile phone was naturally attractive to netizens. In 2016, there was a prize on Weibo, and if the prize was an iPhone, at least tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people would participate. Moreover, now that Makino Technology was giving away one mobile phone every hour for 15 consecutive days, it was a piece of cake.

Li Mu liked this kind of violent promotion method. He directly played the role of a super tycoon in front of the users. This could give the users a superior impression of the platform. Since it was a competition, the prizes must be rich enough. Only when the prizes were rich could the users be motivated to participate. For the current Makino Technology, it was a piece of cake to come up with about 200,000 yuan in prizes every day. However, the effect could not be measured by 200,000 yuan.

Moreover, this game mode was equivalent to putting the user into a cycle. If he wanted to play the game to win the mobile phone, he had to first win a single round. If he was eliminated in the middle, he would have to make a comeback. After many attempts, he finally won a single round and signed up for the championship match. If he was eliminated in any of the rounds, he would have to start all over again.

However, the entire game was estimated to have at least hundreds of thousands of players. If all of them participated in the challenge, then there would be at least a thousand single round champions. Thousands of name-list champions would line up to enter the championship match, and there would definitely be the first, second, and third place in the championship match. Therefore, once this mode started, the prizes for each championship match would not be empty. At that time, the game interface would constantly scroll: User so-and-so won a championship in a certain championship match, and received a Motorola V70 worth 4,000 yuan as a gift from Makino Technology. That way, it would be very stimulating to other users.

Li Mu and Kong Lingyu went to see the technical staff's deduction of the entire competition process again. How the users would join, how the system would determine the number of people and start the competition in time, how the users would be distributed, how the users would be eliminated, how the YY coins and Happy Beans would be automatically distributed, and how the championship match would notify the winning users and contact the customer service staff in time …

All the processes had been gone through once, and there were no problems. The logic of each step was very clear, and the operation was very smooth.

Kong Lingyu said to Li Mu, "Our competition is really too violent. Three phones will be given out every hour for 15 days. Once it's released, it will definitely explode."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Now do you know why I set that slogan for the competition?"

Kong Lingyu could not help but laugh and say, "Being rich and capricious is indeed too capricious!

Haha! "

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Trust me, this sentence will go viral."

This time, Li Mu also got Zhao Kang's fake reviewers on Douban to coordinate with him. Once the YY National Dou Dizhu Competition started and the slogan "Being Rich and Capricious" was raised, the fake reviewers would do everything they could to repeatedly mention the phrase "Being Rich and Capricious" in Tieba, major forums, chat rooms, and YY groups. They wanted to hype it up as soon as possible. When that time came, everyone who saw "Being Rich and Capricious" would immediately think of the YY gaming hall, in addition to being a trending phrase on the internet.

Do not underestimate the power of these four words. Human thinking was logical, and the subconscious would have an instinctive memory of the source of everything. If these four words were born together with the YY gaming hall, then once it became popular, it would forever carry the label of the YY gaming hall. It was just like how people in the future would definitely think of Li Yi when they talked about a loser, or the Emperor who protected the ball just like Henry. This kind of propaganda was subconsciously brainwashing, and the effect would definitely be very powerful.

After every step was repeatedly sorted out and confirmed, Li Mu was completely relieved. On his way out of the office, he began to look forward to the official launch of the YY gaming hall at 8 PM tomorrow night.

…

Before he arrived at Yucheng Garden, Li Mu received a call from Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue told him that Zhang Lan's family of three had gone to apologize to Wang Xinran's family that night, but they were chased out by Su Yuehua.

It was said that Su Yuehua was very angry, not only because her daughter's points were changed because of the two of them, but also because they had humiliated her daughter at Fayue Restaurant that day. If it wasn't for Li Mu, Su Yuehua couldn't imagine how much psychological trauma the incident would have brought to Wang Xinran.

As a parent, it was difficult for her to truly forgive the other party.

Chen Guanghua proposed to use money to make up for the psychological trauma his wife and daughter had brought to Wang Xinran, but Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua were extremely firm on this matter. This was not a problem that could be solved with money.

Chen Guanghua, who had been chased out, waited at the door for an hour, but Su Yuehua and her husband didn't change their minds. He could only return home dejectedly.

When Li Mu heard the news, he couldn't help but laugh and said, "Indeed, we can't accept their apology so easily. Let them reflect for a while before we talk again."

Su Yingxue said, "Although they are indeed quite infuriating, I still don't understand why they would suddenly change their personalities and run over to apologize. What was the reason for that?

Did they find their conscience? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Do you want to hear the truth or a lie?"

Su Yingxue snorted and said, "Of course I want to hear the truth!"

Li Mu said, "The truth is that they definitely didn't go to apologize because they found their conscience. They were forced to apologize because of the current situation."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "Why?

There doesn't seem to be a reason. "

Li Mu said, "A friend of mine shut down her family's factory. I told them today that when their family satisfied Xinran's family, their factory would be able to resume work. Otherwise, it would always be shut down. That's why they went to apologize."

Su Yingxue asked him in surprise, "What kind of friend is this?

Why is he so powerful? "

Li Mu said, "He's the son of an official, the kind that Zhang Lan's family can't afford to offend."

Su Yingxue was now somewhat immune to Li Mu's extraordinariness. Since she knew that he earned millions a month, now that she heard that his friend could shut down Zhang Lan's factory, she didn't think it was very difficult to understand. She just asked Li Mu curiously, "What if my aunt never forgives them?

They can't always shut down other people's factories. Things won't be so serious. "