Chapter 1108

In terms of business competition, all industry leaders desired natural monopolies. Li Mu was the same.

Natural monopolies were almost impossible to form in the modern economy, but all businessmen desired to be infinitely close to natural monopolies.

No matter what industry it was, there were always competitors in the same industry. Google, which had influenced the internet industry, naturally hoped to beat all search engines. Apple, which had made a lot of money with the iPhone, also schemed against Samsung and other competitors. Shunfeng, which had built its own fleet, also hoped to beat all competitors in the high-end express delivery market. Boss Ma, who had tens of billions of USD in assets, was also badmouthing JD, hoping that JD would be destroyed as soon as possible.

From this, it could be seen that real tycoons desired to become oligarchs. Even if they knew that they could never eliminate all competitors, they would still launch indiscriminate attacks against all competitors.

Li Mu was the same.

He knew that he could never monopolize any industry in the free market, but this didn't stop him from trying to be infinitely close to a monopoly in this industry.

What Li Mu wanted was to make his industry into a super product like WeChat in the future. He wanted to make all the competitors in the same industry be inferior to his. This wasn't a monopoly, but it was infinitely close to a monopoly. This was the key to truly dominating and leading an industry.

Therefore, with this goal in mind, Li Mu wouldn't be lenient to any of his competitors. He wouldn't let Shunfeng off just because it hadn't developed yet. Instead, he wanted to kill it before it developed.

Therefore, whether it was Shunfeng, Le Tao Express, or China Post, they were all competitors in Li Mu's eyes.

In order to completely block Shunfeng's development, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong analyzed the current situation of the express delivery industry in Guangdong and Hong Kong. They agreed that the best way was to directly poach people from Shunfeng.

In a business competition, there was no problem that money couldn't solve. First, spend money to buy a transportation company that had the qualifications to transport between two places. Once the hardware was in place, they would immediately double the salary to poach the core employees of Shunfeng. This would cause their business to suffer a heavy blow in a short period of time.

With the poached people, their own employees, and a transportation company that had the qualifications to transport between two places, they could directly start Taobao Logistics' own express delivery business. At the same time, they could fork out 10 to 20 million to compete in the price war. Taobao had a strong cash pool. If they spent 10 to 50 million to compete in the price war, Shunfeng wouldn't be able to keep up. If they couldn't make money from the express delivery market, they wouldn't be far from of death.

Now that Taobao Logistics was so big, and there was a strong e-commerce platform like Taobao that continuously generated parcel orders, just the demand of express delivery within its own closed loop was enough to support the entire Taobao Logistics, and the overall operation was extremely smooth. With such a strong opponent, even the boldest capital would not dare to invest.

Once Shunfeng's capital chain broke, it would either go bankrupt or be sold off. There was no third option.

While Li Mu was thinking about strangling Shunfeng in Guangdong, Wei Lan had already been alone in Shenzhen for three days.

These three days were the most boring she had been in a long time.

Before she met Li Mu, Wei Lan was always busy with family matters. She couldn't rest for even a moment. Even her brain couldn't rest.

After meeting Li Mu, Wei Lan joined Wanying Real Estate with a heart full of enthusiasm. She shone in the commercial real estate projects planned by Li Mu. She was so busy that she was like a spinning top. How could she have the slightest bit of boredom?

But this time …

She came to Shenzhen alone and had a meal with Li Mu. After that, she went straight to the hotel. For the next three days, she didn't go anywhere. She spent most of her time in the hotel room. When it was time to eat, she would go downstairs to the restaurant and even call the hotel to send her food to her room.

When she really had enough of staying in the room, she would go to the hotel's swimming pool or gym. She would go for a swim or a run. That was all.

Although there were many fun places in Shenzhen, Wei Lan really couldn't get into it.

In these three days, Wei Lan didn't look for Li Mu. Even when Li Mu asked her out for a meal, she tactfully declined with the reason that she had a date with her best friend. It wasn't that she didn't want to see Li Mu, but she felt that it was unnecessary for her to meet with Li Mu under these circumstances.

After all, he had a popular beauty like Chen Wan as his mistress. They were a perfect match. Why would she blindly join in the fun?

Moreover, when she unconsciously compared Chen Wan to herself, Wei Lan always felt a little inferior.

Wei Lan booked a plane ticket back to Beijing on Saturday morning. Although Li Mu gave her a holiday until Sunday, she really didn't want to continue living in such a boring hotel in Shenzhen. After the plane ticket was booked, it wasn't until Friday night that Wei Lan sent a text to Li Mu. "Li Zong, I'm going back to Beijing tomorrow morning. You have to take care of yourself in Shenzhen. Don't overwork yourself."

For Wei Lan, since she had decided to leave tomorrow, it was reasonable for her to say goodbye to Li Mu. Therefore, she tried to use the tone of a friend to send this text to him. Moreover, she deliberately chose to send it around nine o 'clock at night. This way, whether Chen Wan left or not, it wouldn't be suitable for her to meet with Li Mu at this time. Li Mu only needed to reply to the text to exchange some pleasantries. She would get up tomorrow and pack up to go straight to the airport.

However, when Li Mu received this message, Chen Wan was no longer in Shenzhen.

When he thought that Wei Lan stayed in Shenzhen for a few days, and he didn't see her during that time, he felt that it was somewhat inappropriate. He never treated Wei Lan as his subordinate, but as his long-term partner. Moreover, after the last kidnapping case, the relationship between the two was closer than ordinary friends. If he let Wei Lan go just like that, he felt that he wasn't good enough as a friend.

Originally, he had been wanting to ask Wei Lan out for a meal for the past two days. Coincidentally, Liu Shixiong was also there. Although they weren't familiar, they knew each other. It would be good to have a gathering. Perhaps Wei Lan could bring her best friend, and the four of them could have a meal and chat. It would be suitable.

It was just that Wei Lan didn't have the time. He didn't expect that she would leave tomorrow, so Li Mu instinctively wanted to meet her.

However, it was already past nine o 'clock at night. He had just finished eating not long ago, and Wei Lan was probably around the same time. However, Li Mu still asked tentatively, "You're leaving tomorrow morning?

Do you want to come out and find a place to sit? "

After Wei Lan received the text message, she was a little hesitant for a moment, but after a moment, she secretly made up her mind and replied with her fingertips, "I just had dinner. It's so late, you should have a good rest. Don't bother yourself."

Li Mu didn't know that Wei Lan was deliberately avoiding him. He thought that the first thing she did when she just arrived in Shenzhen was to contact him. Naturally, she regarded him as a close friend. Since she was a close friend, he naturally couldn't let her go without even meeting her. It was unreasonable.

Although Li Mu wasn't very good at socializing, he was very attentive to his true friends. When he was a drifter in Yanjing, if a family friend came to Yanjing for business and contacted him, he would definitely go to the station or the airport to pick them up, and then treat them to a meal. In the following time, his friend went to do his business, and Li Mu continued to busy himself with work. But before his friend left, Li Mu would definitely treat him to another meal, chat at the dining table, drink a few cups of wine, and tell him not to forget to contact him the next time he had the opportunity.

Because of this habit, Li Mu felt that it was a very ritualistic thing to meet up with a friend before they left. If he didn't do this, he would first feel uncomfortable in his heart.

So, Li Mu sent a message, "How about this, I actually just finished eating. I think we shouldn't eat anymore. Let's find a bar and have a few drinks like we did when we went to SugarClub. If your best friend doesn't send you to the airport tomorrow morning, then I will. If she does, then I won't go. Just treat it as sending you off tonight."

When Li Mu mentioned SugarClub, Wei Lan couldn't help but feel sour in her heart.

When she went to Beijing alone to seek help, she originally thought that Xiao Chenfeng from the Urban Construction Corporation would be able to help her get through the difficult situation. She didn't expect that he would deliberately set a trap for her. At that time, Wei Lan almost lost her virginity to Xiao Chenfeng. Luckily, she reacted quickly and smashed Xiao Chenfeng with her hard handbag before he could react. That was how she managed to escape from the evil clutches.

At that moment, Wei Lan completely lost confidence in the whole of Beijing and her own Juncheng Real Estate. She only wanted to escape as fast as possible. However, she didn't expect that because of the thunderstorm in Shanghai, all the flights to Shanghai were canceled that day.

Since she couldn't escape, Wei Lan's stubborn mentality completely collapsed. At that moment, she decided to give up. When she called her father from the hotel, she cried bitterly. Later on, when she remembered that she still owed Li Mu a meal, she decided to make a clean break with Beijing. At the last moment, she sent a message to Li Mu, wanting to treat him to a meal.

At that time, Li Mu just happened to have a meal, so Wei Lan had no choice but to treat him to a drink instead.

What Wei Lan didn't expect was that it was that meeting with Li Mu that completely changed the course of her life. She had originally decided to give up on Juncheng Real Estate, sell all the assets that could be sold, leave Hua Xia, and go to America to reunite with her parents. It was Li Mu who gave her new hope and helped her turn everything around.

Thinking of this, Wei Lan couldn't help but think about what happened next. Not long after that, she completely fell in love with this devil-like big boy. Later on, when her life was hanging by a thread, it was also this big boy who racked his brains to save her, which made her even more devoted to him.

Wei Lan stared at her phone in a daze. Her mind had already quickly gone through all the things that happened in the past. Suddenly, she felt that she really wanted to see Li Mu immediately …

Therefore, Wei Lan quickly replied, "Okay, where do you want to meet?"

"Are you at your best friend's house?

I'll go to your best friend's neighborhood to pick you up? "