Chapter 1279

At this time, SARS had not appeared in the newspapers, and most people did not know the emergence and spread of this infectious disease. However, Li Mu knew very well that Guangdong Province, as the earliest place of SARS, was undoubtedly the most dangerous place for SARS at this stage. Hearing that his parents wanted to go to Guangdong Province, he could not agree no matter what.

Papa Lee and Li Ma had not heard any news related to SARS, so they were a little surprised to hear Li Mu's words. Papa Lee asked him, "What kind of infectious disease?

Is it bird flu? "

Li Mu said, "Something like that. I can't tell the specifics, but this disease should be a new disease, and it is a great threat to the body. When I was in Guangdong Province, as long as a patient had a serious high fever, he would immediately be isolated for observation to confirm whether he had this kind of infectious disease. It is very difficult to cure, and it is life-threatening. So, you'd better not go for a short time."

Li Ma asked him, "How long is a short time?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "At least three to five months."

"Three to five months?"

Li Ma said with some reluctance, "Now the clothing industry starts fast. When new brands come out, they have to fight for the agency rights. If they are a little late, the agency rights may be taken away by others. If they are really late for three to five months, then the agency rights of these brands will basically be gone."

"Yes."

Papa Lee also nodded and echoed, "When a new brand comes out, it depends on who can act fast. Now the regional agency rights are exclusive, and it is first come, first served. If we can't seize the opportunity, we will miss these brands."

Seeing that his parents were reluctant, Li Mu said seriously, "In this case, why don't we wait for three to five months? I will buy all these brands with money. You don't need to get the agency rights. Can I give all the enterprises to you directly?"

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other.

The couple was thinking about acting as an agent for other people's brands, but their son was thinking about buying other people's brands directly. Their son was really rich and willful.

However, Papa Lee and Li Ma could see from Li Mu's attitude that Li Mu really didn't want them to go to Guangdong Province. After exchanging a look with Li Ma, Papa Lee said, "Since you said that Guangdong Province is not safe, your father and I will not go there for the time being. Can you rest assured?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Not only are you not going to Guangdong Province, it's best if you don't go anywhere for the next few months."

In Li Mu's memory, in his previous life, there had never been any cases of SARS in Haizhou. In that historical period when people were in a panic, Haizhou was relatively safer. Many people in Yan Jing even went to Haizhou for a short stay to avoid SARS. As a result, all the hotels and guesthouses in Haizhou were full at that time. It could be seen that Haizhou was indeed safe. As long as his parents didn't leave Haizhou, there should be no risk of infection.

In his second life, what Li Mu cared about most was the health of his parents. This kind of thing couldn't be taken at all.

Papa Lee and Li Ma knew Li Mu's character. They could see that he was not joking at all, so they solemnly agreed. For them, with such a good son, making money was not so important.

…

Li Mu hadn't experienced the feeling of staying in bed at home for a long time.

Last night, he accompanied his father to drink two or three bottles of Maotai. Li Mu, who hadn't drunk white wine for a long time, slept until 11 o 'clock the next day with the help of the alcohol.

Li Ma indulged Li Mu by getting up early in the morning to buy groceries and cook lunch for Li Mu.

Today was already New Year's Eve. According to the customs of Haizhou, there were many things to do today, such as cleaning, putting up Spring Festival couplets, preparing for the New Year's Eve dinner, and chopping meat for dumplings.

Papa Lee started cleaning early in the morning. Li Ziwei, who stayed in the hotel last night, took the initiative to come home early this morning to help.

Li Mu slept soundly. Although firecrackers had already begun to explode outside, it did not affect his sleep at all. It was not until 11 o 'clock that Li Mu was awakened by the deafening explosion that he didn't know who set off firecrackers outside.

Looking at the time, he found that it was already noon. Li Mu hurriedly got up from the bed, pushed the door open, and saw Li Ziwei mopping the floor at the door.

As soon as she saw Li Mu come out, Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Li Zong, you're up!"

Li Mu smiled and asked her, "Why are you working at home?"

"It's for the New Year's cleaning!"

Li Ziwei said, "I thought that Uncle and Auntie must be very busy today, so I got up and came to help."

At this time, Papa Lee came out of the master bedroom with a rag in one hand and a bucket in the other. He said to Li Mu, "Thanks to Ziwei, I can't do it alone. Your mother is cooking in the kitchen. She left breakfast for you. Do you want some?"

"Okay, I'll go to the kitchen after I wash up."

After Li Mu finished speaking, he said to his father, "If there's anything else, let me do it."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "It's almost done. We'll put up the Spring Festival couplets together like before. Then you go downstairs and set off firecrackers."

"Okay!" Li Mu smiled and nodded.

In recent years, the New Year's Eve was not as interesting as it was when he was a child. For Li Mu, the Spring Festival was the New Year's Eve and the first day of the New Year. The most important things on the New Year's Eve were the Spring Festival couplets and the New Year's Eve dinner. Strictly speaking, the lunch at noon was not important.

Papa Lee went to the bathroom with the bucket. Li Mu asked Li Ziwei, "When will Uncle and Auntie come?"

Li Ziwei said, "They'll fly at noon and arrive in Jinling in the afternoon. Manager Song arranged a car to pick them up."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's good. We'll stay in Haizhou for two more days this time. Uncle and Auntie can also stay in Haizhou for a few more days if it's convenient."

Li Ziwei was not surprised by Li Mu's decision to stay for a few more days. She nodded and said to Li Mu, "By the way, Manager Song came home at about 10 o 'clock. He asked you to call him after you get up."

Song Liang came a few days earlier than Li Mu. Although their homes were in the same unit, Song Liang did not come to disturb him yesterday.

Li Mu guessed that Song Liang must be at home at this time, so he washed his face and went directly to Song Liang's home.

At this time, Song Liang was cleaning the window on the balcony with a cigarette in his mouth. After his wife invited Li Mu in, he hurriedly put out the cigarette and went into the house. He asked Li Mu to sit on the sofa and said, "I knew you came back yesterday, but I thought that Uncle and Auntie must miss you very much since they haven't seen you for a long time, so I didn't disturb them."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "Did Uncle and Auntie come this New Year?"

"Yes," Song Liang said, "They came a few days ago, but now they are taking the children out to play."

Li Mu asked, "Will you spend the night at home?"

Song Liang waved his hand and said, "It's too painful to cook the New Year's Eve dinner at home. When the last dish is ready, the previous dishes will be cold. It's better to eat out. I heard from Uncle and Auntie that they booked the New Year's Eve dinner in the ecological park. We also booked it there. In addition to our family, there are several backbone members and relatives of Haizhou Wanying Group."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's great. We can eat together at night. I'll go to your room."

Song Liang said, "Okay, let's sit next to each other. It'll be more lively."

As he said this, Song Liang handed a cigarette to Li Mu and said seriously, "Little Mu, I want to discuss something with you and see if you are interested."

"What's the matter?"

Song Liang said, "Haizhou Wanying Group has taken a new piece of land in the new administrative district. Now the city's policy is to gradually move government agencies, public schools, public hospitals, and units' housing to the administrative district. Now many projects have started development. My idea is to set aside a part of the land in the administrative district to build a few villas for fun, but the volume can't be too large. My current plan for the whole project is to build six 16-story high-rise buildings for small and medium-sized apartments, two eight-story multi-story buildings for large apartments, and then squeeze out six four-story single-family villas with yards. We won't sell these six villas. I'll take three and you take three. We'll share them and give them to our family or ourselves in the future."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why do you want to build so many villas?"

Song Liang said with a smile, "In the future, the land price in Haizhou will definitely get higher and higher. Now the overall economy has not reached the time to develop a villa community. If we don't do it, no other developers will do it in the next three to five years. When the villa market rises, there will be no land in the good areas. Even if there is land, the municipal planning may not necessarily allow the construction of villas. To say the least, even if the construction of villas is allowed, how high will the cost of the villas be?

So look at the big cities, there are very few villas in the central area, and some are out of print. Most of the villas are built in the suburbs. Although the cost of the suburban land is low and the area is large, the infrastructure is not very good, so it's not interesting to live in it. "

Speaking of this, Song Liang said seriously, "Think about it, there are a lot of shanty towns in the old city of Haizhou, and the roads are crowded and chaotic. Whether it is the appearance of the city, traffic, or public security, they have been greatly affected. Although the government has always said that they will renovate the shanty towns, to be honest, in my experience, it is impossible to renovate such a huge shanty town in ten years. On the other hand, because everything in the administrative district is newly planned and newly built, there is a lot of redundancy. Not to mention other things, just the road alone is several times wider than the old city, and the functional layout is also more planned. In the future, the center of Haizhou will definitely shift to the administrative district. This process will not take long, so if we can build a few villas in the administrative district first, it will be much more convenient for us to use in the future."