Chapter 816

The reason why Makino Technology's HR sent Xu Bo an invitation for the second interview and took the initiative to pay for the plane ticket and accommodation was that Li Mu had just held an internal high-level meeting to confirm the importance of online games to Makino Technology's overall strategy.

After the meeting, Makino Technology decided to set up a "gaming division." This division was positioned at the same level as all the other divisions. The person in charge would report directly to Li Mu. From this alone, it was enough to show how much importance Li Mu attached to online games.

This gaming division was different from the YY Games division. In fact, its structure was even larger than the YY Games division. The gaming division was responsible for the future online games strategy of Makino Technology. In the future, all online games would be under the management of the gaming division. In the future, it would definitely be a product group strategy. The YY Games division, on the other hand, would only be responsible for the YY gaming platform.

Makino Technology did not have a ready-made online game big shot, so the person in charge of this division was temporarily taken over by Kong Lingyu. His right-hand man, Sun Qian, was also temporarily his assistant to help him set up the gaming division.

When talking about the gaming division, Li Mu naturally wanted to recruit Xu Bo. If this person was used well, he could single-handedly support an entire team. In this era, in Li Mu's eyes, he represented the popularity of online games and huge game revenue.

However, in Li Mu's current situation, it was not normal for him to take the initiative to pay attention to the resume of a candidate with little experience and education, and there was not enough theoretical basis for him to pay attention to such a person, so he deliberately mentioned that he accidentally found Xu Bo's resume that night.

In Li Mu's own words, he admired people like Xu Bo who had foresight and a purpose. This kind of person could be invited to the National People's Congress for a chat to see his understanding and views on online games.

It was also because of Li Mu's mention that Xu Bo could receive the invitation for the second interview after he had already accepted his failure.

Li Mu did not know much about the online games industry, but he firmly believed that online games were an industry that did not matter where a hero came from. This was because online games were originally a new product in China that had just started a few years ago. Moreover, there was no school in China that directly taught online games. Since the beginning of domestic standalone games in the 90s, the industry's practitioners were basically all unorthodox.

In this era, the online games market, and even the entire internet market, did not determine one's status based on one's background. Therefore, a talent like Xu Bo had the opportunity to stand out in this era with his understanding of the online games market and user needs.

This was the type of person that Li Mu needed.

Let the people who truly understood technology do the research and development, let the people who truly understood the market do the operations, and let the people who truly understood the users make the products. This was the fundamental principle of the Internet industry.

Li Mu did not know if Xu Bo had the ability to create a new game, but he firmly believed that as long as he was given the opportunity, proper guidance, and sufficient support, he would definitely be able to create a game as profitable and long-lasting as Fantasy Westward Journey even if he left NetEase.

No!

The copyright of Journey to the West wasn't protected. Anyone could use it. Why would they need to develop a game like Fantasy Journey to the West?

Wouldn't it be more appropriate to develop a Fantasy Westward Journey that belonged to Makino Technology?

With this thought in mind, Li Mu looked forward to Xu Bo's participation even more.

Of course, other than Xu Bo, there was also Jinshan's West Mountain Residence.

Other than the matter regarding Xu Bo, Li Mu had also given Lin Qingya a new mission during the meeting. No matter the cost, she had to wipe out all the core members of West Mountain Residence in the shortest time possible!

At the moment, West Mountain Residence hadn't made any truly impressive achievements, so the treatment of its core members wouldn't be too high. In this regard, Li Mu believed that Makino Technology could offer a higher salary and a high signing fee as a condition to attract the core members to jump ship.

If the annual salary could reach 200,000 yuan, then Makino Technology would pay 400,000 yuan and 200,000 yuan in cash as a signing fee. Then, they would place the contract in front of the core members, and as long as they signed, they would immediately receive 200,000 yuan in cash. 200,000 yuan in cash was enough to buy a 100 square meter apartment in the Third Ring Road. The average price in the Third Ring Road was less than 10,000 yuan.

Other than using money to speak, Makino Technology could also use facts to speak to the future. Makino Technology's influence, reputation, and potential for development far exceeded Jinshan's. He believed that the team members of West Mountain Residence were well aware of this.

…

After the meeting on the establishment of the gaming department, Li Mu went to his office and gave Zhao Kang a call. He told him to prepare to return to Beijing within these two days.

It was estimated that Wu Haijun from the Divine Boat would stay in Beijing for at least two to three days. The policy of "computers entering the city" was a national policy. The Economic and Trade Commission would definitely be extra cautious about it. He asked Zhao Kang to return to Beijing in two days and pass on the news about the chain of internet cafes to him. He asked him to meet Wu Haijun first and establish contact. It would be best if he could follow Wu Haijun to the Divine Boat to take a look. Then, he could start preparing.

Li Mu had just ended the call with Zhao Kang when his secretary from Makino Technology knocked on the door and came in. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the new Director Chen wants to see you."

Li Mu frowned. "Is it Chen Tong?"

The secretary nodded. "Yes."

Li Mu thought for a while and said to her, "Alright, let him in."

"Alright, Li Zong."

The secretary turned and went out. After a while, she knocked on the door again and brought Chen Tong in. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Chief Director Chen is here."

Li Mu nodded slightly at her. After she went out, he looked at Chen Tong with interest and asked him, "Senior Chen, how did you feel at Makino Technology these two days?"

Chen Tong laughed awkwardly and said, "I felt that everyone was very busy except for me. I had nothing to do these few days, so I just surfed the internet in the office …"

Chen Tong had been working for a few days, but no one had arranged any work for him. He only had the title of a content director and sat in his independent office doing nothing for a few days. At the beginning, he felt that this might be a deliberate arrangement by Li Mu, but he did not know what Li Mu's intention was.

After a few days, Chen Tong felt more and more uncertain. He even suspected that Li Mu had forgotten him because he was too busy with work.

He joined Makino Technology because of Liu Yidong's introduction and Li Mu's direct approval. Except for Li Mu, he did not know who was his direct leader. These days, seeing that the scale of Makino Technology was extraordinarily large and it was constantly recruiting new people, he was a little worried. If Li Mu forgot about him and did not assign a direct leader to him, wouldn't he become a bench member as soon as he joined Makino Technology?

When Chen Tong joined Makino Technology, he did not expect to get a good position in Makino Technology. However, he was not a person who was used to idling around, so the more he thought about it, the more worried he was that he would be marginalized for a long time. Therefore, he had been thinking about finding a chance to talk to Li Mu in person.

However, Li Mu had been busy with Taobao and Wanying recently, so it was not easy for him to come to Makino Technology. Chen Tong had waited for a few days, but he still did not get to see him. The last time Li Mu came to see Wu Haijun, it was already late at night, so Chen Tong did not make it. This time, when Li Mu came to see Wu Haijun, Chen Tong heard that Li Mu was coming for a meeting, so he immediately came to find him after the meeting.

When Li Mu heard that Chen Tong was complaining about being idle, he smiled and invited him to sit on the sofa in the reception area. Then, he said to him with a smile, "I'm really sorry, Senior Brother Chen. I've been too busy with work recently, so I didn't have time to talk to you."

Chen Tong hurriedly waved his hand. "Li Zong, you're too kind. Actually, I just want to know what the company is thinking about my work arrangement. I personally hope to be able to devote myself to practical work as soon as possible."

Instead of answering his question, Li Mu asked him a question, "Senior Brother Chen, which department in Makino Technology do you think you're more suitable for?"

Chen Tong hesitated for a moment, then said, "To be honest, I think I'm more suitable for a portal. Because I started out in the portal industry, I have the most experience in it, and it's the easiest for me to get started."

Li Mu nodded gently, looked at Chen Tong, and said, "A few months ago, I thought so too. However, the current planning and development of YY website are very good, so I don't think there's a need to arrange for you to work on the portal."

Chen Tong felt embarrassed, and his face was burning. When Li Mu wanted to poach him, he was still blindly loyal to Sina. He even tried to lead Sina to resist Li Mu's competition. He did not expect Li Mu to block the keywords "Sina" and Sina's website in the YY product group, and Sina's share price plummeted.

Thinking of Li Mu's horrible and hooligan logic when he blocked the keyword "Sina", Chen Tong felt uncomfortable all over. Li Mu's way of doing things was indeed too ruthless and frustrating. When Chen Tong was preparing his troops to fight Li Mu to the death, Li Mu directly burned all his provisions and defeated Chen Tong and Sina without wasting a single soldier.

However, when he thought about how he overestimated himself and how resolutely he rejected Li Mu and Makino Technology, Chen Tong felt even more ashamed. He was already in his thirties, but he wanted to dig a hole and hide in front of Li Mu.

Li Mu saw the shame on Chen Tong's face. He thought that there should be a limit to his teasing, so he coughed and flipped over the article just now. He looked at Chen Tong and said seriously, "Senior Brother Chen, in my opinion, your ability doesn't have to be reflected in the portal. What you're best at is creating content, creating high-quality content that users like and presenting it to users in an advanced way. This ability is applicable in any field of the Internet."

Chen Tong replied awkwardly, "The current internet believes in traffic. Other than portals, I don't know what other areas need content creators."

Li Mu laughed. "Makino Technology's Tieba is a platform made up of content. Not only is there a lot of content created by ordinary netizens, but there are also many content created by celebrities. There are also many high-quality content."

Chen Tong asked Li Mu, "What do you mean by 'high-quality content'?"

Li Mu said, "Content that can attract a lot of users' attention is high-quality content. It's not only the content posted by celebrities, but also the high-quality content created by many netizens themselves. For example, in the 'Computer-Installation' Tieba, there was a netizen who wrote a computer-installation guide. In two months, it generated more than five million views. This is only the number of views in the Tieba. It doesn't include those websites that directly copy and paste the content and then publish it."

Chen Tong asked in surprise, "How can an ordinary user's post have such a high number of views?"

Li Mu nodded. "Because the content is well-written. For netizens who have a need for computer-installation or are interested in this area, the content of his post is very useful. Many people saved it so that they can refer to it in the future. There are even many people who follow this netizen. Once he posts anything on the Tieba, those who follow him will receive a special notification."

Hearing this, Chen Tong suddenly became interested. He said excitedly, "An ordinary user can create such a great influence and attract so many users' attention. If we focus on this area, it should be very promising."

Li Mu nodded in agreement. Chen Tong was indeed sharp enough to be able to hear the key point from an example.