Chapter 2

On the 8th of July, 2001, a sudden rainstorm washed over the entire Haizhou City.

The passers-by were caught off guard and hid by the roadside to seek shelter from the rain. In addition to the cars and scattered pedestrians holding umbrellas on the street, there was also a young man covered in mud running in the heavy rain in a sorry state.

He was holding a transparent plastic folder tightly in his arms. Inside it were pens, pencils, erasers, and other stationery. There was also a college entrance exam admission ticket and an ID card.

The young man was called Li Mu. At this time, blood was constantly seeping out from the left side of his forehead. Even so, he was still running like a madman. His crazy appearance attracted the attention of passersby.

At this time, Li Mu secretly sighed, "After being reborn, I still couldn't avoid being hit by a car. It would have been fine if I had been reborn ten minutes earlier!"

Half an hour ago, Li Mu, who was riding a bicycle to take the last English exam of the college entrance exam, was hit by a car while crossing the sidewalk. He fainted. The ambulance rushed to send him to the hospital. Unexpectedly, Li Mu woke up before the ambulance arrived.

However, the Li Mu who woke up was no longer the young man who was hit. Although they were the same person, the one who woke up now was Li Mu 15 years later.

Before his rebirth, Li Mu was working overtime to write code. As he was writing, it seemed that the sky had turned dark. Then, he fell into a deep sleep and lost consciousness. When he woke up again, he was lying in the ambulance.

After waking up for a few minutes, Li Mu was sure that he had been reborn. In his memory, the car accident that happened today changed his life.

The college entrance exam was at 3 o 'clock in the afternoon. It was also the last subject of the college entrance exam.

After Li Mu was hit by a car in his previous life, he didn't wake up as quickly as he did today. In his previous life, when he woke up, he was already at the hospital. It was 3: 15 in the afternoon, 15 minutes after the English exam started.

At that time, Li Mu ignored the objections of the doctor and the beautiful female driver and insisted on going to the examination hall. In the end, the doctor simply found that the injury was not serious. Together with the traffic police and the female driver, they took the ambulance and sent Li Mu back to the examination hall.

When he arrived at the examination hall, Li Mu was already 35 minutes late. According to the rules, those who were more than half an hour late were not eligible to enter the examination hall. However, due to Li Mu's special situation and the guarantee of the traffic police and the doctor, Li Mu was able to enter the examination hall. However, at that time, the listening part of the English test was almost over.

At that time, Li Mu's psychological quality was not good. Coupled with the delay in the listening part, his performance in that exam was very poor. He only scored 49 points in English.

Li Mu's total score for the college entrance exam was 535 points, which was 5 points lower than the minimum score. In the end, he could only apply for a second-tier college in the province.

In his previous life, his parents and the female driver all hoped that he could repeat his studies for another year. The female driver was even willing to subsidize Li Mu's expenses. However, Li Mu considered his family's situation at that time. He wanted to graduate early and work to earn money, so he gave up on repeating his studies.

After that, Li Mu never saw the female driver again. Until 2015, when he was drifting in Beijing, his parents suddenly called him to rush back home and take him to attend a funeral.

At that time, he found out that the young woman who had passed away was the young woman who had hit him. Her name was Chen Wan, and she was a host of a variety show in the province. Although she was not very popular, she was still quite well-known in the province.

His parents only told him at that time that after Chen Wan had hit him, she had secretly paid for his four years of tuition and fees. Out of respect for the other party's wishes, his parents had never told him.

As for her death, it was also lamentable. First, her father was sentenced to a suspended death sentence because of illegal fundraising. Then, her husband invested in the stock market and lost all of his family assets in the stock market crash. A local unscrupulous media reported a lot of distorted facts about her, which was a huge blow to her. She drank to drown her sorrows and accidentally died of alcohol poisoning.

When Li Mu found out about all this, he had always been grateful to this woman. So when he ran out of the ambulance, he did not forget to turn around and say to the beautiful woman in the car who was about to chase after him, "Don't follow me, this is not your fault. Remember not to invest in stocks in the future!"

Li Mu did not blame her in his previous life, so he would not blame her now.

As for the tragedy that would happen to her more than ten years later, Li Mu had no way to remind her more for the time being.

The electronic watch on his hand showed that it was now 2: 50 in the afternoon. There were still ten minutes before the exam, and less than a kilometer away from his college entrance exam.

"There's still time!"

Li Mu did not have time to feel the excitement of his rebirth. His mind was full of the upcoming English exam. After his rebirth, what if he did not do well in this subject?

Li Mu did not understand the difference between a second book, a first book, and a second book. However, he had worked as a code farmer in Beijing for eleven years. He was very clear about the use of academic qualifications!

Before his rebirth, Li Mu worked in a large Internet company in Beijing. People who were about the same age as him and graduated from a famous school were basically directors and vice directors with an annual salary of at least five hundred thousand yuan. However, because his academic qualifications were not good enough, he could only be a so-called senior engineer. He could not be a real manager at all. His annual salary was only about two hundred thousand yuan. For someone who had worked for eleven years, this salary was very mediocre.

At that time, Li Mu regretted it countless times. If he did not try to be brave and repeated a year to get into a good school, the trajectory of his life might have been rewritten. Perhaps he could have bought a house in Beijing when he was in his thirties. Perhaps his three relationships would not have ended in failure. Perhaps he could have brought his parents to live a comfortable life.

Li Mu also fantasized countless times about whether he could choose a time point in his life to start anew.

In this way, he could make up for many of the regrets in his life.

For example, he could go back to the time before the College Entrance Examination in his third year of high school and salvage his failure in the College Entrance Examination in 2001.

For example, he could go back to his youth and be more considerate to his parents and be less rebellious so that they would not age so quickly.

For example, he could confess to the school belle Su Yingxue, whom he had always had a crush on, on a sunny afternoon. Even if he was rejected, it did not matter. He could load the file back to the moment before he confessed and continue to be friends with her. He would not completely give up the idea of confessing because he was worried that he would not be able to be friends with her.

What he did not expect was that he would actually return to this most memorable turning point in his life today!

However, he had been hit by a car as soon as he was reborn and had to drag his body to the college entrance examination. It was indeed a bit tragic.

In addition, he had already forgotten all the questions from the English exam 15 years ago. How many points he could get was still a huge question mark.

Thinking back to the time when he failed the college entrance examination in his previous life, Li Mu's parents could not get over it for many years, and the pressure in his heart was even greater.

It was really killing him!

There was no point in thinking too much. It was better to try his best to take the exam.

…

Fortunately, Haizhou was a small fifth-tier city, and there was only a small area in the city. In addition, Li Mu was very familiar with Haizhou before he went to college. Therefore, he ran with ease and finally arrived at his examination hall when the bell rang.

When he arrived at the entrance of the examination hall, a male invigilator was standing at the door. Before Li Mu could enter, he reached out and stopped Li Mu. He looked at Li Mu in surprise and asked with a frown, "What are you doing here?"

"I'm here for the exam."

The other two invigilators in the classroom, as well as more than 30 examinees, were stunned by Li Mu in front of them. No one had ever seen a boy who came for the college entrance examination like this. He was about 1.8 meters tall, and not only was he covered in mud, but there was also blood on his face. Half of his white T-shirt was also stained red with blood and scattered by the rain. It was very eye-catching.

The female invigilator, who was opening the sealed bag of the test papers, was so shocked that she even stopped opening the test papers. The invigilators had to rotate every time. It was also her first time invigilating this examination hall, and it was also her first time seeing Li Mu.