Chapter 1775

While Lu Yunhao was busy setting up his office and setting up his own team, Li Mu had already made a clear request to Hungry Shanghai's team. "Within 15 days, Hungry Here must be online in Shanghai and cover the entire city."

This also meant that the front-end business team had to sign contracts with most of the restaurants, dessert shops, cake shops, and other food and beverage businesses in Shanghai within 15 days, and help them to put their dishes on the shelves.

On top of that, the rider team had to form the system's working capabilities within 15 days.

Fortunately, Hungry Here had already started setting up in first-tier cities in advance. Although the business had not officially launched, the preliminary work had already been quietly carried out. Therefore, it was not a difficult problem to meet Li Mu's requirements within 15 days.

The news of Lu Yunhao's 20 million USD investment caused an earthquake in the English training and internet circles.

To be honest, these two groups were very dissatisfied with his 20 million USD investment.

The English training circle thought, What's going on?

This guy can also get 20 million USD to invest in the internet industry?

Does he understand the internet?

Why was he able to get 20 million US dollars while he was still teaching his students?

The internet circle thought, What a joke, this guy can also get 20 million USD to invest in the internet industry?

Based on what?

He's just a layman, how can he be better than me?

However, Lu Yunhao was very satisfied.

In his office in Shanghai, he looked down at the Huangpu River, which had a much better view than the Bund. He sighed in his heart, "This bro is really not an ordinary person. This step of crossing the border is really amazing!"

While he was satisfied, he began to look for a core team for himself.

He knew that IDG was in charge of finance, and he could not trust them. The technical team was also found by IDG from America, and he could not trust them either. His top priority was to first build a core team that he could trust.

Therefore, he poached a colleague from Southern English.

That guy liked to follow him around, and every time he drank too much, he would talk loudly with him. Both of them were ambitious, but their ambitions were not fulfilled. Lu Yunhao felt that this guy had a certain level of ambition, vision, and structure. The key was that this guy listened to him.

After that, he gave him a salary that was twice as high as his current teaching salary and poached him from Beijing to be his first Deputy CEO.

Then, he poached a few people from Southern English who he was not familiar with, but he felt that they were quite capable.

These people were in charge of different positions. Some were in charge of administration, some were in charge of human resources, some were in charge of marketing, and some specialized in telemarketing.

Although the people from Southern English had never done internet marketing, they were really good at marketing.

They were similar to the group of people who sold Amway. They knew how to scam people.

Therefore, Lu Yunhao felt that in addition to the technology, the business, public relations, promotion, and sales of this company could be done by these old foxes of Southern English, and they would definitely do a good job.

Because of the promise of high salaries, Lu Yunhao poached more than a dozen people from Southern English in a short period of time.

Lu Yunhao, who had one or two hundred million in his hands, was not worried about money at all. In his opinion, a person's annual salary of a few hundred thousand was simply a drizzle in a drizzle.

These people never thought that they would suddenly encounter an opportunity to double their salary, so they used the shortest time possible to submit their resignation applications to Southern English.

Some people were not willing to let them go because of the importance of their work. If they were to leave by force, they would have to compensate the company for a certain amount of financial losses according to the contract.

Faced with such a situation, many people were in a dilemma.

Lu Yunhao simply gave the conditions of arriving at work within three days and a 200,000 yuan signing fee per person.

The signing fee was the money that was given when the contract was signed.

It was a way to poach high-end talent by throwing money.

Lu Yunhao's idea was very simple, but also very rude. Didn't Southern English not allow them to leave?

Then I will throw money at them.

According to the contract, even if these people compensated Southern English, it would only be a matter of tens of thousands of yuan. I will give them 200,000 yuan and directly force them to leave quickly.

Sure enough, this move worked.

A few days later, the dozen or so people from Southern English arrived in Shanghai one after another and reported to Lu Yunhao.

Because of this, the founder of Southern English specifically called Lu Yunhao to scold him. He felt that this grandson really had no professional ethics. Not only did he leave as he pleased, but he also poached other people away, bringing great losses to Southern English.

As a result, Lu Yunhao faintly replied, "Don't tell me about this kind of thing, okay?

It's their freedom to go wherever they want. What does it have to do with me?

Why should I be responsible for you?

If you have any questions, please contact the law firm that our company is cooperating with. Oh, by the way, the law firm that we are cooperating with is the most powerful law firm in Shanghai. If you have any dissatisfaction, you can talk to them. "

Then, Lu Yunhao rudely hung up the phone.

Are you kidding me? I have more than a hundred million yuan. Do you think I'm afraid of your moral condemnation?

Did you not take your medicine this morning?

…

A few days later, Lu Yunhao's technical team finally arrived.

This was a technical team that was drawn from various companies in Silicon Valley.

Almost every person in charge of the front-end and back-end architecture and programming was a top-notch talent in the industry.

After these people all arrived in Shanghai, they immediately familiarized themselves with Lu Yunhao. At the same time, they began to design their own takeout platform website based on Hungry Mike's model.

Lu Yunhao named this takeout platform, which was still on paper, "Cow Takeout". In his opinion, the things he made were very good, so he gave it such a vulgar name.

The investors and technical team expressed their objection to this name. They felt that this name did not have any connotation. However, Lu Yunhao insisted and said that this name was easier to remember. Just look at Li Mu's Hungry Mike. It was also very colloquial, but everyone thought it was good. Then why were they so resistant to the name "Cow Takeout"?

Weren't they all the same?

Seeing that Lu Yunhao insisted, everyone gradually gave up their position.

Although the name was not very nice, Lu Yunhao was right about one thing. This name was indeed easy to remember.

Cow Takeout had a lot of problems to solve. Just the product alone was a lot of trouble.

It was only after the technical team arrived that Lu Yunhao realized how difficult it was to make this thing.

The technical team said that they first had to refer to the Taobao website's Hungry Mike section and develop a similar front-end website so that consumers could browse various restaurants and order online.

Lu Yunhao knew this. He had used Hungry Mike before, so he knew what the website looked like and what kind of experience it provided.

He said in a self-righteous tone, "I think that we need to innovate on the basis of Hungry Sheep to make Hungry Sheep more user-friendly."

The product manager of the technical team asked him, "Boss Lu, what kind of functional innovation do you want to achieve?

Do you have any ideas? "

Lu Yunhao thought for a while and said, "I haven't thought about this yet. It will depend on everyone's brainpower. My idea is that we definitely can't be the same as Hungry Mike, right?

We definitely have to be more awesome than them and have more ingenuity than them. "

The technical experts all expressed their awkwardness.

Everyone had such an idea, but the key was that this idea was too abstract and could not give any substantive hints!

To put it bluntly, wasn't it just talking big?

We want to be awesome, we want to be the world's strongest takeout platform, but what's the use of just shouting?

You should at least give us a direction. You don't have any. Aren't you playing blind?

Therefore, the product manager could only say, "Then let's first refer to Hungry Mike and develop a product. If Boss Lu has any good ideas, you can communicate with us at any time."

Lu Yunhao rubbed his big belly and said, "If only the platform could know what I like to eat and automatically recommend food that suits my taste, that would be great …"

The product manager said, "This is feasible, but we have to design a logical algorithm. Moreover, the algorithm needs to accumulate data. We have to have a certain amount of data before we can analyze the user's general preferences."

Lu Yunhao blurted out, "What do you mean?"

Seeing that he did not even understand this, the other party could not help but feel a headache. He said, "For example, our platform is like dating a user. We can't know what the user likes and wants the first time we meet the user. We have to understand and interact a few times before we can roughly judge this person's preferences."

As he said that, the other party continued, "It's the same on the platform. First, we have to let the user freely use it a few times. Then, through the content they browse, the content they pay attention to, and the content they place an order for, we can analyze and judge what they like. After that, we can recommend some things that they might be interested in."

Lu Yunhao nodded and said excitedly, "Yes, yes, yes. This is the function I want. This has to be done, it has to be done."

Then, Lu Yunhao said, "Our platform must be more user-friendly than Li Mu's Hungry Mike!"

The other party said, "Boss Lu, our current development task is too heavy. Before the algorithm goes online, I suggest that we don't develop it. We can take it slowly after it goes online."

"Why?"

Lu Yunhao frowned and said with an unfriendly expression, "We have to rely on this kind of user-friendly and considerate service to catch up to Hungry Mike. If you don't develop it, how can we catch up?"

The other party could only explain, "At this stage, our development task is too heavy. Not only do we have to develop the front desk, but we also have to develop the merchant backend and the user backend. That's three sets. Other than that, we also have to have an operation backend to manage the entire platform's users, merchants, and orders. That makes four sets. Just these four sets alone will require a team like ours to work day and night. It will take at least a month to make a beta version. Moreover, half of the workload will be outsourced to other companies. Otherwise, it will take at least three months to go online."

As he said that, the other party said, "If we want to add the algorithm, even if we outsource more than half of it, it will take at least two and a half to three months."

When he heard that it would take so long, Lu Yunhao was a little anxious. "By the time you guys finish developing it, it will be too late!"

"There's no other way."

The other party said seriously, "At this stage, if we want to go online as soon as possible, we have to first abandon other things and push other needs to the back of the queue. Otherwise, we won't be able to go online in a short period of time."

Lu Yunhao could only nod. "Alright, then we can go online with the platform first. But we have to do it as soon as possible. It would be best if we can go online within a month!"