Chapter 1009

Messed up, completely messed up, completely messed up.

Xie Yun originally thought that Li Mu was too smart, and that her silly daughter was no match for him at all. Therefore, Li Mu must have fed her daughter some kind of magic potion, which made her inexperienced daughter follow him with all her heart even though she knew he had a girlfriend. Moreover, she didn't hold back at all.

But she never thought that everything was actually her daughter taking the initiative.

The funny thing was that from yesterday until now, she had tried her best to overturn all the good impression that Li Mu had left on her. She saw him as a two-timer who deceived her daughter, her family, and took advantage of her daughter. In the end, according to her daughter's words, not only was Li Mu not deceiving her daughter, but it was her daughter who had schemed and schemed everything. This completely subverted her understanding of her daughter.

Zhao Ziqiu's crazy attitude and actions indeed shocked Xie Yun, but it also made her feel as if a bucket of cold water had been poured over her head.

She suddenly felt that her twenty years of education for Zhao Ziqiu, which she thought was very successful, was in fact a complete failure.

She could no longer control her emotions, and angrily reprimanded Zhao Ziqiu, "Ever since you were young, I've been teaching you that girls must build up their own psychological barriers. You must have the basic ability to resist the temptation of other people, things, and objects in society. At the same time, you must have your own persistence, your own pride, and your own principles. How could you have thrown all these to the back of your mind after just a year of school?!"

Zhao Ziqiu bit her lower lip, and she said with shame but seriousness, "Mom, everything you taught me, before I met Li Mu, I insisted on abiding by them. They've been very effective on everyone in my life all these years, except for Li Mu …"

Xie Yun said emotionally, "Why didn't it have any effect on Li Mu?!

No matter how much you like him, as long as you insist on a correct outlook on life, values, and the world, you should first ask him to choose between you and that girl, instead of blindly giving up your bottom line and blindly sacrificing yourself! "

At this point, Xie Yun's emotions became even more intense. She stared at Zhao Ziqiu's eyes, and said word by word, "Zhao Ziqiu, for the past twenty years, your father and I have spoiled you, spoiled you, and loved you. Our biggest hope for you isn't for you to get into a good school, get good grades, or make great contributions, but for you to be able to establish a correct outlook on life, values, and the world. As long as a girl's outlook is right, up, up, and up, even if the path is a little hard, at least she won't go down the wrong path. Your father and I have worked so hard just to give you a double insurance, to ensure that as long as your outlook is right, you, and will, you, and up, and blindly, your life., up your life up. up!"

You really disappoint me! "

Zhao Ziqiu rarely saw her mother's emotions fluctuate so much, and she had never heard her mother say such heavy words. Her heart seemed to be hit hard, and her tears suddenly burst out. She choked and said, "Mom, compared with what you have taught me since I was a child, I think Li Mu is more important to me. If I can't meet the person I love, I can be proud and reserved for the rest of my life. But since I have met him, I don't want to leave any regrets for myself."

Xie Yun asked her, "You are only twenty years old. What do you know about true love?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said very seriously, "I know, because I love Li Mu. I know the feeling of having no one but him."

"You …" Xie Yun was speechless for a moment.

Although Xie Yun was angry, she could see from Zhao Ziqiu's eyes how deep Zhao Ziqiu's love for Li Mu was. That kind of pure determination had never appeared even in her.

For a moment, Xie Yun couldn't help but admire this silly daughter of hers.

Xie Yun took a few minutes to calm down, and then said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Well, I will accept your explanation for the time being. I will not pursue the past. Let's talk about the future."

With that, Xie Yun sat up straight and said very seriously, "Let me make it clear to you first. I will never allow you to continue such an ambiguous relationship with Li Mu!

You have two choices. Either you make it clear to him immediately and let him make a clear choice between you and that girl, or you take the initiative to quit school and I will send you to study abroad. "

Zhao Ziqiu said subconsciously, "I don't choose either …"

Xie Yun blurted out, "No!

Zhao Ziqiu, don't push your luck. If your father finds out about this, with his temper, you will have to go back to Hangzhou tonight! "

Zhao Ziqiu said stubbornly, "I don't want to choose. I don't want to force Li Mu. If he loves me enough, he will make his own choice in the future. If he doesn't love me that much, I can accept it. But the only thing I can't accept is to be separated from him."

The anger that Xie Yun had just suppressed suddenly burned up again. She stood up and panted angrily. "You're so stubborn, aren't you?

Well, I'll call Li Mu and ask him to come here and give me an answer in person! "

As Xie Yun said this, she reached out to take out her mobile phone.

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly grabbed her wrist, crying and begging, "Mom, please don't force me. Indulge me this time and let me handle it myself, okay?"

Looking at Zhao Ziqiu's tear-stained face, Xie Yun felt very distressed even though she was angry. Her tone suddenly softened and said, "I force you for your own good. You follow Li Mu so ambiguously. If Li Mu doesn't love you one day, what will you do?

If Li Mu marries another woman a few years later, what will you do? "

Zhao Ziqiu said with tears, "Mom, I'm living a good life now, and I'm very satisfied. When I gave myself to Li Mu, I thought it through very clearly. I don't care whether his girlfriend is me or not. I just want to be with him in my own way. Even if we have to separate in the future, at least I can leave a good memory, and not regret that I didn't try to fight for him when I thought about it years later."

Looking at Zhao Ziqiu's firm eyes, Xie Yun's heart also softened. After a moment, she sighed and said, "Why did I give birth to such a silly girl like you? Your character is not like your father and me at all. Did the hospital make a mistake when you were born?"

Seeing that her mother had given up the idea of calling Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu's tense nerves finally relaxed a little. She leaned into Xie Yun's arms and said softly, "Mom, don't you think I have good taste?

When I fell in love with Li Mu, no one knew that he could have such great achievements. At that time, I thought I was like a rich lady in a Hong Kong drama who fell in love with an ordinary person. I didn't expect that a rich lady like me would fall in love with a rich man … "

Xie Yun sighed softly and said, "Tell me about you and Li Mu, from when you first met him."

Now that things had developed to this point, Zhao Ziqiu did not hold back in front of her mother. She held back her tears and smiled as she told her mother in detail about everything that had happened since she met Li Mu.

From the day she rode a bike from Yan Capital University to the National People's Congress Swimming Pool every day to swim, Zhao Ziqiu had already fallen in love with Li Mu. It was also from that day onwards that Zhao Ziqiu could not stop chasing after him in order to attract Li Mu's attention and make Li Mu fall in love with her as well.

The more Zhao Ziqiu talked, the more emotional she became, as if she was recalling the emotional journey between her and Li Mu. When talking about their first time, even Zhao Ziqiu's voice was full of affection. She couldn't help but smile and said with a silly smile, "Li Mu is too smart. It's too difficult to deceive him, so I thought about it for a long time and made preparations."

Looking at Zhao Ziqiu's silly smile, Xie Yun asked her softly, "What preparations did you make?"

Zhao Ziqiu tilted her head and said with a smile, "I do like Li Mu, and I'm willing to entrust everything to him, but I'm not a silly girl. I have to make sure whether he really has me in his heart or not. If he doesn't, it's meaningless for me to take the initiative. In that case, I'll definitely be very sad, but I certainly won't ask for a snub. So, I'm thinking of a way to test him. If he really doesn't have me in his heart, I won't disturb his life anymore; if I can test that he has me in his heart, then I only need this reason."

Xie Yun looked at Zhao Ziqiu, who was as persistent as a child, and her eyes reddened. Tears welled up in her eyes. She held her hand tightly, but couldn't say a word.

Zhao Ziqiu continued, "That night, I deliberately dressed up beautifully and lied to Li Mu that I had a drink in Sanlitun. I also told him that I was going to a friend's house to attend a party. Do you know how nervous Li Mu was at that time? He wouldn't let me go to the party no matter what. He even got me a room for me to sleep in. At that time, I knew that I was in Li Mu's heart. I'm quite silly sometimes. I'm silly to the point that I'm willing to do anything for him as long as I'm in his heart."

Hearing this, Xie Yun's heart ached for her silly daughter. When she thought of her daughter's persistence in love, her eyes became warm. She subconsciously turned her head away, and tears fell silently from the corners of her eyes.

Quietly wiping away her tears, Xie Yun gently held Zhao Ziqiu in her arms. She touched the back of her head and said to herself, "A girl like you deserves all the beauty in the world."

Zhao Ziqiu leaned into Xie Yun's arms and said foolishly, "I'm not that greedy. Sometimes, I really hope that Li Mu is the only one in the world who likes me."

Xie Yun asked her, "Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue. "In that case, I don't have to deal with so many strange pursuers every day. I can have more energy to do other things."

Xie Yun asked again, "What do you want to do with more energy?"