Chapter 1582

"Are you f * cking out of your mind?

Why are you making such a fuss over a song released by Li Mu?

If Li Mu farted in Hua Xia tomorrow, are you going to run over in a panic? "

George McMillan was in a bad mood as he looked at the breathless press spokesman. He almost opened his mouth to curse.

Recently, he just exploded at the mention of Li Mu's name.

He hated it when people mentioned Li Mu in front of him, as well as any pronunciations similar to Li Mu's name. He was annoyed to hear names like Lim and Liam. Even when he saw something related to lemon, he would be upset.

The reason might be that since he was beaten up by Li Mu, he had not been able to get back at him, nor had he been able to surpass Li Mu in any aspect.

They were both rich young men, but George McMillan felt that he had been crushed by Li Mu in all aspects, which made him extremely unhappy.

That was one of the reasons why he could not let Ronaldo go to Manchester City no matter what.

He felt that he had found the meaning of existence for the rest of his life, and that was to do everything he could to fight against Li Mu.

Ferguson looked at the press spokesman and asked in confusion, "Hank, what are you panicking about?

What does Li Mu's song have to do with us? "

The spokesman, Hank, said nervously, "To be exact, Li Mu forwarded a song, which was published by the Manchester City Club on YYtunes!"

"So-what?" Ferguson looked puzzled.

Hank hurriedly said, "The name of this song is' The Great Manchester United '!"

"F * ck me!" The CEO, Ferguson, and George McMillan were all stunned.

What the hell?

Manchester City Club had released a song called "The Great Manchester United Team"?

George McMillan cursed in exasperation, "Damn it, our club needs them to write songs for us?

I'll find a few f * cking litigators and sue them until they apologize publicly throughout England! "

Hank braced himself and said, "Mr. McMillan, you'd better listen to it first. It's not really a song, but a recording!"

George McMillan looked puzzled. "Recording?

What kind of recording? "

Hank said, "It's a recording about the three of you …"

George McMillan still didn't understand. Losing his patience, he said impatiently, "Don't beat around the bush with me. Hurry up and make it clear to me!"

Ferguson's heart skipped a beat, and he slapped his forehead in panic.

He seemed to have vaguely guessed what the recording was about …

He turned his head to look at CEO David Gill. David Gill's expression was also extremely flustered. The two men's IQ was considered to be on the same level. Both of them could see the same message in each other's eyes. "It's over. Something's going to happen!"

David Gill hurriedly turned on his computer. Ferguson hurriedly ran over and waited with trepidation for the computer to enter the system.

George McMillan was still cursing at the side. "Damn it, who the f * ck are they? How dare they publish a song related to us? I won't let go of this opportunity this time. I'll teach them a good lesson!"

After saying that, he still couldn't vent his anger. He spat and gritted his teeth. "Damn Li Mu!

Damned Manchester City! "

Ferguson glanced at George McMillan and thought to himself that this grandson had passed Cambridge with his anus, hadn't he?

Was his IQ so low?

The McMillan family had been dominating Europe for 50 years. How did their IQ level degenerate to this point in this generation?

While he was fretting, David Gill had already entered the desktop. He hurriedly opened Twitter and was ready to search for Li Mu.

The cursor was about to click on the search box when the gray default search content in the search box showed: Li Mu unravels the dirty inside story of British football …

"It's over …" David Gill's heart skipped a beat, but he still clicked on search.

Then, the search results page popped up. The first one was the Twitter post posted by Li Mu himself. There were now more than 300,000 comments and more than 200,000 retweets.

Since YYtunes itself was a product of the Makino Technology ecosystem, the song Li Mu shared, "The Great Manchester United," could be played directly in Twitter. David Gill's right hand trembled as he struggled to move the cursor to the play button. Next to him, Ferguson had already begun to break out in a cold sweat.

Thirty seconds after suddenly suffering from Parkinson's disease, David Gill finally clicked on the play button. When he clicked on it, George McMillan's voice said, "Alister, what did the original board of directors of your Manchester City team think?

Selling a Premier League club to a Hua Xia person?

A f * cking Hua Xia person?

Have your brains been eaten by dogs?

When did Britain decline to this point? "

George McMillan's voice was played through the high-end Dana sound system that David Gill had specially configured for the computer. George McMillan himself was stunned.

He was scolding Li Mu to his heart's content. When he heard this voice, he raised his head and asked, "What the f * ck is this?"

Ferguson said with a black face, "This is your recording …"

“Shit！”

George McMillan looked at David Gill and asked angrily, "David, why is my recording in your computer?

When was this recording?

Why does it feel so familiar … "

David Gill held his head and said, "George, are you kidding me?

Don't you know what the f * ck this is? "

George McMillan frowned. His focus was not on the content of David Gill's words, but on David Gill's attitude!

So he shouted angrily, "Damn you, Gill, please show some respect when you talk to me!"

David Gill looked at Ferguson in despair, and Ferguson also had a look of despair.

At this time, the recording continued, and Ferguson's voice came on.

"Alistair, save it. We won't give Cristiano Ronaldo to you."

"The English Football Association is useless. Alistair, go back and tell that Hua Xia person not to have any ideas about Cristiano Ronaldo anymore …"

"I can tell you this, no one has ever been able to beat me at the level of the English Football Association …"

Ferguson was in despair!

He knew very well what kind of problems he would face next.

First of all, this time Li Mu personally opened fire, and the firepower was too strong.

If Li Mu had an entire aircraft carrier battle group behind him, then what was he in comparison?

He was just the head coach of the militia battalion …

Secondly, he pretended to be arrogant in front of Manchester City's CEO, Alistair. First, he openly refused to follow the Premier League's rules, and then he boasted that he had a strong relationship with the English Football Association and was not afraid of anyone. He did not expect that the recording would be leaked online by Li Mu the moment he turned his head.

Finally, from the looks of it, his illustrious reputation was going to be ruined …

At this time, Twitter had exploded. Tens of millions of netizens were paying attention to the matter, not only because it was released by Li Mu, but also because the nature of the matter was too bad.

Racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination were extremely serious problems in Western countries, especially when well-known people made such remarks. They were bound to be publicly denounced by the people.

Ignoring the rules and trampling on the rules were also very serious problems in Western society. No matter who it was, once exposed, it would bring a huge sense of distrust to society.

This time, George McMillan and Alexander Ferguson were both firmly shouldering the blame, and no one could escape.

George McMillan realized in hindsight that he might have gotten into big trouble, and his arrogance suddenly disappeared. He stammered and asked David Gill, "David, this was released by Li Mu?"

David Gill looked at him with a look of concern for the mentally handicapped and nodded gently.

George McMillan sat dejectedly on the guest sofa and muttered, "It's over. I've gotten into big trouble …"

After saying that, he suddenly raised his head and looked at David Gill, asking, "That's right.

Did Li Mu say who the voices in the recording belonged to? "

David Gill shook his head.

George McMillan immediately breathed a sigh of relief and said, "That's good, that's good. I'm not as famous as Ferguson among ordinary people. They shouldn't be able to tell who I am."

Ferguson was stunned. He stared at George McMillan, trembling with anger.

This grandson seemed to be right. If Li Mu hadn't indicated who was who, most Britons wouldn't have been able to recognize George McMillan's voice. They wouldn't even know who he was. However, he was in trouble. There were probably very few people in Britain who couldn't recognize his voice. Moreover, his voice was everywhere on television and the Internet. They could find a random passage and know that it was him.

Just as Ferguson was feeling depressed, David Gill suddenly said, "George, although Li Mu didn't point out your name, Alister did."

George McMillan asked in surprise, "What do you mean?"

David Gill dragged the progress bar back. In the recording, just after he had scolded Alister, Alister had said in a very gentlemanly manner, "Mr. McMillan, the club's capital operation …"

After playing this part, David Gill looked at George McMillan with a look of concern for the mentally handicapped again and reminded him, "He called you Mr. McMillan, so someone from the McMillan family has to stand up for this matter. Besides, I think there's an 80% chance that this matter will be faced with the global public and a press apology will be held. If you don't appear, where can we find someone with the same voice as you?"

George McMillan's heart suddenly fell to the bottom of the valley. This time, he was really done for. He was afraid that Li Mu would make him infamous …

At this moment, George McMillan's cell phone rang. When he saw the word "Dad" on the screen, he immediately panicked.

George's father, William McMillan, was usually protective, but when he was really strict, it was really scary. There was a 99% chance that he was calling to scold him.