Chapter 466

On the street in May, hugging Su Yingxue under the street lamp as if there was no one else around was a great psychological satisfaction for Li Mu. The little woman hidden in Su Yingxue's heart was also activated by Li Mu. She gently leaned into his arms and regarded him as the whole world.

This beautiful moment made Li Mu's heart restless again. He unconsciously whispered in Su Yingxue's ear, "Why don't you not go back to the dormitory tonight?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and looked up at Li Mu. Her eyes were full of tenderness, but there was a little struggle and hesitation in her expression. "My aunt will definitely call me at night to check on me … It hasn't stopped since last time …"

Li Mu suddenly thought of it and sighed that he had forgotten about it.

Su Yuehua usually kept a close eye on Su Yingxue. Today, knowing that he drank a little and left with Su Yingxue, she probably kept a closer eye on him. Li Mu didn't want it to be like last time, when Su Yingxue was not in the dormitory, and Su Yuehua would call him every once in a while. She was so nervous as if the house was on fire.

So Li Mu looked up and sighed. "Let's go, I'll take you back to the dormitory."

This sentence was very easy, but his heart was quite melancholy.

Seeing his depressed face, Su Yingxue couldn't help but tiptoe to kiss his lips. After a long time, when their lips separated, she chuckled and said, "Don't be angry. I'll think of a way later. There will always be a chance."

Not long after Li Mu sent Su Yingxue back to the dormitory, Su Yuehua also drove her husband and daughter home. After taking a shower, she subconsciously picked up her cell phone to make a call. At this time every day, calling Su Yingxue's dormitory had become a routine for her.

After Wang Shaohua saw it, he subconsciously asked her, "Yingxue still has three years to go to school. Will you have to call for three years to check on her?"

Su Yuehua was stunned. She looked at her husband and then at her phone. For a moment, she couldn't decide.

Wang Shaohua advised, "That's enough. Ying Xue definitely knows what she's doing. Besides, if something really happens, can you really prevent it from happening by patrolling at night?"

Su Yuehua said, "Look at what you're saying, that's not what I meant."

Wang Shaohua asked, "Then what do you mean?"

"I …" Su Yuehua couldn't say it for a while. She said that she didn't mean it that way, but in fact, she was afraid that her niece would be stupid and suffer losses. But Wang Shaohua was right. This kind of thing couldn't be prevented by a phone call. What's more, she was now 100% satisfied with Li Mu. Some things might be better to let nature take its course than to impose constraints.

After hesitating for a while, Su Yuehua put down the phone and sighed, "Forget it. You're right. Children will grow up one day."

…

Chen Guanghua's factory had been shut down for three days. In these three days, he had almost worn out the soles of his shoes. But no matter who he found, they couldn't alleviate his situation at all. Because everyone's attitude was very clear — they couldn't help him.

No one could help him. At least with his ability, he didn't know anyone who could help him.

Chen Guanghua was getting more and more desperate. His wife, Zhang Lan, was the same. While they were struggling, that spoiled daughter of theirs didn't care. Every day, she cried, threw a tantrum, and threatened to hang herself. No matter what, she wanted them to think of a way to get her back into the Film Academy.

The couple didn't have the spare time to care about her, because if they didn't solve the problem in front of them, they could only wait for the factory to go bankrupt.

However, Chen Guanghua still couldn't find any key points. He couldn't even find out who was messing with him and why.

As time passed, not only did he fail to settle any of the related departments, but all the business partners that he had worked with sent him a stern reprimand. Unable to supply goods normally, he could only play the sympathy card and let his lawyer mediate with the other party's legal department. This was to prevent a bigger loss if they fell out and went to court.

For Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming, they weren't ready to let Chen Guanghua know the crux of the problem right now. To them, the more Chen Guanghua couldn't see through the truth, the more panicked he would be. They would torture him for a while first.

On the 9th of May, the YY gaming lobby began to make the final adjustments.

Miracle MU would officially start charging fees on the 15th of May. Li Mu didn't want the two games to clash, so he asked Kong Lingyu to release the YY gaming platform on Friday, the 10th of May at 8 pm.

Although Miracle MU was a game under Storm Entertainment, there were only so many users on the internet. If one officially charged fees and the other released a free gaming platform on the same day, there would be some conflicts.

To ensure the smooth launch of the YY gaming lobby on the 10th of May, Li Mu stayed at Makino Technology for the whole day to supervise the final preparations for the developers and testers to go online.

All the games had completed their second development. The visual, auditory, and user experience of the games were excellent. Li Mu played the games himself. He dared not say that the technology was comparable to the QQ games 10 years later, but it was at least at the level of the QQ gaming lobby around 2008. In fact, it was even better looking than the QQ gaming lobby of that era.

Everything went smoothly. Every pre-planned test went smoothly, so Li Mu was in a very relaxed mood. The YY gaming lobby was very important in the YY ecosystem because it was a chess and card puzzle game platform specially made for YY users. Its biggest mission was to increase the stickiness of YY users. Once this product was released, the gap between YY and QQ would be widened. From then on, Li Mu wouldn't have to worry about QQ anymore.

At the same time, Chen Guanghua's factory had been shut down for more than a week.

For the past week, Chen Guanghua had been like a stray dog, begging everywhere but to no avail. All the departments and companies that could deal with him were making things difficult for him at this time.

A few of the buyers had already turned hostile. Even if they were to re-order with other companies, the other party would need to adjust the production line, start the mold, trial production, pass the inspection, and mass production would take a considerable amount of time. Therefore, their lawyers began to calculate the losses caused by Chen Guanghua's breach of contract and were ready to go through the legal process.

However, it was still a long time before the factory could start operating. Chen Guanghua was forced to pay the fine, but the fire department asked him to come up with a rectification plan. He took the plan to the construction company and found out that the total cost of the whole thing was close to 46 million.

The construction company also said that if the plan was completed, Chen Guanghua's factory would definitely have the highest fire safety standards in the country. There was no one else, because the plan included all the requirements in the relevant laws and regulations, including those that were not required to be done, and those that were suggested to be done …

How could Chen Guanghua be a fool? He knew that before he figured out the root cause of the matter, even if he spent the money, the other party would still find other problems and eventually torture him to death. Therefore, he held a belief and begged everywhere, pretending to be weak, just to find out the cause of the matter first.

That day, Chen Guanghua ran around outside for nothing again. Since the incident, he had lost a lot of weight.

In the evening, when he was sitting in the car exhausted and ready to go home, the old leader, who had not heard from him for a long time, finally called him.

Seeing the old leader's phone call, Chen Guanghua immediately picked up and asked anxiously, "Old leader, how is it?

Have you found out who's messing with me? "

The old leader said, "Little Chen, I've helped you find out what you wanted to find out. Do you know how big of a mess you've made this time?"

Chen Guanghua hurriedly asked him, "Old leader, what's going on? Please tell me quickly. I've been worrying so much these past few days that my hair is about to fall out."

The old leader said, "This time, there are people from the Xu family who want to mess with you, and there are also people from the Chen family who want to mess with you. You've offended two people that you can't afford to offend at all. Do you still want your factory to start working again?

I don't think anyone can help you this time. "

Chen Guanghua subconsciously asked, "Which Xu family, which Chen family?"

The old leader said, "Look at the highest of the Xu family in Yanjing …"

As soon as these words came out, Chen Guanghua's heart skipped a beat. The highest of the Xu family, wasn't it the super family that was so huge that no one could compare to?

The Xu family's size and power were known throughout the country, but when had he offended the Xu family?

Before he could think carefully, he asked again, "Who is the Chen family?"

The old leader said, "Chen Xiangdong's son."

"Chen Xiangdong …" Chen Guanghua felt that the name was very familiar, but he couldn't remember who it was at the moment. He just vaguely felt that this person was from the government, so he searched through his memory of the Yanjing government's name list. However, after searching for a long time, he still couldn't find a matching person. The old leader reminded him, "Which department is the most popular right now?"

Chen Guanghua's head was dizzy. "You mean …"

The old leader hurriedly said, "Just know it yourself."

Chen Guanghua did know. With the old leader's reminder, he knew who the Chen Xiangdong he was talking about was. This really made his whole body go limp. This was a super department with real power. Whether it was in terms of power or resources, it was the most powerful department of the same level.

Chen Guanghua asked the old leader with a sad face, "Did you hear why they wanted to mess with me?"

The old leader nodded and said faintly, "I heard about it. I haven't been able to find out. Today, it was my grandson who told me. Did your wife provoke a young man with the surname Li in a restaurant a few days ago?"

Chen Guanghua's eyes instantly widened. Before he could say anything, the old leader reminded him, "My grandson said that a junior of the Xu family and Chen Xiangdong's son have a very close relationship with that young man with the surname Li. Your wife offended him at the time, so these two people naturally wanted to help him get back at them. You also know that young people of their age are very loyal."