Chapter 687

Wang Shaohua was dizzy from the two consecutive phone calls. Although he wasn't so confused that he couldn't distinguish the key points, he always felt that things had changed too fast, so fast that he couldn't accept it. He had just convinced himself that he would spend the next month with his child, and at the same time, spend some effort on the renovation of the house. He didn't expect that in the blink of an eye, two big bosses would call him one after another. It seemed that there was no hope for this "holiday".

In this case, he felt that Li Mu was even more unfathomable. It seemed that this young man was hiding countless secrets, and a little bit of it was enough to make people stunned.

Su Yuehua also muttered in her heart. She could accept the setting that Li Mu used 3321 to incubate an Alipay and made some money, but how could Li Mu have shares in a real estate company?

Looking at her husband's surprised look, it seemed that this Wanying Real Estate was very unusual.

From another perspective, no matter how this Wanying Real Estate was, just looking at the young man who talked to Li Mu, the first and second leaders of her husband's company were polite and submissive in front of him, it was enough to show that his identity must be quite high.

Su Yuehua felt that it was necessary to have a good chat with Su Yingxue to see what else Li Mu didn't know.

So, after dinner, Su Yuehua said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, don't stay in the dormitory tonight. Come home and accompany Xinran. She has been talking about you for the past two days."

Su Yuehua also didn't know how the relationship between Su Yingxue and Li Mu had progressed. Since she stopped calling Su Yingxue's dormitory every day, she lost control of the relationship between the two, so she deliberately asked her not to stay in the dormitory tonight. On the surface, she still maintained an attitude of pure speculation about her relationship with Li Mu.

Since her aunt said so, Su Yingxue naturally couldn't refuse. While nodding in agreement, she inadvertently looked at Li Mu with a bit of helplessness and apology in her eyes. Su Yuehua, who was sitting opposite, saw this scene, and her heart tightened. She estimated that the two were now living together, and the uncooked rice had most likely been cooked. It seemed that she had completely messed up the things that her brother and sister-in-law had entrusted to her.

At the entrance of the restaurant, Li Mu watched Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran's family of three leave in a taxi. He stood in the same place and looked at his Benz G55. His mind was still very clear, but after experiencing what Cai Zhi had done, he had made up his mind not to drink and drive again. Even if it was just a drop of alcohol, he had to be strict with himself and not touch the steering wheel. Therefore, he called Wang Yuanlang, who was secretly protecting him, and asked him to be his driver and help him drive the car back.

After returning home that night, Su Yuehua first whispered with her husband in the bedroom for a long time, and then pulled Su Yingxue to the bedroom to whisper to her, "Yingxue, tell aunt, how much do you know about Li Mu?"

Su Yingxue said with a little embarrassment, "I don't know much, and I have never taken the initiative to ask him."

Su Yuehua asked her, "Do you know about his real estate company?"

Su Yingxue shook her head and said, "I have never heard of it."

Su Yuehua looked surprised and said, "I remember that Wanying Real Estate is a company in Haizhou, and it is quite famous in Haizhou, right?"

Although Su Yuehua rarely returned to Haizhou, Haizhou was her hometown after all, and Wanying Real Estate was the largest real estate company in Haizhou, so she had more or less heard about it before.

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "I only know that Wanying Real Estate is the company of Song Liang, the middle-aged man standing next to Li Mu today."

Su Yuehua carefully thought for a moment, and her mind captured Song Liang's figure and appearance. When she thought of the other young man saying that Li Mu was a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate, and that Song Liang and Li Mu were both from Haizhou, she had a rough guess in her heart. When several clues came together, she concluded that this matter should not be groundless.

Su Yuehua couldn't help but ask again, "Hasn't Li Mu told you about these things?"

Su Yingxue shook her head and said, "He rarely talked to me about these things, and I didn't take the initiative to ask him."

Su Yuehua asked her in confusion, "Li Mu is your boyfriend. What does he do outside? Logically speaking, he should take the initiative to tell you."

Saying that, without waiting for Su Yingxue to answer, she asked again, "What else did Li Mu do outside?"

"Other …" Su Yingxue's expression suddenly became a little complicated. The fact that Li Mu was a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate didn't touch her at all, because the moment she saw Song Liang, she had already figured it out in her heart. She was not surprised that Li Mu was in the real estate business with him. Moreover, after knowing that Li Mu was the founder of Makino Technology, Su Yingxue's nerves had become a lot thicker. She naturally accepted the matter of Wanying Real Estate. What she was really struggling now was whether to tell her aunt about Makino Technology.

Su Yuehua saw that Su Yingxue was still hiding something from her, so she couldn't help but persuade her, "You and Li Mu are boyfriend and girlfriend. In the future, I won't ask you about many things, but you still have to tell me and your parents."

Su Yingxue nodded gently, hesitated for a moment, and said hesitantly, "Li Mu founded an Internet company last year …"

Su Yuehua was not surprised. She nodded gently and said, "I know, Alipay. I heard that Alipay is a company he registered separately outside."

"No …" Su Yingxue pursed her lips and didn't say a word for a long time. Su Yuehua was a little anxious, so she said, "I'm not talking about Alipay, I'm talking about Makino Technology …"

"Makino Technology …" When Su Yuehua heard these words, she felt her mind go blank. She was stunned for a long time before she recovered. She looked at Su Yingxue and asked, "You said Makino Technology, the YY Makino Technology, is Li Mu's company?"

Su Yingxue looked at Su Yuehua, who seemed to have begun to doubt her life, and nodded gently.

Su Yuehua slapped her forehead and said incoherently, "No, no, I'm a little dizzy. Let me rest for a while … Makino Technology was founded by Li Mu … How is that possible … I heard that the company's valuation is at least a few billion …"

Su Yingxue sat there awkwardly without saying a word. She knew very well how shocking this news was. Her aunt might need a long time to digest it.

Su Yuehua muttered to herself, "Li Mu, Makino Technology, both have the word" Mu "in them. The movie that Li Mu introduced to Xinran was invested by Makino Image. It also has the word" Mu "and" Mu ". If that's the case, then Makino Image must also belong to Li Mu …"

"Makino Technology, Alipay, Makino Image, Wan Ying Real Estate … How many things did Li Mu cause …" Su Yuehua muttered to herself for a long time.

Su Yuehua muttered to herself for a long time before recovering from her shock. She looked at Su Yingxue and sighed, "Yingxue, you've found yourself a monster that can scare people to death …"

Su Yingxue didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Su Yuehua's evaluation. Su Yuehua hurriedly said, "Auntie didn't mean to be derogatory. I just think that this Li Mu is really beyond the imagination of ordinary people …"

Su Yingxue nodded, "It was hard for me to accept when I first found out."

Su Yuehua asked her, "Aren't you going to tell your parents about this?"

Su Yingxue said, "I don't plan to do that for now."

Su Yuehua said, "Your parents really didn't want you to date before, and they weren't targeting Li Mu. Moreover, at that time, they didn't know anything about Li Mu's achievements. If they knew about Li Mu's current achievements, I'm sure they wouldn't oppose the two of you being together."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and said, "Let's not talk about it for now. Whether my relationship with Li Mu succeeds or not doesn't necessarily depend on them." Su Yuehua saw that Su Yingxue's expression was a little sad.

In her heart, she understood Su Yingxue's mentality very well. Her boyfriend suddenly had such a high achievement, which indirectly put a lot of pressure on Su Yingxue. The higher a man's achievement, the more temptations there are in society. Both of them were still young, and no one knew to what extent they would develop in the future. Especially Li Mu, who had such a high starting point at such a young age, no one could be sure what heights he would reach in the future. Even if her brother and sister-in-law didn't interfere with their relationship, there would still be huge variables in the future, and these variables might not be something that the Su family could control.

If her brother and sister-in-law knew about this, they wouldn't have any objections. They would be satisfied to treat Li Mu as their future son-in-law. If one day Li Mu changed his mind, it would be a huge blow to her brother and sister-in-law. Instead of that, it was better to not let them know first and let the two young people develop on their own. It would be best if they became more and more determined, but if they went astray, it wouldn't make her family worry too much.

But, what were the chances of Li Mu changing his mind in the future?

Su Yuehua wasn't sure. Among the people she knew, there were only a few who had millions in assets, not to mention Li Mu, who was a super rich man with a net worth of hundreds of millions or even billions. She didn't know this kind of rich man's attitude towards life and relationships, but at least one thing was clear. A young man like Li Mu would definitely become an existence that all sorts of female stars would flock to. Su Yingxue's future pressure and challenges would definitely be unavoidable. If in the end, it was like drawing water with a bamboo basket, then the feeling of falling apart would probably be much greater than a normal relationship.

Thinking of this, Su Yuehua couldn't be happy and even began to worry about her niece's future.

That night, Su Yuehua worriedly told Wang Shaohua about the matter. Like herself, Wang Shaohua was also shocked by the news and didn't recover for a long time. After gradually accepting this fact, Wang Shaohua also had the same worries as Su Yuehua. The speed of Li Mu's growth and the height he had reached were simply shocking. In this case, on one hand, he was happy for Su Yingxue, on the other hand, he subconsciously felt that the future between these two young people was full of various variables.