Chapter 1499

At the cocktail party, Steve Johnson, the CEO of Sequoia Capital, also thought that Li Mu and Anne Hathaway were a perfect match.

Steve Johnson, who had been chatting with several big shots in the capital circle, had an idea when he saw Li Mu and Anne Hathaway unconsciously acting intimately from afar.

Steve Johnson had been paying attention to Li Mu. Seeing that he had finished chatting with Spielberg and Anne Hathaway, Steve Johnson walked up to Spielberg with a glass of wine in his hand and said to him with a smile, "Steve, your friend is missing!"

Spielberg looked up and saw him. He smiled in surprise and said, "Hello, Mr. Johnson. It's really been a long time!

I didn't expect you to be here today. "

Steve Johnson smiled and said, "Makino Technology is a partner of Sequoia. How could I not come to support such a big event?"

Steve Johnson looked at Spielberg and asked, "I heard that you have been shooting a movie in Hua Xia recently?"

"Yes." Spielberg nodded and said, "I have been busy shooting a movie recently."

Then, Spielberg introduced Steve Johnson, "Leonardo, Tom Hanks, and Anne Hathaway. You should know them, right?"

"Of course, of course."

Steve Johnson said with a smile, "The three of them are very famous in Hollywood, and they are all actors that I like very much."

Spielberg hurriedly introduced him to the other three people, "Steve Johnson, the CEO of Sequoia Capital."

While Spielberg was introducing himself, Steve Johnson shook hands with the three people one by one. People from Hollywood were very familiar with politicians and capitalists, so the three of them had heard of Steve Johnson.

Unlike most professional CEOs, Steve Johnson was also one of the shareholders of Sequoia Capital. In addition, he also owned a number of successful private equity funds and was very famous in the capital market. People like him might only be worth a few tenths of Li Mu, but the key was that he had strong resources in the capital market. As long as he asked, a large amount of hot money would take the initiative to converge on him. He could gather hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars in cash at any time, and no one dared to look down on him.

They greeted Steve Johnson one after another, and Steve Johnson responded very politely. Then, his eyes focused on Anne Hathaway.

"Miss Anne, can I have a private chat with you?"

Anne Hathaway didn't know why Steve Johnson wanted to have a private chat with her on their first meeting, but out of politeness, she nodded gently.

Steve Johnson apologized to the other three people, then walked with Anne Hathaway to an empty corner. Then, Steve Johnson asked her, "Miss Anne, I wonder if you are interested in attending a private party in London in the second half of next month?"

"Party?"

Anne Hathaway looked at Steve Johnson in astonishment. She didn't know what was going on.

Steve Johnson explained, "This party is held once every three years by members of the British royal family and some local nobles in the United Kingdom. In addition to the royal families and nobles from all over the world, some well-known families and entrepreneurs are also invited. This party usually lasts about five days, and we will be responsible for all the necessities and accommodations."

Black Tie literally meant black tie, but in the upper class, it represented the standard of a party. Generally, Black Tie participants, regardless of gender, had to dress up. In the upper class, apart from public occasions, this kind of party was the highest standard.

Anne Hathaway had heard a little about this kind of Black Tie party held by the British royal family and aristocrats when she was in Hollywood. It was said that this kind of party was said to be the world's top social gathering, and she had never heard of any Hollywood movie stars being invited to it.

After all, the European royal family and aristocrats were somewhat incompatible with the American culture. The former had looked down on the latter for centuries. She was really surprised that Steve Johnson suddenly invited her.

However, Steve Johnson himself was British, born in an extraordinary old aristocratic family in the United Kingdom. He had been attending the world's top Black Tie party since he was an adult, and had not missed a single one. With his status, he was also qualified to invite his friends to the party. Therefore, if he invited Anne Hathaway, then Anne Hathaway would have the opportunity to attend the party.

Seeing that Anne Hathaway was stunned, Steve Johnson explained, "Miss Anne, to tell you the truth, the reason why I want to invite you is that I'm also going to invite Li Mu, and I think that if you show up, the chances of Li Mu accepting the invitation will be higher."

Only then did Anne Hathaway understand that Steve Johnson had an ulterior motive.

However, instead of feeling disappointed, she felt a burst of joy in her heart. Steve Johnson's words seemed to mean that he felt that Li Mu would accept the invitation because of her. Could it be that he said this for some reason that she did not know?

Seeing that Anne Hathaway did not speak for a long time, but blushed, Steve Johnson felt even more confident. He struck while the iron was hot and said, "Miss Anne, you don't have to be too embarrassed. I have a meeting with Li Mu tonight. If you're willing, I can tell him that you'll be there. If he still refuses, it doesn't matter if you don't want to go, I can completely understand, and I'll definitely keep it a hundred percent confidential."

Anne Hathaway hesitated for a moment, then nodded shyly and said, "Mr. Johnson, if Li Mu agrees, I have no problem …"

…

Li Mu did not pay attention to Steve Johnson. At the moment, he was holding a glass of wine and looking for Mark Zuckerberg, who was sitting alone in the corner.

In this cocktail party, apart from Li Mu, Mark Zuckerberg was the youngest. He was not as outgoing as Li Mu, so he seemed a little out of place.

Everyone else was chatting in groups of three or four, while Mark Zuckerberg held a glass of non-alcoholic soda and stood alone in a corner. He had nothing to do and looked around with an awkward smile.

To Mark Zuckerberg, he was like a child who had barged into an adult club. His most obvious experience was that he was at a loss.

When Li Mu was chatting with Spielberg and the others, he noticed Mark Zuckerberg's predicament in the distance. After exchanging greetings with them for a while, he found an excuse to leave for the time being and came to Mark Zuckerberg with a glass of whiskey.

When Mark Zuckerberg was bored, Li Mu suddenly appeared in his sight. He asked him with a smile, "Hey, Mark, why are you standing there alone?"

Seeing that it was Li Mu, Mark Zuckerberg scratched his head and said with a shy smile, "I'm not doing anything, I'm just daydreaming."

Li Mu asked him, "Why don't you go and chat with the others?"

Mark Zuckerberg laughed at himself and said, "I don't think I can chat with them."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Whether you can chat with them or not, you'll have to chat with them first."

After that, Li Mu said, "Many of the people who came today are very famous in Silicon Valley, and there are also very famous big shots in the venture capital industry. If you get to know them, you might be able to get more help in the future."

Mark Zuckerberg nodded and said, "Then I'll try to chat with them later."

Li Mu said, "It's best not to drink non-alcoholic beverages when chatting with others in this kind of situation. A glass of wine will show more sincerity, and it can also shorten the actual age gap."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly said, "Then I'll go get a glass of wine later."

Li Mu waved his hand and called a waiter over. He said to him, "Give this gentleman a glass of whiskey."

"Okay, Li Zong."

The waiter quickly came over with a glass of whiskey and handed it to Mark Zuckerberg.

Li Mu raised his glass and clinked it with Mark Zuckerberg's glass. Then he took a sip and asked him, "How's Facebook recently?"

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly took a sip of whiskey. The alcohol made him cough for a long time, and he coughed until his face was red. He said to Li Mu, "Facebook has been growing very fast recently. According to your reminder, Li Zong, we deliberately strengthened and emphasized the function of finding people on Facebook. This function has been greatly recognized by users. Now we have more than five million registered users, and more than six hundred thousand daily users. Compared to the last time you went to Harvard, it's five times more."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Looks like you've found the way to go viral. Keep up the good work. I think you can have at least two to three million daily users by the end of the year."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Rapid promotion also costs a lot of money. I'm still looking for ways to cash in. If there's no good way to cash in, the speed of development has to be appropriate."

Li Mu asked him, "How much money have you spent?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "You and your fund invested a total of 6.02 million. So far, 3.3 million has been spent, and there's still 2.7 million left."

Li Mu asked again, "How many employees do you have at this stage?"

"Thirty-three."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "Most of these people are marketing staff, and there are technical teams."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If you're worried about money, you don't think it's necessary at all. I can add another round of investment as Facebook's Pre-A round of financing."

Mark Zuckerberg said, "I don't feel confident if we keep burning money. The more users we have, the higher the cost of the company. If we can't cash in, it's easy to fall into a situation where the capital chain is broken."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The current social media industry is like the real estate industry before it exploded. Not only is the business growing rapidly, but the recognition of capital is also increasing rapidly. What you have to do now is to use all your money to exchange for real estate at all costs. Even if you spend all your money, even if you're in debt, it doesn't matter. Once the real estate market explodes, you'll be able to immediately reap huge profits."

Mark Zuckerberg hesitated for a moment and nodded. "Li Zong, give Facebook a valuation, and then increase the capital according to the valuation. I can't take out cash, so I'll dilute my shares."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "I'll directly add another five million USD in this round of investment. You don't need to dilute your shares, and you don't need to make any changes to the share structure. Just do whatever you want after you get the money. As for the cash, you don't have to worry too much about it."

Mark Zuckerberg quickly said, "Li Zong, this is too unfair to you. Since you're increasing the investment, it's natural for me to dilute my shares …"

Li Mu smiled and patted him on the shoulder, saying, "Cut the crap. I'm the controlling shareholder of the company, so listen to me on this kind of issue."