Chapter 429

By the time they were done, it was already 9: 30 in the morning. Wang Yanan had been tense and sad the whole night. At this time, she was so tired that she couldn't sit still. Zhao Ziqiu finally persuaded her to go back and rest. After all, her mother was in the ICU. Even if she stayed at the door, she wouldn't have a chance to see her.

Li Mu drove the two of them to Wang Yanan's rented house nearby. Wang Yanan was extremely tired. After returning to the room, she fell asleep on the master bed that her mother had been sleeping in.

Seeing that Wang Yanan had fallen asleep from extreme exhaustion, Zhao Ziqiu's face was full of heartache as he said, "Yanan has really been too tired recently. She's been accompanying you in the hospital all this time and hasn't had a good night's sleep. She was really scared last night when you suddenly dressed up."

Li Mu sighed and asked her, "Did you rush here from school last night or have you been in the hospital?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I've been here the whole time. Zhengdao went out of town, so I came to accompany her and help her share some of the burden."

Li Mu said, "You didn't sleep much last night. Why don't I send you back to the dormitory to rest?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "No, I have to watch Yanan. At least, I can't let her wake up and find that she's alone."

Li Mu said, "Then go in and sleep with her for a while."

Zhao Ziqiu yawned. Her face was full of fatigue, but she still shook her head and said, "I don't sleep well. I'll disturb her rest."

Li Mu said, "But you can't just sit here. Why don't you sleep in the room next door?"

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and asked, "What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I'll go back after you sleep."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "Are you going back to Yucheng Garden?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded. "I'll go back and rest for a while too."

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and hesitated for a moment before saying in a low voice, "If you leave, I'll be a little panicked by myself."

Li Mu didn't think too deeply about it and said, "Then I'll watch you fall asleep before I leave."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly nodded.

When Wang Yanan's mother's condition wasn't that serious, the second bedroom of this house was used by Wang Yanan and Hu Zhengdao. Later, when Wang Yanan's mother's condition worsened and she was hospitalized again, the two National People's Congress members spent part of the time in the hospital accompanying her. Thus, this house was basically left empty. The bed in the second bedroom had already been taken away for fear of dust, leaving only a bare bed board.

Seeing this, Zhao Ziqiu sighed and said, "I think I'd better not sleep. I'll just endure it."

Li Mu said, "It's better to sleep for a while. I'll see if the bedding is in the closet."

After saying that, he opened the closet and sure enough, the quilt, mattress, and pillow were all there. Two clean four-piece sets were also neatly stacked in the closet, so he said, "Come, let's make the bed. You should sleep for a while."

Then, Li Mu took out the mattress from inside and spread it on the bed. He said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Go get a set of four-piece sets. Let's put the quilt on together."

Zhao Ziqiu obeyed and just pulled out a stack of four-piece sets. Suddenly, a rectangular paper box fell out of the stack and fell to the ground with a thud. Zhao Ziqiu let out a cry and put the four-piece set on the mattress. She lowered her head to pick it up.

A string of striking English words were written on the box that glowed with colorful light. There were also some Chinese words next to it. Zhao Ziqiu picked it up and read the words curiously. She said, "Jissbon, natural latex rubber …"

At this point, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't read any more. Her face also turned red.

Li Mu turned his head and saw that she was holding a box of flashing condoms in her hand. Moreover, it had been opened.

It seemed that this should be Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan's private items. The relationship between the two could be said to have gone through a series of harsh tests, and it had long broken through the shackles.

Zhao Ziqiu, who was blushing, hurriedly put the box of condoms back into the closet. She deliberately pretended that nothing had happened and said to Li Mu, "Let's put the bed sheets together first."

Li Mu made a sound of agreement and spread the bed sheets. They each held one end and spread the bed sheets on the bed. Then, they put the quilt on. Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "It's already past ten o 'clock. Hurry up and sleep."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I'll sit for a while. I'll leave when you fall asleep."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. She wanted to say something but held back. She glanced at Li Mu and pursed her lips. Then, she generously took off her sweater in front of him, revealing a purple tight-fitting underwear. Then, she unbuttoned the front button of her jeans and pulled them down to her knees, revealing the same tight-fitting purple bottoms as her upper body. She crossed her legs in front of Li Mu and said to him, "Hurry up and help me pull them."

Zhao Ziqiu was so casual, which made Li Mu feel somewhat unnatural. As he helped her take off her pants, he tried his best to restrain his eyes from glancing at her chest. But every time he thought of the intimate contact he had with them in the car in the early morning, Li Mu couldn't control himself.

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly realized that Li Mu could also be shy.

So, she stared at Li Mu with her big eyes and said with a smile, "Why are you so shy?"

Li Mu glanced at her. Seeing that there was a different look in her eyes, he became even more unnatural. "What's there to be shy about?"

Zhao Ziqiu's jeans were taken off by Li Mu, and the purple long-sleeved and trousers underwear on her body perfectly wrapped up every inch of her body. It was not exposed at all, but the charm it released could be said to be fatal.

Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu was still stubborn and his eyes were still a little evasive, so she asked Li Mu, "What do you think of my body?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Very good, first-class."

Zhao Ziqiu asked again, "Then what about my appearance? Is it acceptable?"

Li Mu said, "Of course, it's also first-class."

"Then what do you think of me?

In terms of temper and personality. "

Li Mu said, "Also very good."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded, but she was a little disappointed and said, "Li Mu, don't you think I've suffered a loss?"

"What loss?"

"You just said that my body, appearance, temper, and personality are all good, so I should be considered an excellent girl. I'm such a girl. Last time when I was with you at the airport, I kissed you and touched you. Before I left, I specially told you to come to Hangzhou during the winter vacation. I have the best gift for you, but you just didn't come. It's fine if you don't come, but why are you not even willing to see me face to face now?"

Li Mu said hurriedly, "I'm not unwilling. Besides, there are really too many things to do during the New Year …"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said, "I don't believe you. You know what gift I'm talking about. If you really want it, you can spare some time."

Li Mu said, "I …"

He only said one word, but he didn't know how to continue.

Seeing that Li Mu was embarrassed, Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and said, "Forget it, I won't make it difficult for you. But I'm very sleepy right now, and I want to sleep for a while."

Li Mu said hurriedly, "Then you sleep. I'll stay here to watch over you."

"Idiot, you're sleepy too!"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "You didn't sleep last night, so don't drive back. Why don't you sleep here for a while? Besides, I don't feel safe right now. If you leave, I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep."

Li Mu wanted to politely decline, but when he saw Zhao Ziqiu's dark eyes, he swallowed the words that were on the tip of his tongue. After a slight hesitation, he secretly clenched his teeth and pretended to be relaxed. "Okay."

Li Mu took off his shirt and pants, revealing a thin pair of long johns. He and Zhao Ziqiu had been intimate before, so after Li Mu adjusted his mentality, he didn't feel too awkward. He just thought that she must be mentally and physically exhausted after staying up with Wang Yanan all night, so if he could help her sleep better, he wouldn't refuse. What's more, deep in his heart, his feelings for Zhao Ziqiu weren't any less than his feelings for Su Yingxue. This cute and obedient girl who always took the initiative had already broken through his heart, but he had been deceiving himself all along.

After Li Mu laid down, his arms and shoulders pressed against Zhao Ziqiu's. The two of them stayed in this position for about a minute. Then, just like last time in the car, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly became brave and threw herself into Li Mu's arms. She murmured in his ear, "Li Mu, hug me …"

Li Mu, who had been struggling to control himself, couldn't help himself. He turned and hugged Zhao Ziqiu's burning hot body tightly, kissing her lips and neck like crazy.

Zhao Ziqiu responded to Li Mu with the same intensity. At the same time, she couldn't help but wriggle in Li Mu's arms like a little loach, which made Li Mu's fire burn even more.

Li Mu reached his hand into Zhao Ziqiu's back. At the same time, he untied the two rows of hooks on her bra and played with Zhao Ziqiu's perfect breasts in his palm. Zhao Ziqiu was a little dazed. She whispered in Li Mu's ear with a voice as soft as a mosquito, "Li Mu, I love you. Even if you're with Su Yingxue, I'll still love you. I want to be with you. It doesn't matter if you like Su Yingxue more. I'm willing to be the immoral and shady third party, as long as I can be with you …"

Under the influence of passion and lust, Li Mu was a little impulsive, but his thinking was still rational. He looked at Zhao Ziqiu in front of him. Looking at her serious and sincere look, there was only one thought in his mind. "I've lived two lives. How can I let such a woman down …"

Yes, how could he let her down?

Li Mu hugged her tightly in his arms and whispered between her ears. He panted and said to her, "The gift you promised me, I want to take it …"

Zhao Ziqiu burst into tears. She was surprised, happy, and embarrassed. She whispered in Li Mu's ear, "It's not convenient today. Can we do it another day?

Next week … "

Li Mu instantly understood the meaning of her words. He nodded gently, and the fire in his body gradually calmed down. He hugged Zhao Ziqiu and said softly, "Then I'll hug you to sleep."