Chapter 1693

Schwarzenegger's celebration party in Hollywood was very lively.

Since media reporters were prohibited from entering the venue, these Hollywood celebrities could also unload the burden of idols and get involved.

It could also be that the inauguration ceremony in Sacramento was too serious and formal, so when they arrived in Hollywood and Schwarzenegger's private villa, everyone was very open.

Schwarzenegger also took off his suit and changed into relatively casual and comfortable clothes, drinking with his friends.

The early winter in Los Angeles was not cold. The entire first floor of the villa, as well as the entire lawn in the courtyard, was full of celebrities drinking to their heart's content. The atmosphere was particularly warm.

It was said that there would be a large-scale parade in downtown Los Angeles tonight to celebrate Schwarzenegger's official inauguration. It could be seen that not only Hollywood, but all of Los Angeles was in a carnival because of Schwarzenegger.

At the beginning of the party, Du Wei was taken by Celine Dion to shuttle among the top singers and musicians.

While Celine Dion introduced Du Wei to these big names in the music industry, she did not forget to help her fight for various resources from those musicians. After a round, Du Wei received more than a dozen promises to write songs, and one song from each of them was enough to release an album.

Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah were not too busy socializing. Instead, they each held a glass of champagne, found a comfortable and quiet corner, and discussed specific business ideas.

Li Mu attached great importance to enhancing the tourism exchange between Hua Xia's first-tier cities and California. It was not only to enhance the West's understanding of Hua Xia and let the West understand the beauty of Hua Xia, but it was also to improve their own business.

Taobao had never been in the travel and tourism related business, but this would be a market of hundreds of billions or even trillions of dollars in the future. If they did not seize the time to cut in, it was likely to lose the initiative in the future like Taobao did with flying pigs.

However, if Taobao were to start from the domestic tourism business now, it would directly fall into the position that Ctrip had been working on for a long time. This was equivalent to throwing their own troops into the hinterland of others.

Rather than that, it would be better to leave the domestic market aside and snatch Hua Xia's overseas market, which no one was competing with him for. Once the overseas market was occupied by him, he would make a comeback in the domestic market.

Schwarzenegger greeted his friends and finally came to Li Mu with a glass of whiskey. Seeing that he and Lin Ching-ah were chatting happily in Chinese, he smiled and asked, "Mr. Lee, Miss Lin, what are you guys talking about? Is it convenient for me to join?"

Li Mu smiled and pointed at the single sofa on his right. "Arnold, you came at the right time. We want to talk to you about our cooperation."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly said, "That's great. Don't look at me drinking and chatting with them now. I'm actually looking forward to taking office next Monday. I can't wait to do something different."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's great. I told you before about strengthening the tourism cooperation between first-tier cities in Hua Xia and California. I'm preparing to start in the near future."

Schwarzenegger said excitedly, "If there's anything you need me to do, just let me know."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "It's like this. I want to set up a summit forum in Hua Xia for the tourism industries of both sides. I want to invite the more famous and powerful companies from both sides to participate. This way, we can integrate our resources as soon as possible and formulate a few more attractive tourist routes. Then, we can quickly start promoting this business."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly nodded and said, "What areas do you need companies in?

I'll get someone to screen them tomorrow, and then I'll personally communicate with them. "

Li Mu said, "We definitely need airlines. I want to at least export more than 100,000 outbound tourists through the routes we've developed next year. At the same time, we'll accept at least 150,000 inbound tourists from California. Then, it will grow exponentially every year. This first needs the cooperation of the airlines of both sides."

Schwarzenegger said, "How about this? I'll communicate with American Airlines and see what they think. However, I think they'll be very interested."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Also, we need a hotel group. It needs to be a medium-large hotel group, the kind that has at least three to five hotels in their hands."

"No problem."

Schwarzenegger said, "I'll get my secretary to sort it out and see which ones meet the criteria."

Li Mu added, "The rest are tourism companies."

Schwarzenegger immediately said, "I'll communicate with these companies immediately and get them to reply to me as soon as possible."

After saying that, Schwarzenegger asked again, "Li Zong, when is the summit forum going to be held?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "In a week. Let the interested companies leave their contact information. I'll arrange for someone to send them an electronic invitation."

Schwarzenegger said, "Why the rush?

I'm afraid I have a lot of things to do in a week. It'll be very difficult for me to rush over. "

Li Mu said, "You don't need to rush over. Also, if you participate in the summit forum, it will make the forum look very official. That's not very appropriate. My idea is that the people participating in this forum should all be the people in charge of the tourism industry. Try not to invite any government personnel from either country to participate."

Schwarzenegger nodded and said, "That's good. Otherwise, I really don't know how to get out of this."

Li Mu said, "This is a travel exchange between people. It's completely civil. Although we can publicize that you're the one behind this, it's better if you don't participate directly."

Schwarzenegger also knew Li Mu's intention. If he directly participated in this summit forum, the nature of this matter would escalate.

He was a Hollywood star and the governor of California. For a forum with political elements, his identity as the governor of California was obviously more eye-catching. This way, once he participated, this forum would naturally rise to the level of diplomatic affairs or cooperation between the two countries.

After all, if the governor of California was involved, then Hua Xia would have to arrange for at least a mayor of a first-tier city. The two of them would also need to have various meetings and media interviews. This would inevitably affect efficiency.

Therefore, Li Mu still hoped that this kind of cooperation would be done among the people and let the companies play a role. This way, it would be relatively easier for companies to communicate with each other.

…

The next day, Schwarzenegger conveyed Li Mu's idea of the "China-US Tourism Industry Summit Forum" to American Airlines, several hotel groups, and tourism groups.

Since it was organized by Li Mu and he was endorsing the future tourism cooperation, all the American companies that were invited showed great interest in the event.

Whether it was American Airlines or the medium and large hotel management groups and tourism groups in California, they had not really tapped the potential of the Hua Xia market at this stage, nor had they obtained considerable benefits from Hua Xia's outbound tourism market.

However, they were all full of expectations for the Hua Xia market. After all, it was a country with a population of 1.3 billion, and its economic development was the fastest in the world. Its outbound tourism market in the future was limitless.

Schwarzenegger fed back the positive attitude of these companies to Li Mu, and Li Mu immediately began to communicate with the country.

He decided that Makino Technology and Taobao would jointly host this summit forum and form a working group for the summit forum. The main person in charge would be Lei Jun Lei Jianguo.

At the same time, Li Mu also gave the working group a task: to communicate with the tourism related companies in the four first-tier cities in the country as soon as possible, as well as the three major airlines, Air China, Southern Airlines, and Eastern Airlines, and ask them to confirm whether they would participate in this summit forum as soon as possible. If they decided to participate, then they would select the candidates as soon as possible.

Since Li Mu attached great importance to this business, he changed his itinerary at the last minute. This time, he would not go to Harvard University on the East Coast for this trip to the United States. Instead, he would return directly from Hollywood and personally oversee this summit forum.

The forum was set to be held a week later in Beijing at a five-star resort hotel at the foot of the Great Wall.

After staying in Hollywood for another day, Li Mu took Du Wei and Lin Ching-ah back to China by plane.

In the future, Li Mu hoped that Lin Ching-ah would be responsible for the docking with the relevant American companies and the integration of these resources. Therefore, he let her return to China to participate in the forum and participate in it fully.

…

After returning to China, Li Mu immediately convened the entire working group for a meeting. He told them in detail about his intentions for this section and pointed out the direction for the entire team.

First of all, the tourism business would be a big business in the future, and the outbound tourism market of Hua Xia would become bigger and bigger in the future. Now, even companies like Ctrip had not really put their efforts into outbound tourism. This was a great opportunity for Makino Technology to seize the opportunity.

Second, what Li Mu wanted to do now was a complete set of outbound tourism services. He would first integrate the resources, then break them down and package them into various products to sell to the users.

For example, he would first integrate the tourism resources of the four first-tier cities in the country. Assuming that there were a total of 200 scenic spots in the four cities, these 200 scenic spots could be like a buffet for the users to choose freely.

If the user was free to travel, he could choose any combination of the 200 scenic spots and then place an order through his own platform. This way, from the plane tickets to the hotel, from the tourist transportation to the specific tour, and then to the tickets for the various scenic spots that he chose, he could customize and buy them all on this platform.

After the user made a package purchase, the platform would book and settle the accounts with different resource providers according to the different needs of the user.

If it was a group tour, it would be even simpler.

The operators only needed to develop a number of different amounts, different destinations, and different combinations for the user to make a choice.

Among these slots, there might be only one city's scenic spots, or it might include scenic spots in four cities. The user could choose according to his general preferences and price budget.

In the future, Ctrip, Qunai, Tuniu, and Flying Pig were mainly carrying out this kind of travel package.

For example, if a user wanted to travel to Southeast Asia, whether it was a free trip or a group tour, there were many different combinations of packages. From the lowest package of a single city to the highest package of several countries and multiple cities, the user could slowly choose from a variety of packages. The degree of customization was very high.