Chapter 215

The other two young men on the sofa didn't speak. One of them, who was slightly older and about the same age as Chen Ze, said, "Fatty Wang, don't always use your speculative thinking to measure others. Although it's fast to earn money through education, it can't really make a lot of money."

Fatty Wang glared at him and said, "You only know how to talk nonsense. Who said education can't make a lot of money?

It's just that the time isn't right yet. Look at New Oriental, it's valued at more than one billion. "

The young man snorted disdainfully and said, "You said it yourself, that's the valuation. The valuation is to deceive investors, and the false reports are very exaggerated. I advise you to shift your energy to the Internet. This is the best opportunity to make money in the future."

Fatty Wang shook his head and said stubbornly, "The internet is too frothy. The water is too deep. I'm more inclined to do some business."

Then, he put on a serious expression and said, "Brother Ze, Jiaming, are you interested in opening a nightclub?

I heard that Sanlitun Workers' Sports Complex is planning to do an entertainment business. A few nightclubs have already started to be renovated. "

Chen Ze rolled his eyes at him, "Did a donkey kick your head?

Can I do that kind of business?

Won't my old man skin me alive? "

Fatty Wang suddenly realized and apologized, "Sorry brother Ze, it's my fault. I didn't think it through."

With that, Fatty Wang picked up a bottle of beer and gulped it down.

Chen Ze said, "Actually, I've been paying attention to this before. Nightclubs do make money quickly, but that industry is also prone to trouble."

Fatty Wang said, "It's okay. I think opening a nightclub is more peaceful than opening an internet cafe. As long as the nightclub has a relationship with both the legal and illegal forces, and a certain number of security guards to control the scene, there won't be any trouble. Unlike an internet cafe, that kind of place has a lot of hooligans and no security guards. There are often fights. It's basically a small fight every three days and a big fight every five days."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "I understand what you said, but I really can't do it. How about this, if you really want to do it, I'll buy some shares, but I won't buy it directly. I'll find someone to buy it for me."

Fatty Wang nodded and said, "Okay brother Ze, as long as you are willing to do it, I will solve the other problems."

In fact, what Fatty Wang wanted was an attitude from Chen Ze. As long as Chen Ze was willing to participate in it, whether it was directly coming forward or finding someone to buy shares, as long as Chen Ze nodded his head, he could feel at ease and boldly do it.

At this time, Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and asked, "Are you interested in becoming a shareholder?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and said, "To tell you the truth, I just accepted the focus interview today, and then I turned around and opened a nightclub. If this was spread out, wouldn't the contrast be too big?"

Chen Ze waved his hand and smiled. "You don't have to do it directly. Just buy some shares. If you trust me, I'll find someone to help you buy it."

As he said that, Chen Ze said to Xu Jiaming, "Jiaming, you should invest a little too. Fatty Wang's idea is actually quite good. Find a few friends you can have fun with, and everyone will invest some money to start a nightclub. That way, you can go to a place to relax when you want to."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Okay, I don't have any scruples. I'll buy it directly. Fatty Wang, how many shares are you going to leave for me?"

Fatty Wang smiled a little awkwardly and said to Chen Ze, "Brother Ze, I just thought of a profitable business, and you suddenly gave me shares. If I really find seven or eight people to partner with me, this business will only be enough to fill the gaps between my teeth."

Chen Ze laughed and scolded, "Look at you. This kind of business is just for fun. If you really want to make money, I'll introduce you a way."

Fatty Wang immediately moved closer to Chen Ze and asked with a smile, "Brother Ze, what is it?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Open a 4S shop. I don't dare to guarantee other places, but if it's in Beijing, I can help you with the land."

"Selling cars?"

Fatty Wang's smile froze. "How many families can afford a private car these days, brother? There's not much room for development in selling cars."

Seeing that Fatty Wang couldn't see the future of the car industry, Chen Ze didn't plan to say more. He shook his head and smiled helplessly. "Pretend I didn't say anything."

Fatty Wang said bitterly, "My old man doesn't let me get involved in his business. It's really not easy to find something to make money."

Chen Ze felt that Fatty Wang didn't know what to say, so he smiled and didn't continue the conversation. Li Mu, on the other hand, heard the message in Chen Ze's words. Land was the biggest problem when opening a 4S shop. Chen Ze just said that he could help Fatty Wang solve the land problem in Beijing. This showed that he was quite capable in Beijing.

Hua Xia's private car industry had just started, and it was about to usher in ten years of development. Therefore, as long as one chose the right brand, the 4S shop would still be very profitable in the next ten years. However, this business would only last for ten years. After ten years, most 4S shops would enter a relatively awkward stage. Coupled with the policies of limited license plates and numbers in various cities, it would be meaningless to open a 4S shop in Beijing at that time.

However, at present, if any of the 4S shops of Audi, BMW, or Benz, there would be a lot of profit, especially Audi, which would lead the domestic luxury car market in the next few years. Successful brand marketing, extended models developed for the Hua Xia market, and comprehensive government procurement were the three key factors for Audi's success.

It was a pity that Li Mu didn't know much about the car industry. The water in this industry was too deep.

Chen Ze didn't mention the 4S shop again, so Fatty Wang brought the topic back to the nightclub and said, "Why don't we study about opening a nightclub in the next two days? The investment isn't big, about three million yuan is enough. If we do it well, we can earn back the cost in less than a year."

Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "Why don't we each take 10%?"

Li Mu quickly calculated in his heart. Chen Ze's identity was definitely more sensitive than his. Besides, Chen Ze also said that he could find someone to hold the shares on his behalf. It was basically very secretive. If it was a three million investment, 10% was only three hundred thousand yuan. Li Mu could afford it. The nightclub's ability to make money was very strong, but Li Mu was more concerned about what he could get by investing in this nightclub plan.

Naturally, Chen Ze was a person worth befriending. As for the background of Fatty Wang and the two Xu brothers, he wasn't too sure. However, Chen Ze had a good eye for people. These three people should more or less have a certain strength and background. Moreover, from Chen Ze's words, if this nightclub were to succeed, he might need to pull in other people to invest.

It was naturally a good thing to have more powerful connections, but it was also a double-edged sword. Many people's success or failure came from interpersonal relationships. It could be said that success or failure came from the same person.

However, Li Mu also had his own considerations. He had to expand his interpersonal relationships. If the people around him were not as good as him, it would be difficult for him to grow. Therefore, this circle was still worth working hard to manage, as long as he could control it well.

Thus, Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "I don't have any objections, 10% is fine."

Chen Ze nodded and said to Fatty Wang, "You see, the two of us only take 20% of your shares." As he said that, Chen Ze said to Hui Ka Ming, "Jiaming, do you want to take 10% as well?"

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Okay, I'm fine with it."

Chen Ze stretched out three fingers and said to Fatty Wang, "The three of us only take 30%. I'll find two more people to invest and take another 20%. You keep 50%. Are you satisfied with this?"

Fatty Wang nodded repeatedly, "Brother Ze, I'm satisfied with your arrangements."

Chen Ze said, "I'll talk to my two friends later. Fatty Wang, you can go to the Workers' Sports Complex to see the place."

Fatty Wang smiled and said, "I'll go tomorrow morning."

In Li Mu's eyes, a rich kid's birthday party couldn't escape the word vulgar. It was nothing more than inviting a DJ and a bartender. First, everyone would dance, drink, and chat. Then, the lights would be turned off and someone would bring out a huge cake filled with candles. As the birthday girl, Du Wei would wear a crown and make a wish while everyone sang the birthday song. Then, she would blow out all the candles.

When Du Wei was dividing the cake, Zhang Kexuan pulled Li Mu to the side and asked him how his conversation with Chen Ze went. Li Mu said that it was quite congenial. Zhang Kexuan then told him to keep in touch with Chen Ze. He said that although Chen Ze wasn't the best in Beijing, he was definitely one of the capable ones.

At this moment, Chen Ze also pulled Hui Ka Ming to the side and said to Hui Ka Ming, "The projects that your venture capital company invested in are like sh * t. Do you have any way to fix it now?"

Xu Jiaming's expression was a bit awkward as he said, "Big brother, don't mock me. This investment company has become like this, and I already have no face in the Xu family. I'm mocked and ridiculed at home, and when I come out, I still have to suffer from your insults."

Chen Ze said indifferently, "I'm not trying to hurt you. The point is that your investment company is indeed terrible. Your situation in the Xu family was already very awkward. It wasn't easy for you to get a chance to compete on equal footing, but you ended up playing it like this. Don't you feel anxious?"

"Yes, but what's the use of being worried?"

Hui Ka Ming sighed and took in a deep breath. He pulled himself together and said, "The competition for the third generation of the Xu family is for three years. It's only been a year and a half, I still have time."

Chen Ze nodded. "Of course you have time. But your cousins are doing very well. The property that your cousin Xu Jiahua invested in is almost at 100% profit."

Hui Ka Ming pursed his lips. "I've shrunk by half."