Chapter 1514

At 7: 30 in the evening.

The media reporters waiting in front of the red carpet had already taken wave after wave of photos.

The number of celebrities present today exceeded their expectations. They originally thought that it would be worth the ticket price to be able to photograph Liu Tianwang, but they did not expect that many top movie stars and singers from the mainland and Hong Kong and Taiwan would all come to support the premiere of "Crazy Stone."

After taking countless photos, the reporters were already preparing to enter the venue. Unexpectedly, a black Benz MPV slowly drove over and stopped in front of the red carpet.

As soon as the car stopped, Wang Yuanlang, who was wearing a black suit, got out of the car and opened the left sliding door of the MPV.

At this moment, the right door of the MPV was facing the red carpet, and the reporters were also concentrated on this side. So when the car stopped in front of the red carpet, everyone's attention was immediately focused on the door facing the red carpet. Although they did not know who was sitting in the car, their sharp intuition told them that the person sitting in the car should be tonight's finale.

Just when all the cameras were pointed at the right door, Li Mu had already gotten out of the car from the left door. Then, he went around the front of the car to the other side, preparing to open the door for Du Wei. When Li Mu suddenly appeared at the front of the car, the reporters at the scene were immediately shocked!

Li Mu!

It really was Li Mu!

He actually came to attend the premiere of "Crazy Stone"?!

No one expected that Li Mu would really come.

Although there had been rumors in the media that Li Mu would attend this premiere, most of the media reporters did not believe it. Because in their opinion, this kind of news that claimed to have "news" was mostly fabricated out of thin air. It was fine to deceive the audience, but it was basically impossible to deceive their peers.

The media people themselves knew their group's operating routine. They often used the title party to beat around the bush. Every title seemed to be like aliens were found on Mars, but after clicking on it, they found that there was not even a shadow of organic matter.

The main reason why they did not believe that Li Mu would come in person was that Li Mu had recently appeared in large-scale commercial activities worth hundreds of millions of yuan, especially at the signing ceremony a few days ago. After Li Mu announced that he would build the entire Makino Technology into an open platform, the media all over the world were enthusiastic about Li Mu. Therefore, they felt that at this time, Li Mu should not appear in public for a movie premiere.

However, Li Mu was standing in front of everyone at this moment.

Li Mu, who was sitting on the other side of the car, did not pay attention to the situation outside. Instead, he opened the door from the outside in a very gentlemanly manner.

As soon as the door was opened, the sharp-eyed reporters recognized Du Wei sitting in the car. At this moment, all the reporters' brains short-circuited.

How could Li Mu come to the scene with Du Wei?

Moreover, the two of them were in the same car?

Without much time to think, every reporter kept pressing the camera shutter in their hands.

At this time, Li Mu had already reached out to Du Wei in the car. Du Wei shyly gave her hand to Li Mu and was signed out of the car by Li Mu.

As soon as Du Wei appeared, her perfect makeup and dress attracted the screams of the media reporters and the surrounding audience.

It was undeniable that Du Wei was so beautiful today. She had a temperament that was different from all the other female stars. That temperament was like what the netizens said in the future. From head to toe, every frown and every smile, she had a charm that should be in heaven at this moment.

After Du Wei got out of the car, she gently took Li Mu's arm and walked on the red carpet with him. Although it was Du Wei who was holding Li Mu's arm, the distance between them was just right. It was neither too intimate nor too strange.

At this time, Ning Hao, who was preparing for the premiere in the venue, heard that Li Mu had come and hurriedly ran out to greet him. When other guests heard that Li Mu had also come, they began to whisper to each other. Including them, they did not expect that Li Mu would really come today.

After walking two or three hundred meters of the red carpet, the flashes of the media reporters were almost continuous. Li Mu and Du Wei walked side by side. Occasionally, they would wave to the camera or give a smile.

Stepping to the sign-in board, two etiquette ladies came forward with pens and invited Li Mu and Du Wei to sign on the huge signature board. Li Mu picked up the pen, found a gap on the densely packed signature board, and wrote his name. Du Wei looked for a long time but did not seem to find a suitable place. She said with a smile, "Brother Li Mu, I'll write below you. A little space is enough."

After Li Mu's name was written, there was indeed a little space in the lower right corner, about the size of a palm. Hearing Du Wei's words, he slightly moved aside to make room for Du Wei to sign her name in that space.

After signing, they cooperated with the media reporters to take a few photos. At this time, Ning Hao had come over. He shook hands with Li Mu and said with a smile, "Li Zong, you're here."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Congratulations, the first movie is about to be released. How do you feel?"

Ning Hao said, "To be honest, I'm very nervous now."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Everyone is nervous for the first time. You'll get used to it."

At this time, the cameraman of Makino Image said, "Li Zong, Director Ning, and Miss Du, can you stand together and take a group photo?"

Li Mu looked at Ning Hao and Du Wei. Seeing that both of them were smiling, he nodded and said, "Okay, let's take a photo."

In front of the sign-in board, Li Mu stood in the middle, Ning Hao on his left, and Du Wei on his right. All the media reporters swarmed in front of the three of them, trying every means to raise the camera in front of them or to take pictures.

A YY host handed the microphone to Li Mu and asked him, "Li Zong, can I interview you for a few questions?"

Li Mu saw that it was from his own media, so of course, he had no reason to refuse. Besides, to participate in this kind of activity, being interviewed by the media was also an indispensable part. Often at this time, the interviewee would be surrounded by all kinds of microphones. What was more interesting was that sometimes the interviewee would be interviewed with the microphones of several media outlets. The atmosphere was particularly warm.

This time, Li Mu was being interviewed, and the reporters on the scene were also very enthusiastic. They were afraid to miss this good opportunity. So in the blink of an eye, there were all kinds of microphones in front of Li Mu. Each microphone had a brand, and the logo of each media outlet.

Many of the media outlets hoped that Li Mu would pick up their microphones. Li Mu said awkwardly, "How about this? To be fair, I won't even take my own microphone. I'll just take Yang Ma's."

Li Mu's plan was very clear. Nowadays, online video media was still not very developed. For a video interview like this, the most popular channel was the television. So, he might as well use Yang Ma's microphone. This way, the other media outlets would not feel that it was unfair.

This kind of interview was very chaotic. The reporters were afraid of missing the opportunity to ask questions, so they were chattering non-stop. Li Mu could only rely on his ears to distinguish each person's question, then choose the one he wanted to answer.

Someone asked him, "Li Zong, what do you think of 'Crazy Stone'?"

Li Mu said, "I think 'Crazy Stone' will become a classic of Hua Xia's comedy films. I like it very much. I believe that if the majority of the audience goes to the cinema to watch this movie, they will not regret it. This movie is really humorous and funny. The more such a movie is, the more I recommend everyone to watch it in the cinema, because watching a comedy in the theater is the best atmosphere!"

At present, most people's consumption concept was relatively restrained and cautious. Although a movie ticket of 20 to 30 yuan was not much of a burden for many people, there were still many people who felt that there was no need to go to the cinema to watch it. They could rent a pirated disk for 50 cents, or simply download a pirated version online to watch it.

However, the audience who had this kind of thinking was basically the audience who had never spent money to watch a movie in the cinema. They had not experienced the incomparable viewing experience in the cinema. Once they tried it, they would know the true value of the cinema ticket price.

Just like the development of Hua Xia's 3D cinema and IMAX, the most important leap forward was all because of the movie "Avatar". If not for it, the people of Hua Xia would have to wait another two to three years to accept the expensive 3D movie ticket price and the even more expensive IMAX ticket price.

So, the most important thing to break through in the box office was to let these people who never went to the cinema to try it. If they enjoyed watching it in the cinema this time, they would definitely come again in the future, and even more often.

A female reporter, Yang Ma, was squeezed into the crowd. She asked Li Mu loudly, "Li Zong, as the investor of this movie, can you tell us your original intention for investing in this movie?"

"Original intention?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "My original intention is that I think Ning Hao is very good, and I think the script is also very good. I believe that Ning Hao will be able to present this script perfectly. As for the follow-up of this script, I also very much agree with Ning Hao's vision and judgment, so I chose to invest in this movie without hesitation."

At this time, another person asked, "Li Zong, how much box office do you think 'Crazy Stone' will take?"

Li Mu did not even think about it. He smiled and said, "I think it has the ability to create a new record for the box office of Hua Xia's movies. It is even more likely to become the first Chinese movie to have a box office of more than 1 billion yuan. At the same time, it will also become a significant milestone in the Chinese movie industry. I believe it will open a new chapter for Chinese movies."