Chapter 1541

Twitter's dazzling debut not only drove users crazy, but even Silicon Valley and the rest of the world's netizens worshipped it.

The title of "God of the Internet" might sound like a big deal, but to Li Mu, it was not an exaggeration at all.

The entire Internet industry was amazed by Li Mu's unconstrained and incredible creativity. Twitter was a product that was innovative everywhere and had a "world view". It was simply the best complement to today's Internet industry.

In the eyes of the netizens, Twitter was equivalent to the world's first artificial satellite. For the first time, artificial satellites raised the human perspective to the height of space, allowing humans to overlook the entire Earth from space. Twitter was like an artificial satellite in the Internet field, allowing netizens to overlook the global Internet.

Twitter broke the "friend boundary" of YY, and broke the "platform boundary" of BBS and other communities. User A and User B no longer needed to follow each other to see each other's specific activities. On an open platform like Twitter, every message posted by a user could be seen by the whole world.

Then, the official Twitter account showed the world another unique strength of Twitter — the ability to publish information instantly, quickly, and without delay.

For example, on the 32nd minute after Twitter's launch, the Twitter official released a tweet. The content was: "30 minutes, 30 million people, Twitter is grateful to have you!"

Apart from that, the official also attached a picture. The picture was designed in a natural and unrestrained manner. It was displayed in the form of Hua Xia's calligraphy, and it wrote: "30 minutes, 30 million". In other words, 30 minutes, 30 million people.

It only took the officials less than two minutes to make this picture, and they immediately released it. Then, because Twitter's official Twitter account was one of the accounts that every user followed by default, when this tweet came out, all users immediately received this tweet.

In other words, the official Twitter account released its message to the entire Internet world in an instant.

Before Twitter's launch, the only thing in the world that could do this was YY's instant pop-up windows. Now, in theory, every Twitter account could achieve this. The only problem was that the account had to find a way to increase the number of their followers. The more followers they had, the stronger their advertising ability.

Then, on the 35th minute, Twitter released another tweet, which read, "11 million views in three minutes. Twitter invites you to share beauty with the world."

"Sharing beauty with the world" was the slogan of Twitter's first phase.

This tweet was accompanied by a picture of Twitter's official Twitter interface. The interface showed that the tweet that was sent three minutes ago had already been read 12 million times.

This was indeed a terrifying number, but no one doubted its authenticity.

Now that Twitter had just been launched, the traffic was very concentrated. There were at least twenty to thirty million people online at the same time. It was not difficult to achieve 12 million views in three minutes.

The two consecutive tweets received a large number of likes and comments from netizens. The user activity level was extremely high.

A few minutes later, Twitter sent out another tweet, officially inviting "opinion leaders" from around the world to join Twitter and establish their own "T Media."

The so-called T Media meant Twitter Media. Li Mu did not want to use the terminology of self-media or new media to define Twitter's future traffic, so he directly used a more specific term like "T Media."

In the tweet, Twitter officials sincerely invited every individual and group in the world with stories, topics, opinions, ideas, and works to join. Not only would Twitter be permanently free of charge for all users, but it would also provide a large amount of traffic support to individual and group accounts that could provide quality content, helping them to continuously expand the scale of their own T Media.

This was a huge attraction for many individuals, organizations, and enterprises. As a result, there was a wave of enterprises signing up for Twitter throughout Europe and the United States, especially in Silicon Valley.

When the singers in the top 100 of YYtunes got their Twitter accounts, they also began to try to publish their latest Twitter posts.

Michael Jackson posted a photo of himself practicing in a dance studio with an accompanying text, "Hi, friends on Twitter, I'm Michael Jackson, and I'm preparing for my upcoming concert."

As soon as the tweet was sent out, the comments immediately exploded.

The fans' replies were very friendly and positive. Many people said, "Come on, Michael." Many people said, "I'm looking forward to your performance, looking forward to your new album, and many people said," I'll always support you. "

There were also many languages that Michael Jackson did not understand. He had to ask the staff around him before he found out that they were all expressing their love and support for him. This made him very happy.

The moment a tweet was sent out, so many fans from all over the world responded in seconds without any time difference. This was indeed a stage for people to face the world.

Michael Jackson also specifically replied to several fans' comments, such as, "Thank you for your support. I will continue to work hard and make better music."

Although it was just a routine greeting, for the fans who received the comments and saw the comments, it was a very exciting thing. Because their fans had actually interacted with them!

Before this, no one could find a superstar like Michael Jackson on the Internet. However, when he came to Twitter, everyone could find him by searching for his name and choose to follow him.

As for those celebrities who were not invited to stay on Twitter at the first time, they also registered their own Twitter accounts as soon as possible. They posted their own tweets and verified their identities through Twitter's authentication backend, hoping to get the authentication mark as soon as possible.

Star athletes in the sports circle did not give up this good opportunity to market themselves. Whether it was the NBA's first-string players, the New York Yankees players who were the focus of attention in the United States, or even superstars like Tiger Woods, who had top incomes in the sports field, joined Twitter as soon as possible.

For stars, Twitter was a new battlefield, a battlefield to compete for fans all over the world. No star was willing to miss it.

As more and more stars joined, there was a trend for more ordinary users to join Twitter and join the camp of their idols. The activity of the entire platform further increased.

…

When the raging fire of Twitter swept the world, Li Mu was still talking and laughing with a group of local tycoons and members of the royal family in the salon of the Goldberg Manor.

These people, who were slow to understand the Internet, did not know that the magical young man beside them had created a new miracle. Just as they were drinking and chatting merrily, the entire Internet world was going crazy because of him, like a pot of boiling hot pot with chili oil.

Bill Gates, on the other hand, stayed in his room, facing his laptop. His face was ashen, and he didn't move for ten minutes.

The home page of Twitter was displayed on his laptop screen. In the past half an hour, he had completely figured out what kind of product Twitter was. The remaining ten minutes were spent immersed in despair, unable to extricate himself.

He had speculated countless times about what kind of product Twitter was, but he didn't expect it to be this powerful.

This was the worst possibility for Microsoft. Twitter's ability to attract attention had overshadowed Windows-Live.

Looking at such a simple, convenient, and fast mechanism to publish short articles, Bill Gates finally realized how much he had violated the rules of the Internet. He had actually developed a set of professional tools for blogs. It seemed to make blogs more convenient, but in fact, it made it more difficult for users to operate. But what did Li Mu do?

Feng Yu did the opposite of himself. Not only did he abandon long and medium-length content, but he also set a limit of 300 bytes per post. This was insane.

If Bill Gates saw this product before Twitter was launched, he would have scoffed at it. What kind of in-depth content can you write with only 300 bytes?

What kind of nutritious content can you write?

However, Li Mu did not intend to take the in-depth and nutritious route at all. What he wanted was social interaction, a quick social interaction. Only when the content was short enough, fast enough, and concise enough could it perfectly match the genius presentation of the waterfall flow.

Bill Gates finally realized that he had made the wrong decision from the start. He had led Microsoft down the wrong path during the dark. He thought he could catch his opponent by surprise. But when the sun rose, he realized that he had gone in the wrong direction. Not only did he fail to outflank his opponent, but he also got further away from his opponent.

Just as Bill Gates was reflecting in pain, Peter called. The first thing he said after he picked up was, "Chairman, our current launch cost in various channels is approaching 300 US dollars …"

300 USD …

This was a desperate number.

As Twitter became more and more popular, it was like a powerful vacuum pump in the Internet space, quickly sucking away the oxygen of the entire industry, making other companies feel suffocated.

Under this circumstance, no matter how much money Microsoft invests, it will be useless. The users will not pay attention to it.

With a deep sigh, Bill Gates said to Pete, "Stop all the current promotions. Stop those that have already been uploaded. Terminate the contract for those that have not been uploaded but have already paid. Inform the channel for those who have reservations but have not paid."

Peter was silent for a while and asked, "Chairman, Windows-Live, are we not going to promote it anymore?"

"No," Bill Gates said without hesitation.

Bill Gates said almost without hesitation, "With the emergence of Twitter, the era of blogs has permanently become a thing of the past. This move is wrong, and our MSN has no advantage over YY. What's more, YY now has Twitter. The gap between the two sides has widened again, and we can't catch up …"

Pete sighed heavily and said, "Alright, I'll hold a meeting for everyone to explain."

Bill Gates said, "Just call for a meeting and tell everyone to stop marketing. As for the rest, I'll go back tomorrow and talk to everyone."

Peter asked in surprise, "You're coming back tomorrow?

Isn't the Salon a few more days? "

Bill Gates said, "I've contacted the flight crew. We'll be flying back to Seattle in three hours."

"Three hours?

That's the middle of the night. "

Bill Gates said, "It's easy to arrange a temporary flight in the early hours."