Chapter 795

Sitting in Benz's car, Li Mu saw Su Yingxue, who was wearing a cream-colored dress and had her hair fluttering in the breeze.

Li Mu drove Benz's car slowly to the side of Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue recognized Li Mu through the car window, who was wearing a face mask. Her heart instantly became exceptionally nervous. She smiled at him, raised her right hand, and used her pinky to tidy up her slightly messy hair.

Li Mu stopped the car, opened the front passenger door, and waved at Su Yingxue.

After Su Yingxue got into the car, Li Mu turned his head to look at Su Yingxue, and asked her with a smile, "Did you miss me?"

Su Yingxue looked at him shyly, and then lowered her eyelids. Her long and curly eyelashes gently trembled as she said, "Of course I missed you, do you even need to ask?"

Li Mu reached out his right hand and directly grabbed Su Yingxue's left hand. He held her hand and gently rubbed it against the stubble on his chin, and said, "I just want to hear you say it yourself."

Su Yingxue nodded lightly, and looked at Li Mu with a serious expression, and said, "I miss you, I miss you all the time. Are you satisfied?"

Li Mu shook his head repeatedly, "Not satisfied!"

"I miss you all the time, and you're still not satisfied? Classmate Li Mu, you're a little greedy!"

Li Mu chuckled, and said, "Classmate Li Mu doesn't just want you to miss him …"

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and looked at Li Mu, "Then what else does classmate Li Mu want me to do?"

Li Mu stared at Su Yingxue's eyes. Her watery eyes were full of affection, and it made Li Mu's heart throb. After experiencing the switch between this life and his previous life, he finally saw Su Yingxue again. Li Mu now had a strong urge to take advantage of the fact that he was only back for a day to take advantage of Su Yingxue on the spot.

The moment this thought rose from the bottom of his heart, Li Mu didn't want to give Su Yingxue any chance to hesitate. He even had a rough plan in his mind: immediately drive to the house he secretly bought in Wan Ying New City in Hai Zhou last year. There, no one would disturb him there, and it would be an absolute world for the two of them. He could take advantage of this opportunity to solve the problem in one go, and completely realize the wish he had accumulated over two lifetimes.

Thus, Li Mu held Su Yingxue's right hand and used a little force to pull Su Yingxue in front of him. His left index and middle finger gently lifted her delicate chin, and then he kissed her lightly on the lips. Su Yingxue moaned, and her whole body trembled.

After a moment, their lips parted, and Li Mu softly said to Su Yingxue, "Classmate Li Mu wants to take you somewhere."

Su Yingxue felt nervous. She could roughly guess Li Mu's thoughts. Although Li Mu's sudden request had short-circuited her brain, she still remembered what she had promised Li Mu over the phone. From now on, she wouldn't reject him for any reason. Thus, Su Yingxue nodded lightly and said, "Classmate Li Mu, you can make your own decisions."

As soon as Su Yingxue said this, Li Mu immediately heard the indulgence in her words. He immediately started the car and drove straight to the neighborhood where his house was located.

After driving away from Su Yingxue's neighborhood, Li Mu drove all the way to Wan Ying New City. Just as he was about to arrive, he suddenly received a call from Wang Yuanlang. On the phone, Wang Yuanlang said in a strange voice, "Um, let me remind you that there are two cars following you from the Municipal Bureau. But don't worry, they definitely don't have any malicious intentions."

After listening to him, Li Mu's face immediately turned green. He blurted out, "What's going on?

What do they mean by this? "

Wang Yuanlang said, "They must be secretly protecting you. After all, with your identity here, the Haizhou Municipal Committee definitely wouldn't dare to let anything happen to you in Haizhou."

Li Mu said angrily, "I only asked them to protect my parents. Besides, I have you guys to protect me. Why are they blindly interfering …"

Wang Yuanlang said helplessly, "Then why don't you call Su Weimin from the Municipal Bureau?"

Li Mu was speechless in an instant.

The reason why Wang Yuanlang called Li Mu to remind him was that he knew a lot about Li Mu, and he also knew a lot about the people around Li Mu. Since the last time Su Yingxue was almost in a car accident, and Li Mu stood up for her and Cai Zhi, who died in the car accident, he knew that Su Yingxue was Li Mu's girlfriend, and he also knew that Su Yingxue's father was the head of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau. Seeing that it was not dark yet, Li Mu drove Su Yingxue to one of his properties. If Su Weimin knew about this, who knew what kind of reaction he would have?

At this moment, Li Mu was also quite depressed. At the moment, there were cars following him from the Municipal Bureau, and he had just picked up Su Yingxue and was about to take her to his house in Wanying New City to do it on the spot. Among the two cars following him, there must be someone who knew Su Yingxue. If he reported this to Su Weimin, it would be too embarrassing. Free love was one thing, but doing this kind of thing under Su Weimin's nose and under the watch of his subordinates was really …

Thinking of this, Li Mu sighed and turned left at the intersection in front of him. Right was to Wanying New City, and left was to leave the city.

On the day of the premiere of "Old Boys", Li Mu had brought Su Yingxue to Wanying New City. The two of them watched the premiere of "Old Boys" at Wanying New City, so Su Yingxue could guess where Li Mu was taking her. Although she was nervous, she didn't show it.

However, just as they were about to reach Wanying New City, Li Mu suddenly turned left. Su Yingxue was surprised and turned to look at Li Mu. Li Mu took advantage of the green light and turned left, heading in the opposite direction of Wanying New City.

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask him, "Where are you going?"

Li Mu pretended that nothing had happened and said with a smile, "Going to the ecological park to eat."

It just so happened that it was the way out of the city, so Li Mu directly moved the ecological park out of the city.

Su Yingxue was smart. She could roughly guess the reason why Li Mu suddenly made such a decision based on the content of his conversation with Li Mu on the phone. She thought that the city would pay extra attention to Li Mu's return this time. There was no reason for him to drive around Haizhou alone. It was very likely that the city would send police officers to follow and protect him. Under such circumstances, for Li Mu to make such a decision, in Su Yingxue's eyes, it meant that he valued and cared for her a lot. She couldn't help but feel warmth in her heart. She reached out to grab Li Mu's hand and said softly, "Why don't I try my best to return to Beijing as soon as possible?"

Li Mu looked at her determined face and nodded lightly. For the both of them, Beijing would be relatively more free.

…

Since he decided to eat at the ecological park at the last minute, Li Mu called Song Liang and asked him to book a private room for him. As the instigator of the ecological park, he could even save himself the checkout process and avoid extra trouble.

When Li Mu and Su Yingxue began to eat in the private room of the ecological park, Su Weimin, who was still in the municipal party committee, had just been invited by Ding Sicheng to have dinner alone with him in the evening. Ding Sicheng made it clear that there would only be two of them, which showed how much he valued Su Weimin.

Since it was a private dinner, Ding Sicheng almost did not hesitate to set the place for dinner in the ecological park, which had a quiet environment and was suitable for discussion. Su Weimin was waiting for him to arrange other work so that they could go together. Just then, he received a report from his subordinate.

Sun Peng, the captain of the Municipal Bureau's Criminal Police Brigade, was responsible for the 24-hour protection of Li Mu. He was also Su Weimin's confidant for many years. Before Li Mu came back, Su Weimin had assigned him to be responsible for Li Mu's personal safety in Haizhou. Therefore, from the moment Li Mu entered Haizhou, Sun Peng had already led a team of seven people and two cars to secretly protect Li Mu.

When Sun Peng called Su Weimin to report Li Mu's whereabouts, he said, "Director Su, Li Mu just drove to the Family Quarters of the Municipal Bureau to pick up Yingxue. Now they are eating in the ecological park."

Su Weimin was not surprised when he heard this. On the contrary, he more or less approved of Li Mu's action of going to see his daughter as soon as he finished his work. No matter what, this was what a boyfriend should be like.

Therefore, he reminded the other party, "Li Mu won't be back for long this time. You must be 120% vigilant and ensure his personal safety during this time."

Sun Peng immediately said, "Don't worry, Director Su. I will do my best to complete the task."

Sun Peng hesitated for a moment and said, "Director Su, many of the colleagues who are responsible for protecting Li Mu know Yingxue. They all said that Li Mu and Yingxue seem to be in a relationship …"

Su Weimin was speechless for a long time. The captain of the Criminal Police Brigade hurriedly said, "Director Su, I just said it casually. Don't take it to heart."

Su Weimin came back to his senses and said, "It's okay. Continue with your work. Don't make any mistakes."

After hanging up the phone, Su Weimin didn't know why, but his heart unconsciously surged with a different kind of excitement.

In the depths of Su Weimin's heart, he was already aware of Li Mu's influence in the eyes of Secretary Ding of the Municipal Party Committee and other leaders. Moreover, Li Mu had repeatedly done him favors in front of Secretary Ding, which indeed made Secretary Ding look at him in a new light. If the news of Li Mu and his daughter being in a relationship spread to the ears of the Municipal Party Committee leaders, they would probably all re-examine his career potential.

There were only five indicators to measure one's career potential: ability, age, achievements, background, and connections. Among them, the first three indicators weren't important, but the last two were the most important.

Su Weimin clearly knew that his first three points were above average, but the most important thing was that the last two had never been in place. He came from an ordinary family, and indeed did not have any career background. His connections were also average. He had climbed to the position of the third-in-command of the Municipal Public Security Bureau by himself, but that was basically the end of it. He didn't know where to start if he wanted to find more connections.

If it weren't for his good luck in taking advantage of the series of reactions brought about by Li Mu's actions against Guo Lin, he wouldn't even have been able to get the position of the Municipal Public Security Bureau's director. Now, he would definitely still be suppressed by Li Jiawei. Even if he had gotten the position of director, he still wouldn't be able to enter the core leadership of Haizhou, and he wouldn't even be accepted by the core leadership. Sitting in the position of director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau was still full of crises.

However, it was precisely because of Li Mu that things had changed dramatically again. Now, as a billionaire and the pride of the Internet, Li Mu had formed the most important "connections" indicator in his career, and he had raised this indicator infinitely in Haizhou. If he could rely on this layer of "connections," his future career would be promising!

At this moment, Su Weimin's heart had undergone a subtle change. He had always thought that becoming the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau was the pinnacle of his career. However, the appearance of Li Mu was like a catalyst that completely shattered his self-perception, igniting an urgent desire and ambition for an official career in his heart.

At this moment, Su Weimin's heart was unconsciously filled with gratitude toward Li Mu. He was grateful for the great help Li Mu had brought him on the road to his official career …

…