Chapter 692

After the three of them drank some wine, Li Mu was driven home by Wang Yuanlang. After arriving home, he called Su Yingxue first and discussed with her about the time to go home. Su Yingxue had decided to go home late because she wanted to wait for Li Mu. Since Li Mu had decided to go home, she naturally hoped that he would go home as soon as possible. Therefore, Li Mu asked Song Liang to book a ticket for tomorrow afternoon.

Su Yingxue wanted Li Mu to go back to school with her tomorrow morning. She wanted to go back to her dormitory to pack something, but it would be a little awkward to go back alone. Therefore, Li Mu readily agreed.

After confirming the time, Li Mu called his mother and told her that he would go back tomorrow afternoon. Unexpectedly, his mother was having dinner in a restaurant at the moment. Hearing that Li Mu was going back tomorrow, she immediately said excitedly, "Li Mu will be back tomorrow afternoon!"

As soon as she finished speaking, there were all kinds of noises coming from the other end of the phone, but they all sounded very familiar. Someone even said, "Mu will be back tomorrow?

That's great. I'll treat him to dinner tomorrow night! "

Li Mu could tell that it was his uncle who had always been at odds with his family. He couldn't help asking his mother, "Mom, are you having dinner with my uncle?"

Li Ma smiled and said, "The new store is opening today. Everyone is here, including your father!"

"The new store is opening?"

Li Mu was stunned. He remembered that his mother had said some time ago that she was going to be the agent of Noble Bird. He couldn't help but ask, "Is Noble Bird's store open?"

"No."

Li Ma smiled and said, "Noble Bird has been open for a long time. Today's opening is our new Adidas store."

Li Mu's brain was not enough to process it. He asked subconsciously, "When did you open another Adidas store?"

Li Ma said, "We talked about the exclusive agent in Haizhou some time ago. Not only Adidas, but also Nike's store is also being renovated. It's about to open …"

Li Mu felt a headache when he heard that. He couldn't help but say, "Can you manage so many stores …"

"I can handle it."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Your father registered a company some time ago. The Bird of Nobility is under the name of the company. We only manage the franchisees and don't open our own stores. I asked your First Uncle to invest in the store in Haizhou. Now your First Aunt's niece is helping them manage the business, and the business is very good."

Only then did Li Mu understand. No wonder his uncle was so enthusiastic on the other end of the phone. When he heard that he was going back tomorrow, he wanted to treat him to dinner. It turned out that his uncle had opened a Noble Bird specialty store in Haizhou.

However, Li Mu was also puzzled. Although his uncle's family was a civil servant and lived a good life, it was impossible for him to open a shop with hundreds of thousands of yuan. Where did he get the money to open a Noble Bird?

Li Mu wanted to ask, but he was too embarrassed to ask directly over the phone. At this time, Li Ma said, "Son, your father wants to talk to you."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Then let my dad answer the phone."

After a while, Papa Lee took the phone and said happily, "Son, will you be back tomorrow?"

"Yes, Dad. The flight is tomorrow afternoon. I should be home at about six o 'clock."

Papa Lee said, "That's great. I was just saying that I missed you, and you're coming back."

Li Mu said, "Dad, it's too noisy over there. I can't hear you clearly. Why don't you find a quieter place first?"

"Okay."

Papa Lee took the phone and said to the people at the table, "I'm going out for a smoke. You guys talk first."

First Uncle still asked him to stay. "Oh, Daoping, smoke here. Why are you going out?"

Papa Lee said, "Xiaomu can't hear clearly. I'm going out to talk to him for a while."

First Uncle immediately said, "Oh, Xiaomu thinks it's too noisy. Then we won't talk anymore. You two can talk first."

As soon as this was said, the table became quiet. Papa Lee still insisted, "You guys eat and talk first. It'll save me trouble if I go out and pick him up."

First Uncle didn't insist this time. After Papa Lee left the private room, it became much quieter. He smiled and said to Li Mu, "Son, can you hear me clearly now?"

"I can hear you clearly." Li Mu asked, "Dad, is my uncle working for our family now?"

Li Mu subconsciously felt that his uncle's shop was 90% funded by the family, or more than half of it. Otherwise, with his uncle's ability, he definitely wouldn't be able to open a specialty shop.

Papa Lee slightly lowered his voice and said, "We paid 80% for your uncle's shop. He doesn't need to pay for it. We sell it first and pay later."

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "What about the profit? How are we splitting it?"

Papa Lee casually said, "Half and half."

Li Mu's eyebrows were twisted into a fried dough twist, "So high?"

Li Mu felt a little uncomfortable in his heart. It wasn't that he was stingy about this bit of profit, but it was mainly because his uncle had looked down on his dad for so many years and had always been sarcastic and sarcastic. Now that his parents were doing well, he was just sitting back and enjoying the fruits of their labor. Not only did they have a stable job in the tax bureau, but now they only had to fork out a small amount of money to open a specialty shop. They didn't even have to pay for the purchase of goods, 20% of the investment, and 50% of the profit. Such a good thing was given to him. In his heart, Li Mu felt that it wasn't worth it for his dad.

Papa Lee realized that Li Mu might be a little unhappy in his heart, so he smiled and comforted him, "It's not easy for your uncle either. Your aunt's father was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year, and their family has been spending a lot of money. Moreover, your sister Yuanyuan is a big spender, and has always wanted them to buy a house for her in Jinling. At first, your uncle came to borrow money from your mom and me, but your mom felt that it just so happened that we got a provincial pension from the Noble Bird, so she wanted to take care of your uncle. So she took the initiative to bring up this matter, and I agreed.

Don't be angry in your heart. "Li Mu said," I'm not angry, nor am I stingy. I just feel that he went overboard in the past … "

Papa Lee smiled and said, "Your uncle did go overboard in the past, but no matter what, he is your mom's big brother. Now that we're living a good life, we can't stoop to his level anymore. Family harmony is the most important thing. Besides, your uncle's family, your youngest uncle's family, and your youngest aunt's family are all working with our family to earn money, so it's not appropriate to leave your uncle aside. Furthermore, he's very nice to me and your mom now. When they heard that you were coming back, they immediately organized a welcoming dinner for you …"

Li Mu sighed softly, "Alright, as long as you and mom feel that it's appropriate."

Papa Lee said, "Money is a worldly possession. Your mom and I are very open to it now. We're helping our family earn money, and our family can live in harmony. That's the best."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, we'll talk about the rest when I get home tomorrow."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu gradually got over it. His eldest uncle had indeed embarrassed his father a lot over the years. But when he opened his first shop for his parents, his eldest uncle's attitude was completely restrained. Judging from his words on the phone just now, it seemed that he was also quite respectful to his father. The big family was eating together, chatting and laughing. That atmosphere was very happy even through the phone. That was a good thing. As the saying goes, everything goes well if the family is harmonious. Making a little sacrifice in terms of money in exchange for a harmonious family was also very helpful to the mood of his parents. So, it was indeed very cost-effective.

Although he had turned the page in his heart, Li Mu still felt a little worried about his parents. Ever since the Meters-Bonway store opened, they seemed to be unable to stop it. Li Mu had taken the initiative to open Senma, and then took the provincial license from Bird of Nobility. Unexpectedly, he had opened Adidas and Nike in Haizhou. With so many things going on, he was afraid that they would be as worried as him all day long. How could they relax?

…

That night, the real estate agent was still making changes. The legend about Wan Ying Real Estate was still spreading in this city. Countless real estate companies were trying to find Song Liang's contact information. Since Song Liang came to Yan Jing, he had almost never had direct contact with the real estate industry in Yan Jing. Therefore, it was a big problem for these big shots in Yan Jing's real estate industry to find his contact information.

However, it was just a problem, and it was not impossible to solve.

Since Song Liang returned to his residence in Yanjing, his mobile phone began to ring continuously. All the calls were from strange numbers, men and women. Everyone had the same routine. They first politely complimented him, and then introduced themselves. Generally, they were the general managers or even directors of a real estate development company, or the bosses of a construction company or sales company. They only wanted to find Song Liang: cooperation.

It was not strange. The main thing was that this time, Wanying Real Estate almost got the best land in the whole area near the Three Round Bridge. It was already very good for a company to get a piece of meat, but Wanying Real Estate got five pieces. It was simply the rhythm of eating all the meat alone!

The most favorable place in the entire Line 10 was the Three Round Bridge. Could it be that such a great thing was monopolized by Wanying Real Estate?

For the real estate companies in Yanjing, they naturally could not sit back and watch this kind of thing happen. If someone really monopolized all the meat, he would definitely be boycotted by the whole industry. There might even be big shots in the industry coming out to teach him a lesson. After all, Wanying Real Estate was just a junior. Before this, they didn't even have a property in Yanjing. At this time, everyone wanted a share.

However, these big shots in Yanjing Real Estate were not stupid. After understanding the capital structure of Wanying Real Estate in advance, they immediately understood that this company was not something they could afford to offend. Therefore, they could only take the initiative to find Song Liang to cooperate. On the phone, most of their words were to find an opportunity to "meet", "have a meal", and "have a chat".

Song Liang did not expect this group of people to get his contact information so quickly. Moreover, each of the other party's names was a well-known figure in the Yanjing real estate industry. He could not directly refuse them, so he vaguely agreed to it, saying that he was going to leave Yanjing for a period of time and would contact them when he came back.

After using this method to send seven or eight people in a row, Song Liang immediately turned off his phone. Fortunately, he had two phones, one was a number in Haizhou, and the other was a local number in Yanjing. Now, the number that was flowing out was also his number in Yanjing.

After turning off his phone, Song Liang used another phone to send a message to Li Mu and Chen Ze, saying that he really could not bear the disturbance, and that the number would be temporarily turned off for a few days.

Chen Ze teased him, saying that he was now the most popular person in the Yanjing real estate industry; Li Mu scared him, saying that since the other party could find his number in Yanjing, they could definitely find his number in Haizhou, and asked him to be prepared to buy an anonymous mobile phone card outside.

Song Liang was worried, for fear that the number in Haizhou would also be disturbed, so he quickly called his wife and told her that he would go back tomorrow. He also told her not to worry if his phone was turned off, because now a lot of people were looking for him all over the world.

That night, Li Mu, Chen Ze, and Song Liang collectively had insomnia.

Song Liang's hard work for half of his life could not compare to stealing a chicken with Li Mu, and Chen Ze also did not think that it would be so easy to make money. As for Li Mu, the mastermind behind all this, he was not as calm as he was during the day. Instead, he was lying on the bed, tossing and turning, not feeling sleepy at all.

Six pieces of land for six billion yuan, how could Li Mu calm down? Six billion yuan was undoubtedly a super huge sum of money in this day and age. Although the money had not yet arrived, and although it was only a mortgage and not a profit, it still made Li Mu excited. Almost all the real estate tycoons in the later generations started like this, using the land to get money from both banks and consumers. If Wanying Group developed in this direction, it would definitely become a real estate giant.

However, Li Mu hoped that Wanying Group could become a positive role model among the domestic real estate developers, using commercial real estate to stimulate the local economy and improve the people's living and entertainment standards. This was what he wanted to do the most, and as long as Wanying Group's development path was still within his scope of influence, he would continue to develop in this direction.

In addition to the future plans and prospects of Wanying Group, what Li Mu was looking forward to now was to vigorously develop his own logistics system once he got the one billion yuan in cash. As long as the logistics path went smoothly, Li Mu was confident that he could make Boss Ma cry within a year.

…

The next morning, Li Mu drove to Su Yingxue's aunt's house to pick her up from school and accompany her to the female dormitory. The dormitory manager recognized Li Mu and did not stop him. Li Mu and Su Yingxue arrived at her dormitory together. When they opened the door, they saw that among the three bunk beds, all of them had blankets rolled up at the head of the bed. Only the bottom bunk bed had an empty bed board. Su Yingxue said that was Cai Zhizhi's bed. After the incident, her parents specially came to take away her personal belongings.

Li Mu nodded. He did not want her to talk about this matter anymore, so he changed the topic and said, "Oh right, I might not stay long at home this time."

Su Yingxue asked, "When will you be back?"

Li Mu said, "If there are no accidents, Friday."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "So soon?

Are you busy right now? "

Li Mu said helplessly, "There are a lot of things waiting to be dealt with at the end of July, so I have to come back as soon as possible."

Su Yingxue was slightly disappointed and said, "I wanted to find a chance to relax while you're at home. Also, there's a high school reunion at the end of the month, aren't you going to attend?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I won't be going to the reunion, I really don't have time." Actually, Li Mu wanted to say that they had nothing in common, but he did not say it out loud.

Su Yingxue also understood that the gap between her high school classmates and Li Mu was too big. They probably would not be able to talk about anything except nostalgia.

Su Yingxue packed some clothes and a few books in her suitcase. Then, she and Li Mu left the National People's Congress together.