Chapter 505

For Chen Tong, joining Sin-Lang for the past few years had been a perfect professional experience. Sin-Lang had given him a stage to achieve his ambitions, and he had returned the favor by delivering a perfect score to Sin-Lang. In Sin-Lang, he had facilitated the reform of many portals, making Sin-Lang one of the top Chinese portals. At present, it would not be an exaggeration to say that he was the most important talent in the entire Sin-Lang.

However, it was precisely because of Chen Tong's hard work and high status in Sin-Lang that he did not have a very harmonious relationship with others in Sin-Lang, especially among the other executives of the same level. Many of them were somewhat envious of Chen Tong. The core section business was getting better and better in Chen Tong's hands, and it was inevitable that others would covet it. Even if they could not pull Chen Tong down from the position of the general manager of the portal, they would at least strive to make breakthroughs in other new sections in order to keep Chen Tong in check.

UC was a good opportunity to keep Chen Tong in check. Everyone present knew very well that there was a huge market space in the field of instant messaging. QQ had been developing value-added services based on messaging products, which allowed them to have positive cash flow that other internet companies could not reach. After YY replaced QQ, the value-added products were developed to a new height, and there were countless services that made users willing to pay for them. With the support of such a strong traffic portal, even if Sin-Lang UC could only occupy 20% of the domestic instant messaging market, it would definitely be a very large core business.

Therefore, Chen Tong's objection in today's meeting was particularly ear-piercing to the ears of others.

This also made Chen Tong feel for the first time the rift between the senior executives of Sin-Lang. Everyone did not completely rush forward with the same goal in mind. In the process of rushing forward, there would always be people who fell behind, thus harboring grudges against those who were in front. There would also always be people who wanted to trip up the people next to them, making them move slower, so that they could suppress them at any moment.

As the saying goes, the tallest tree in the forest is the first to be destroyed by the wind. Chen Tong used to think that Sin-Lang had given him so much autonomy and selfless support. This team was simply the dream team that he desired the most. However, with his slightly low EQ, he finally understood today that everything was actually just a facade. The company wanted him to rush forward as fast as possible, but his comrades did not think so. Now, when he raised his objection to UC, everyone revealed their hidden faces.

Chen Tong asked himself if there was any selfishness in opposing UC. If the current instant messaging industry was still in the era of QQ, he would not oppose UC. However, the key point was that when UC version 1.0 was just developed, QQ was replaced by YY. Makino Technology's way of doing things was too complicated. His intuition told him that once he became a direct enemy of Makino Technology, Makino Technology would definitely not be passive, but would fight back in all directions. Although Sin-Lang was the top domestic Internet company listed on NASDAQ, in the face of a strong opponent like Makino Technology, they would definitely go for wool and come home shorn. Therefore, he proposed to stop the UC project. At the very least, he did not want to become a direct enemy of Makino Technology at the moment. However, among the entire senior executives, no one was on the same side as him.

The entire team had already made up their minds. Chen Tong could only give up his opposing viewpoint and watch them become the most direct enemy of Makino Technology, who was at the peak of its power.

Li Mu realized that poaching Chen Tong might be a protracted battle, so he asked Lin Ching-ah to vacate the position of the chief editor of the portal. He would first hire an experienced deputy chief editor to take over the preliminary work. He had a clear plan for the portal. First of all, the web page design must have a sense of the future. The current web pages on the Internet were too ugly. Li Mu gave a detailed suggestion that the portal design must reach the standard of at least five years ahead of its peers.

In addition to the page design, the entire portal's page classification must also be as detailed as possible. Not only must there be very clear vertical sections, such as: News, Sports, Entertainment, Finance, Automobile, Real Estate, Technology, Games, Education, Fashion, and so on, but each vertical section must also be subdivided into several clear three levels. For example, under the major category of News, there should be three levels of real-time scrolling news, domestic news, international news, political news, social news, military news, and so on. This would provide users with the clearest access routes.

In addition to this, the most important thing was to plan an algorithm system for analyzing user behavior. It would label the content and users, and then analyze the weight of the label to accurately push content that the user might be interested in. This algorithm system would solve the problem once and for all. As the tag library grew larger and the rules became more detailed and reasonable, this algorithm system would become more and more accurate in its analysis of users. If it was maintained for a few years, it would become the largest Chinese user labeling algorithm in the country or even in the world. In the future, it could not only be used for portals, but also in various Internet products. Take Toutiao for example. Its tag library and algorithm were one of the best in the mobile Internet era. This set of algorithms was top-notch because it could truly understand users and give them their favorite content, greatly increasing the conversion rate of users. If this set of algorithms was used by Meituan for group purchases, Taobao for e-commerce, and Ctrip for travel. It was very useful.

The core algorithm could be understood as a magical blessing halo in the Internet and mobile Internet era. It was similar to a buff in games. A set of top-notch algorithms was just like a super buff that could increase various attributes in games. It could greatly increase the overall attributes of a product. Once this buff was mastered, all the products under one's company would receive a huge boost. It was very significant.

Since Fang Xudong specialized in algorithm-related technologies when he was at Google, Li Mu handed the task of creating this tag library and algorithm to him. Fang Xudong had already completed the development of Taobao's core architecture. Now that he had nothing urgent to do, he could focus on building this tag library and algorithm system.

Fang Xudong was also very interested in Li Mu's plan. He was pleased to find that not only did Li Mu have strong product thinking and operational thinking, he even had a deep understanding of user-based algorithms on the Internet. In fact, many companies in the industry did not rely on their products, but on various core technologies. Algorithms were one of these core technologies.

…

At the end of May, many things were happening at the same time.

Chen Wan joined "Happy Camp" for the second episode. With her outstanding performance and personal qualities, she continued to be popular throughout the country. She was in the limelight for a while.

Wang Shaohua was still holding the keys to the duplex apartment in Hua Fu Mansion that Li Mu gave him. Basically, every other day, he would take some time to drive up to take a look before driving back home. However, he had not made up his mind whether to accept this apartment or not. If he decided to accept it, he would immediately tell his wife about it. If he decided not to accept it, he would return the keys to Li Mu and let Li Mu decide the final owner of this apartment.

Liu Xuebin brought a large group of people to Beijing and officially joined Sina Wave. There was no way to keep such a big move a secret in the industry. Everyone in the industry knew that Sina Wave was going to do something with its instant messaging software.

Six of Chen Hui's subordinates, as well as a dozen other team members who were more optimistic about Makino Technology, joined Makino Technology. After these people arrived in Beijing, they were all integrated into the YY Business Division. Chen Hui himself was also transferred out of the Tieba Business Division by Kong Lingyu and placed into the YY Business Division.

This weekend, Chen Hui found out that his ex-girlfriend, Zhang Yao, would be joining the company next Monday. Moreover, she would be joining the same department as him, also the YY Business Division. However, she would be in the Development Department, while he would be in the Maintenance Department.

On one hand, Chen Hui was ashamed that he could not recruit his ex-QQ team for Makino Technology. On the other hand, he was excited about Zhang Yao joining the company next Monday. Just as he was struggling with himself, Li Mu had officially launched the encirclement and suppression of Sina.

However, Li Mu's first move surprised the entire Internet industry.

It was officially online.

The highly anticipated Makino Technology had suddenly created a navigation website, leaving everyone scratching their heads in confusion. Many companies even thought that Makino Technology, who had always been arrogant, seemed to have run out of ideas. They thought that they would develop an even more impressive new product, but they did not expect them to create something as unfashionable as a navigation website.

When YY123 went online, other than Li Xingping, the founder of Hao123, who was so nervous that he could not sleep at night, the other companies breathed a sigh of relief. This feeling was like discovering that an unattainable goddess would occasionally burp, fart, and pick her nose in front of others. In an instant, they felt that the distance between them and her had shortened significantly.

At present, the entire Internet was indeed somewhat disdainful of navigation websites. They thought that this kind of young, even retarded "online favorites" would not last long. It would not take long before it was completely eliminated by users as they became more familiar with the Internet.

However, the industry always felt that navigation websites were low-end and would be abandoned by users sooner or later. However, they did not realize that the most important essence that Internet companies needed to understand was human nature.

Users were indeed constantly growing, but they were also constantly becoming lazier. And laziness was the most fundamental sin of human nature.

Most technological advances originated from human laziness, and the Internet was no exception. A considerable portion of Internet products were designed to make things easier and more convenient for users. The lifespan and value of Hao123 exceeded everyone's expectations, and the reason why it attracted countless companies to desperately build their own navigation websites was because of the laziness of users. It was not that they did not grow, it was just that they were willing to choose the simplest and most labor-saving products.

Hao123 was very low-end, but it would be a big mistake to think that it was made for Internet noobs. It was not a product made for Internet noobs, it was a product made for Internet lazy people. It was a cloud favorite. Users did not need to remember the domain name of any website, nor did they need to bookmark any website locally. All they needed to do was open Hao123 and they would be able to access all the Web at present. A large number of websites from various industries were queuing up on Hao123, waiting for the user to click on them.

For users, they did not need to remember anything. They only needed to remember Hao123. Under such circumstances, most users would still set Hao123 as their home page even if they were constantly growing. It was because it was truly convenient. When Baidu acquired Hao123, no one in the industry was optimistic about it. However, Hao123 eventually became the largest source of traffic other than the engine.