Chapter 431

After hanging up the phone with Wang Yanan, Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue at Li Mu. Her pretty face was blushing as she whispered, "Yanan saw everything."

Li Mu asked, "What did she see?"

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her eyelids and said, "She saw you hugging me to sleep. But she said she would keep it a secret for me. She won't tell anyone, not even Zhengdao."

Li Mu nodded and asked, "She's not eating with us?"

"No." Zhao Ziqiu said, "Zhengdao will be back soon. She's waiting for him at the hospital to eat with us."

Li Mu said, "Then let's go out and eat something."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and gently hugged Li Mu's waist. She said coquettishly, "I want to eat hometown food. There's a Hangzhou restaurant that's very authentic. Can you accompany me?"

Li Mu readily agreed and teased, "As long as you don't say we're going to a roadside food stall, I don't mind."

The two of them didn't have a pleasant experience eating at a roadside food stall. Li Mu also concluded that it was best not to go to the roadside food stall with beautiful women. This way, he could avoid a lot of trouble.

Li Mu drove Zhao Ziqiu to the Hangzhou restaurant that she mentioned. Just as he sat down and was about to order, Li Mu's phone rang. Li Mu looked down and saw that it was Kong Lingyu. He said to Zhao Ziqiu, "You order first. I'll take a call."

After saying that, Li Mu got up and walked to a secluded place. He picked up the phone. On the other side, Kong Lingyu said impatiently, "Boss, YY is about to go online. Why aren't you here? I'm talking to you online, but you didn't respond to me."

"Oh …" Li Mu cursed in his heart. What the f * ck. Last night's incident, and today's sleep, he actually forgot such an important matter.

So Li Mu pretended to be calm and said, "I've given my orders and prepared everything. You guys can go online independently. Do you want me to guide you on the spot?"

Kong Lingyu hurriedly said, "I didn't mean that, Boss. I just think that you should be here with us to witness such a significant historical moment …"

Li Mu glanced at Zhao Ziqiu who was ordering food not far away and said casually to Kong Lingyu, "It's just the beginning. When your users reach a million, we can celebrate together."

Kong Lingyu could only say, "Alright then, we'll proceed according to the original plan. I'll contact you immediately if there's any new developments after going online."

If there's any new development after we go online, I'll contact you immediately, Li Mu grunted and said, "Tell everyone, don't relax at this time. When our YY users reach a million, I'll hold a celebration party for everyone."

"Alright!"

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "I think, in less than a month, we'll be able to achieve more than ten million users!"

He hung up and returned to his seat. Zhao Ziqiu had already ordered food. When Li Mu sat opposite her, she blinked her eyes and said with a smile, "I've ordered some of the more famous dishes in Hangzhou, I don't know if you'll like them."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not picky, I can eat sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, and sour."

Those who had drifted in the north for many years basically had a mouth that wasn't picky.

At eight o 'clock sharp, when the waiters started to serve the dishes, YY finally went online.

Li Mu's core product with the best security measures was finally released.

Unlike the absolute low profile during YY's internal testing, Makino Technology went all out at eight o 'clock. All the users who were online on Tieba, Happy Farm, Easy Listening, or Miracle Mu received a notification from the system. In order to facilitate the communication between users on Tieba, Happy Farm, and Miracle Mu users, as well as group chats, Makino Technology had specially developed a powerful instant messaging software — YY. If Happy Farm and Miracle Mu players downloaded and registered a YY account, they could even receive a gift bag of props from the game.

For players of these two games, YY's advertising slogan was only one sentence: "Can you imagine the scene of 500 people chatting in a group?"

Although YY had many groundbreaking features, there were only two that attracted users the most. One was the YY group, and the other was the game's free items. As for YY Show, YY Pets, and YY Space, they were features that required users to slowly discover. These features were difficult to capture their attention in the beginning.

Group chats were a latent necessity that gamers urgently needed to solve. However, before group chats were born, they could only place group chats in the game or in chat rooms. However, the problems faced by both were the same. They both had the drawbacks of not being able to receive offline messages, and it was difficult to save chat records. Moreover, the user experience of these two types of group chats wasn't good. Gamers didn't like it, but they had no choice.

However, YY's announcement of 500 group chats attracted their attention. Because Makino Technology's products were very user-friendly and easy to use, users had a high degree of trust in Makino Technology's products. Therefore, these game users basically downloaded YY to try it out.

Interestingly, when they successfully registered a YY account, YY's beautiful and advanced product interface suddenly popped up with a notification: [Do you want to bind with your Tieba ID?]

Users who had a Tieba ID and had opened Happy Farm tried to enter their Tieba ID and password to bind. After binding, they were surprised to find that their friends list in Happy Farm had all been updated to their friends list in YY!

Moreover, among these friends, some were online!

This was the user network that Li Mu had set up when he first used Happy Farm. Li Mu understood the importance of networking in an instant messaging software. Therefore, when he decided to develop YY, he had already started to secretly pave the way for YY. Happy Farm was a game where the more friends you had, the more fun it would be. Moreover, he had used various methods to encourage players to add friends in order to make them desperately expand their network in Happy Farm. All of this had finally played a huge role today!

The current user situation was as follows: Tieba and Happy Farm had about 60 to 70 million users together. Among them, more than 90% were both Tieba users and Happy Farm users. These people had basically established a strong network in Happy Farm. The composition of this network was obviously much larger than their QQ network.

When users tried a new social media software, they would find that their friends list was empty as soon as they opened it. This was the biggest obstacle to the development of this software. This was also why there had never been a product that could beat QQ in the country, or even compete with QQ as an equal.

However, when users tried YY, they found that Makino Technology had already kindly imported all their friends in Happy Farm and Tieba into the software. The number of people in their friends list was even more than the number of their QQ friends!

This made them feel very close to it!

Therefore, the social journey of YY officially began the moment it went online.

Someone had just registered for YY and bound his Tieba ID. Suddenly, he found that among the 300 people in his friends list, there were 20 to 30 online, including his own good friends. He immediately clicked on this friend's dialog box and was surprised to find that on the right side of the dialog box, there were two cute cartoon characters. The cartoon character above had the other party's nickname, and the one below had his nickname.

He did not bother to chat with his friends. Instead, he curiously clicked on the cartoon image that showed his name. After clicking on it, he was surprised to find that he had entered a page called YY Show. Here, he could freely define his cartoon character's facial features, hairstyle, body shape, and even all kinds of beautiful clothes, as well as the background behind him.

Some facial features, hairstyle, body shape, clothes, and background were free. After trying it on and being satisfied, he could officially define it as his own cartoon character by clicking on the save button. However, some were charged. Although he could try it on, he could not save it.

Even if some of the charged ones could not be used, it was enough to surprise and excite ordinary users. Therefore, while everyone defined various cartoon characters for themselves, they chatted with their online friends on YY.

"Ah, you also registered for YY!"

"Hey, quick, look at my YY Show. Isn't it cute?"

"Aiya, your YY Show is so similar to you!"

"Wow, you bought the background of the Eiffel Tower, didn't you?

It's so beautiful! "

For a time, there was a constant exchange of social media messages, and the entire YY Show was boiling.

A considerable number of users, after binding their Tieba ID, immediately opened the group chat column. Here, they found that they could actually create YY groups, so they immediately tried to create a group of their own. After clicking on it, the user experience was very simple. There was only a user description, telling them that each user could create a group with a maximum limit of 100 people for free. Enter the group name, select the group category, click Create, and a group was born. At the same time, the system would automatically assign a group number, and the group owner would be notified: You can now invite your friends to join the group chat.

As a result, various chat groups were quickly established, and a large group of people began to chat endlessly in the group. This feeling was like suddenly being in a high-end coffee shop with cool air conditioning and delicious food. Only then would they realize that their previous group chat was equivalent to standing in the sun on a 40-degree day and shouting at the top of their lungs. The difference was like heaven and earth.

At the same time, the users also discovered another function, and that was YY Pets.

YY Pets were also very interesting. It was equivalent to the handheld electronic pet game console that had become popular some time ago, but the cartoon images of YY Pets were much better than the black-and-white images of electronic pet game consoles. However, everyone's current pet was still just a pet egg. As for what kind of pet it would hatch into, they still had to sign in every day, and it would only be revealed after signing in for ten consecutive days.

However, according to the official introduction, there were dozens of different types of cute pets in the pet system. Each pet had a male and a female, and when they grew up, they would have various skills. They could also PK or marry their friends' pets. In short, it was a long and exciting nurturing system …

At 8: 15, when Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were halfway through their dinner, Li Mu's phone rang again. It was Kong Lingyu again.