Chapter 1054

After being recognized and respected by the entire Silicon Valley, Makino Technology had become a god among its peers in the United States.

Some people predicted that once Makino Technology began to use "Paradise Town" to guide YY, then YY would completely ascend to the altar.

The war had not yet started, but MSN and ICQ had already been condemned by the world.

YY was like a curse, setting off waves and waves in the elite class of the entire society.

With the shock brought to the elite group of the United States by this version of YY, keywords such as YY, Makino Technology, and Li Mu finally began to appear in the mainstream media of the United States.

The influential traditional newspapers such as "Los Angeles Times", "New York Times", and "Washington Times" all carried extensive reports on Makino Technology. Among them, the article in "Los Angeles Times" was the most incisive. On the front page of their newspaper, there was a photo of Li Mu standing next to the Boeing 747 at the Capital Airport giving a speech. In the photo, Li Mu was talking to hundreds of employees. He was handsome and elegant.

That 747 was the China Airlines special plane carrying the first batch of Makino Technology employees to the United States. As early as that moment, Li Mu was like a king giving a speech to the soldiers before he set off. He was ready to conquer the United States.

The title of this article was: Welcome the new king of the world's instant communication field to the United States!

In the picture, it implied that the king was sending his soldiers to battle;

In the title, it implied that the king's soldiers had conquered this land, and the people of this land had surrendered and welcomed the king's arrival!

Although the words of "Los Angeles Times" were a bit exaggerated, no one thought it was inappropriate. Li Mu was the new king of the instant communication field. He didn't need to kill his opponents, because MSN and ICQ were like products of the last century in front of his YY.

After Li Mu suddenly became the target of the American media, his mother naturally did not miss this good opportunity to further harvest faith in Hua Xia for him. For the next two days, almost all the news programs on Central Television focused on Li Mu's conquest of the American market. All the American media reports on Li Mu, YY, and Makino Technology became the target of Mother Yang's coverage.

Li Mu, who was not in China, suddenly received the attention and support of hundreds of millions of compatriots in China. The reputation of Makino Technology almost reached the peak that a private enterprise could achieve.

At this moment, all the western elites were staring at Li Mu, waiting for his final move.

Everything that Li Mu had done before was just preparation for the launch of the nuclear bomb. Now, all the preparations were in place, and they were only waiting for Li Mu to press the "launch button."

This "launch button" was the exit that opened the YY channel of "Paradise Town".

As for how to guide Paradise Town's users to YY, Li Mu made three preparations:

First, all Paradise Town's users who registered and were bound to YY would receive a Paradise Town Super Gift Pack.

The contents of this "Super Gift Pack" were almost all related to the "Thanksgiving Global Competition." There were the most precious turkey eggs, turkey feed, and strong feed that could speed up the growth of turkeys. For all users who wanted to participate in the "Thanksgiving Global Competition," these were indispensable items!

This ensured that YY could take advantage of the "Thanksgiving Global Competition" to gain the favor of a large number of Paradise Town's users.

…

Second, all Paradise Town's users who registered and were bound to YY would receive a brand new building — the "Research and Development Center."

The "Research and Development Center" was a game production unit that had never been opened to the users. Once the users had it, they could develop all kinds of special potions inside. For example, the Land Growth Potion could increase the harvest of the land by 100% within 24 hours. To obtain the Land Growth Potion, one must first have the "Research and Development Center." Then, according to the requirements of the "Research and Development Center," one must provide the materials for the production of the Land Growth Potion. Finally, after a certain period of time, one must obtain the completed Land Growth Potion.

In addition to the Land Growth Potion, the "Research and Development Center" could also develop many other potions, such as Land Growth Potion, Animal Growth Potion, Animal Speed Potion, and even Double EXP Potion, as well as Luck Potion that increased the probability of obtaining precious items.

For all the players, once the "Research and Development Center" was launched, it must be a building that must be obtained. To obtain this building, one must register and be bound to YY. There was no other way.

This ensured that the players who were not interested in the "Thanksgiving Global Competition" would also have the motivation to register a YY account, complementing the first-hand.

…

The third method was to obtain log-in rewards from activating Paradise Town in YY every day!

All registered Paradise Town users who were bound to YY would receive a random reward from the system the moment they logged in, if they did not use Paradise Town's client to log in directly and instead used the one-button launch button in YY to log in, they would receive a random reward from the system after logging in.

This random reward could be gold coins, diamonds that could only be exchanged with cash, or all kinds of strange items.

Users had one chance to win a prize every day. However, if they logged in in YY for five consecutive days, the random reward would be multiplied by two from the sixth day onwards.

For example, if they logged in for the first five days, they would receive an item or 500 random gold coins each time. However, on the sixth day, the reward would be displayed in an eye-catching "X2" pattern. If the user drew a bundle of super fertilizer in the first five days, then on the sixth day, it would be "a bundle of super fertilizer X2"!

The eye-catching "X2" symbol would allow the user to intuitively feel the benefits of logging in continuously.

From the eleventh day onwards, the reward would be multiplied by three every day until the end of the event.

This was to ensure the activity of Paradise Town's users in YY by Li Mu.

It was not enough to just let them register and bind to YY accounts. If they only registered and bound but did not use it, it would be equivalent to contributing a meaningless number. Li Mu had to ensure that they had enough motivation to open YY every day.

Once a user opened YY, they would find that their in-game friends had all been synchronized to YY. All their online social contacts had been silently migrated. All that was left was to rely on the charm of YY's products to attract them.

…

The three-pronged preparation was complete. At this time, there were still three days before Li Mu's appointment with Mark Zuckerberg at Harvard University. Li Mu gathered the entire operation team of YY and Paradise Town together, and connected with the domestic team in real time to arrange his final battle plan.

When everyone was present, the first sentence Li Mu said was, "Comrades, after so long, our final attack is about to sound!"

His words made everyone's blood boil.

For Makino Technology, everything before was just an army formation. The next move was the final final attack!

From Li Mu to every employee of Makino Technology, they knew very well that a popular game like Paradise Town could only last for two years at most. Only YY could become a super sticky product that would accompany the users for a lifetime.

The fact that they could reach such a unified consensus was also related to Li Mu's continuous brainwashing in the company.

In his previous life, QQ was the Internet product that Li Mu had used for the longest time. It accompanied him from a big boy to a middle-aged IT loser. During this period, countless games and products flashed through Li Mu's life. Whether it was Legend of Mir, Warcraft, Weibo, or School, none of these products lasted until the end.

After QQ accompanied him for more than a decade, WeChat came into being. From then on, until his rebirth, QQ and WeChat were his products. There was nothing else but them.

Among them, QQ's position was the most irreplaceable, and it was also the most sentimental one.

From his teens to his thirties, family, friendship, love, work, entertainment … Almost all the elements of life could not be separated from QQ, and they could also be carried on QQ.

First love, online romance, classmates, friends, colleagues, netizens, gaming friends, old friends from the ends of the earth … Every person's QQ was a memoir of their youth. Once such a super sticky product became popular, how could users leave it?

If QQ was like this, then YY, which was on the path of QQ, would definitely have a higher influence!

By that time, the population of the United States and even the world's one billion developed countries would become YY's potential users. Li Mu was confident that YY's influence would surpass Facebook in his previous life. Facebook was not like him in his previous life, where he had a strong backing of more than a billion compatriots in China!

Facing the excited employees, Li Mu could not hide his excitement. "If we win this battle, we will be safe in the United States and other developed countries for the next 20 years. We will definitely have a near-monopoly position and dominate the world's online communication and social media. By that time, everyone here will personally experience and create the greatest miracle in the history of Hua Xia's Internet!"

The unusually excited employees got to know each other. Although no one said anything, everyone's eyes contained full confidence.

At that moment, there was no reason for YY not to succeed.

First of all, there was no doubt about the excellence of YY itself.

Second, the influence and number of users of Paradise Town were continuously creating new records at an astonishing speed. It was only a matter of time before it broke a hundred million, which ensured that YY would have a sufficient source of traffic.

Finally, the three-pronged preparation that Li Mu had made to guide the traffic could be said to be comprehensive. It could at least increase the conversion rate of Paradise Town's users to YY to more than 80%, or even higher!