Chapter 1186

As soon as Tom Cruise, who was very tired, heard his agent's words, he immediately threw all his tiredness to the winds.

Tom Cruise got up and roared angrily, "How can they be so shameless?!

Holding a press conference at this time without informing me, they are trying to get rid of me and use me as a scapegoat! "

His agent also blurted out angrily, "That must be it!

Those bastards! "

“F*ck！”

At this moment, Tom Cruise was so angry that he had completely forgotten that he had originally wanted to hold a press conference alone to clear his name without Warner and Edward. He did not expect that Warner would beat him to it, which made him panic.

At this time, his agent said in a hurry, "Tom, Tom!

Calm down, you must calm down!

The most important thing for us now is to find a solution. We don't have much time left! "

Tom Cruise said angrily, "What else can we do now?

It's too late for us to hold a press conference now! "

His agent blurted out, "Call Meyer!

Hurry up and negotiate with him before the press conference starts!

In any case, it's too much for him to get rid of us now. If he allows you to participate in this press conference and unify with them, then we won't pursue this treacherous practice! "

Tom Cruise nodded and said, "That's the only way. I'll call Meyer now!"

His agent said again, "Get ready now. I'll drive over to pick you up. Let's go to the press conference venue first. If you can't explain it to Meyer on the phone, then we'll go directly to the venue and force him to accept our conditions!"

“OK！”

Tom Cruise immediately reacted. It was such a big deal. How could they only communicate on the phone? They had to be prepared!

At this moment, Meyer was in the lounge next to the Warner press conference hall, cross-checking the contents of the speech to be delivered at the press conference.

As the head of Warner Bros., Meyer had seen countless big events, and he had gone through countless press conferences like this one. Other than the first time he was a little nervous, he was able to handle it with ease every time. But today, he felt even more nervous than the first time he held a press conference.

Meyer knew that when the media reporters arrived and he walked out of this room, he would not be the CEO of Warner, but one of the targets of the whole Internet's condemnation.

In other words, he was a sinner to the American people.

Today, what he had to do was to clear his name or lessen his guilt. This matter was extremely important to him. If he was not careful, he might lose everything.

The other executives of Warner Bros. were not as nervous as Meyer. After all, Meyer was the one taking the blame for this incident, and they were only accompanying her to bear a small amount of responsibility. The pressure and burden on their bodies were much lighter than Meyer's.

Meyer was so nervous that his legs kept shaking back and forth. From time to time, he would put down his script and rub his temples with both hands. His nervousness was evident on his face.

At this moment, Meyer's phone rang.

The one who called was Hirata Jiro.

Meyer looked at her phone that kept vibrating and felt extremely annoyed. If Horita was calling at this time, he must have known that she was going to hold a press conference. Therefore, this call from him was definitely nothing good.

Thinking of this, Meyer decided to ignore the phone. Even though it rang for a long time, Meyer did not pick up the phone.

The phone rang for a long time before it finally quieted down. Meyer's tense mind finally relaxed a little. She didn't expect the phone to ring again just a few seconds later.

It was still Hirata Jiro.

Meyer was starting to feel a little disgusted. That Horita was really like a ghost that wouldn't go away. Most importantly, he had this kind of magical power that could give her an extremely strong sense of oppression. Even if she couldn't see or hear him, just a call from him was enough to make her restless and restless.

The more this was so, the stronger the resistance in Meyer's heart became. After the phone rang five or six times, he could not stand it anymore. He picked up the phone, pressed the button, and immediately said, "Mr. Hirata, I'm telling you very officially, don't call me anymore!"

Hirata Jiro's angry voice came through the phone. "Meyer!

You bastard!

How dare you hold a press conference in private?

Who gave you the courage?!

What do you want to do?

What do you want to say at the press conference?! "

Meyer didn't expect Hirata to yell at him as soon as he got on the phone. He suddenly became angry and said angrily, "Hirata, you have to understand that I'm not your employee, nor am I your lackey!

I'm the CEO of Warner Bros., and I have the right to do what I want. It has nothing to do with you!

Do you think you're great just because you're rich?

This is the United States, not Japan! "

"Bakayaru!"

Hirata Jiro roared hysterically, "Meyer, you don't want to know what will happen to you if you offend me!

I'll give you one last offer. Cancel the press conference, and we'll be even. Otherwise, you'll have to think about the consequences! "

Meyer wasn't attracted by Hirata Jiro's offer at all. He was now very clear about what he wanted to do.

He wanted to completely get rid of this black hole of public opinion, so that he wouldn't be swallowed by it. Therefore, he didn't want to be even with Hirata. He wanted to be even with all the people in the United States, or even the whole world, who were resistant to extreme samurai!

So, Meyer said coldly, "Hirata, the press conference can't be canceled. From now on, I don't want to have anything to do with you anymore. As for the compensation stipulated in the contract, Warner Bros. and I will abide by it, and we will fulfill it as soon as possible. You and I have a contractual relationship, so everything will be done according to the contract!"

Hirata Jiro didn't expect that Meyer would dare to ignore him like this. He immediately shouted, "Meyer!

If you insist on holding the press conference, I'll make you regret … "

Before he could finish, Meyer hung up the phone.

"Bakayaru!"

Hirata Jiro smashed his mobile phone angrily. His expression was extremely ferocious, and his whole face seemed to have been dyed purple.

The assistant next to him hurriedly stepped forward and comforted him, "Your Excellency, don't be too angry. It's nothing more than a small Meyer. We can make this guy disappear from the world at any time!"

Hirata Jiro gritted his teeth and said, "Meyer is now the focus of the whole world. If he only announces at the press conference that he will stop filming 'The Last Samurai', it won't be too fast. But if he reveals my and Sumitomo's shell companies in order to clear his name, the impact on us will be too great!"

Hirata knew very well that Sumitomo's market had always been global. If it was really revealed that they had secretly invested in the production of a movie that praised the spirit of extreme samurai, the negative impact on the world would be too great. Even if he held an important position in the consortium, he could never make such a mess for the consortium. Otherwise, his position in the entire consortium would be greatly affected.

And Hirata knew that if Meyer only announced that he would stop filming this time, after this incident, he really had 10,000 ways to make him disappear from the world directly.

But on the other hand, if Meyer revealed himself, or if the consortium was involved, then there would really be nothing he could do about it. Because at that time, even if Meyer died in a real accident, the whole world would definitely blame his death on him. How would he dare to provoke him?

On the other side, Meyer finally felt much better after he hung up the phone with Hirata.

In fact, he had long wanted to scold this short man, who was less than 1.6 meters tall. This man did not have the so-called modesty and politeness of the Japanese. He was always full of arrogance, arrogance, and arrogance, which was very disgusting.

In the past, he did not dare to disobey him, and he did not even dare to speak loudly to him. But this time, after he finally let go of his anger, Meyer found that this feeling was really f * cking great. Sure enough, he felt a lot more comfortable!

While he was recalling the scene just now, his phone rang again. This time, it was Tom Cruise calling him.

Meyer did not know that Tom Cruise had already returned to China, but he guessed that Tom Cruise must have known that he was going to hold a press conference at this time.

Therefore, Meyer decided not to answer his call.

Not only was he not going to answer his call, but Meyer also did not want to answer anyone else's call.

He just wanted to finish the press conference and get rid of all the responsibilities that he could. As for the others, he was not God. How could he care so much about them?

Therefore, Meyer turned off his phone without hesitation. Before the press conference was over, he would not turn on his phone again.

At this time, whether it was him or Warner, they had no time to care about anything else.

For Meyer, he just wanted to solve the problem in front of him as soon as possible. At this time, his only request was to minimize his influence on Warner. In order to achieve this goal, he could sacrifice everyone's interests.

Whether it was Tom Cruise or Edward Zwick, the two of them just happened to be pitiful people that Meyer could step on to climb up in the quagmire. Only by sacrificing them could Meyer and Warner escape to the greatest extent.

Thinking of this, Meyer thought of that damn Hirata Jiro.

Although it was very fun to scold this idiot, Meyer also knew that if he offended Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick, he would not have to deal with them in the future. However, Hirata Jiro was too dangerous.

Hirata Jiro's ability, wealth, status, and influence were incomparable to the average super-rich. He had an exceedingly powerful financial group behind him. If a Fortune 500 company was an aircraft carrier strike group, then the financial group behind him was simply the entire U.S. Navy.