Chapter 715

"You have a way to help me?"

Wei Lan stared at Li Mu with her mouth agape. Before Li Mu could answer, she asked him, "How can you do it?"

Li Mu smiled, "Don't worry about the specifics. I'm just asking if you believe me."

Wei Lan hesitated for a moment as she recalled the people and things she had experienced. Then, she firmly said to Li Mu, "If you have a way to save Juncheng Real Estate, I'm willing to give my father and I 80% of our shares as repayment!"

Then, Wei Lan explained, "Juncheng Real Estate currently has two shareholders. 80% of the shares are in the hands of my father and I, and 20% of the shares are in the hands of another shareholder. The return ratio is 64% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "What's the net worth of Juncheng Real Estate now?"

Wei Lan took out the documents from her bag and handed them to Li Mu. At the same time, she introduced, "I've done a rough calculation. Including the funds that have been frozen in our accounts, the funds that have been invested, and the profit margin of the three properties in the future, the current net worth should be between 2.5 billion to 2.8 billion. But if this matter is dragged on for more than two years, the interest will be very high. It will be at least 500 million, so the remaining net worth should be around 2 billion."

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "According to the calculation of 2 billion, you and your father will only be left with 16% of the estimated shares. In other words, you'll be satisfied as long as you can keep the assets of 320 million?"

"Of course!" Wei Lan said without hesitation, "I'm already very satisfied with 320 million!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "How about this, give me three days. I need three days to verify if my method is feasible. So, don't leave Beijing in these three days. After three days, if my method is feasible, then my final offer to you is: join Wanying, and I'll guarantee you 800 million!"

800 million?

The weight of this sentence was so heavy that Wei Lan couldn't help but feel a little dizzy. She asked Li Mu with a look of disbelief, "You're not joking with me, are you?"

Li Mu smiled. "Don't worry about whether I'm joking or not. I just want to ask you one thing. Do you agree to my proposal?"

Wei Lan only considered for three seconds before she said without hesitation, "If what you said is true, I agree!"

Li Mu nodded and said mysteriously, "Since you've agreed, then I'll go on to the more specific conditions."

Wei Lan sat upright and stared at Li Mu. "Speak."

Li Mu quickly ran through the entire plan in his mind and said, "First, you have to sign an agreement with me. You and your father will transfer all the shares of Jun Cheng Real Estate to Wanying. The total value will be 1 billion RMB, and 80% of the shares will be worth 800 million RMB. However, Wanying will pay this sum in three years. Of course, we can't rule out the possibility of paying in advance. Three years is the latest deadline."

Wei Lan was stunned. Wasn't this the same as transferring the risk to Wanying Real Estate?

But she didn't have time to ask, so she said, "Continue."

"Second, in the next three years, you have to give up everything related to Jun Cheng Real Estate and bring a capable and trustworthy team to join Wanying Real Estate. You can't interfere with anything related to Jun Cheng Real Estate in the future, and I'll have full authority over it."

Wei Lan asked, "Anything else?"

Li Mu said, "That's all. Just these two."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and thought for a while before saying, "Your conditions are basically equivalent to letting Wanying Real Estate buy 80% of Jun Cheng Real Estate for 1 billion RMB. Moreover, it's a full team acquisition."

Li Mu nodded. "That's right, but the purchase price will be paid in three years."

Wei Lan frowned and asked, "That's not important, but the key is that Jun Cheng Real Estate owes the bank nearly 3 billion RMB. This money can't wait for three years, or even three months. We'll have to start paying off the first loan soon. Where are you going to get 3 billion RMB to fill this huge hole?"

Li Mu said, "You don't have to worry about where the 3 billion RMB will come from, but I'll think of a way to solve it."

Wei Lan subconsciously said, "If you want to use the money that Wanying Real Estate just cashed out, then you have to think carefully. If this money is used for real estate development, it can at least double in two to three years."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Don't worry, I definitely won't touch that money."

Wei Lan was even more surprised. "Then how are you going to solve this 3 billion RMB hole?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't have to worry about this for now. If you agree to my conditions, I'll naturally think of a way to solve the problem of money."

Wei Lan couldn't help but say, "Then let me ask something that I shouldn't ask. Are you going to take the money from your family?"

Wei Lan had always been curious about Li Mu's identity. In her heart, she could instinctively classify his background as the son of a rich family or the son of an official. If Li Mu's family background was really powerful, then 3 billion RMB might really not be a problem.

Unexpectedly, Li Mu smiled and said, "If my family had 3 billion RMB, I'd wake up laughing even in my dreams. Moreover, my parents have to take tens of millions of RMB from me in a few days to start their own businesses."

Wei Lan was even more confused. Li Mu's parents still wanted to take money from Li Mu?

Could it be that Li Mu wasn't one of those rich second generations from an extraordinary family?

Then where did his money come from?

A 3 million RMB car, a 30 million RMB villa, and a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate. Could it be that he worked hard to get all of this?

How was that possible …

"Li Mu, I've always been curious. You said that you're not directly in charge of Wanying Real Estate's operations. What exactly do you do?"

Li Mu said, "I'm a university student. I'm a business student."

"University student?" Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with a pair of silly eyes. Her face was full of doubt and confusion.

Li Mu smiled and asked her, "There's an amazing person at Renmin University who made a 3321. Have you heard of it?"

Wei Lan nodded. "3321."

Li Mu smiled and said, "3321 was made by me."

Wei Lan's eyes widened and she took a sip of wine to calm herself down.

Li Mu asked again, "Have you heard of Makino Technology?"

"Makino Technology?

Of course I've heard of it! "

Li Mu shrugged. "Makino Technology is my company."

"…"

Li Mu asked her, "Do you listen to music online?"

Wei Lan nodded.

"Which website?"

"Easy listening website …"

"That's also mine."

Wei Lan opened her mouth wide and took a big sip of the cocktail to calm herself down.

Li Mu completely ignored Wei Lan's shock and asked her again, "Do you usually shop online?"

Wei Lan shook her head blankly.

Li Mu said dully, "Then I won't tell you about other companies."

Wei Lan's eyes widened and her mouth opened wide. It was as if this conversation was the most shocking thing she had ever heard in her life.

At first, Wei Lan didn't dare to believe it, but seeing Li Mu's calm face, she felt that he was definitely not joking. Then she thought about how "Li Mu" and "Makino Technology" seemed to have a strong connection. Could it be that what he said was true?

Wei Lan felt that her heart was about to jump out of her chest. She suppressed the shock in her heart and asked Li Mu, "Are you going to use Makino Technology and other companies to help me?"

Li Mu shook his head. "Although Makino Technology and other companies now have a certain amount of revenue, the investment is far greater than the revenue. I even took one billion out of Wanying's seven billion to subsidize the development of other companies, including Makino Technology, so these companies can't solve the problem of nearly three billion."

After that, Li Mu added, "These companies are all playing with virtual valuations, and they are all fighting for future profits. It's still very difficult to do loans with virtual assets in our country, so it's impossible for me to use these companies as collateral to get money from the bank."

Wei Lan was at a loss. He didn't have so much money and couldn't get a loan. How was Li Mu going to solve the problem?

She thought of Makino Technology's strong power in public opinion and couldn't help but ask, "Are you going to expose Juncheng Real Estate and use public opinion as a weapon?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "It's a fact that Juncheng Real Estate is involved in bribery and illegal profits. Even if someone is adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes, at least everything the court has done is reasonable and legal. The exposure won't play any role."

Wei Lan was completely confused. Her ecstatic mood gradually calmed down. Li Mu's true identity did scare her, but she couldn't understand how Li Mu was going to help.

Li Mu saw her confusion and confusion. He smiled and said to her, "Don't ask anything first. Wait for me in Yanjing for three days."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and nodded lightly. Then she asked Li Mu cautiously, "Do you have any other conditions that you haven't put forward?"

Li Mu smiled. "No, but I do have an invitation."

Wei Lan asked hurriedly, "What invitation?"

Li Mu said, "I want to invite you to stay at my house for three days, which is your previous villa."

As he said this, Li Mu was afraid that she would misunderstand, so he explained, "My parents will be here during this time, and there are many rooms at home. You spent so much effort to renovate this villa, but you haven't stayed there yet, right?

You can take this opportunity to stay for a few days and accompany my parents. "

Wei Lan's nervous heart instantly relaxed. She nodded and said, "Then I'll go over tomorrow morning."

Li Mu smiled. "If you're worried that I'm lying to you, then come over tomorrow."

Wei Lan hurriedly explained, "I'm not worried that you're lying to me. It's just that I've already booked a room …"

After experiencing Xiao Chenfeng's actions, Wei Lan was really worried that she had finally escaped the wolf's den and entered the tiger's den. Thus, she could only find a lame excuse for herself.

Li Mu suddenly had a wicked idea of forcing Wei Lan to submit. Thus, he smiled and said, "Wei Lan, if my method works within three days, then we will be partners for the next three years. I admit that society is indeed very sinister, but sometimes you have to trust others unconditionally. Especially people who truly want to help you, like me."

Wei Lan bit her lower lip as she looked at Li Mu. This boy who was younger than her by six or seven years gave her a formless sense of oppression. However, when she saw his clear and bright eyes that didn't avoid her gaze, Wei Lan actually couldn't raise her guard against him. At the same time, she also felt an unwillingness to admit defeat. Do you think I'm afraid?

Half a minute later, Wei Lan made up her mind and straightforwardly said, "Alright!

I accept your invitation. "