Chapter 210

The surprise that Hu Zhengdao mentioned was that a local food company had taken the initiative to approach Hu Zhengdao today. Using the momentum of 3321, they donated 50,000 RMB to Hu Zhengdao's high school as a scholarship fund. The scholarship fund was to be distributed to the top ten students of each school year, as well as the top students who were admitted to key universities. This 50,000 RMB was only for one year of the fund. In the future, they would provide a minimum of 50,000 RMB to support the operation of the fund.

The request of this food company was also very simple. The scholarship fund had to be named after their company.

Hu Zhengdao felt that this was a good thing, so he did not reject it. The local school also agreed without hesitation. With the presence of so many media outlets, the food company also gained the halo of 3321 and accepted many interviews from the media.

Li Mu was very happy to hear this news. This was really an unexpected surprise. This proved that 3321 had begun to have a cohesive force in the field of charity. In the future, 3321 would not be fighting alone on the road of scholarships.

No matter what the basic purpose of these local businesses was, Li Mu felt that as long as they were willing to fork out the money, it would be a huge improvement.

After hanging up the call with Hu Zhengdao, Li Mu also began to calculate in his heart. Hua Xia had already interviewed 3321 twice on CCTV. These two times, they did not have any contact with him. Could it be that they were still holding a wait-and-see attitude towards 3321?

After thinking about it for a while, Li Mu shook his head and decided to let him be. He had already passed the stage of expectation.

Li Mu immediately imported Su Yingxue's photos into his computer. As he downloaded the latest version of Adobe Photoshop 6.0, he began to browse through Su Yingxue's photos one by one.

The newly bought camera had less than 4 million pixels, but it was still a DSLR. The lens was made of real materials, so the image quality was quite good. In addition, today's lighting was perfect. The model and the scenery were perfect. Li Mu felt that every photo was perfect.

He was still thinking of selecting about ten photos to develop, but looking at it now, there was not a single one that he was willing to give up.

However, if there were too many photos that had the same feeling put together, Li Mu was also worried that Su Yingxue would be tired of looking at the photos. So he forced himself to choose the ten best photos, and then began to do some simple post-processing with Photoshop.

…

Hu Zhengdao, Dong Ai, and the others only returned to Yanjing after nine o'clock that night. Li Mu treated them to a meal to welcome them. At the dining table, everyone told Li Mu about the details of this student aid operation. However, this time was very different from the last time. This time, there were almost no obstacles, and everything was surprisingly smooth.

After listening to them talk about what they had seen and heard, Li Mu said, "Our student aid in the future will continue next week. Yawei is a Yanjing local, so forget about him. Sun Jian, Jianfeng, and I are all from small cities. I don't know the environment that you two live in. The conditions of the rural middle schools around my home are still very ordinary. In the future, we can go to the middle schools in our hometown that are not so good to continue to do student aid."

Xue Jianfeng asked excitedly, "We also have a chance to go back to our hometown to do student aid?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "All of you here are the founding members of the 3321. The very beginning of the 3321's promotion depended on your two legs and one mouth. So, each of us has a chance to choose a middle school in our hometown and apply for a scholarship in the name of the 3321."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "There will not be such a chance in the future. The core purpose of our student aid is to help the people who need help the most. In the future, I will let the technology open a function on 3321 so that all the part-time students on 3321 can submit the information of their hometown schools. Then, we will review it and make a ranking, one by one."

Everyone was full of anticipation. Senior Sister Ai even said in high spirits, "If you guys don't have enough time and energy, go to school well. I will run all these errands in the future."

Li Mu nodded. "Everyone, just do what you can in the future. You don't have to participate every time. Also, you have to give the others a chance to go out and take a look."

The few people in Dorm 606 were also very understanding and immediately agreed. However, they were a little depressed. They were originally planning to follow 3321 and travel the great rivers and mountains of the country.

After the meal, everyone went back to their dorms. Only Hu Zhengdao went to the hospital alone.

Li Mu sent a message to Zhao Ziqiu and told her, "Zheng Dao is going to the hospital. With him and Yanan accompanying him, don't waste your time in the hospital. Go back and rest."

Zhao Ziqiu quickly replied, "Then I will leave when Zheng Dao comes. I don't want to stay and be a third wheel."

Li Mu said, "It's getting late. Don't go out by yourself. I will go to the hospital to pick you up."

Zhao Ziqiu sent a simple smiley emoji made of punctuation and said, "You are so nice."

From her three simple words, Li Mu felt a trace of love that tugged at his heartstrings. His heart slightly palpitated. He left the dorm and went straight to the hospital.

When Hu Zhengdao arrived at the hospital, the exhausted Wang Yanan also heaved a sigh of relief. Although Big Sister Liu was accompanying her in the hospital and she was very professional, Wang Yanan still didn't want to leave the hospital. On one hand, she wanted to accompany her mother. On the other hand, she knew that Hu Zhengdao would be flying back to Beijing tonight. So, she wanted to wait for Hu Zhengdao to return to the hospital. If she went back to her dorm to rest, the two of them wouldn't have a chance to see each other at night.

Seeing that Hu Zhengdao had arrived, Zhao Ziqiu said goodbye and left the hospital. Wang Yanan was worried that Hu Zhengdao would go back alone, so she wanted to send her back to Yan University with Hu Zhengdao. However, Zhao Ziqiu refused. Wang Yanan still wanted to insist, but Zhao Ziqiu said, "Someone will send me back. Don't worry!"

Wang Yanan thought that Zhao Ziqiu was deliberately lying. When she was about to ask who she was, Hu Zhengdao gently pulled the hem of her clothes from behind and whispered in her ear, "Li Mu..."

Wang Yanan immediately understood. She smiled and said, "Then we won't send you back. Remember to text me when you get to the dorm."

Zhao Ziqiu saw the scene just now. Although her face was a little hot, her heart was full of joy. She said goodbye to the two and Wang Yanan's mother with a smile and ran out of the ward happily.

Seeing Li Mu standing in the hall of the inpatient department, Zhao Ziqiu smiled shyly and walked to him with small steps. She asked in a sweet voice, "You didn't drive, did you?"

Li Mu nodded. "No."

"That's great!"

Zhao Ziqiu smiled happily and grabbed Li Mu's arm with both hands. While following him out, he said, "I was thinking that if you drove here from such a short distance, wouldn't it take you five minutes to get to our school?"

Li Mu joked, "It's only three minutes to drive at this hour."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "It's better to walk. You can stay with me for a while."

Li Mu was held by Zhao Ziqiu's arm. They walked out of the hospital and slowly walked to Yan Capital University. With such a cute and helpless girl by his side, Li Mu felt calm and full at this moment. This kind of feeling did not match his current body. Now he was at the age where he dreamed of traveling the world with a sword. At this moment, his comfortable heart was more like a middle-aged man who was tired of the wind and waves.

The two didn't talk much along the way. They just experienced this feeling in their hearts and tasted the different feelings in their hearts.

Strolling under the banyan tree by the road of Yan Capital University, Li Mu suddenly thought of the situation on Ginkgo Avenue this afternoon. The scenery in front of him was quiet and ordinary, far less dazzling than on Ginkgo Avenue, but it seemed to be closer to life than on Ginkgo Avenue. The colors on Ginkgo Avenue were too strong for him. It reminded him of the flamboyant dreams of his youth.

Two completely different feelings lingered in his heart. For a moment, Li Mu couldn't tell which one was better.

Downstairs of Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory, another boy had been waiting there for a long time, holding three roses and a letter folded into the shape of a heart. Seeing her holding Li Mu's arm, he angrily threw the three flowers on the ground, crushed them with his soles, and left in a huff.

Li Mu stood in front of the door, and Zhao Ziqiu also stopped. She reluctantly said goodbye to Li Mu and returned to the dormitory with her beating heart.

…

On Wednesday, Zhang Kexuan came.

In the afternoon, Li Mu was in class when he received a call from Zhang Kexuan. After a simple plan, the four of them actually arrived in Yan Capital, and they were near the National People's Congress at this moment. After they booked a private room in a high-end hotel, they directly called Li Mu and asked him to come for a gathering in the evening.

Some time ago, Li Mu heard from Chen Wan that Zhang Kexuan was coming, but he didn't expect that the four of them would come together. They hadn't seen each other for a long time. Li Mu missed the four of them very much, so he agreed without hesitation and agreed to meet at the hotel at 6: 30.

They hadn't seen each other for a few months. After a simple plan, the four of them were obviously thinner than before, but overall, they looked more energetic, especially Zhang Kexuan, who worked hard in the gym in his spare time. Now he had developed a muscular figure like a Korean male star. Ye Tianming also found a chance to cut his long hair, and he looked much more refreshed.

The four of them asked about Li Mu's recent study and life situation, and Li Mu also answered them one by one. They also asked about the current situation of 3321 in detail, as well as the Easy Listening website that Li Mu had started operating since July and August. Now it had been registered as Makino Technology.

When they heard that Makino Technology was valued at 50 million yuan in Series A, the four of them were shocked speechless. After a while, Ye Tianming exclaimed, "No wonder you invested so much energy in setting up this website. It turns out that the website is so valuable when it's done well."

Li Mu smiled noncommittally and asked, "The four of you have been very powerful recently. You have received so many commercial performances that your legs are weak. You have earned a lot of fame and money, right?"

The four of them looked at each other and smiled. Zhang Kexuan said, "It's all thanks to you!

If it weren't for you, we would probably still be imitating Beyond in our rehearsal room. "