Chapter 659

After Li Mu promised to promote Chen Kaige's movie at the dinner table, Li Mu gradually became the focus of the conversation at the dinner table. Gong Li also took the opportunity to say to Li Mu, "Li Zong, my new movie will be released next month. I wonder if you can help me promote it?"

Li Mu didn't know much about the movie market before 2005. Except for some relatively famous movies, he didn't know what other movies would be released at that time. So he asked her curiously, "Sister Li, what's the name of your new movie?"

"Zhou Yu's Train."

Gong Li said, "This movie will be released on the first of next month. It's me, Sun Honglei, and Liang Jiahui."

Li Mu nodded. He had seen this movie when he was young, but he couldn't remember the specific plot. He only remembered that Gong Li was very charming in it. Sun Honglei wasn't very popular at this time, so the influence of this movie seemed to be average. However, Li Mu still used the same strategy as before. He first promised with an uncertain attitude and said, "I'll go back and talk to the company to see the schedule. If I can find a chance, I will definitely help."

Gong Li smiled brightly and nodded to thank him. "No matter what, I thank Li Zong first."

At this time, Ge You smiled and said, "You all have new movies this year, but I don't. It's not easy to get to know such a capable person like Li Zong, but I can't ask for his help. I'm really disappointed."

Gong Li said with a smile, "Don't talk nonsense. The box office of your New Year's movies in recent years is obvious to all. Last year, your movie had more than 40 million yuan. Besides Pearl Harbor, your movie had the highest box office. We envy you so much."

"Hey."

Ge You said seriously, "That's all in the past. We're not talking about this year. You all have new movies this year, but I don't. Am I right?

You all can ask Li Zong to help promote new movies. I also want to ask for his help, but there are no new movies this year. You know how I feel. "

Gong Li joked, "Don't you have two movies next year?

One of them is Director Feng's New Year's movie. In my opinion, the box office will definitely exceed 50 million yuan! "

Ge You laughed and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, if I ask you for help next year, you must remember me."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Don't worry. If you have new movies next year, you can tell me in advance."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "I think there are many areas where we can cooperate. Muye Image also wants to participate in more film and TV series production. At the same time, under the framework of Muye Technology, we also hope to be able to set foot in the cinema market. However, we don't have much foundation in the film and television industry, so there are many things that we don't know very well.

"I, Zong, Li Li Zong," Li Mu said. Zong I, Li Zong, Li Li Mu, "I Li Mu Technology, Li Li Li Zong, Zheng.

Li Mu nodded. "I've always been interested in cinema chains, but I haven't had the chance to get involved in this industry."

Director Chen said, "With the strength of Makino Technology, it must be very easy for you to build a cinema chain. Now is a good time to reform the cinema chain. Many new cinema chains are also busy expanding their territory. In my personal opinion, the cinema market will become more and more popular in the future. When Hua Xia joined the World Trade Organization, he promised to open the cinema chain to Hong Kong and foreign capital to enter the field of cinema chain transformation in the Mainland. At that time, the market will gradually heat up."

Li Mu asked him, "Do you understand the current situation of the cinema chains in Yanjing, Director Chen?"

Director Chen nodded. "Right now, there are only a few established cinema chains in Beijing. Among them, Huaying and New Cinema Alliance are relatively large, but they also have a big problem. The construction standards for new cinemas are high, and the renovation costs for old cinemas are high. Right now, building a new multiplex will cost at least 20 million yuan, and renovating one will cost at least 10 million yuan. This is very difficult for the cinema chains, and they are currently looking for financing everywhere. I heard that the most profitable cinema chain in Shanghai, United Cinemas, can't bear the cost of renovating their cinema chains. Their annual revenue is only tens of millions of yuan. If the spring of the box office hasn't arrived yet, and they don't have any capital to participate in it, they won't be able to realize the renovation of their cinema chains quickly. If Director Li is really interested in cinema chains, you can talk to them.

Li Mu was surprised. Although Director Chen had repeatedly failed at the box office, he did not expect him to have such a deep understanding of the film market. What he said made Li Mu's heart itch. According to the situation in his previous life, the box office had just entered a stage where it was slowly rising, but this stage would suddenly fall to a freezing point in the first half of next year when SARS arrived. If he wanted to close down the cinema chains, the SARS period next year would be the best period. However, Li Mu did not want to wait that long, and he did not want to have a reputation of making money in times of crisis. If he could invest in or even buy a few cinema chains now, it would be too timely.

The history of the economic development of many countries reflected a surprising similarity: when a country's per capita GDP exceeded 6,000 US dollars, the country's sports and entertainment market would definitely usher in a blowout development. This point would be perfectly confirmed by Hua Xia in the future. Hua Xia went from a market with an annual box office of less than one billion yuan to the world's largest market. It only took a total of ten years for it to gradually develop into the world's largest market. In the era of the movie box office explosion, the ones who really had the biggest interests and the right to speak in the film industry were the cinema chains.

Li Mu had long wanted to set up the cinema chains in advance. On one hand, he wanted to develop his own cinema chains, and on the other hand, he wanted to develop his own online ticket business.

His idea was that if this year, at the latest next year, Makino Image could have a cinema chain that it controlled, then he would let Fang Xudong take the lead in developing a system for selecting seats and selling tickets in cinemas online, referred to as the online ticket system.

After this system was developed, it would be directly embedded in the Taobao network. Offline, it would be popularized in every cinema chain. He also needed to find hardware companies to customize self-service ticketing machines and embed this system into the ticketing machines. In short, this system would connect the user's computer, the cinema's computer, and the ticketing machines in real time through the system itself and the Internet. The logic of this system was not difficult.

First, the terminal of the cinema chain had to have a certain degree of customization rights. In this way, the cinema chain could define the information of each cinema hall and the seating map according to the actual situation of its own cinema. Then, the information of the cinema hall and the screening schedule would be uploaded to the server. At the same time, this system could be combined with the cinema chain's own cinema sales system to share the sales of both sides in real time. In this way, the users could know the sales of each cinema hall and each show in real time through the Taobao network. At the same time, they could buy tickets according to their own needs.

Every time a user locked a seat, the seat would be reserved for the user in the system for a certain period of time. The user could buy it directly. If the user did not buy it within the specified time, the system would automatically release the reserved seat and provide it to the netizens on the Internet to choose again. In the end, the users who successfully bought the ticket could directly arrive at the cinema before the movie started. They could easily pick up the ticket through the ticketing machine and watch the movie directly. This not only saved the time of waiting in line to buy tickets, but also avoided the risk of finding that there were no shows and no seats after arriving at the cinema.

The hardware and software of the Online Ticketing System was not a big product, and there was no technical difficulty. It could be easily implemented now. However, the real Online Ticketing System was born at the end of 2005. It was first launched by the Online Ticketing Network. The main reason was that the movie market was still in the ice-breaking period, so the market enthusiasm was not enough. The Internet people had not set their sights on this field yet.

If Li Mu wanted to make such a system now, there was no difficulty in the software. It could be implemented in one or two months. Moreover, the hardware involved in this system was very simple. The so-called ticketing machine was actually a computer connected to the Internet, with a simple input keyboard and a thermal paper printer. When the user picked up the ticket, he would enter his own ticket collection code on the machine. The system would send the ticket collection code to the server for verification. After the verification, it would automatically call the corresponding show and seat information of the user. Then, it would use the thermal paper to print the ticket on the spot, and the ticket collection could be realized. Moreover, this kind of machine basically did not need any maintenance. It was enough to fill in the thermal paper regularly. There was no technical content.

As long as there was a complete online ticketing system, online ticketing and online ticketing would become a reality. Li Mu had a complete online payment ecosystem. Users could choose the cinema and the show on Taobao to select and buy tickets. The tickets could be paid directly with Alipay, and then they could go to the cinema to pick up the tickets.

Compared to the traditional way of buying tickets, online ticketing and online ticketing would bring a qualitative leap to the user's experience of watching a movie. It would have a great positive effect on the box office. Moreover, his YY had a lot of traffic. At that time, if he wanted to promote a certain movie, he could directly promote it through YY. After the users were interested in a certain movie, they could directly go to Taobao to select and buy tickets. Then, they could directly go to the cinema to watch the movie. This method was much more effective than the traditional way of promoting.

Once this system was successful and effectively increased the box office of the cinemas that used this system, then he could popularize this system to all the cinemas in the country and let Taobao become their ticket sales channel. Once Taobao became the main channel for users to buy tickets, it would help the major cinemas in the country to sell tickets and make money. At the same time, the major cinemas in the country would also help him earn a generous commission. This income could not be underestimated.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Director Chen, "Director Chen, please help me contact several major cinemas in Beijing and ask if they are interested in cooperating with Makino Technology. If they are interested, we can make an appointment to meet and talk."