Chapter 287

For Li Mu, Easy Listening Network had two missions. One was to provide the first step for Tieba, and the other was to sell it for money.

Now, Easy Listening Network had perfectly achieved its first mission. The only thing left was to sell it for money. The reason why it hadn't been sold yet was that the price hadn't reached Li Mu's satisfaction.

Now, Easy Listening Network was exploiting the loophole of the law to do piracy. Although there were no laws and regulations to restrict it, it would eventually become the target of public criticism. However, transferring all the shares within three years and completely separating himself from Easy Listening Network was a rigid requirement that Li Mu set for himself. It couldn't be slower than three years.

That was why he said to Li Zong, "Leave Easy Listening Network with nothing in three years."

Li Mu's words were like a bomb exploding in Li Zong's heart.

After losing Tieba, other than Baidu, his biggest thought was Easy Listening Network. He dreamed of achieving a controlling stake and then integrating Easy Listening Network directly into Tieba. However, he only had 30% of the shares. He originally thought that if he wanted to get more shares from Li Mu, it would probably be a brain-burning battle. He didn't expect Li Mu to be willing to take the initiative to leave Tieba within three years and transfer all the shares to him.

Although he didn't know why Li Mu would so generously give up the future prospects of Easy Listening Network, Li Zong was still very excited at this moment. He blurted out, "Are you serious?

Don't tell me you're digging a hole for me again? "

Li Mu smiled and didn't call him Li Zong anymore. Instead, he called him by his English name like an old friend. "Robin, to be honest, my energy is limited. Easy Listening Network is already ranked last in the order of importance to me. I only value Tieba. Otherwise, I wouldn't have let you transfer all the shares to Easy Listening Network."

Li Zong nodded and said, "Continue."

Smiling, Li Mu drew closer to him and said, "I just heard Manager Ding talk about the game market. I feel enlightened all of a sudden. Now I want to get involved in the game industry. Just now, I asked you about the Ninth City. A friend of mine told me that this company seems to be doing something related to games. So, I want to ask you if you know anything about this company."

Li Zong said, "Don't mention games first. Let's talk about Easy Listening Network. Are you really going to let go within three years?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said with certainty, "I don't have much use for it. You are the one who needs it the most. I know that you want to integrate Easy Listening Mu into it. Don't worry, I'll let you do it in 2002."

Li Zong was shocked. Li Zong was shocked. Li Mu guessed it Mu.

This guy had sharp eyes. Li Zong.

Surprised, he asked Li Mu, "You mean, within 2002, you'll let me control the Easy Listening Network?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded. "Robin, I'll say it again. We're partners. Would I cheat you?"

Li Zong thought for a moment and nodded warily.

Li Mu sighed. "You're really boring. Our cooperation is only at the level of Easy Listening Network. What's the point of me lying to you?

I really think that you're a good person and I want to be friends with you. If you don't trust me, then pretend that I didn't say anything. However, I can also guarantee you that I won't transfer any shares of Easy Listening Network to you in the future. "

Li Zong panicked. "Hey, what are you talking about? You're so heartless between partners. It hurts our relationship."

Li Mu curled his lips and asked him, "You looked at me with distrust just now. Doesn't that hurt our relationship?

I'm talking to you about this with 100% sincerity. What about you?

What kind of attitude is that? "

Li Zong hurriedly took the seat list from Li Mu's hand and said, "Hey, let's talk about this Ninth City. I know a little about this company."

Li Mu saw that he was finally on the right track. He smiled and didn't pursue the matter. Instead, he asked him, "Tell me, what do you know about it?"

Li Zong said, "This company isn't involved in games right now. It just created a gaming online community called Gamenow. It was doing well at first, but then they wanted to use the community to do e-commerce. In the end, it was a mess. This year, 17173 stole their traffic. Then, there was your Tieba, which stole their traffic. Now, gamers are all going to Tieba. I don't think these two sites will last long."

In Li Mu's memory, Ninth City was indeed quite miserable before Miracle was created. However, he didn't know how miserable it was.

Actually, Ninth City first started with Gamenow. Then, they tried to expand Gamenow into e-commerce. In 2001, they lost 16 million RMB. It was extremely miserable. Although they managed to create Miracle in 2002, they still lost 20 to 30 million RMB for the entire fiscal year. It wasn't until 2003 that their losses skyrocketed due to the popularity of Miracle.

Zhu Jun and Chen Tianqiao had similar beginnings. Both of them relied on a game to become popular and become the top of the industry. Chen Tianqiao had already seen spring, but Zhu Jun was still struggling in the harsh winter.

The most interesting thing was that Li Mu's appearance and the appearance of Tieba had a huge impact on all the other Chinese-speaking communities on the internet. This included Ninth City's Gamenow.

Li Mu thought to himself. He didn't know if Miracle had been developed yet. Perhaps it had already been released in Korea. He estimated that a few million RMB would be enough to get the exclusive rights to the mainland from the Korean gaming companies. However, the biggest cost wasn't the licensing fees, but the support of an MMORPG. It was the continuous expansion and upgrading of the powerful hardware, as well as the huge cost of advertising and promotion.

However, the cost wouldn't be too high. One could roughly estimate the investment. In 2001, they lost 16 million RMB. In 2002, they lost 30 million RMB. In 2002, they lost 14 million RMB more than in 2001. For the time being, even if all of these losses were on Miracle MU, this amount of money should include the agency fees, team building, hardware construction, and all of the costs of advertising and promotion.

Li Mu asked Li Zong, who was beside him, "Robin, how much is Ninth City worth now?"

Li Zong thought for a moment and said, "A few tens of millions. They're currently losing a lot of money, and they haven't found a good direction or profit model. I don't think the capital market is optimistic about them."

Li Mu asked again, "If they can't find a profit model, how long can they last?"

Li Zong laughed, "If they can't find a profit model in 2002, this company is doomed."

Li Mu said happily, "Robin, you have a deep understanding of the companies in the industry."

"It's alright, I don't have a deep understanding. The person sitting in front of you does."

Li Mu frowned. Lei Jianguo?

What kind of trick was this?

Robin immediately explained, "He's known as a thief in the industry."

Li Mu nodded, "I understand."

From that moment until the end of the Internet Conference, there was only one thing on Li Mu's mind. He wanted to take over Miracle, block Ninth City's path of survival, and use Tieba to suppress Gamenow. He wanted to speed up Ninth City's downfall and kill them first.

After returning to Yucheng Garden, Li Mu looked up Miracle MU's situation. It turned out that the game had already been released in Korea, and it seemed like it was doing well. It was considered the best online game of 2001 in Korea, and it was much more popular than Legend of Mir.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. At the moment, there were no reliable games that he could bring out. If he cut off Miracle MU, Ninth City would probably have to learn from NetEase and develop their own games if they wanted to play. However, they were still incurring losses and did not have the ability to develop an online game.

Li Mu gave Lin Ching-ah a call and asked her to pay attention to Miracle MU in Korea. If it was possible, she wanted to contact its parent company and find out how much it would cost to be the exclusive distributor in China.

After that, Li Mu called Kong Lingyu and asked him to use a portion of the capital he had invested in the next few days to launch a promotional campaign for all the game's Tieba forums. He wanted to find a way to recruit as many users as possible from Gamenow and 17173. If there was a need for an Internet Water Army, he could contact Zhao Kang directly.

Zhao Kang came to visit as soon as he finished explaining this matter.

They hurriedly arrived at Yucheng Garden. As soon as Zhao Kang entered the door, he asked Li Mu impatiently, "Our people are all ready. There are also more than a million users in the Tieba community waiting. When will it start?

I can't wait to blow up the Q Bar again! "

Li Mu smiled and looked at the time. It was 8: 20 in the evening. He said to him, "At 8: 50, quickly tell as many people as possible about the method of exploding the bar. We will start at 9 o 'clock sharp."

As he spoke, Li Mu reminded him, "Don't forget to set up a smoke bomb. First, call everyone home to post a wave of posts in the Q Bar. Confuse them, then attack them with internal messages."

Zhao Kang immediately said, "I'll instruct them to call everyone over at around 8: 40."

Li Mu nodded and opened the data monitoring platform of Tieba. Looking at the current online data of Tieba, he couldn't help but sigh. At this time, there were actually about two million people online in Tieba, and more than 70% of them were gathered in the Tieba family. The last incident of exploding the bar had indeed made Tieba famous on the Internet. A large number of netizens came because of its reputation, and then they were directly converted into Tieba users, and this number was still growing.

At the same time, in the Q Bar business department, Luo Zhongwen looked at the estimated data of Tieba worriedly. At this moment, the origin of the exploding bar, the "Tieba family", had about 1.3 to 1.5 million people online. And he knew that such a large lineup was waiting for another exploding bar event at this moment. Q Bar was about to face a greater test. He was also not sure whether the current server's capacity could withstand such a wave of people's attack.

At the thought of this untechnical human wave tactic, Luo Zhongwen felt a chill down his spine. When the number of people reached such a scale, a spit could drown people.