Chapter 332

At nine o 'clock the next morning, Happy Farm's Item Store was officially launched.

The moment the payment was launched, in addition to a large number of users pouring into the store to pay for the items, there were also overwhelming negative comments fermenting in various post bars and forums.

In an hour, more than one million special packs of 0.1 yuan were sold, and the sales amount was more than 100,000 yuan. The sales amount of other items reached more than one million yuan. Many rich users bought a large number of items in units of hundreds, thousands, and tens of thousands.

On the post bars and forums, a large group of netizens suddenly emerged and began to take the lead in inciting ordinary users' resistance to Happy Farm.

The entire Makino Technology was working overtime, but Li Mu took advantage of the fact that it snowed last night on Sunday. There was very little snow in the city, but the news said that there was a lot of snow in the northern mountains of Yan Jing, so he drove Su Yingxue to the Wild Great Wall in the north early in the morning to enjoy the snow.

Yan Jing was surrounded by mountains on three sides. Basically, wherever there was a mountain, there was scenery. However, there were not many places that had been developed into tourist attractions. Li Mu knew a Wild Great Wall that slowly became popular in the circle of backpackers after 2008. The scenery was very beautiful, and it was almost undeveloped. The most important thing was that there were few people, so it was a good place to drive and play.

The launch of the prop mall was such a big event, but Li Mu left it behind and went to enjoy the snow. To some extent, he was a little careless, but he also knew in his heart that the real hard battle would come tomorrow, that is, after the QQ Fishery went online. Today's biggest problem was nothing more than the comments on the Internet. Tomorrow, his opponents would come to fight him with real swords and guns. He had left all the online comments to Zhao Kang, and he ran out to relax for a day, preparing for a life-and-death battle with the QQ Fishery tomorrow.

Zhao Kang had been working with Li Mu for a long time, and he was the only partner who had participated in all of Li Mu's projects from the beginning to the present. Li Mu gave him the last day before the battle, and he knew exactly what he should do. A large number of Internet Water Army under Douban began to move, fighting back against all kinds of attacks. The Water Army that Teng Xun could mobilize seemed to be huge, but compared to Douban, it was just a drop in the bucket.

No company or individual could afford to run such a huge, professional, and well-organized Water Army. If they simply relied on money, most of the Internet companies that had not figured out how to make money could die. If it weren't for Li Mu giving the agency of Legendary Overlord to Zhao Kang's core subordinates, Li Mu and Zhao Kang would not have been able to support the growing Douban team.

"Legendary Overlord" allowed Zhao Kang's core members to earn money, and they were tightly bound to Zhao Kang's subordinates. In order to protect this interest, they tried their best to bind their subordinates tightly. In this day and age, it didn't cost much to have a large group of fake reviewers at the bottom. They could even use the monthly activation code of "Legendary Overlord" to make them work hard for a week without any complaints.

It was precisely because each level was able to grab hold of the next that Douban's fake reviewers team had no opponents on the domestic internet. In just one morning, they had defeated their opponents. Often, when an opponent posted a provocative post, within a minute, there would be more than 10 to 20 rebuttal replies to their post.

Zhao Kang had been personally doing public relations with domestic Internet platforms, especially large portals and forums. At this time, this public relations relationship played an excellent role. Under Zhao Kang's instructions, except for Tieba, almost all other Internet platforms and forums supported Makino Technology. Those inflammatory comments posted on their own platforms were basically deleted without mercy. Needless to say, Tieba was no exception. Once found, it would be deleted and banned for a month.

The swift and decisive deletion of posts inside and outside Tieba left Teng Xun at a loss. Far away in Shenzhen, they didn't even have a public relations department, let alone a public relations relationship with other online platforms. Zhao Kang used both human relations and money, and Teng Xun could only watch as the efforts of his Water Army were continuously deleted by major platforms. He couldn't find a solution to the problem at all.

At this time, Li Mu and Su Yingxue were holding hands as they climbed a section of the Great Wall of the Ming Dynasty. They stood at the edge of the wall and admired the surrounding scenery. His cell phone rang. Zhao Kang and Kong Lingyu reported the current situation on the Internet. Zhao Kang said that except for Tieba, all other online platforms were already under his control. Kong Lingyu said that Tieba would not tolerate any comments that slandered Happy Farm and would delete them to the end.

Li Mu replied to the two of them and instructed Kong Lingyu to record and retain all the information of the posters, including the time of registration, the registered IP, and the login IP. He also asked him to filter out all the comments that came from the IP in Shenzhen and make a full set of screenshots for proof.

After that, Li Mu made the same request to Zhao Kang. It was just that it was more difficult for him to operate on other platforms, so Li Mu specifically told him that if he couldn't do it, he could just throw money at them. No matter what, he had to keep all the evidence.

Kong Lingyu didn't understand what Li Mu meant, so he asked Li Mu what was the point of doing this. Even if most of the attackers came from Shenzhen, they couldn't use this to accuse Teng Xun of unfair competition. Basically, they could only suffer in silence.

However, Zhao Kang understood Li Mu's intentions better than Kong Lingyu. He immediately promised, "Don't worry, I won't let go of any information related to Shenzhen."

Zhao Kang finally understood what Li Mu wanted to do. He wouldn't use this information to publicly accuse Teng Xun of secretly using the fake reviewers to attack Happy Farm. He would only return the favor. After QQ Fisheries went online, he would specially make a statistical summary of a large number of attacks from Shenzhen, and then use the fake reviewers to push it out. He would directly let the fake reviewers throw out the argument that Teng Xun secretly attacked and slandered Happy Farm in order to promote his QQ Fisheries plagiarized. With a huge chain of evidence, he would let the users decide for themselves.

The fake reviewers, Guo Haiming, the vice president of Teng Xun, was a little depressed deep in his heart. A large amount of information was released, and after a few minutes, the survival rate was less than 5%. The remaining information would be killed by the other party no matter which platform it was posted on. If this went on, no matter how much information was posted, the final result would be the same. Moreover, He Kang's own fake reviewers were much worse than Makino Technology's fake reviewers in terms of ability and scale. It was simply a pipe dream for him to achieve the level of information bombardment.

However, his overall mentality was relatively relaxed because he pinned more hopes on tomorrow. When QQ Fisheries went online tomorrow, he would directly send out the most direct advertisement to tens of millions of QQ users. Then, he would use the fake reviewers on other websites to cooperate with him and go all out to cut users from Happy Farm.

Currently, the social game market was dominated by Makino Technology, occupying 100% of the market share. Therefore, in this situation, Guo Haiming felt that as long as the game went online, Teng Xun, as a predator, would win in the end no matter what.

This kind of game was different from Tieba. What really formed the stickiness of Tieba was the continuous accumulation of users and content. Content was very important, but this kind of game was all about networking. QQ was not lacking in networking, so it would definitely not repeat the mistakes of Q Bar. Therefore, in this case, as long as he snatched away a user, Happy Farm would lose one user. If he snatched away 100 users, Happy Farm would lose 100 users. The only question was whether he would win by a large margin or a small margin in the end. In any case, he would be cutting others' bodies with a knife.

…

At ten o 'clock in the morning, Lin Ching-ah came to the headquarters of Wangchan Company again, ready to meet Jin Youquan.

Yesterday, Jin Youquan specially found the only person in Wangchan Company, Hua Xia, and asked him to translate for him, effectively covering up the specific gameplay of Happy Farm. Jin Youquan, who advocated client-side games (client-side games), initially scoffed at this kind of simple-made Flash game. However, after he really understood the gameplay of this game, his eyes could not help but light up.

They were all people who made games and had been in the game industry for so many years. Not only did they have a very good understanding of game technology, but they also had a very accurate grasp of the needs of the game market and the psychology of game users. In a very short period of time, Jin Youquan saw the real appeal of this game.

After that, he learned a lot about other things about Happy Farm. When he almost understood the relevant information, he finally understood why Lin Ching-ah was so confident.

Although Storm Entertainment was a new company, it was obviously supported by Makino Technology. Moreover, the major shareholder of this company was also the major shareholder of Makino Technology. This ensured that Storm Entertainment would definitely be able to get all the resources it needed from Makino Technology.

The most important thing in making a game was the needs of users. For example, companies like Shanda needed to buy advertising on online platforms and promote their games in offline Internet cafes to promote the game and gather users. However, Makino Technology had already gathered such a large user base. As long as these games were imported into Miracle MU, with the quality of the game, Jin Youquan believed that it would soon become popular throughout Hua Xia.

Last night, Jin Youquan did not sleep at all.

He was the head of the company's game copyright export. In other words, he was in charge of the copyright export of Miracle MU to all over the world. Although this sounded like a lot of power, in fact, the income from overseas copyrights was nothing to Wangzen. This was because they had not made any money from the overseas market yet.

"Miracle Mu" was the first masterpiece that made Wangzen famous. Since the development of "Miracle Mu" in 2000, they had become famous in Korea for more than a year. Unfortunately, "Miracle Mu", this masterpiece, had not been exported overseas. In their eyes, the most important market was still the domestic market.

In history, Miracle MU had not been exported to many countries. In 2003, Hua Xia, in 2004, Japan, and then it declined …