Chapter 5

Li Mu and Chen Wan took a taxi to the city hospital. On the way, Chen Wan kept apologizing to Li Mu and asked about Li Mu's performance in the exam.

"Not bad."

At the thought of the exam, Li Mu grinned happily and foolishly.

Even if he didn't get hit by a car in his previous life, he wouldn't be so confident in his English exam. He probably had a chance to enter a top university this year.

Chen Wan sighed and said guiltily, "I'm really sorry for delaying your college entrance exam. If you don't do well today and want to repeat, I'll pay for all the expenses."

Li Mu looked at Chen Wan curiously and asked seriously, "Sister, what do you do?

You seem to be only three or four years older than me, but you can already drive a private car. "

Although private cars in 2001 weren't very rare, the owners were definitely rich and powerful.

Chen Wan blushed at Li Mu's question.

The car is my dad's. I just got my driver's license, so I wanted to practice driving during the summer break. Today, I drove pretty well, but it suddenly started raining heavily. I was fiddling with the windshield wiper, and in a moment of panic, I made a mistake and turned on the directional lights. I was caught off guard and couldn't see clearly outside, so I ended up hitting you … "

Chen Wan touched her chest with lingering fear and said, "Fortunately, I subconsciously braked first, otherwise you would've …"

Li Mu was speechless after listening to Chen Wan's words. Using the windshield wiper with the windshield wiper, Chen Wan, a female driver, could indeed be classified as a road killer.

However, Li Mu didn't continue to ask about this topic. He wanted to get to know Chen Wan first according to his previous plan. It would be best if they could cultivate a relationship, so he deliberately asked, "Sister, what's your name?"

"My name is Chen Wan, Er Dong Chen, which means Wan."

Li Mu smiled faintly, "Then I'll call you Sister Wan from now on."

"Okay!" Chen Wan smiled, "I'm twenty-one this year. I should be older than you by three or four years, right?"

"I'm eighteen, three years older than me."

Chen Wan nodded and pursed her lips into a smile. "If you do well this year, which university are you going to attend?"

"Yan Jing," Li Mu said without hesitation.

"Yan Jing …" Chen Wan was slightly disappointed and said, "Haizhou is only 300 kilometers away from Shanghai, and 1,000 kilometers away from Yan Jing. It's so convenient to go to Shanghai, and the development of Shanghai is no worse than Yan Jing."

"Is distance a problem?"

"Isn't it?"

"Really?"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled.

He couldn't possibly say that he had lived in Beijing for eleven years, could he?

He couldn't say that there were only two subway lines in Beijing now, but in 15 years, this number would increase tenfold. This information was full of wealth and opportunities.

He couldn't say that half of Hua Xia's internet industry, or even most of it, would actually be concentrated in Beijing, right?

Although Alibaba was in Hangzhou and Tencent was in Shenzhen, others such as Baidu, Sina, Sohu, NetEase, Jingdong, 360, Youku, and Tudou were all concentrated in a magical place called Zhongguancun in Yan Jing.

He couldn't say that he had fought for half of his life there. There were too many feelings and too much unwillingness.

In comparison, Shanghai was almost unattractive to him. Therefore, even if it was far away, he still wanted to go north.

Chen Wan was helpless and curious. She couldn't help but ask, "By the way, why did you tell me not to invest in stocks when you got off the car?"

Li Mu shook his head. "My brain is muddled …"

When they arrived at the hospital, Chen Wan brought Li Mu to the emergency department. After making a phone call, a middle-aged doctor ran over and took Li Mu for a series of nearly ten examinations. Chen Wan accompanied him as much as possible during each examination. Unless there were some inconvenient ones, she would wait outside the door.

When Li Mu came out after the brain CT scan, Chen Wan was not the only one sitting outside the door. His parents, who were more than ten years younger, were also sitting outside the door.

"Dad, Mom."

From the moment Li Mu was reborn until he came out of this isolation door, he had been excited. Excitement was not enough to describe it. It was more like ecstasy.

However, this kind of ecstasy disappeared like a receding tide the moment he saw his parents. Instead, it was replaced by warmth, guilt, gratitude, and worry.

Li Mu quickly walked forward and hugged his parents who had just gotten up. He hugged them very tightly. He didn't cry, nor did he say anything. He just hugged them tightly.

His current parents, his father was forty years old, and his mother was thirty-nine years old. Both of them had been workers in the state-owned Xiling Coal Mine since the beginning of the planned economy era. Although there was a wave of layoffs in the early nineties, fortunately, the coal industry was still stable. The layoffs were much better than those in textile factories and agricultural machinery factories. Although his parents weren't rich yet, they didn't have anything to worry about. Therefore, they looked much younger.

However, the change started from the car accident.

First, he was injured in the car accident, and his parents were worried about him. Then, he did badly in his English exams and missed out on a good university. Then, his parents were laid off …

When he thought about how his parents seemed to have aged by more than ten years in just a few years after he graduated from university, Li Mu swore in his heart that he would never let his parents go through the pain of the past again.

At this moment, his parents were asking him how he was feeling with concern. His mother was even crying and sobbing.

Only then did Li Mu say in a choked voice, "Dad, Mom, I'm fine. Don't worry."

The doctor also walked over and explained, "I've done a lot of tests on Li Mu. He's basically fine except for some superficial abrasions on his forehead and arms. He was in a coma for a short period of time when the accident happened, so I arranged for him to do a brain CT scan. Although the results haven't come out yet, you don't have to worry. With my experience, it shouldn't be enough to cause a concussion."

At this time, Chen Wan also walked over and said guiltily, "Uncle, Auntie, it's all my fault. Don't worry, I'll take responsibility for everything."

Papa Lee and Li Ma were both reasonable people. Both of them expressed that it was fine as long as the child was fine.

After saying that, it was Chen Wan who felt embarrassed.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "It's not a big deal. Let's not treat each other like outsiders. When the brain CT results come out, if there's a problem, Sister Wan only needs to be responsible for treating me. If there's nothing wrong, Sister Wan can treat us to a meal. I'm not trying to extort a meal from you, Sister Wan, but it's almost time for dinner."

Li Ma was amused by her son's words and her tears turned into laughter. Papa Lee couldn't help but look at Li Mu in surprise. He was a little surprised. Li Mu's joking words made him vaguely feel that Li Mu seemed to want to make friends with this girl named Chen Wan.

Looking at Chen Wan, she was very beautiful. She had the looks and the height, and she was natural and unrestrained. He could also see that she was very kind-hearted. However, she seemed to be a little older than his son …

However, as the saying goes, a woman is three years old. From what he could see, Chen Wan seemed to be only 21 or 22 years old, which fit the old saying …

Papa Lee shook his head. Damn it, what was he thinking about? His son was only 18 years old and hadn't even gone to college yet.

After listening to Li Mu's words, Chen Wan didn't understand the meaning in Papa Lee's eyes. She just said straightforwardly, "Of course, let's go to Haizhou Restaurant. I'll call and book a private room now!"