Chapter 1002

At this moment, Boss Ma could only be described as being rescued from a hopeless situation.

Originally, Le Tao had been besieged by Taobao, but he didn't expect that Li Mu's arrogance would give him a chance to break out of the predicament.

Boss Ma was quite disdainful of Taobao's action of cracking down on counterfeits. He felt that this was exactly why Li Mu was so arrogant. He always thought that everything was under his control and that everything was planned perfectly. He must have thought that Le Tao was completely dead and that the domestic e-commerce industry was completely under his control. Therefore, he began to use unconventional means to show his influence.

Since ancient times, rulers had hoped to fish for fame and praise by accomplishing something that ordinary people thought was impossible. Their intention was to be passed down through the ages.

Boss Ma felt that Li Mu now thought that he was the ruler of Hua Xia's e-commerce industry. Therefore, he couldn't wait to carry out an unrealistic purge.

In Boss Ma's opinion, in the market environment of Hua Xia, it was basically a pipe dream for a company to crack down on counterfeits with great fanfare. Even the national legislation had not touched this field, and even the real economy could not control counterfeits. How could it be possible for Li Mu to eliminate counterfeits in Taobao and even on the internet through himself?

It was completely against the law of the market. If this wasn't fishing for fame and praise, then what was?

He thought that he could understand Li Mu's thinking to a certain extent. He thought that Li Mu was the same as him. They were both full of desire for fame, status, and exposure. They always wanted to do something that would make everyone admire them. Li Mu didn't rely on such crooked ways to make his fortune. Therefore, after he made his fortune, he naturally hated those crooked ways that might affect him even more. At this time, he came out to crack down on counterfeits because he felt that he had no opponent and that the world was under his control.

Boss Ma quickly formulated his battle plan. All the shops that were shut down by Taobao were the targets that Taobao would fight for.

Just when all the employees of Taobao were out searching for the punished Taobao sellers, a "Taobao Blacklist" was suddenly released in an entrepreneurship forum. A netizen nicknamed "Taobao Smashed My Rice Bowl" posted that his shop originally had a monthly income of more than 10,000 yuan. However, because he sold some imitation Adidas T-shirts, Taobao closed his shop. His income dropped to zero, and his entire family was facing great financial pressure.

This netizen's words were filled with resentment towards Taobao. He even openly said, "You can buy fake Adidas and Nike clothes in any small clothing store in every city. Even the government hasn't done anything about it. What right does Taobao have to do anything about it?"

This netizen also said in his post that he had a high school classmate who worked in Taobao. This time, he asked that classmate to see if he could make an exception. He didn't expect that this classmate who worked in Taobao would tell him that this time, Taobao was very strict in cracking down on counterfeits. All the shops that sold fake goods would be blacklisted if they didn't pay triple the compensation. It was useless to look for anyone else. Even the shops of the relatives of the executives had been shut down. There was no way he could get help through his connections.

Finally, this netizen attached an attachment to the post. He claimed that this was a "blacklist" that his high school classmate had sent him. There were a total of 246 Taobao shops on the list. They were all shops that Taobao had already shut down or were about to shut down.

The information in the attachment was very comprehensive. Other than the name of the shop that sold fake goods, the time of registration, the shop's new user, the amount of money suspected of selling the goods, the number of goods, the identity of the owner of the shop, and the contact number.

The information on the list was very detailed. Very soon, it was confirmed by the Taobao seller who had been shut down. This was because all the information on the list matched his actual situation.

All of a sudden, this OP got the attention of many shop owners who sold fake goods. Many people posted all kinds of questions to him. One of them was, "Why did Taobao only shut down about 100 shops in the first batch? They didn't shut down the remaining 100 shops on the list."

The OP's reply was, "Do you think Taobao is being lenient?

They can't wait to shut down these 200 shops in one go. However, they are still contacting the consumers who bought the goods. It is said that they need the cooperation of the consumers to collect evidence before they can shut down the shops! "

"OP, since you have acquaintances in Taobao, have you heard how long this crackdown on counterfeits will last?"

"I have confirmed that Taobao's crackdown on counterfeits will continue on a regular basis. There is basically no way it will stop."

"F * ck!

Taobao is too f * cking retarded. Although my shop has some branded imitations, my customers know that they purposely came to buy cheap fake goods. One is willing to be punished, and the other is willing to suffer. What does it have to do with Taobao? "

"There is no other way!

This time, I heard that Li Mu is doing his best to supervise the crackdown. He said that he wants to completely drive the fake goods out of Taobao. F * ck, I am not going to work in Taobao anymore. I am going to open a shop on another website! "

"OP, are there any good websites that I can help you with? My shop has been shut down, and I only have imitations. If Taobao doesn't allow me to sell them, I have no way out."

"I don't know any suitable websites now. I heard from my classmate who works in Taobao that other platforms in the country don't seem to have much traffic except for Taobao. Even if they don't care what we sell, there won't be any sales without traffic. If we don't make any money, isn't it all for naught?"

The others also chimed in. Some said that they had opened shops on Le Tao and other small platforms before, but after a day, not to mention the turnover, even the number of customers who came to inquire was pitifully low. There was no chance of making money at all.

This post attracted more and more Taobao sellers, especially those who had their shops shut down as punishment. The blacklist attached to the post quickly spread to the entire Taobao seller community.

Lu Zhaoxi excitedly went to Boss Ma with his laptop. After letting Boss Ma read the contents of the main post, he said to Boss Ma, "The information in the attachment has been verified. The content is basically all true. The contact information of more than two hundred shops is here!"

Boss Ma was very excited. "Really, someone handed me a pillow when I wanted to sleep!

After those shops were shut down, even the YY of the sellers was blocked. It's quite difficult to find them. With this list, we have all the information of more than two hundred sellers! "

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma immediately ordered, "Hurry up and arrange for our colleagues in the operations department to hurry up and contact these shop owners. We must persuade them to open shops on Le Tao."

Lu Zhaoxi nodded and asked him, "Boss Ma, how should we communicate with these sellers?

For example, what kind of policies should we give them and how can we let them operate on our platform without worry?

After all, we are a business. We definitely can't explicitly say that we will guide them to sell fake goods on our platform, lest we leave something behind. "

Boss Ma said faintly, "That's easy. Just tell them that we won't interfere with the goods sold by the sellers, as long as it's not explicitly prohibited by the country."

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma said solemnly, "You must make two things clear to them. First, we will never overstep our authority and replace the law enforcement to control and regulate the sellers on our platform. Second, we will respect every Le Tao seller and will never arbitrarily block any Le Tao seller's account or shop."

Lu Zhaoxi smiled and said, "Spread these two points, and we will definitely be able to capture this batch of sellers who have been blocked by Taobao."

Boss Ma smiled and said, "This time, we must use this as a pretext to make a fuss. Li Mu's crackdown on counterfeits is not wrong. We can't directly attack him, but he doesn't have the authority to enforce the law. If we use too much force to crack down on counterfeits, it will be like a dog catching mice. Moreover, he can casually block any Taobao seller's shop. This will definitely be a huge worry for all the Taobao sellers. I believe that many sellers who are not affected by this will also be worried. Therefore, we must first think of a way to drive a wedge between the other sellers and Taobao, so that the other sellers will subconsciously become estranged from Taobao."

Lu Zhaoxi said, "This can be considered as a psychological warfare between us and Taobao."

Boss Ma nodded and said, "First, we will draw in the ones they have killed, then drive a wedge between the ones they have oppressed. At the same time, we will use propaganda to slowly demonize them. If we do these well, we may still have a chance!"

…

Taobao website.

Lei Jianguo knocked on the door of Li Mu's office and came in with a smile. He said, "Li Zong, we have already spread the news that you wanted to spread."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. He asked him, "Is there any movement from Le Tao?"

"Yes."

Lei Jianguo smiled and said, "Out of the list of more than two hundred sellers, four of them were forged by us. In just a few hours, we have received calls from Le Tao's staff."

Li Mu asked him, "What did Le Tao's staff say?"

Lei Jianguo roughly told Li Mu what the staff had heard on the phone. Li Mu laughed and said, "Sure enough, Boss Ma is really an unkillable cockroach. As long as you give him a little chance, he will definitely not let it go. He will rack his brains to find an opportunity to make a comeback."

Lei Jianguo said happily, "If that's the case, I believe that it won't be long before Le Tao becomes the base for online counterfeiting in the country. If the government can come up with meaningful management measures to crack down on online counterfeiting, then Le Tao will definitely not be able to escape the crime of condoning counterfeiting."