Chapter 220

Li Mu wanted to find some after-dinner entertainment with Su Yingxue, but in Sanlitun, the only after-dinner entertainment was the bar.

Su Yingxue couldn't hold her liquor, and Li Mu was driving. So, they found it embarrassing that they had to go back after dinner. Su Yingxue stayed at her aunt's house at night, and Li Mu had to send her back the way they came.

After paying the bill, Chen Ze called and asked Li Mu what he was doing. Li Mu said that he just had dinner with his friends. Chen Ze asked Li Mu where he was and said that there was a high-end sports center near Chaoyang Park. He asked if Li Mu was interested in going bowling with him.

Bowling was one of the most suitable sports for social cultivation. There were many people participating, and it was fun to play sports and chat with friends. When Li Mu first started working, he occasionally played with his colleagues. It didn't cost much, and it was a good choice for leisure and entertainment. But later, this kind of thing gradually fell out of favor. After 2010, only a small group of people still insisted on playing bowling.

However, bowling was popular at the moment. Whether it was making friends or picking up girls, bowling was the best choice at the moment.

Li Mu didn't want to end his "date" with Su Yingxue. It happened that Chen Ze invited him, and it was not far away, so he asked for Su Yingxue's opinion.

Although Su Yingxue maintained her usual reserved appearance, she liked to stay with Li Mu in her heart, so she agreed without hesitation.

Chaoyang Park was less than five kilometers away from Sanlitun. According to Chen Ze's route, Li Mu drove to a high-end sports center called Carnival. Chen Ze said that he was far away and would arrive after a while, but he called the manager of the club and asked him to receive Li Mu and arrange for Li Mu and Su Yingxue to go in first.

When they arrived at the clubhouse, the manager of the clubhouse had been waiting in the lobby for a long time. Chen Ze's friend was coming, and it was Chen Ze who had personally ordered him to come. He had no choice but to brace himself. When he heard that Chen Ze would come over later, he even called his boss.

His boss was not usually in the club, but he had already told him that these extraordinary guests must be informed as long as they came to the club, and he would come as soon as possible to receive them.

As soon as Li Mu arrived in the hall, a girl came forward and asked, "Sir, are you a member of our club?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "My friend is."

The manager, who had been waiting for a long time, hurried forward and asked, "Are you Mr. Lee, Mr. Chen's friend?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's me."

The manager hurriedly bowed and made a gesture of invitation, saying, "Please come with me. The lane is ready."

Li Mu thanked him and followed him into the front door next to the front desk with Su Yingxue. As soon as they entered, Li Mu was surprised by the spacious and luxurious interior.

After entering the door, the interior space was a hall that was nearly ten meters high. The corridor was about eight meters wide, and it was like a viaduct going all the way forward. On both sides, there were sports areas that were a few meters lower than the corridor. At first glance, there were a lot of sports. On the left side were badminton, tennis, and table tennis, while on the right side were archery and fencing. These sports took up a lot of space.

Seeing that it seemed to be the first time for Li Mu and Su Yingxue, the manager eagerly introduced the situation of the club. In addition to the sports in the hall, there was a special fitness area and a bowling alley upstairs. On the lower floor, there was an indoor swimming pool. Outside the building, there was a mini golf course surrounded by a 30-meter-high fence. Li Mu had seen it from afar when he saw the car. It looked really arrogant.

The manager took Li Mu and Su Yingxue to the bowling alley upstairs. The interior decoration was luxurious, and the lane equipment was advanced. It could be said to be the best that Li Mu had ever seen. According to the manager, the bowling alley here was recognized as the best in China. Several domestic bowling competitions wanted to rent the venue here, but their boss refused all of them in order not to affect the members' experience.

At this moment, about half of the more than 30 lanes in the bowling alley were open. The manager took Li Mu and Su Yingxue to a lane near the center and said to them, "Mr. Chen said that he doesn't want to be disturbed, so the two lanes on both sides of the track are closed tonight. You can play for a while. I'll prepare some drinks for you."

Li Mu thanked him. After the manager left, he said to Su Yingxue, "Shall we play a game first?"

"Okay."

Su Yingxue smiled generously and said, "I just came out with my aunt's family a few times, so I'm not good at it. I hope you don't mind me."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't know how to play, and Haizhou doesn't have that kind of condition."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "That's true. My sister went to Haizhou for a few days in the summer, but she couldn't find a bowling alley."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Haizhou's spending power is not too weak. Anyone who invests in a bowling alley can make some money."

Although they could make some money, it was certainly not a lot.

Li Mu hadn't touched bowling for several years. When he first played, he didn't throw the ball very well in a row, and he even threw a gutter ball. Su Yingxue was obviously more skilled than him. After a few rounds, she also hit a full hit.

However, Li Mu got the hang of it quickly. After half of the game, each ball was better than the last. In the end, he even surpassed Su Yingxue in the total score, which surprised Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue thought that Li Mu had made such rapid progress with his strength and talent. After the first game, he was overtaken by Li Mu and lost to Li Mu by a large margin. In the second and third game, Li Mu obviously went easy on her. After several consecutive balls, he beat his chest and stamped his feet in annoyance. Su Yingxue could tell at a glance that he was going easy on her. Seeing his poor acting, she couldn't help but laugh.

The two were having a good time when Chen Ze drove the Xu brothers to the gate of the carnival.

The twenty-year-old Xu Jiahui was not very interested in this kind of occasion. When he arrived at the gate, he said with some resentment, "Brother, I don't mind if you want to get along well with Li Mu, but why did you drag me here? I have an appointment with my classmates to read books in the school library."

Hui Ka Ming said, "You think I don't know you?

I've never heard of you going to the library on weekends during your first year of university. Why are you going to the library now?

Isn't it all because of that Zhao Ziqiu? "

Xu Jiahui blushed and blurted out, "Don't slander me. I just want to spend more time studying. I don't mean anything else. Besides, Zhao Ziqiu might not necessarily be in the library. One of her roommates' mother is hospitalized. The other girls seem to be taking turns to take care of her."

"How do you know so much about his affairs?"

Hui Ka Ming pursed his lips and waved his hand. "You've been nagging all the way here. Can't you be a little more manly?

I've never asked for your help. This time, I've already told Li Mu that it's you who admires him a lot and wants to be friends with him. If you don't come along, why would I come? "

Xu Jiahui's expression was a little gloomy. "Why did you drag me into this?

Besides, I don't admire him at all!

Don't tell me you want me to pretend to be his fan later? "

Xu Jiahui was born into a prestigious family. Not only was he young and rich, his looks and figure were top-notch. Moreover, he loved to study. Therefore, he was also a straight-A student of Beijing University. He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, and he was a successful young master in all aspects. Due to his good upbringing, he usually behaved humbly. However, deep in his bones, he hid his own pride. He knew some things about Li Mu. Although he felt that this guy, who was a year younger than him, was indeed very capable, it was far from the level of admiration. His brother's words to Li Mu had hurt his self-esteem.

Hui Ka Ming understood his younger brother's feelings at the moment. He had sold him out to a certain extent by using him as a cover. However, he had his own difficulties. The two brothers were born from the same root. If he, as the eldest, could not stand his ground in the Xu family, he, as the second son, would not stand a chance at all.

Hui Ka Ming sighed and pulled Xu Jiahui aside. He said in a low voice, "Jiahui, I'm really under a lot of pressure now. I know you care about your reputation, and so do I. However, the most important thing is not to seek it from Li Mu, but from the other members of the Xu family. If I fail this time, I won't be able to hold my head high in the Xu family anymore. Even our father won't be able to hold his head high in the Xu family. What will you do then?"

Xu Jiahui bit his lips. He had already accepted his brother's words, but he still felt uneasy. He said in a muffled voice, "Even so, you shouldn't have used me as a breakthrough point …"

Chen Ze waited for the two brothers to finish muttering before inviting them in. The manager went up to welcome them and complimented them. He didn't forget to say, "Mr. Chen, Mr. Xu, our boss heard that you guys were coming and is already rushing over. He just called and told me to entertain you guys first. Have a good time. He'll be here shortly."

Chen Ze said calmly, "Tell Old Zuo to stop messing around. We're just here to play for a while and then we'll leave."

The manager hurriedly said, "Aren't the three of you here? If it was someone else, our boss wouldn't have paid so much attention to them."

Flattery would never work, so Chen Ze didn't say anything else. He nodded and went to the bowling alley with the Xu brothers.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue were playing happily. Seeing that Li Mu was about to make a move, Su Yingxue hurriedly said with a smile, "Li Mu, don't go easy on us anymore. It's boring to keep playing like this!"

Li Mu was about to toss the ball when he heard this. He stood still and turned his head with an innocent face and said, "I didn't go easy on them on purpose!"

Su Yingxue pouted. "Your acting skills are terrible. There are too many traces of acting."

Li Mu chuckled and asked frivolously, "Really?

Actually, I think I'm the kind of actor who walks with my heart. "

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and smiled. Her eyes curved and her eyelashes fluttered. "With your acting skills, you won't even be able to get a lunch box if you were to be an extra."