Chapter 1644

The dog and its Weibo instantly became popular.

And it became popular all over the world from China.

More and more people followed the dog's Weibo, and there were many important fans among them.

Almost all the celebrities in the domestic entertainment circle who had Weibo reposted the dog's Weibo and followed him. These celebrities' fans ranged from tens of thousands to millions or even tens of millions. They reposted it one after another, almost forming a seamless cross-coverage of the domestic and even the entire Chinese circle's Weibo.

Soon, the dog's Weibo became popular on the English version of Titter.

Previously, when Li Mu brought the Queen's Corgi to visit the Yun Province, it had already become the biggest news in the entire Titter world. Now that he had opened the official account of the dog's first-person account, it naturally received a lot of attention.

For example, the Queen's own Titter account was the first to follow it, and she personally reposted its first Weibo, along with the caption: "Little cutie, I sincerely hope that you and your new owner can live happily every day."

In addition to the Queen, Prince William and other members of the Windsor family also reposted the Weibo on Titter. Anne Hathaway, who was still on the set, not only followed, reposted, but also posted a photo of herself and the dog yesterday. In the photo, the long-haired Anne Hathaway was holding the dog, her charming long hair scattered in the wind in the highlands of Yun Province, and part of her hair was covering her face. It was indescribably beautiful and moving.

Anne Hathaway's caption for the Weibo post was: "Puppy, I started to miss you as soon as I left."

After seeing the Titter post, Li Mu used the dog's Weibo account to repost Anne Hathaway's Weibo tweet, along with the caption: "I miss you too."

A person and a dog's Weibo post suddenly became a trending topic on Weibo, and also brought a large number of Hua Xia fans to Anne Hathaway.

In the West, "a dog" started Titter and gained worldwide attention in a very short period of time, becoming the headline news of major media.

While traditional media reported this news, they also deeply felt that Li Mu had brought a different change to the world.

After CNN reported this news, they held an emergency internal high-level meeting. The person who initiated the meeting was the founder of CNN, Ted Turner, whose Chinese translation was Ted Turner.

Ted had created a 24-hour news broadcast model in the past, and this is similar to Sina's 24-hour news reports. Sina's strategy is to replicate Ted's success on the internet.

However, a lot of historical experience proved that enterprises that were particularly advanced at a certain stage would often lag behind in the next stage.

Take CNN for example. In the era of the rise of cable TV news, they developed rapidly and left others in the dust. However, when the rise of internet news really began, they failed to seize the opportunity.

Another example would be Nokia. In the era of smartphones, their mobile phones and Symbian operating system had the highest market share in the industry, far surpassing their competitors. However, when the smartphone industry was on the rise, they perfectly missed the entire smartphone market.

Baidu used to be the king of domestic internet traffic in the PC era, but they failed to seize the opportunity when the mobile internet era arrived. As a result, the company could only rely on all kinds of reselling traffic and bidding for advertising to survive.

If Tencent did not have the internet, it was very likely that it would be attacked when it transitioned to the mobile internet. Fortunately, Zhang Xiaolong's WeChat saved it in time. Otherwise, no one could predict what the domestic internet landscape would look like in ten years.

Back to CNN and Ted, he had already deeply experienced the pain of not being able to keep up with the times.

Whether it was CNN or Ted's larger enterprise, "AOL - Time Warner," they had not been able to truly grasp the rapid development of the Internet. AOL used to be incomparably glorious a few years ago, but this bubble burst faster than the World Trade Center's Gemini collapse.

Ted had originally given up on the internet, and only wanted to focus on CNN and Time Warner's non-internet businesses. However, the rapid rise of Titter made him feel great pressure and a sense of crisis.

Ever since Li Gouzi's Weibo went viral, this sense of crisis became even stronger.

He gathered the senior management of CNN together and immediately revealed the source of his inner sense of crisis. He said, "I can't imagine that Li Mu could make a website to where it is today. Titter is a huge threat to us. It gives ordinary people unrestricted rights to speak, and it also gives them unlimited audience space. This has caused the core gap between us and ordinary people to change. This change has made me unable to sleep at night. Until today, when I found out that Li Mu could actually give a dog such a strong media attribute, I really couldn't sit still. If this continues, Titter will steal people's attention away from us, the media, and then distribute it to anyone in the world, even to a dog."

"There is always a limit to people's attention. If ordinary people use four hours a day to receive information, then before this, those four hours would all be occupied by real media, such as our CNN, ABC, CBS, BBC, Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, and Washington Post. Although the competition is fierce, there are not many competitors, and we can guarantee a big advantage."

"But now, Li Mu has shifted people's attention from television and print media to the internet. People still use the same four hours a day, three and a half hours of which are spent on the internet. They no longer pay attention to any independent news media platform, but on a platform like Titter that is connected to the world, they receive information from countless organizations, individuals, and even a dog. This is an extremely huge threat to us!"

The senior executives of CNN also looked at each other. They were the kings of offline media, but when they went online, it was like they were in another dimension. They could not display their strengths at all, and their energy could not be converted into real combat power. This made them feel extremely uncomfortable.

It was like a strong man who was invincible in the world. He could beat anyone face to face, but now he suddenly came to a dimension where everyone did not meet. In this dimension, everyone did not rely on actual strength at all, but a new type of "digital combat". It was like fighting games. Even if you could kill an elephant with one punch in the real world, in the world of fighting games, you might not be able to resist a three-year-old child.

For CNN, they were faced with such a predicament.

Now, Li Mu had bared his fangs to the traditional media industry. Moreover, the most unacceptable thing to the traditional media was that the one who made them feel great pressure was a corgi named Li Gou 'zi.

The senior leaders of CNN had a heated discussion for a long time. They could not reach a consensus on many issues, but they quickly reached a consensus on one point: they could not stop the development of Makino Technology in the Internet field, and they could not stop Titter from becoming a new Internet media.

Therefore, their discussion mainly revolved around the solutions that could be found at this stage.

After some discussion, they only had three choices at the moment. They could either set up an online media platform of their own to compete with Muye Technology and Titter; they could find a way to acquire or invest in Titter so that it could have a close partnership with CNN; or they could simply give up online and fight against traditional media channels.

After a whole day of discussion, they rejected the third option and were suspicious of the first option. Hence, Titter decided to convince AOL Time Warner to invest in Titter and sign an exclusive strategic partnership agreement with Titter. They did not ask for anything else but to use Titter to stifle the other traditional media outside of Titter's doors. That way, even though CNN and Time Warner would not be able to stop Titter's growth, they could at least ensure that CNN would be able to use Titter's unique characteristics to stay ahead of the other offline traditional media.

On the evening of the same day, when Ted submitted this proposal to the Time Warner board of directors, Li Mu, who had just woken up in Hua Xia, had already begun the second stage of his attempt.

The next day, although Li Mu got up early in the morning to go to the Forbidden City to participate in the advance rehearsal of the cultural relic donation ceremony, he had been paying attention to the changes in Dog's Weibo data. When he found that Dog's Weibo fans had exceeded five million and were still growing rapidly, he immediately asked Li Ziwei to communicate with the marketing department of Makino Technology and gave them an urgent task.

The content of this urgent task was: "Investigate the top ten dog food brands with the best reputation in the world and send letters of intent to their companies. At a starting price of five million US dollars, sell the naming rights of Li Gouzi's dog food and a promotional gift package in the form of an auction. This naming right is a one-year period for Li Gouzi to develop the dog food title, and the promotional gift package includes twelve tweets for direct promotion, including pictures and text.

In other words, whoever successfully won the naming rights and the big gift package would only be fed dog food by Li Gouzi for the next year. Furthermore, he would post a picture and tweet every month.

Li Mu was not trying to make millions of dollars, but to make the world aware of the special significance of the era of self-media and the huge profit space it contained through this cooperation.

Once Dog Li's Weibo successfully used its own self-media attributes and fan groups to complete the realization, it would inevitably trigger a huge self-media frenzy around the world.

In the eyes of Li Mu, all commercial activities in the world revolved around the word "realization," especially the Internet. In the course of 20 or 30 years of development, industry rules and play styles have changed, but one core has not changed, and that is "realization."

The earliest individual webmasters used various methods to gather website traffic, and then realized the simplest realization through advertising on the website;

Tencent, Baidu, Facebook, Titter, Weibo, and other free products used their own products to gather traffic, then used advertising to realize the traffic, and then used various value-added services, including games, to realize the users;

E-commerce platforms like Taobao used free online shopping platforms to gather merchants and users, and then used huge user resources to entice merchants to buy promotional resources such as express trains, and realize the resources;

Any business model with a clear channel for realization would attract a large group of people to swarm in. Now, self-media has just developed, and the industry and users have not yet realized the huge profit space, which will make the capital market underestimate the value of Weibo and Titter.

Li Mu wanted to use Dog Li's Weibo to successfully realize a quick realization, and let people see how self-media can make a lot of money overnight. He believed that once this cooperation was reached, Weibo and Titter would usher in a huge wave of development!