Chapter 473

"YY Gaming Hall", "YY National Dou Dizhu Competition", and "Being Rich and Capricious" — these three keywords had become the core topics of the domestic internet world.

Since Makino Technology's marketing ability was too strong, these keywords had already been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, to the extent that everyone ran to the YY Gaming Hall to participate in the Dou Dizhu Competition to win a mobile phone.

With the current popularity of YY, it was possible to achieve one thing: More than 90% of Lianzhong's users had YY. Therefore, when they were playing Lianzhong in YY, they had already received the advertisements released by Makino Technology. Therefore, it didn't matter where they played, so why not go to the YY Gaming Hall to play?

After all, the latter still had a chance to win a mobile phone.

After coming here, the users were pleasantly surprised to find that the YY Gaming Hall was many times better than the Lianzhong Gaming Hall. If these two gaming halls were to be compared to cars, YY would be a BMW that focused the most on control, while the Lianzhong Gaming Hall might not even be comparable to a hand-guided tractor. Once the users got the hang of it, they would immediately make their own decisions. 'F * ck your hand-guided tractor. After driving a BMW, I don't want to touch it for the rest of my life.'

Therefore, the users of the Lianzhong Gaming Hall quickly moved to the YY Gaming Hall at 8 AM. Within an hour, 88% of the users had been lost.

For the Lianzhong Gaming Hall, this feeling was like a local tycoon who didn't have to worry about food and clothing. After eating and drinking to his heart's content for a while, when he opened his eyes, all the valuable things in his house had been swept clean, leaving him with nothing but four walls.

More than 200,000 users were gone in a short period of time. Of the remaining 30,000 users, more than 18,000 were still AFK. When the leaders of the Lianzhong Gaming Hall heard about this, they almost went crazy.

They didn't understand. Even if a strong opponent appeared, didn't the battle still have to be fought bit by bit?

They had a million soldiers guarding them, and they also had fortifications that had been built over many years. On what basis did they wipe them out without even saying a word?

Even if it was a blitzkrieg, they shouldn't have fought like this, right?

How the f * ck did they do it?

Nuclear weapons?

Don't you have any Jianghu morality?

The panicked management immediately gathered in the company for an emergency meeting. The leaders of the controlling capital came, and so did the management of the founding team. In the past, when these two groups of people sat together in the conference room, it was basically internal friction. One side made a suggestion, and the other side tried to reject it; the other side made an idea, and the other side directly rejected it. Both sides had long disliked each other, but today's emergency meeting was the first time in a long time that they met without fighting.

When everyone came, they heard that Makino Technology, who was at the peak of the Internet industry, suddenly launched a game platform, and then held some kind of competition. Then, it suddenly became popular. No one could understand it. After rushing back to the company and watching the technical staff demonstrate the YY game hall in the conference room, this group of people finally understood that Makino Technology really came with a nuclear weapon.

A large group of people discussed in the conference room under great pressure and a sense of crisis all night, and finally came to a sad conclusion: they couldn't beat Makino Technology no matter what. Whether it was the product itself, the number of users, the company's financial resources, or the profitability, Lianzhong and Makino Technology were not on the same line at all. They couldn't even surpass Makino Technology in any aspect. The only thing they could do now was to imitate Makino Technology and also launch a competition with a large number of prizes to attract users back.

The founding team of Lianzhong had a far deeper understanding of the Internet than the team of the controlling capital. They believed that at this time, there should be two routes. One route could immediately use the competition to attract users back, but if this route was taken alone, users would only come to Lianzhong for the prizes. Once Lianzhong stopped giving out prizes, users would not hesitate to flock to YY. Product was king. This was the unchanging truth of the Internet. Originally, they were not as good as Makino Technology in terms of marketing, promotion, funding, and other aspects. Coupled with the fact that their product was much worse than others, it would be strange if they could still hold on.

Therefore, the founding team suggested that at this time, they must start the second route at the same time, which was product development. But the problem now was that since Lianzhong was controlled by the controlling capital, the capital had been letting Lianzhong live off its previous capital, relying on the lack of competitors to survive. Therefore, their development force was very weak, and the entire development team only had five people. If they wanted to completely redevelop Lianzhong's game, then they would need at least a large team of dozens of people, and it would take at least two months of development cycle.

The controlling capital was still hesitant.

The meeting lasted until late at night, and finally, Lianzhong decided to start the Dou Dizhu competition tomorrow. The competition format would be based on Makino Technology, but the prizes would be reduced by one level. The biggest prize was a Nokia that cost more than 1,000 yuan, the second prize was a 128MB MP3 player, and the third prize was a 64MB MP3 player.

After the meeting, the founding team left resentfully. When they left, each of them had a conclusion in their hearts, that was, Lianzhong would definitely die. It had no future to speak of.

Lianzhong was like this, and Bian Feng was even more dismal. It was already difficult to move forward. After the YY gaming hall was launched, there were only more than 1,000 users online at the same time on the platform. It was extremely dismal. It was basically a death sentence, and there was no room for struggle at all.

…

Makino Technology once again created amazing results this weekend. The YY gaming platform caused a similar sensation as when YY was launched. In fact, it was even more amazing than when YY was launched. Due to the promotion of "Capricious Rich," it attracted even more attention than when YY was launched.

The next day, all the major media outlets reported on the YY gaming platform, a new, epoch-making Internet product. Traditional media outlets were amazed by the speed at which it swept the country overnight, while the Internet media praised its product.

The YY gaming platform gave the Internet people a clue about ecology for the first time. Although people still did not have the concept of ecology, they were aware of a phenomenon in front of them: if a software could be organically combined with another software, then the impact of the two together would be much greater than if they were separated.

Makino Technology's current product model had a rough shape, and people with discerning eyes could already see what Makino Technology's real strategy was. A senior editor of NetEase said in an article written by himself, "It is certain that all of Makino Technology's future business will revolve around YY. Now, Makino Technology has formed a healthy internal system. To use an inappropriate analogy, YY is the sun, and it occupies an absolute dominant position in the solar system. Tieba, YY gaming hall, Happy Farm, YY Space, and even Easy Listening will become the major planets in the solar system. Moreover, I believe that with Makino Technology's strong strength, they will definitely create more new products for this YY core system in the future. It will not be long before the birth of a super giant in the domestic Internet. Without a doubt, this super giant will be Makino Technology."

Under the praise of the media, the YY gaming hall continued to create a new record of crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.

Within a day, the number of YY users who logged into the YY gaming hall exceeded 10 million, which basically meant that most of the daily users of YY had logged into the YY gaming hall.

The average daily usage time of the users exceeded three hours, which was very, very impressive. The strong stickiness of the gaming hall, stimulated by the "capricious money" reward, almost exploded.

Overnight, Fight the Landlord became a national game. Families, Internet cafes, and even offices were filled with YY game halls. There were countless players participating in the Fight the Landlord Competition. With top-notch products and strong publicity, YY game halls became popular throughout the country overnight.

By noon the next day, the system detected that more than 30,000 people had played for more than 15 hours continuously. In other words, since eight o 'clock yesterday, these 30,000 people had not stopped playing.

When Li Mu saw the data, he suddenly realized that he had overlooked a problem. Therefore, he urgently notified the operations and technical departments of the YY gaming hall to hold a meeting and requested the introduction of an anti-addiction system. All users would have to restrict their account logins after playing for eight hours continuously. They would only be able to log in again after two hours. Then, they would enter the next anti-addiction countdown.

Many people in the meeting felt that it was unnecessary because no game would take the unnecessary step of introducing such an anti-addiction system. Everyone wanted the average user to play for as long as possible.

However, Li Mu was very determined and insisted on the anti-addiction system. This was not only a matter of the company's attitude towards the physical and mental health of the players, but also a manifestation of the company's social responsibility. If they did not implement the anti-addiction system now, the country would require online gaming companies to implement it in the future. If Makino Technology was the first to implement it, it could win the praise of the government, media, and users in public opinion. Moreover, the anti-addiction system would only be activated after eight hours, so it should not affect most users. Therefore, it would not have a negative impact on the overall user experience.