Chapter 1643

The airline that Li Mu cooperated with the most was Air China, and the business jet company that he cooperated with every time he chartered a flight was actually a wholly-owned subsidiary of Air China.

After confirming that the brand-new Gulfstream G550 would soon arrive in Yanjing and be under his name, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei to communicate with Air China's business jet company. The goal of the communication was what Chen Ze told him, to see if they were willing to arrange a fixed crew for him. In addition, they would send their pilot to apply for a Gulfstream G550 driver's license.

As a result, what Li Mu did not expect was that the response given by the other party was far beyond his expectations. Air China's business jet company itself had several old Gulfstream business jets, such as Gulfstream 450 and Gulfstream V, and two years ago, it ordered three Gulfstream G550s from Gulfstream.

Gulfstream business jets, especially the G series, had always been a classic model in the entire business jet market. Moreover, in the future, the range of the G550 would be further improved. With a coverage range of 12500 kilometers, it would basically be able to fly directly to most of the popular international routes. For a business jet company like this, its future potential could be seen at a glance, and it was normal to place an order in advance.

Although the business jet company's Gulfstream G550 had not yet been delivered, they had already sent six pilots with Gulfstream 450 or V model licenses to Gulfstream headquarters in advance to receive training on the G550, and they had all received the G550 license and returned to China.

Because the business jet company had close cooperation with Li Mu and was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Air China, it had always given great support to Li Mu's needs. Hearing that Li Mu was about to buy a delivered Gulfstream G550, the person in charge of the company immediately promised Li Mu that from the six pilots who had already received the license, two would be selected to be permanent members of Li Mu's business jet crew, and then two excellent flight attendants would be selected to form a four-person crew.

Other maintenance work such as maintenance and inspection were also completely contracted to the business jet company, and the hangar was also rented from the business jet company.

In fact, after buying a private jet, the process of using the plane for Li Mu was still similar to before. Before the flight, he informed the business jet company of the flight plan, and they arranged the route application, airport use, and flight crew, and conducted various inspections of the plane before takeoff. The only difference was that before, they arranged for Li Mu to use their business jet, and in the future, they would arrange for Li Mu to use the Gulfstream G550 that Li Mu bought himself.

As for whether to hand the plane over to the civil aviation company to operate on his behalf, Li Mu chose to refuse. This was his first private jet, and it was a brand new plane. Of course, he was not willing to rent it out to make money. After all, he could still afford such a plane, and he did not need it to support himself.

When Li Mu returned home with Gou 'zi, Li Ziwei, who had just separated from him not long ago, called Li Mu and told him, "Li Zong, CCTV and the Forbidden City are almost ready. If your time is OK, they hope to start the cultural relic donation ceremony as soon as possible, and the documentary shooting will also be carried out at the same time."

As she said that, Li Ziwei added, "CCTV hopes that you can spare one more day for rehearsals and test shooting, so it should take up two days of your time."

Li Mu said, "My time is OK, just follow their time, but you have to tell them that if it is arranged in these two days, set the time to be during the day."

Li Ziwei immediately said, "Okay, I will convey it to them."

Li Mu added, "By the way, you should also communicate with Prince William and let him get ready. He should be bored in Yanjing these two days. The sooner he finishes this matter, the sooner he can go back to land Project 3321, and then prepare for the next exchange trip to Yanjing."

Li Ziwei said with a smile, "I will communicate with Prince William's entourage later and let them get ready tomorrow and the day after."

Li Mu said, "Ziwei, there is one more thing. Help me make an appointment with the recording studio of Rolling Stone Records and their best musicians. I want to go to the studio tomorrow and the day after tomorrow to prepare for recording."

"Okay." Li Ziwei said, "I will call their contact person later."

Since Li Mu put his music album on Taobao for sale, Taobao quickly became the largest audio-visual product sales platform in China. Almost every record company worshipped him as the God of Wealth.

Moreover, some time ago, Li Mu personally promoted a civil action to combat piracy, which was strongly supported by the government. Now the crackdown on pirated audio-visual products in China is particularly strict. The pirated audio-visual stores that used to be everywhere in the streets have all disappeared, which has made Li Mu win the respect and admiration of all record companies.

Li Mu has become the new parent of the record company, so the record company has always fulfilled his requests. Rolling Stone is currently the largest independent record company in Asia. It has a very professional recording studio in Yanjing, and has also signed a large number of excellent musicians, including guitarist Li Yanliang, drummer Zhao Muyang, percussionist Liu Xiaosong, and other well-known top musicians in China. Asking them to record a new single for Du Wei can guarantee the quality to the greatest extent.

Li Mu needs one to two nights to communicate with these musicians about the arrangement of "21 Guns". As long as the arrangement of the whole song is decided, Du Wei can enter the studio to record.

Because it will only be a song of a few minutes, and the musician team is the top in China, Du Wei is also a serious professional student. Therefore, if she plays steadily, the actual recording can be completed in one day, and the rest of the post-production work will not be too heavy. After a few days, it is believed that the demo can come out first.

The better the singer, the faster the recording speed, and some can even do it in one take.

In this era, most singers still have a certain level of foundation, even idol singers can at least sing.

But in a few more years, when the entertainment industry entered its most grandiose stage, any celebrity could record a single or even release a few albums. Before the digital era was popularized, a singer with a poor foundation might have to record a song tens or even hundreds of times, and then cut out the parts bit by bit to make a song. When the digital era became popularized, the singer would just have to sing it blindly, and the sound mixer would have to fix it for him one by one.

…

After Gouzi followed Li Mu to the Yun Province, his reputation in the online world was already like the sun in the sky.

Through Li Mu's trip to the Yun Province, the whole world got to know this Corgi given to Li Mu by the Queen of England. Its popularity was much faster than the sled dog of the son of the richest man in the future.

Li Mu sat on the sofa in the living room and browsed Weibo with his laptop. He found that Gouzi was still trending. He immediately had an idea and registered a new Weibo account called "Li Mu", or "Puppy-Lee" in English. The introduction was written in both English and Chinese: Hello everyone, I am Li Mu's little Corgi.

Then, Li Mu chose a photo of Dog's smiling face that was taken on the airstrip as his profile picture.

After the account was set up, Li Mu found a digital camera and let Gouzi lie on the sofa. Then, he placed the laptop in front of him and put his paws on the keyboard, making it look like he is surfing the Internet.

It took a lot of effort to keep Gouzi in this position. Li Mu took several photos of him from different angles.

Then, Li Mu imported the photos into the computer, chose the two best looking photos, and posted the first Weibo post with Gouzi's account. The accompanying text was in both English and Chinese, "After going out for two days, I originally wanted to go home and sleep, but I heard that I became popular on the Internet, so I quickly came up to have a look. I should be the first puppy to open a Weibo account, right?"

After editing the text and two photos, Li Mu sent this Weibo post.

However, because this account did not have any fans, no users browsed the content after it was sent out. However, Li Mu immediately used his own account to follow the account that had just been registered for Gouzi, and then reposted the Weibo post just now. The accompanying text was, "My dog has become a spirit."

This time, Gouzi's Weibo account was instantly followed by a large number of users.

Since reposting the Weibo post, Li Mu had been staring at Gouzi's Weibo data. The number of comments, reposts, and likes were increasing rapidly, and the number of fans was also rising. In less than ten minutes, Gouzi had more than fifty thousand fans.

For Li Mu, opening a Weibo account from the perspective of an animal was something that he was used to in his previous life. However, for the current Weibo and Titter users, this was still unprecedented.

No one expected that a "dog" could also open a Weibo account, and it was Li Mu's Internet Celebrity Dog. This made everyone feel extremely curious, so the conversion rate was very high.

Although they knew that someone was operating this Weibo account under Gouzi's name, everyone still gave enthusiastic attention to Gouzi's Weibo account out of their love for Gouzi and their concern for Li Mu.

Many netizens who were keen on creating topics added their own topics when reposting this Weibo post. With the popularity of Gouzi's Weibo, these topics also began to soar on Weibo. One of the most popular topics was called "Li Mu's Dog Opened a Weibo Account".

"Li Mu's Dog Opened a Weibo Account" was like an extra account that was spread around by people. It was suddenly promoted spontaneously by users on Weibo. Twenty minutes later, the number of fans of Gouzi's Weibo account had exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand, and the growth rate was still increasing.

Kong Lingyu, who was in charge of Weibo's operation, immediately called Li Mu. The first thing he asked was, "Boss, did you create 'Li Mu's' Weibo account?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yes."

Kong Lingyu said excitedly, "Our operation staff detected the explosive traffic, and then immediately informed me. This Weibo post is now ranked first in the entire Weibo and Titter. It's really amazing. Everyone didn't expect that there was such a Weibo account from the perspective of a pet …"

Li Mu said, "This account needs to be properly maintained in the future. Find a young girl with good writing skills and quick thinking from the company's operation team and let her take over the follow-up operation of this account. In the future, make sure that there is at least one Weibo update every day. However, before the update, send the script to me first."

"No problem." Kong Lingyu said, "I will make arrangements to take over the operation of this account."