Chapter 1642

When Li Mu's plane landed at Yanjing Airport, Du Wei's sister, Dufy, had been waiting in the hangar rented by the charter company for a long time.

As the plane slowly drove into the hangar, Li Mu had already seen Dufy, who was standing below and smiling like a flower.

Du Wei saw her sister at a glance and hurriedly waved at her through the window happily.

When Li Mu was still wondering why Dufy could directly enter the airport hangar, he suddenly glanced at a black car behind her. He glanced at the license plate and immediately understood everything.

Li Mu had a special license plate himself, so he was very familiar with this rare and extremely valuable license plate. With the license plate of the car behind Dufy, there was almost no place in Hua Xia that it couldn't go.

After the plane stopped, the cabin door opened downwards and turned into a gangway. Du Wei was the first to run out of the plane excitedly, followed by the silly dog raised by Li Mu.

Du Wei hadn't seen her sister for a long time. As soon as she saw her, she threw herself into her arms and happily acted like a spoiled child.

It had only been two days, but Gouzi had become very familiar with Du Wei. He had been running around her feet in circles, running and barking in a childish voice.

Li Mu walked out of the plane unhurriedly. When Dufy saw him, she smiled at him and said, "Thank you, Li Zong, for bringing our little girl back from so far away."

Li Mu said with a smile, "What's wrong, Boss Du? When did you become so polite?"

Dufy covered her mouth and laughed for a long time before saying, "Hey, I'm not going to argue with you. I'm here to take Weiwei home. Everyone in the family misses her so much."

Li Mu said, "Then why do you need to go through all this trouble? I can just send her back directly."

Dufy stroked Du Wei's hair and said with a doting smile, "Do you think I don't miss this little princess?

I miss her so much that I can't sleep well. Of course, I'm looking forward to seeing her soon. "

Du Wei asked in surprise, "Sister, do you really miss me so much that you can't sleep well?"

Dufy said seriously, "Why would I lie to you?"

Du Wei giggled and said, "I'm embarrassed to say that, because I sleep very well on set every night."

Dufy shook her head helplessly and said, "You heartless fellow."

Du Wei smiled and said, "I'm just kidding. I miss you every day. It's just that filming every day is tiring, so I don't have much time to chat with you."

Dufy said with heartache, "It's been hard on you."

"Not at all." Du Wei said seriously, "I learned a lot of things."

Dufy nodded and said, "Go home and report to Mom and Dad, Grandpa and Grandma."

Then, she looked at Li Mu and said, "Li Mu, my family is still waiting. I'll leave with Weiwei first."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Send my regards to my family."

Dufy smiled and said, "Thank you. My grandpa also asked me to convey his thanks. He read the script of 'Flying Tigers' and liked it very much. He is also very grateful that you invested in such an extraordinary movie."

Li Mu said politely, "Please tell the old man to thank him for his recognition. Besides, this is what we should do."

Dufy said, "Old Chen heard that I came to the airport and asked me to tell you that the price of the G550 in Hong Kong has been negotiated. He asked you to give him a call after you land. He called you before, but he didn't get through."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, I got it. I'll call him back later. You guys go first."

"Okay, then we'll go first."

"Big Brother Li Mu, we'll go first."

"Goodbye."

Li Mu watched the two of them get on the car. Then, he brought Li Ziwei and Gou 'zi into his business car that had been waiting for a long time.

As soon as he got on the car, Li Mu called Chen Ze. He had wanted to buy a business jet for a long time, but he had never carefully understood the market. Later, when he heard that business jets needed to be booked at least a year in advance, Li Mu was a little depressed. He felt that the time and cost were a little too long. If he really couldn't do it, he could only buy a second-hand one first.

Unexpectedly, Chen Ze just happened to find the latest Gulfstream G550 for himself, and it was a brand new one. It was much more comfortable than buying a second-hand plane that had been flown many times.

When Chen Ze received Li Mu's call, the first thing he asked was with a smile, "Have you landed?"

"Yes," Li Mu said, "I just met Dufy at the airport. She came to pick up Xiaowei."

As he spoke, Li Mu asked him again, "I heard from Dufy that you talked to me about the price of the Gulfstream G550 last time?"

"Yes."

Chen Ze said, "Let me tell you, the original price of this plane was 325 million HKD by that Hong Kong tycoon, including some optional equipment and interior decorations. However, not long before the delivery of the plane, his finances ran into some problems, so he hasn't used this plane since it was delivered from the United States. It's parked in the hangar of the Hong Kong airport, and he's preparing to sell it to the next owner. He still has an old Bombardier, and he didn't fly that Gulfstream to Australia this time, so the plane is completely new."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "What's the price?"

Chen Ze said, "The original price to the public was 325 million Hong Kong dollars, plus 10% more than the original price, but after I told him that you wanted to take over, he lowered the price to 350 million Hong Kong dollars."

As he spoke, Chen Ze added, "The G550 is a new model that was just released this year. The size and load of the plane are relatively large, especially the range, which is about 12500 kilometers. In the future, it will be very easy for you to fly directly from China to the United States. Now the market for this business jet is quite hot. If he keeps his cool and increases the price by 15%, he might even be able to sell it."

Li Mu did not doubt Chen Ze's words at all. It seemed like there was something wrong with increasing the price by 15%, but rich people could really do such things.

In Feng Yu's previous life, the Land Rover Aurora, which was about the size of a minivan, was priced at 500,000 RMB when it was released on the market. The highest price increase was 800,000 RMB, and it was still bought by the local tycoons. Toyota had a very popular business car, the Alfa. It was a nanny car that was loved by the local celebrities and tycoons. This car was produced by Toyota in Japan, and the overall quota given to Hua Xia was relatively small. When the 4S shop sold this car, the price increased from the original price of 700,000 to 800,000 RMB, all the way to 400,000 RMB. The highest price increase was more than 50%.

If the price of a car could be increased so much, there was no need to mention the price of a plane.

The production of a plane was low, and the delivery period was long. If one really wanted to buy a plane, one would have to place an order first. It would take at least one or two years. If one could not wait that long, one could only buy a second-hand plane. A brand new second-hand plane like this was really rare.

Therefore, Li Mu said without hesitation, "Okay, I'll increase the price. 350 million HKD, equivalent to USD, is there any problem with the transaction?"

"No problem." Chen Ze smiled and said, "HKD or USD is fine."

As he spoke, Chen Ze continued, "If you're sure that you want it, I'll communicate with him and get him to arrange for the flight crew to fly the plane over. Then, you can arrange for the payment and complete the transfer agreement with his lawyer. The rest is to register it in the country and apply for the airworthiness certificate, wireless license, and the like. When the time comes, I'll help you clear things up.

Li Mu immediately said, "Then it's settled. Let him arrange for people to come over."

Chen Ze said, "There is a lot of other preparation work, but you can arrange for Ziwei to help you."

Li Mu said, "Then tell me about it. I will remember it first."

Chen Ze said, "You have to talk to the airport. The plane will not leave and will be parked at Yanjing Airport, so you have to rent a parking space. It can be an open-air parking space or a parking space in the hangar. You also have to find a suitable flight crew and fix it for a long time. The size of the G550 is not small. I suggest that you arrange a four-person flight crew with two pilots and two flight attendants, and they must have the G550 pilot license. However, the problem is that this plane has just been released this year, and there may not be any pilots in China who have the qualification to fly."

Li Mu could not help but complain, "Isn't that ridiculous?

If we can't find a pilot, we can't fly it, right?

Even if we find one, we have to wait for him to get the qualification to fly. "

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Don't worry, although it is more troublesome for pilots to change models, there are also shortcuts. If you fly Airbus, it will be more troublesome to change to Boeing, but if you want to change from Airbus to another model of Airbus, the overall process will be much simpler, because there are many similarities in the way the same brand flies, so you can first find a pilot with the license of another model of Gulfstream, and then let him receive training. It should be very easy to get a G550 license.

"That's good!"

Li Mu said, "Then I will talk to the charter company and use their pilot. I am quite familiar with their flight crew."

Chen Ze asked, "This flight crew you are familiar with, have the captain and co-captain flown Gulfstream before?"

Li Mu said, "They have flown Gulfstream V before. I once arranged a charter flight with Gulfstream V."

"That's good."

Chen Ze grunted and said, "Then you have to talk to the charter company directly and let them arrange for these two captains to receive official training until they get the G550 pilot license."

"Okay."

Li Mu said, "I will talk to the charter company now, and then arrange for the flight crew to receive official training."

Chen Ze said, "There is one more thing. After you buy the plane, if you feel that the cost is too high, you can sign with another maintenance company and entrust the daily maintenance of the plane to them. If you want to use the plane to earn some spare money to subsidize the maintenance costs of the plane, you can give the plane to a business jet company. When you don't use it, they can rent it out for you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then isn't this the sharing economy?"

"What's sharing economy?" Chen Ze asked, not understanding what was going on.

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Nothing, just a term I thought of."

As he said that, Li Mu hurriedly changed the topic and asked, "When can we make the deal first?

The things you mentioned just now, we can make the deal first, and then I will slowly solve them. "

Chen Ze grunted and said, "This is not a problem. I will communicate with the other side in detail. He should be able to arrange the deal in the near future, in a few days."

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile