Chapter 422

That night, when Li Mu found out that the couple was going to have sex at Ma Weiwei's house the next day, he felt that his chance had come.

The next morning, he specifically asked Xu Jianjun out to meet him and told him his entire plan in the private room of the teahouse. After making sure that Xu Jianjun understood and accepted everything, he took the initiative to pay the bill and leave.

Xu Jianjun sat in the private room that was the only one left. He had yet to recover from the shock.

He took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. After smoking it, he couldn't help but sigh. "What's wrong with this guy's brain? He's so evil. If we do as he says, it'll be too wicked. But he added another 100,000 yuan. This is a bit awkward. And what's even more awkward is that when I think about his plan, I can't help but feel good …"

After following Zhang Juan for a few days, as a normal man in his thirties, Xu Jianjun also felt a bit of disdain for old hooligans like Zhan Yun, who played with the unspoken rules. He also didn't like Zhan Yun's wife, Zhang Juan, who was a shrew and a commoner. So, when he thought about Li Mu's overall plan, he instinctively felt very excited.

Looking at the time, it was almost ten o 'clock. He hurriedly put out the cigarette, then got up and left. At the same time, he called his subordinates and asked them to wait for him near the street office where Zhang Juan worked.

At half past ten, Xu Jianjun met with a few of his subordinates and roughly arranged the division of work. Then, he hid in the car and watched the street office for any movements.

At eleven o 'clock, Zhang Juan walked out of the street office on time. She rode her small motorcycle and prepared to go to a market near her son's school to buy some groceries.

However, just as she was riding out, an imported 400 cc motorcycle suddenly hit her front wheel at a T-junction. Fortunately, Zhang Juan's speed was very slow, and the other party had braked in advance, so the two cars only scraped against each other slightly. It was not a big problem.

Zhang Juan, who was still in a state of shock, managed to hold on to the car and didn't fall. She immediately shouted at the driver of the motorcycle, "Are you blind or is your father dead?

Can't you see where you're going? "

The man was wearing a mirrored helmet, so his facial expression couldn't be seen. However, he used his actions to express his feelings. He used one foot to support the motorcycle, and the other foot used less than half of his strength to knock Zhang Juan and the motorcycle to the ground.

Zhang Juan, who was on the ground, was not seriously injured, but she was very angry. But before she could vent her anger, the other side turned on the accelerator, and after a roar of the engine, both the person and the car disappeared.

Zhang Juan was furious. She got up and cursed a few times on the spot. Then, she called her husband, Zhan Yun.

Zhan Yun was discussing the declining viewership ratings of "Special Interview" with several middle-level leaders. When he received Zhang Juan's call, he just said, "Hello."

Zhang Juan said angrily, "Honey, a bastard hit me on a motorcycle just now. He kicked me and ran away!"

Zhan Yun frowned and asked her, "What's going on?"

Zhang Juan briefly explained the situation and said, "I don't care, you have to find that bastard for me!"

When Zhan Yun heard that it was not a big deal, he didn't take it to heart. He asked her perfunctorily, "Did you see the other party's license plate number?"

"No, it doesn't seem to be a license plate."

"Then do you remember what he looks like?"

"No, he was wearing a big helmet, so I couldn't see anything."

Zhan Yun said, "Then where can I find him for you?"

Zhang Juan said angrily, "Then go find the police!

You are the director of the TV station. If you ask them to investigate, they will definitely find a way to find out! "

Zhan Yun felt a headache. He hurriedly found a place where there was no one and said to Zhang Juan, "Is it worth looking for the police for such a small matter?

There was nothing to do in the first place. What can they do if they catch him?

Are you satisfied with an apology and compensation of three hundred and five hundred yuan?

If you ask the police to investigate and arrest people for you, wouldn't you owe them a favor?

Don't you want to pay back a favor?

Can owing a favor be solved with three hundred or five hundred yuan? "

Zhang Juan didn't expect that she was counting on her husband to help her vent her anger, but he scolded her. She felt unhappy and wanted to quarrel with Zhan Yun, but Zhan Yun said, "I have told you many times, don't always be so strong outside. You can't take a little loss. Today, if you didn't scold him, would he have kicked you?"

"You …" Zhang Juan was speechless. Zhan Yun said impatiently, "Oh, I'm not talking to you anymore. Hurry up and pick up the child. Oh right, I have a social engagement tonight, so I have to go home late."

Zhan Yun hung up the phone. Zhang Juan held the phone alone and sulked for a long time. In the end, there was nothing she could do. She could only swallow her anger and ride the small motorcycle to go to the market.

When she arrived at the market, Zhang Juan parked the motorcycle in front of the door. She took out her handbag from the basket and went into the market. But when she was about to pay, she found that she had lost her wallet.

When she got off work, she checked to make sure that her wallet and phone were in the bag before she came out. She didn't open it on the way. How could it be gone?

Zhang Juan turned the bag upside down, but she still couldn't find the shadow of the wallet. Suddenly, she felt distressed as if a piece of her flesh had been cut off. That was the Gucci wallet that she had just asked someone to buy in Hong Kong last month. It cost nearly four thousand yuan, but it was gone in less than a month!

And there were her ID and bank cards, as well as hundreds of yuan in cash …

So, Zhang Juan hurriedly called the police. The nearby patrol police quickly found her and took her to the nearby law enforcement booth to make a simple statement. But when the police asked Zhang Juan about the specific details, she didn't know anything.

She was hit by the motorcycle in the middle of the accident. She didn't stop the whole time, and she had been staring at the guy wearing the helmet when the collision happened. It was impossible for him to steal her wallet under her nose.

The police finally determined that it should have been stolen after she parked at the market and before she went to buy vegetables to pay. There were many people in the market, so it was very normal for thieves to mix in.

Zhang Juan asked the police when they could catch the thief and get the wallet back. The police could only say, "We have already filed a case, and we will investigate as soon as possible. If there is any progress, we will contact you."

Zhang Juan was anxious. "How long do we have to wait?"

The police spread out his hands and said, "I can't promise you."

Now the city's Skynet system had not yet been built, and the coverage of the city's cameras was very low. Except for the banks, places like the market had no surveillance equipment at all, so it was very troublesome to investigate this kind of petty theft case. The police also knew that it was difficult to solve a street theft case in time. Most of the time, after the thief was caught on the scene, they would investigate him, and then they could recover some of the stolen goods. Then they would contact the thief to claim it, but the probability of finding it was very low.

Zhang Juan was anxious and threatened several police officers who were handling the case. "My husband is the deputy director of the TV station. If you don't do anything about this, I will let the TV station expose you!"

After that, she called Zhan Yun and complained about losing her wallet. She also complained to Zhan Yun about the attitude of the police.

"Why are you so careless?

If you lost your wallet, go find it. What's the use of just calling me? "

Zhan Yun was annoyed to death. She couldn't even deal with a small matter. She only knew how to call him. If you lost your wallet, can I find it for you?

Zhang Juan didn't expect to be scolded when she called her husband for comfort. But before she could speak again, Zhan Yun, who was annoyed, sent her away with a few words. Then he used the excuse that he had something to deal with and hung up the phone.

Zhang Juan began to be very dissatisfied with Zhan Yun's attitude. She was hit by a car and kicked by someone, but he didn't take it seriously. Now she lost her wallet and called him to complain, but he still didn't take it seriously. He didn't even give her a word of comfort.

At this time, several police officers looked at each other. They didn't know whether she was telling the truth when she said that her husband was the deputy director of the TV station. While Zhang Juan was on the phone, they looked back at the information left by Zhang Juan. The home address was indeed the address of the TV station's family residence. So the leading police officer comforted her and promised, "Ms. Zhang, don't worry. We will do our best to investigate as soon as possible. Once there is a result, we will inform you as soon as possible."

Zhang Juan saw that her threat had some effect, and the attitude of the other party also became more serious. Her mood eased a little. When she looked at the time, it was 11: 40. She didn't have time to continue arguing. She hurriedly left the police station and rode to school to pick up her child.

She lost her wallet and didn't buy any food. Zhang Juan, who was annoyed, could only rush to school while calling her mother. She told her mother about today's bad luck, and then said that she would take her child to her mother's house for lunch.

Zhang Juan had been sighing in her heart that she was really unlucky today, but she didn't know that this was just the beginning.

After lunch, Zhang Juan left her son at her mother's house for an afternoon nap. She rode home to get a card and some money. When she returned to the street office, she was angry about the two things that happened at noon.

In the afternoon, Zhang Juan came to the vegetable market for the second time after work. She was going to buy some food for the evening. She bought some vegetables and some onions, ginger, and garlic. Then she came to the meat stall and asked the price of the ribs. The stall owner said that the ribs were seven and a half yuan per catty. Zhang Juan said casually, "Then give me three."

The boss nodded, separated the three ribs and put them on the scale. He said, "Two catties, one tael, 15.75 yuan. You give me 15.50 yuan."

Zhang Juan said, "Chop them for me."

The boss didn't say much. He took the knife and skillfully chopped the ribs into small pieces. When he was about to put them into a bag, Zhang Juan hurriedly said, "Don't worry. You can remove the big bones at the two ends. I don't want them. Just pick out the small ribs in the middle and weigh them for me."

The boss said awkwardly, "Big sister, we sell the ribs by the root. After weighing and chopping, you said that you only want the middle one. What about the rest?"

Zhang Juan frowned and said, "You keep the rest and continue to sell. What else can you do?"

The boss said, "No one wants it even if we continue to sell it. We can only sell it at a low price. We are a small business. It's hard for us to do business like this."

Zhang Juan was unhappy. She raised her voice, "How can you do business like this?

I don't want it and you force me to sell it?

Is there any law? "

The butcher saw that a lot of people were attracted by her voice, so he braced himself and said, "How about this, you just want the small ribs. Give me one yuan per catty, and I'll weigh it for you again."

"Why?"

Zhang Juan suddenly shouted, "You said 7.50 yuan per catty. Now you want to raise the price? Are you bullying me?"

Now, there were more onlookers. When the butcher saw that many people were looking at him with doubt and anger, he immediately admitted his loss and said, "Alright, alright, I'm unlucky. I'll weigh it again for you."

After that, the boss quickly picked out the small ribs and put them on the scale again. He said, "One catty, three taels, nine dollars and seventy-five cents."

Zhang Juan then took out her wallet with satisfaction. She took out a ten yuan note and put it back. Together with the notes and coins, she made up 9.40 yuan. She handed it to the boss and said, "I don't have change. This is enough."

The boss admitted his loss. He waved his hand and said, "Okay, okay. If you don't have it, then so be it."

Zhang Juan was satisfied. She took the ribs and wanted to leave. At this time, a young man couldn't stand it anymore. He pointed at Zhang Juan and said loudly, "How can you be so shameless?

The pork ribs are sold for seven and a half dollars per catty. You told the customer that you want three ribs. After the customer weighed and chopped them for you, you said that you don't want two ribs, only the middle one. You still want to pay the bill at seven and a half dollars less. You're already so old. Don't you find it embarrassing to do such a thing? "

Many of the onlookers didn't know the whole story. They thought the boss was bullying a woman. After the young man stood up for her, they realized that it was the woman who was shamelessly taking advantage of others.

Zhang Juan saw the people around her pointing at her. She was immediately angry. She scolded the young man, "What does it have to do with you when I'm buying things?

Which father of yours didn't wear pants and exposed you? "

The young man didn't get angry. He sneered and said, "Look at you. You look like an old eggplant. I want to vomit when I see you. You think I want to talk to you?

If you buy things honestly, who would care about you? "

Zhang Juan had never been humiliated like this. She had been in the streets and alleys, markets and shopping malls for so many years. It had always been her who bullied others. When had she ever been bullied?

Moreover, the young man's words were extremely unpleasant. She flew into a rage and reached out to scratch the young man. She scolded, "F * ck you. I'm going to tear your mouth apart today!"

The young man didn't give her a chance at all. He slapped her in the face without hesitation and scolded, "Why don't you take a piss and see how ugly you look? You want to f * ck me? I won't look at an ugly thing like you even if I pinch half of his eyeballs out!"

The force of the slap was quite strong. Not only did Zhang Juan's face burn, but she was also stunned. Borrowing the force of the slap, she sat on the ground and wailed. She pointed at the young man and said, "You dare to hit me!

My husband is a TV station … "