Chapter 1281

In order to spend more time with his parents, Li Mu stayed at home for five days. Except for visiting the four elders, Song Liang's family, and Chen Wan's family on the first day of the New Year, Li Mu didn't go anywhere else. He just stayed at home.

Papa Lee and Li Ma also gave themselves a rare long vacation. The family of three planned to live a simple life at home for a few days.

However, it was almost impossible to hide the news of Li Mu's arrival from the outside world. Although the family of three didn't go out, people came to the house from morning to night.

The leaders of the municipal committee and the district committee came to the house. Su Weimin, Su Yingxue's father, also came to the house.

Su Weimin didn't come alone. Instead, he came with several leaders of the municipal committee. When they arrived, the top official of the Haizhou Municipal Committee took the initiative to chat with Li Mu. Everyone else basically became a foil. Only Su Weimin received special respect from Li Mu. Not only did Su Weimin call him Uncle Su, but he also took the initiative to ask about the health of him and his wife, as well as the recent situation of his daughter, Su Yingxue, in the United States.

In other words, the attention of the whole municipal committee was on Li Mu, but Li Mu's attention was on Su Weimin.

Li Mu's politeness and respect for Su Weimin made him feel very grateful. He felt that he had only met one real noble person in his life, and that was Li Mu.

Before the New Year, Su Weimin, who served as the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, was promoted to the deputy mayor. Now he was the deputy mayor of Haizhou and the director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau.

It was common practice for the director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau to be given the title of deputy mayor. It was not a high promotion. However, before the New Year, Su Weimin received accurate news that the provincial party committee had been seriously studying his next organizational arrangement. The provincial party committee wanted him to stay in Haizhou. Next, he would take over as the executive deputy mayor of Haizhou.

The real power of the Executive Deputy Mayor could be ranked fourth or fifth in the Municipal Committee. They were in charge of specific affairs. Compared to the Deputy Mayor who was also the Director of the Public Security Bureau, their power was a big step forward.

Generally speaking, the Director of the Public Security Bureau with the title of Deputy Mayor could be understood as just a Director of the Public Security Bureau. The title of Deputy Mayor with the title of Deputy Mayor did not have any substantial increase in actual authority. It was only for convenience in carrying out work. However, the Executive Deputy Mayor was different. This was the first Deputy Mayor and had a lot of real power.

Su Weimin couldn't believe it when he heard the news. He had no foundation in Haizhou, and the reason he was promoted to the position of Deputy Director was that the First Deputy Director, Li Jiawei, had been removed from his position for violating the law. Otherwise, he would only be a Deputy Director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau. However, in a short period of time, he had advanced by leaps and bounds. First, he got the position of the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, then he was promoted to the position of Deputy Mayor. If he was promoted to the position of Executive Deputy Mayor, the road he had traveled in the past two years was comparable to that of others who had walked steadily for five or eight years.

Su Weimin originally thought that this was just an unreliable rumor, but the key point was that the person who conveyed this news to him was really not ordinary. He was Du Cheng, the top leader of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, who had been sent here to be gilded.

What was interesting was that Du Cheng had recruited Su Weimin before he left. The two were now comrades in the same camp. Su Weimin had planned to go to Jinling before the New Year to visit Du Cheng and give him some New Year gifts. He did not expect that Du Cheng would come to Haizhou directly before he left and bring a whole trunk of New Year gifts to Su Weimin. This was very subtle. Du Cheng had helped his boss recruit Su Weimin. Not only was he Su Weimin's benefactor, but he was also Su Weimin's "Senior Brother". In addition, his position and rank in the Provincial Bureau were higher than Su Weimin's, so he could not take the initiative to visit Su Weimin.

However, Du Cheng came. When he came, not only did he give Su Weimin and his wife a shock, but he also brought Su Weimin the good news that he would soon be promoted to Executive Deputy Mayor.

Although Su Weimin felt that it was unbelievable, he still did not dare to doubt that Du Cheng would specifically come to play such a joke on him.

Then, Du Cheng told him the reason.

Both the Provincial Party Committee and the Provincial Bureau hoped that Su Weimin could continue to stay in Haizhou, not for anything else, but because Li Mu's family was in Haizhou, and Li Mu often returned to Haizhou.

Li Mu was now the pride of a large number of people wherever he went. In Nansu Province, he was the pride of the people of Haizhou. When the people of Haizhou met other people from Nansu, they would give him a thumbs up and say that Li Mu was a native of Haizhou!

In the whole country, Li Mu had become the pride of the people of Nansu. When the people of Nansu met people from other provinces and regions, they would also give them a thumbs up and say that Li Mu was a native of Nansu!

In the world, Li Mu had become the pride of all the Chinese. Among the celebrities of Hua Xia that were often mentioned by the Chinese and foreigners, Li Mu had a very high appearance rate, and almost every Chinese was proud of him.

As a result, not only did Haizhou attach great importance to Li Mu, but the Provincial Party Committee also attached great importance to Li Mu.

Although Li Mu was now mainly developing in Yan Jing and the United States, as his hometown, the Provincial Party Committee attached great importance to the development of Haizhou and his family in Haizhou. As early as before, the Haizhou Municipal Bureau had been secretly responsible for the personal safety of Li Mu's parents, and Li Mu had shown his special respect for Su Weimin in front of the leaders of the Haizhou Municipal Party Committee more than once. He even took the initiative to give a batch of police cars to the Municipal Bureau. Later, the people of the Municipal Party Committee and the Provincial Party Committee carefully learned that Su Weimin's daughter and Li Mu were high school and college classmates, and it was rumored that the two seemed to be in a relationship.

As a result, Su Weimin, who originally had no political capital, suddenly became the focus of the Provincial Party Committee. According to Su Weimin's normal development path, his next promotion would definitely be to the Provincial Department. However, out of consideration for Li Mu and his family, it was decided that Su Weimin would continue to stay in Haizhou. In this way, it would be easier to carry out work related to Li Mu and Li Mu's family.

In the eyes of the Southern Su Provincial Party Committee, Li Mu was the richest man in Southern Su Province, and even the richest man in the country. He was the golden signboard of the talents of the entire Southern Su Province, and the signboard of the talents of the entire Hua Xia. They must do their best to ensure the safety of Li Mu and his family in the province, and maintain the relationship between Li Mu and his hometown. In the future, they still hoped that Li Mu could come back to build his hometown, and help the GDP growth and high-tech industry development of his hometown.

Because the Provincial Party Committee regarded Su Weimin as the first person to connect the entire Southern Su officialdom with Li Mu, they also made a very generous plan for Su Weimin. As long as he could do a good job in the local area in the next three to five years, he would be promoted again after three to five years.

Only then did Su Weimin understand that the reason why his career had been smooth was actually because of Li Mu. The reason why Du Cheng took the initiative to visit him in Haizhou was also because he saw that Su Weimin had a relationship with Li Mu.

And Li Mu's special respect for Su Weimin in front of all the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee further deepened the halo around him. The second day after he went to Li Mu's home, Su Weimin received a call from the head of the General Office of the Provincial Party Committee. On the phone, the other party was very polite to Su Weimin for a while, and then told him the main purpose of the call: the leader of the Provincial Party Committee wanted to meet Su Weimin in private during the Spring Festival holiday and have a chat, so he wanted Su Weimin to go to Jinling as soon as possible.

Su Weimin and his wife Fang Min were so excited about the good situation of their future career that they couldn't sleep all night. The next morning, Su Weimin hurried to Jinling. Before he went out in the morning, Fang Min stuffed a bag of Haizhou's specialty assorted cloud cake into his hand and told him to eat it on the way. Cloud cake meant that he would be promoted step by step. Usually, when getting married, the bride would step on the cloud cake to get on and off the car, just for good luck.

For the couple, Su Weimin's trip to Jinling this time was extremely significant, and there was almost no doubt that this trip to Jinling would only bring good things, not bad things.

…

Li Mu and his parents couldn't stay idle all the time.

The second day after the leader of the Municipal Party Committee's visit, some people who had business dealings with Papa Lee and Li Ma also came to visit when they learned that Li Mu was coming, and it happened to be the Spring Festival. Li Mu naturally couldn't avoid them, so he welcomed them one by one with his parents.

Many of them came from afar, and even the big bosses of several clothing brands that Li Ma represented flew thousands of miles from Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces to visit. These clothing tycoons, who were worth more than 100 million yuan, were all outstanding local business leaders, and some were even the presidents of certain chambers of commerce. However, when they came to Haizhou and Li Mu's home, they were all as humble as children.

Li Mu sincerely thanked the bosses of these clothing brands for maintaining a good cooperative relationship with his parents, and at the same time, they came all the way to visit him in person. However, these bosses all said that this was what they should do, and in front of Li Mu, they all said that they would give Papa Lee and Li Ma better treatment in the future, such as settlement after payment, the lowest receiving price, the highest year-end rebate, and so on.

For clothing agency businesses, the biggest cost was stocking up on goods. The head office had a quota of goods every quarter, and the larger stores had a quota of hundreds of thousands or even millions of goods placed there every time, which took up a lot of capital. It was fine if there were only one or two stores, but when there were more than ten brands, more than twenty stores, or even more stores, the encroachment of the payment for goods would be a huge sum of money. Moreover, these big bosses gave preferential treatment after the payment was settled, which basically eliminated the capital pressure brought by the distribution of goods.

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't need to pay in advance for the distribution quota of tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of yuan. The manufacturers would directly distribute these goods, and Papa Lee and Li Ma could settle the payment after two quarters. In this way, the operating costs that Papa Lee and Li Ma needed to support were only fixed expenses such as stores and staff salaries.

In fact, this was something that most people in the clothing business dared not imagine. However, compared with Li Mu's capital, these preferential treatment could only be regarded as a small profit. Nevertheless, Li Mu still expressed his sincere gratitude to each and every one of them.

While thanking these people, Li Mu thought of the down-and-out situation of his parents when they were laid off in his previous life. He sighed deeply in his heart. This was indeed a society where it was easy to add flowers to a brocade, but difficult to provide charcoal in a snowy weather. When you were poor, the boss of the rice store wouldn't sell rice to you even if you were short of one cent. If you begged him, he would even humiliate you, scold you, and drive you away. When you were rich, the boss of the rice store wanted to block your door and send you a cart of rice to beg you to have a taste. You couldn't even pay for it, because he thought that paying for it was the biggest insult to him.

…

The next day after the boss of the clothing business left, the principal of Li Mu's high school, together with other school leaders and his two head teachers, visited him.

After a round of greetings and compliments, the principal made a tactful request to Li Mu. The municipal government had approved a piece of land in the administrative district for Haizhou No. 1 Middle School, as well as the corresponding construction funds. The construction of the new campus would start in the spring of this year. At that time, the principal hoped that Li Mu could come back to attend the groundbreaking ceremony.

Since the time was uncertain, Li Mu didn't agree to the request of the principal and teachers on the spot. Instead, he said, "I'm not sure if I can come back by then. However, since the new campus is going to be built, I'll also contribute to my alma mater. At that time, I'll pay for all the classrooms and dormitories to install air conditioners. The air conditioners will be powered by electricity alone. In the future, all the electricity bills for the air conditioners will be covered by me."

Although Haizhou's geographical location was neither south nor north, it was not a place that ordinary people could live in during the winter and summer. It was hot and humid in the summer, but it was damp and cold in the winter. The temperature inside and outside the house were the same. No matter how much you wore or how much you covered yourself, you couldn't warm yourself. The inside of your shoes was always cold. It was really terrible. Almost all the students froze their ears and hands in winter. Some beautiful girls even had frostbite on their faces. The children who lived in the city were better off, but the children who lived on campus were even worse off.