Chapter 1086

YY's complete cessation of support for Yahoo Mail was Li Mu's first shot at the international giants.

Although YY had previously destroyed the user base of MSN and ICQ like crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood, it was not a head-on battle. Li Mu just wanted to make his own product better and let users choose freely. But this time, he decided to take this opportunity to show off his muscles to the Internet industry and let the capitalists realize the huge influence YY had on the entire Internet industry.

YY blocked the Yahoo Mail interface, causing the Yahoo Mail user base to plummet. This was beyond the expectations of all Internet industry practitioners.

Then they realized that Li Mu's "old friend" whom he had never met before, his die-hard Silicon Valley fan, and the editor-in-chief of Silicon-Valley-Magazine, had published an in-depth analysis of the Internet industry on his personal blog. In this analysis, he first proposed a brand new Internet concept: Centralization. Centralization!

He said that YY's strong influence proved that the Internet had begun to enter the stage of centralization. User needs would be highly concentrated on a single platform, and this highly concentrated target was YY.

YY was a super product in the truest sense of the word. Not only did it cover instant messaging, social networking, but it also included audio and video chat, file interaction, email, personal blog, cartoon show, gaming hall, and many other functions. In China, YY also had its own navigation website and portal. Its traffic was already the number one portal in China. Now, YY was preparing for its English website.

This also meant that while other companies' products were still developing vertically in a single field, YY had already expanded its tentacles to the entire Internet.

He felt that in the future, people were likely to use YY to chat, work, browse and consult on the YY website, record their lives, and play YY games. In this way, YY would become a highly concentrated product. It would converge all aspects of user needs and eventually become a central product to solve all kinds of user needs. It would even become the online behavior center of the world's netizens.

He also felt that the future of the Internet would definitely need a super centralization product like YY to fundamentally reduce the various costs of user behavior and allow users to obtain the greatest degree of convenience.

YY's concept of centralization was immediately recognized by the entire industry and became a hot topic in the Internet industry.

Li Mu also saw the article and immediately became interested in the National People's Congress.

He had written many articles about Li Mu and Makino Technology, but Li Mu had never thought of meeting him. But today, when he first saw the concept of centralization, he realized that this person's understanding of the Internet was deep enough to amaze him.

To be able to see the signs of centralization before it arrived was indeed extraordinary.

The Internet industry was also an industry that changed frequently. After people had enough of centralization, they gradually cultivated a new mode of thinking that was decentralized. These were basically not things that could be seen by an individual. Instead, it was the result of the entire industry's small-scale group transformation at a certain stage. Therefore, in this case, it was really amazing to be able to rely on one's personal vision to see the clues and sort out their own set of theories.

Therefore, Li Mu gave Lin Ching-ah a task. He wanted to meet the person who was also in Silicon Valley at Makino Technology.

He said he wanted to meet the person, but in fact, he wanted to take him under his command.

Li Mu even thought about what kind of position he would give this person. He would set up a strategic research office specifically for him and let him lead a group of think tanks to carry out the most detailed analysis of the company's major future strategies, forming a comprehensive complement to himself.

There were countless Internet innovation models in Li Mu's mind, but not all of them were suitable for operation in this era. Even if they were taken out, they would not necessarily be 100% successful. Most of Li Mu's experience came from "participation" in his previous life, and a small part of his experience came from "leadership and actual combat" in this life. Now, what he really lacked was the compatibility of research and innovation models with today's Internet landscape. If there was such a think tank with a thorough understanding of today's Internet landscape, he was afraid that he would really be invincible.

More importantly, Li Mu also needed the company to have a strong error correction mechanism. Now, whether it was Makino Technology or Taobao, they were basically moving forward in full accordance with his strategic planning. Although he did not have a one-man rule in the company, the company was now in a state of "one-man rule". Whatever he said was the law, and no one objected.

However, this kind of objection was basically not because no one dared to object, but because the entire company had an extremely blind worship and trust in Li Mu. If Li Mu said to go east, everyone would desperately run east without any doubt.

In this state, under the condition that Li Mu did not make mistakes, he could obtain the highest efficiency and the strongest combat power, just like the German Empire before the war on two fronts. However, once Li Mu's judgment was wrong, then the entire system would rush in the wrong direction without hesitation, leaving no room at all. In that case, once the strategic judgment was wrong, it would not be a war that would be lost, but an empire.

Therefore, Li Mu needed an error correction mechanism with independent thinking ability. This set of error correction mechanism could provide more help when he was right. When he discovered that he had made a mistake, it could play the role of an emergency brake, stopping himself and the entire company.

If there was an error correction mechanism around Hitler that could change his strategic judgment, the pattern of the entire world would probably undergo earth-shaking changes.

After receiving an invitation from Lin Ching-ah, Yahoo's senior executives personally came to Makino Technology before the agreed meeting time with Li Mu.

The full-line blockade of YY immediately caused the user activity of Yahoo Mail to plummet. Yahoo's senior executives took the initiative to visit in order to clear up misunderstandings and lift the blockade of YY.

When Yahoo's senior executives immediately tried to make peace with Makino Technology with full apology, Li Mu was in the conference room, personally negotiating with the people from Sequoia on the final valuation of Makino Technology's C Series financing.

If it were not for Sequoia's 30 billion USD offer, which made Li Mu feel sincere, he would not have personally come to negotiate with Sequoia. He was not like most of the Internet industry, who chased after the capital after starting their business. He was now a father in the eyes of the capital, a father who could bring capital to make a lot of money. Even if Li Mu pretended to be pretentious in front of Sequoia, the worst result would be that he could not get Sequoia's money. That was all. However, Sequoia did not dare to be pretentious in front of Li Mu, because once he was pretentious, this big business that could earn billions or even tens of billions of USD in a few years would be handed over to others.

Who would say no to money?

When Yahoo's senior executives saw that Makino Technology did not give any reply, they even rushed to Makino Technology's office in Silicon Valley, hoping to meet with Li Mu to clarify the misunderstanding. Even though they repeatedly explained that the words and deeds of the Yahoo website reporter only represented his personal opinion, Makino Technology still did not buy it.

However, the fact that Muye Technologies didn't buy it was a big headache for Yahoo. After Lin Qingya met the vice president of the other party, she casually said, "I'm sorry, but we've encountered some problems with the crawling interface of Yahoo Mail. I'm urging my colleagues in the technical department to solve it as soon as possible. I believe it will be back to normal soon."

Yahoo's vice president was crazy. Do you think I am stupid? You deliberately blocked the interface, and now you are telling me that there is a problem with the interface?

Who doesn't know that you are taking revenge on Yahoo?

However, even though he was depressed, he could not show it.

It was like asking a friend to borrow money. The friend obviously had money, but he said that there was something wrong with the funds recently, and he could not take it out. What could he do?

He could not drag the friend to the bank to check the account, right?

If he knew what was good for him, he could just nod and say some polite words before leaving.

But Yahoo could not do it. The current internet industry, especially YY, was gradually achieving the so-called "centralization." Users were pursuing convenience, and they were pursuing the integration of all their needs.

Although YY was still unable to integrate all the needs of netizens, it could now integrate most of the needs of most users. Under such circumstances, the centralization of YY refused to integrate Yahoo Mail. The only thing the users of Yahoo Mail could do was to give up on Yahoo and use other methods approved by YY to integrate their own centralization needs.

This was like Li Mu's Hao123 navigation. Hao123 was a centralization product. It integrated all the users' needs to visit web pages into Hao123. A considerable number of users who wanted to read news would look for news portals in Hao123. If Sina was removed from Hao123, most of the users would not give up on Hao123 because of Sina. Instead, they would naturally choose to go to other news portals in Hao123 because of Sina.

This was the scary thing about a centralization product. If one was downstream of it, all the water supply would be blocked by it.

Apple's APP-Store was also a standard centralization product. That was why it had the absolute say. If he wanted to give a 30% commission, then most platforms would have to compromise. If he wanted to remove apps with hot updates, then these apps would have to be removed.

Li Mu also did not approve of Apple's tyrannical way of doing things, especially since the APP-Store itself was a revenue platform open to its partners. In such a platform, it should respect its partners. But Li Mu had not turned YY into a revenue platform open to the public. So, Yahoo was not his partner, and there was no contract or cooperation between them. Li Mu did not take Yahoo's money, nor did he take a share of Yahoo's traffic. Thirdly, he did not charge Yahoo's service fees. Since both parties had no interest in each other, if Li Mu could open YY's interface to Yahoo Mail for free, he could get rid of this interface.