Chapter 57

Something was definitely not right.

In his previous life, his parents had only been laid off at the end of this year. His rebirth had affected his college entrance examination, affected the development of the Stone Age plug-in, and affected Chen Wan and Zhao Kang's life path to a certain extent. However, from what he remembered, he did not affect his parents' work at Xiling Coal Mine.

However, the leader of Xiling Coal Mine had suddenly decided to lay off his parents at this time. There must be a problem, and the problem must be him.

However, how did he affect the leader of Xiling Coal Mine?

Could it be that the news of him bringing Zhao Kang to earn money had been spread out, and he was hated by the people in the mine?

After a moment, Li Mu overthrew his thoughts. The possibility of this was not high. It could even be said that it was very small.

Zhao Kang's parents were not fools. Everyone knew about making a fortune in silence, but his parents must have known about it. It was impossible for them to go around telling others how much money their son had earned by following them.

Since it was not because of this, then what could it be?

Although the result was what Li Mu wanted, he still felt that something was wrong. He wanted to know what had affected his parents' original life path.

Suddenly, a greasy face appeared in Li Mu's mind.

Guo Yuhang!

Other than this guy, Li Mu could not think of any other reason that could convince him.

After thinking through this matter, Li Mu's expression was terrifyingly gloomy. Guo Yuhang had actually used his parents as a breakthrough point to take revenge on him. This made Li Mu very angry.

Guo Yuhang, this grudge between us is completely formed. From today onwards, all the factors of Xiling Coal Mine will not affect our lives anymore. I want to see how much more you can do!

However, now that his parents were bringing him to his grandparents' house in the countryside, Li Mu suppressed the anger in his heart and waited for the confrontation with Guo Yuhang when he came back.

Thinking about it, he would have many opportunities to meet Guo Yuhang at the driving school this summer.

…

After lunch, Li Mu went shopping with his parents. He withdrew some cash and bought some gifts before arriving at the bus station. He took a bus to his grandparents' house which was nearly 100 kilometers away from Haizhou City.

Compared with her mother's family, who were at odds with each other on the surface, her father's family was much simpler. They didn't compete with each other, and the family affection was purer. Her grandparents, uncles, and aunts gathered together, and it was very lively. Her parents turned off their phones and stayed in the countryside for two days.

The day before returning from the countryside, Li Mu received a notice from the headquarters of Metersbonwe that his cooperation application had been approved. What he had to do now was to go to the headquarters to sign the contract as soon as possible. After signing the contract and paying a small amount of deposit and procedures, he could start the renovation.

The renovation of all the exclusive stores in Nansu Province was carried out by the decoration company designated by the provincial agent. It could be considered as a disguised monopoly of the provincial agent. However, there were also advantages to this. The decoration company that the provincial agent cooperated with was highly credible and understood the requirements of the headquarters for the store renovation. The construction speed was fast and the quality was high.

Zhao Kang also called Li Mu on the same day. He was still in Yan Jing, but in the past two days, through all kinds of contacts and all kinds of public relations, he really hooked up with many content editors of well-known portals, even those at the level of chief editor.

On the phone, Zhao Kang said that he spent more than 10,000 yuan in public relations fees and bought more than 10 MP3 players that were sold for about 1,000 yuan. He gave them out as gifts for public relations.

Li Mu was very curious and asked him, "Why did you think of giving MP3 players?"

Zhao Kang replied truthfully, "I think they are a group of people who play on the Internet. They are definitely more interested in electronic products. Almost all of them have mobile phones, but MP3 players are almost as expensive as mobile phones. I guess most of them are reluctant to buy it, so I decided to give them this."

As he spoke, Zhao Kang added, "They all like it very much. Basically, they can't bear to part with it."

Li Mu very much agreed with Zhao Kang's vision. He smiled and said, "Very good choice of things. You just need to make sure that they don't take the gifts and not do the work."

"Don't worry about this." Zhao Kang said, "I know what I'm doing. I won't screw up."

"Okay." Li Mu asked, "When are you planning to come back?"

"Tomorrow!"

Zhao Kang said, "The flight tomorrow morning. I forgot to tell you. The feeling of flying is so damn good!"

"There will be opportunities in the future to sit until you vomit!"

In the two days that Zhao Kang had been in Beijing, the Internet Water Army under him had already started praising the Simple Plan Band on all the major websites in the province.

Zhang Kexuan's photo was crazily spread on the major forums in Jinling. Especially at Jin Ling University. During the preliminary competition, Zhang Kexuan captured a lot of female students who were in the audience. When his handsome photo was published on the Jin Ling University forum, the effect was almost explosive.

Someone even announced Zhang Kexuan's identity and the address of the band's rehearsal room. As a result, Zhang Kexuan truly felt what it was like to be a star.

Zhang Kexuan called Li Mu and said in a complaining tone, "Mu Ge, quickly tell your team to stop. If this continues, I really can't take it anymore!"

Li Mu was at his grandparents' house, tasting a freshly picked mashed watermelon. He asked while slurping, "What do you mean?"

"Aiya!"

Zhang Kexuan sighed and said, "Our rehearsal room is surrounded by a group of female students every day. When I go out, they ask for my autograph. Some even want to take pictures with me. Now, a lot of people can recognize me when I go out on the street. I'm worried to death."

Li Mu nodded. It seemed that Zhao Kang's water army was very effective. In other words, it was very easy to brainwash netizens nowadays.

Li Mu asked, "Has the TV station broadcast it?"

"Not yet."

Zhang Kexuan said, "They need to edit it before they can broadcast it. There were more than 50 bands participating in the preliminary competition. Only eight bands won. I asked someone about it. The provincial TV station's leader is not willing to give this kind of program too long. They want them to limit it to one and a half hours. So, they can only edit about a dozen bands."

Li Mu asked, "When will it be broadcast?"

"Tomorrow night."

Li Mu smiled and said, "After it's broadcast, I'm afraid you will become even more famous. Oh right, remember to get someone from the TV station to edit the entire process of your band. With the four of you're capable, it shouldn't be a problem, right?"

"No problem!" Zhang Kexuan agreed very quickly.

Li Mu chuckled and said, "I see that you are not worried at all. Who knows how happy you are in your heart."

"Ai, I'm not!" Zhang Kexuan blurted out.

"Hypocrite!"

Li Mu pursed his lips. "You'll need to spend more money on the subsequent publicity. I've already sent people to Yanjing to clear up all sorts of connections for you. Once the TV station broadcasts it, I'll get someone to help you publicize it. I'll even upload the video to the internet after Yi Ting goes offline. However, I'm currently lacking technical personnel …"

Zhang Kexuan hurriedly said, "Mu Ge, didn't you ask Tianming to find a job for you?

He has already confirmed it for you. He is waiting for you to take a look. In addition, you told us to pay attention to recruitment. We are doing it. We have received quite a number of resumes. We are just waiting for you to select them!

We have to strike while the iron is hot. It's not too late. How much money do you need? What do you need? Just let me know! "

Li Mu was delighted. "Okay, I will be going to Wen City in two days. I will come to Jinling to meet you guys first!"

After hanging up Zhang Kexuan's call, Li Mu was very satisfied. With an office and technical staff, Easy Listening's launch was just around the corner. When the time came, he would use the popularity that he had helped Simple Plan to create. As long as Easy Listening went online, he would get Zhang Kexuan and the others to record the official version of "Li Bai" and "Sunflower" and then upload them to Easy Listening. Then, he would get the Internet Water Army to tie Easy Listening and Simple Plan together for publicity. That way, Easy Listening's initial source of traffic would be guaranteed.

The extremely high sugar content watermelon juice was already sticky on his face, but Li Mu did not have the time to care about it. His mind was filled with his own plans. What was worth celebrating was that all the plans were in full swing. Everything was going smoothly.

— —