Chapter 452

Wang Xinran had more than twenty siblings from her parents' generation, but she was the closest to Su Yingxue.

The two sisters were close in age and had compatible personalities. Wang Xinran had always seen Su Yingxue as her role model, so she was the most willing to be close to Su Yingxue among her siblings.

A girl in her rebellious phase would fight to the death with her parents, but it was different for her peers who were closest to her. Therefore, when Su Yingxue said those words, she let down all her guard.

After a long time, Wang Xinran cried in Su Yingxue's arms, but Su Yingxue didn't try to comfort her. She just hugged her and gently stroked her back.

After a long time, when Wang Xinran had vented all her grievances, she said in a choked voice, "Sis, I don't have a school to go to … The Film Academy is too shady …"

Su Yingxue comforted her. "How can you not go to school? We can still go to other schools. We haven't even taken the college entrance exam yet."

"The college entrance exam is in two months. I can only get about 400 points in my cultural classes. If I don't go to an art school, I won't be able to get into a good university. Moreover, I've always wanted to go to a film academy."

Su Yingxue said, "Don't worry if your results are not good enough. I can help you with your lessons. If you really want to go to a film academy, you can repeat one year and take the exam again next year."

Wang Xinran shook her head and said, "I don't want to repeat. They raised the standards on purpose to take care of those with connections. If there are still dozens of people with connections who want to get in next year, I might be eliminated by them again next year."

Wang Xinran couldn't hide her anger as she said, "Before the results were announced, my dad asked someone to find out about my score and the results of this year's art exam. He said that I would definitely be admitted with my score, but as soon as the score and the benchmark were announced, I was 0.5 points off. My dad called and asked, and he was told that this year's performance major was suddenly filled with 20 to 30 people with connections, and that's why we lost 20 to 30 spots from the original list."

Su Yingxue said, "Don't think too much about it now. I think what you should do now is to pull yourself together and improve your cultural scores in the last two months before the college entrance exam. Regardless of whether you repeat this year or not, you should give yourself more room to choose. Otherwise, if you stay in your room every day and don't do well in cultural classes, you won't be able to go to school anymore."

Wang Xinran pursed her lips and didn't say anything. Su Yingxue said again, "Look, the minimum score for a student with a residence in Yan Jing to take the National People's Congress exam is only around 500 points. If I remember correctly, the minimum score for the liberal arts exam last year was 548 points. If you work harder, we might become schoolmates next year. If that's the case, wouldn't it be great?"

Wang Xinran said unconfidently, "But I'm afraid that I won't be able to score that high in cultural classes. After all, there are only two months left …"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "That's why you have to pull yourself together. Two months for liberal arts is not a problem. If you make the best use of the last two months, your chances will be very high. I'll come back often to tutor you in the future. If it really doesn't work, I'll shamelessly beg Li Mu to find you a college entrance exam top scorer from 3321 to tutor you one-on-one."

Wang Xinran's mood eased a lot. She couldn't help but say, "If Brother-in-law knows that I can't even get into the Film Academy, will he look down on me? Brother-in-law is already a director at such a young age …"

Su Yingxue shook her head helplessly. "What you said is not true. Whether he is a director or not has nothing to do with whether you can get into the Film Academy or not. Even if you can't get into the Film Academy, he won't look down on you because of that. But if you become so decadent and give up on yourself over such a small matter, I think he will definitely look down on you."

As they were talking, Li Mu sent a message to Su Yingxue. "I'm here. How's it going?"

Su Yingxue looked at Wang Xinran and said, "He's already at the entrance of the neighborhood. He wants to invite you out for a good meal. Do you want to go?"

Wang Xinran couldn't help but ask, "Ah?

Brother-in-law knows? "

"Yes."

Su Yingxue didn't hide it from her. She said indifferently, "He wanted to invite me out for a meal, but I said no. I have to accompany you. He said that we might as well go and eat together. He's treating you to a big meal. Now that he's here and you haven't eaten for a day, do you want to go?"

Wang Xinran pursed her lips and looked conflicted.

Su Yingxue smiled gently and said, "Actually, if you want to be an actress, you don't have to get into the Film Academy. If someone is willing to give you a chance, you might become famous in an instant. Last time, I remember that he promised you that if there's a new movie in the future, he would ask you to act in it, right?"

"Yes!" Wang Xinran nodded repeatedly. She reached out to wipe away her tears and said, "Brother-in-law promised me."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Then quickly change out of your pajamas and go out for a meal. You haven't eaten for a day."

"Okay."

Wang Xinran nodded gently and changed her clothes in front of Su Yingxue. She looked in the mirror and saw that she looked so haggard. She couldn't help but ask Su Yingxue, "Will I scare brother-in-law if I go out like this?"

Su Yingxue said, "You look good like this too."

Wang Xinran looked at herself in the mirror with uncertainty. After thinking about it again and again, she gave up the idea of putting on makeup and followed Su Yingxue out of the room.

Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua had been listening in their bedroom. At first, when they heard Wang Xinran open the door for Su Yingxue, they were relieved. When they heard the door open again, they couldn't help but open the door and come out. Seeing that Wang Xinran had changed her clothes and went out, they were a lot more relieved. Su Yuehua deliberately made herself look casual, as if nothing was different than usual. She just asked curiously, "Where are you two going?"

Wang Xinran lowered her head and didn't speak. Su Yingxue said, "Li Mu wants to treat Xinran to a meal. We're already at the entrance of the community. I'm going out to eat something and come back."

Su Yuehua was overjoyed. Although she didn't encourage her nieces to fall in love early, this Li Mu really came at the right time. So she hurriedly said, "Then go quickly. After the meal, you can walk around. There's no hurry to come back."

Su Yingxue gave her aunt a reassuring look and took Wang Xinran's hand out of the door.

After they went out, Su Yuehua finally let out a long breath. She sat on the sofa weakly and said to her husband, "This time it should be fine."

Wang Shaohua nodded and sighed, "Today I also felt very uncomfortable in my heart. If I were more capable, other people wouldn't have squeezed Xinran out."

Su Yuehua held her husband's hand and comforted him with a smile, "What's the use of being so capable? Our child has her own path to walk. It's good to experience some setbacks occasionally. I don't want her to be unable to bear such a small blow when she enters society in the future. This time, I'll force her to mature."

Wang Shaohua said, "It's not the same. This is her dream, not a dress or a doll. I don't want her to miss her dream so early."

Then, Wang Shaohua couldn't help but say, "Secretary Cao should have an acquaintance in the Education Department. Do you think it's okay if I ask him for help?"

Su Yuehua waved her hand and said, "Now it's Secretary Cao who needs you. Why do you need him?

Besides, you also said that Secretary Cao may have an acquaintance in the Education Department. How troublesome it is to find a relationship. Have you thought about it? Secretary Cao goes to the Education Department, and then the people from the Education Department go to the Film Academy. They also have to find the right person, who has the right to speak, and who can change the decision of the Film Academy. How many uncertain factors are there?

If Secretary Cao agrees to help you, and it's done, you will owe him a big favor. If it's not done, how embarrassed will he be when he faces you every day in the future? "

Wang Shaohua suddenly understood. The relationship between the superiors and subordinates in government units was very sensitive. It was taboo to ask for help from the leaders. If he asked for help from the leaders, but the leaders failed, it would be a slap in the face.

Su Yuehua couldn't help but comfort him, "Well, our daughter has finally thought it through. Don't drag yourself into it anymore. If she really wants to go to the Film Academy, she can come back next year. The reason why she was squeezed out was that her professional courses were not good enough. They squeezed from the last place on the admission list to the top. If she can get in the top few, she won't be squeezed out. She is only eighteen years old. It's not a loss to prepare for her dream for one more year."

Wang Shaohua nodded. Hearing his wife's words, he felt relieved. He smiled and said, "You must be hungry. I'll heat up the lunch."

Wang Shaohua said as he was about to get up. Su Yuehua pulled him and said, "Don't heat it up. It's annoying to see it. The children have all gone out to eat. Let's go out to eat too. We haven't gone out to eat without the children for a while. I want to go back to the Northeast bone shop near the school. I don't know if it's still open."

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "Let's go and see. Let's go!"

Seeing that her husband was so straightforward, Su Yuehua was in a good mood. She jumped up from the sofa like a little girl and said excitedly, "Let's go. I want the biggest one!"

Wang Shaohua took the car key, changed his shoes with Su Yuehua and went downstairs to get the car. The couple had been worried about their daughter all day. Now that the clouds had finally cleared up, they were naturally in a good mood. When the car drove out of the community, they happened to see Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran walking to the side of the road together. Wang Shaohua instinctively stepped on the brakes. A few seconds later, a young man suddenly got out of the driver's seat of a Benz off-road and waved to Su Yingxue and Wang Xinran. The two were stunned for a moment. Then Su Yingxue took Wang Xinran to the back of the Benz off-road.

Wang Shaohua pointed to the Benz car in the distance and asked his wife, "Is that Li Mu?

It's a little far. I didn't see it clearly. "

"Yes." Su Yuehua nodded. She saw it clearly. It was Li Mu.

Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "Oh, this guy changed his car again."

Su Yuehua asked curiously, "What kind of car is this? It's so strange."

Wang Shaohua said, "Didn't you see the big Benz logo in front of the car?"

Su Yuehua said, "I saw it, but I don't think I've seen this kind of Benz car before."

Wang Shaohua muttered, "I think I've seen it before, but I can't remember the model."

At this time, Li Mu drove the two of them and just passed by the gate of the community. They were about to pass by Wang Shaohua at a 90-degree angle. Wang Shaohua instinctively stepped on the gas and turned right to catch up with them.