Chapter 1226

If it weren't for The Last Samurai, Li Mu would have liked Tom Cruise very much. In fact, Li Mu had always liked Tom Cruise in his previous life. Tom Cruise had good looks, good acting skills, and a spirit that dared to fight and fight. He was indeed a benchmark that many stars needed to learn from.

But in this life, he had a different status, a different height, and a different perspective of looking at problems. As a result, he had a deeper understanding of the movie The Last Samurai and understood the deeper meaning of the movie. At this time, when Li Mu looked at the problem again, Tom Cruise was already on the opposite side of him.

In this case, in order to destroy the movie and the positive spread of the samurai spirit around the world, Li Mu sacrificed Tom Cruise. In his opinion, it didn't matter anymore. Tom Cruise was not innocent. As a star and a public figure, he should know more about history than the people. He should know the crimes against humanity committed by Japan during World War II. He should also know that the samurai spirit he advocated was the culprit that contributed to those war atrocities.

Under such circumstances, he still went to make such a movie. He should be responsible for his own actions. Even if his acting career was ruined in the future, Li Mu would not feel the slightest pity for him, let alone the slightest bit of guilt.

After talking about Tom Cruise, Li Mu, Spielberg, and others talked about matters related to Flying Tigers again.

For "Flying Tigers," tomorrow's press conference was extremely important. If this press conference could attract and move the audience through the lineup of the movie, the background of the story, and the real history, then the movie would be halfway to success.

At this time, Spielberg said with a serious face, "I invited Mr. Chennault's daughter, who was born to his first wife. She will also attend our press conference tomorrow. She is too old. I only hoped that she would allow us to make this movie, but I didn't intend to invite her to the press conference. But coincidentally, she went to Hua Xia last year because of her father's history. In her own words, after going to Hua Xia and learning about the hardships and tribulations that Hua Xia suffered during the Anti-Japanese War, she really understood what her father did. So she was also very excited that her father's story could be made into a movie, and she insisted on attending this press conference. She said that she wanted to tell the Americans how cruel the Anti-Japanese War that her father participated in was."

Li Mu didn't expect that Chennault's descendant would also attend the press conference. He immediately said excitedly, "That's great. Can you arrange for me to meet her in advance?"

Spielberg said, "The old lady hasn't arrived in Los Angeles yet, but her son's home is not far from Los Angeles. She went to visit her son's house first, and her son will drive over with her tomorrow morning."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then please do a good job of receiving her. Don't let her get sick."

With that, Li Mu asked again, "Does Chennault have any other descendants?"

Spielberg said, "His second wife is still alive, and she has been living in the United States. I have been in contact with her, but I didn't invite her to the press conference."

Only then did Li Mu remember that Chennault had married a woman from Hua Xia. He didn't expect that the old lady was still alive. When he heard that Spielberg didn't invite her to the press conference, he asked in surprise, "Why?"

Spielberg said, "Ms. Chen Xiangmei is a descendant of Hua Xia. I think if she attends the press conference and narrates the history of the Americans assisting the Hua Xia people in the War of Resistance, it won't be convincing enough to the Westerners. I'm also worried that someone might use this to attack you for political and racial purposes. But if it's Chennault's daughter, it will be a lot more credible and acceptable to the Westerners, and there will be less opportunities for others to attack you."

Li Mu thought for a moment and nodded gently. Spielberg's considerations were right. Although he didn't explicitly state his racial and political propaganda intentions, a smart person like Spielberg must have sensed it. At this time, he should really avoid being caught by others. Even if the history was true, excessive whitewashing or over-interpretation might cause rejection. At this time, he really should cover up a little. If the press conference tomorrow was full of Americans, it would be much more convincing to the Westerners.

After basically deciding the specific details of tomorrow's press conference, Li Mu asked the hotel to prepare some champagne, soft drinks, and desserts. They held a small cocktail party in the largest living room of his luxury suite. Most of them were chatting about some interesting topics. There weren't many people, so the atmosphere was just right and comfortable.

After chatting for a long time, Spielberg found an opportunity to privately bring a glass of champagne to Li Mu and said in a low voice, "Mr. Li, there's something I want to talk to you about in private."

Li Mu looked up at Tom Hanks and Leonardo, who were chatting not far away. He wondered why Spielberg had to avoid the two of them and Anne Hathaway. However, he still nodded and said to him, "There's a small study next door. Let's talk there."

“OK。”

The two entered the small study one after another. Although the others saw it, they didn't pay much attention. After entering the study, Spielberg closed the door and said to Li Mu in a low voice with a solemn expression, "Mr. Li, before I came here this time, a very outstanding friend specially contacted me. He said that he wants to meet you in private before you leave the United States."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Who is this friend you're talking about?

Do I know him or have I heard of him? "

Spielberg smiled and said, "He's Mr. Kerry from the Democratic Party. He's also the next presidential candidate of the Democratic Party."

Li Mu was surprised.

He had heard of Kerry before. In the 2004 presidential election, he ran against President Bush, who was seeking re-election. Although he was favored by many people and media in western countries, he ultimately failed to win the election.

At this time, there was still more than a year before the presidential election. Kerry took the initiative to meet him at this time. It was obvious that Kerry wanted to rope him in and use his huge influence in the Internet industry as well as his global information dissemination ability to help him win the election.

After understanding this, Li Mu asked Spielberg, "Mr. Kerry wants to meet me at this time, it should be for next year's presidential election, right?"

"Smart!"

Spielberg was not surprised that Li Mu could understand the motive. He said very calmly, "The whole of Hollywood is a die-hard supporter of the Democratic Party, so we have been providing help to the Democratic Party's election. Mr. Kerry is a very outstanding person. If you meet him, you will definitely feel this way."

Spielberg paused and said, "In fact, you don't have to care too much about his identity as a Democratic Party candidate. Just treat him as an ordinary new friend and contact him first. We'll talk about other things later."

Li Mu nodded. Sure enough!

With his current influence, candidates for the presidential election have begun to take the initiative to come to him.

However, Li Mu's heart was not excited. Instead, he suddenly felt a little nervous.

He did not expect that his influence had become so far-reaching. Even the candidates for the UA presidential election began to try to recruit his extraordinary Internet power. This also meant that he had begun to have the ability to change the world.

Then the problem was, it was okay for him to change the world in the field of the Internet because he had enough ability, accumulation, and grasp of the future to ensure that he could hold the changes he brought. But if he invested this influence in the politics of other countries, especially the world's largest country like the United States, then the entire world situation in the future would probably change.

If he remembered correctly, Kerry was only a little bit behind Bush in the 2004 election. Both sides mobilized all their resources in the competition, and their parties also went all out. In this case, the two ends of the scale were very likely to be 100 tons and 100 tons minus 100 grams. If he brought a behemoth like Makino Technology into this battlefield at this time, then he might play a decisive role in the entire election.

If he really helped Kerry in the election and used the resources of Makino Technology to promote and canvass votes for him, Kerry had a great chance of winning. But the question was, did he really want to get involved in this mess?

It was true that if he really helped Kerry in the election, once he was elected, he would definitely reap a lot of political benefits in the future in the United States. Anyone who funded the election was making a two-choice gamble. If he won, he would naturally get double the reward. This had become an open secret in the UA presidential election.

But in that case, a problem also appeared. If Bush was not re-elected in 2004 and Kerry came to power, then the future political pattern of the United States would change dramatically from the course of Li Mu's previous life.

With Kerry, who knew if Obama would still have a chance to come to power?

If Kerry did well after he came to power, then even if Obama ran in 2008, it would be impossible to stop Kerry's re-election. Then, only in 2012 would the next president be elected. At that time, who would be the UA president?

Hillary?

Obama?

Or someone else that he had never heard of at all?

For a reincarnated person like Li Mu, the best situation was to change what he could control and obey what he could not control. In this way, he would not waste the biggest golden finger of his rebirth, which was his knowledge of the future development.

If he helped Kerry in the election, then from 2004 until 2016, all of Li Mu's memories of the UA political scene would be completely meaningless.

From a safe point of view, Li Mu's best choice was not to get involved in the quagmire of the UA election.

However, from another point of view, if Li Mu had enough control and could hold all this, then he could intervene in it, just like he intervened in the Internet industry, and he would definitely gain countless long-term benefits.