Chapter 34

Watching as Su Yingxue got into the Santana police car, the car spat out a cloud of exhaust and sped away. Li Mu felt bored and kicked a can on the side of the road.

It was not easy to escort his goddess home late at night, but in the end, it was ruined by that b * stard who sucked up to the leader. Fortunately, it seemed to be a wonderful thing to be able to learn to drive with the school belle he had a crush on for many years.

Su Yingxue, who was in the car, turned her head and saw Li Mu's actions. She could not help but smile. Was this guy always so interesting?

Why didn't she realize it? In the past, she always felt that he was silly and even cute. His style seemed to have changed too fast.

Li Mu did not know that Su Yingxue had been looking at him until the car turned at the intersection.

He only thought that his high school life had come to an end. From tomorrow onwards, he would have to prepare for university.

Money was a small matter, but after thinking about it carefully, he still had to be more careful. His parents would lose their jobs at the end of the year. Li Mu's hope was to help his parents find a new way out before he went to university.

Li Mu knew his parents well. They were in their forties and still thought that they were young and strong. Even if he could earn a lot of money, piled it in front of them, and told them that they could rest assured in their old age, they would not be idle.

They needed a career to maintain their passion, and they also needed a career to prove their worth. Therefore, the best solution was to not let them explore the society after they retired. He should find a reliable career direction for them.

Li Mu thought about it carefully. What kind of business could he do in 2001 that would be easy to earn money and not too tiring or troublesome?

After thinking about it, Li Mu suddenly looked up and saw the signboard of the Benny Road Specialty Store that was still lit late at night. Li Mu's heart suddenly brightened.

That's right, open a specialty store!

Currently, there were still very few clothing brands for young people in Haizhou. In addition to sports and leisure brands like Li Ning and Shuangxing, there were only two, Benny Road and Jeanswest.

Senma hadn't opened yet, neither had Yichun. Metersbonwe, which would be popular for many years in the future, hadn't opened either. In his memory, the first Metersbonwe had opened on the first day of the Lunar New Year during the first winter vacation of his university. At that time, the business had been booming for more than half a year, and the franchisee shouldn't have started operating yet.

As soon as he thought of Metersbonwe, Li Mu thought of Jay Chou, who would become a heavenly king in the future. He had endorsed this clothing brand for more than a decade. Although the level of Metersbonwe had not been upgraded for more than a decade, Li Mu could be sure of one thing. In the past decade, brands such as Benny Road, Senma, and Yichun had long fallen into obscurity, but only Metersbonwe was still standing strong in the low-end market.

If he paid for his parents to join a Metersbonwe store, it would definitely not be a problem for a store in a city like Haizhou to make a net profit of hundreds of thousands of yuan a year.

Moreover, he had a deeper understanding of the history of Metersbonwe. Back then, Metersbonwe was the clothing brand that paid the most attention to information construction. Their powerful network system was supported by the famous Cisco in the United States. Li Mu did not know if they had started to ask Cisco to help build a network system, but from this point alone, it could be seen that this brand was thinking very long-term. Moreover, with an efficient network system, the franchisee would be very worry-free in handling issues such as purchasing goods, inventory, and returns.

His mother had a background in finance, and his father was very meticulous in his work. If he opened a store and hired an experienced store manager and some young salespeople, the two of them would basically not have to stay in the store every day. They would just have to regularly check the payment for goods, inventory, and sales records in the system. With his mother around, he did not have to worry about others tampering with the accounts.

It would not take too much effort, and he would definitely be able to make money. Moreover, he would be able to make money with peace of mind for at least a few years. The feasibility of this plan was very high. What he had to consider now was how much money would be needed to open a store.

…

The next day, Li Mu looked up some information on the Internet and looked at the official website of Metersbonwe. He already had a rough idea in his heart.

Metersbonwe did not charge a joining fee, but there were a few conditions.

First of all, he had to prioritize the empty market, which was the prefecture-level city that did not have a Metersbonwe store yet.

Second, the store in a fifth-tier prefecture-level city had to be on the street in the bustling urban area. The area should not be less than 80 square meters, and the counter area should not be less than 50 square meters.

Third, the investment in a fifth-tier city should not be less than 200,000 yuan, and the decoration standard should be 80,000 to 150,000 yuan.

After meeting these requirements, he could apply to Metersbonwe and pay 3,000 yuan for the inspection fee. They would first send an inspector to inspect the store. After the inspection was passed, they would bring the store back to the headquarters for review. After the review was passed, they would enter the practical stage of training, decoration, and distribution of goods. After that, they could open for business.

Li Mu roughly calculated that the overall cost was actually about 400,000 yuan. This was because the official investment requirements actually took into account the local rent and the quantity of goods. If he opened a store with the standard of 80 square meters, the annual rent would only be tens of thousands of yuan. After all, it was a fifth-tier city in 2001. The price of a commercial house was still below 1,000 yuan. The price of a bustling market was only a few thousand yuan per square meter. Naturally, the rent was not that expensive.

However, considering that the store would also have a great impact on business, Li Mu still preferred a larger area. In his previous life, the store was often hundreds of square meters, but now, it was generally less than 100 square meters. This might also be due to investors being cautious about the future.

The larger the store, the rent, decoration, the quantity of goods, and even the number of salespeople would increase. However, it did not matter. According to the Internet, it generally took a total of two months from the start of the inspection to the opening of the store. If the renovation was fast, the store could even open in more than a month. Based on this, the first person to open a Metersbonwe in Haizhou in his previous life would not start for at least three months.

What he lacked now was money.

Li Mu opened the QQ account named "Keep Going". As soon as he went online, he received a message from Sun Peng. "Hello, the price of one million is really too high. I have found a partner to invest. 800,000 yuan is the limit that both of us can afford. Is that okay?"

Sun Peng did not speak carelessly. 800,000 yuan was indeed his limit. He secretly communicated with his old partner. The other party was very interested, and he also disliked people like Jia Bei. If he could buy the Stoneware Overlord, he would not have to worry about people like Jia Bei competing with him in the future.

After the two of them added up all the cash they had together, they only had about 700,000 yuan. Then they contacted their families again. The cash that both of them could come up with was a little more than 100,000 yuan. After calculating it, they were really at their wits' end with 800,000 yuan.

However, both of them were very confident that as long as they could get the Stoneware Overlord, the previous dealers would immediately come to them like dogs smelling bones. They believed that they would be able to realize profits very quickly.

Li Mu thought about it carefully. Since Sun Peng said so, regardless of whether what he said was true or not, one thing was certain. If he agreed, he could get 800,000 yuan very quickly. If he wanted more, then he would definitely have to communicate and bargain back and forth. He did not know how long it would take.

After understanding this, Li Mu replied to him, "Okay, then 800,000 yuan. Where are you guys?"

"Yanjing!"

Li Mu thought about the geographical location. Yanjing was too far, and it was the other party's territory. It was impossible for him to go there personally. It was not safe, so he might as well choose a place that was slightly more in the middle.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "You guys come to Pengcheng to do the transaction!"

"Pengcheng?" Sun Peng hurriedly asked, "You are in Pengcheng?"

Li Mu: "Yes, I will bring a laptop for you to check the program. You can deposit the money in your CCB card in advance. We will go to the bank to do the transaction."

"This …" Sun Peng was a little hesitant.

In fact, even if he decided to buy this plug-in, he still had a lot of worries.

For example, would the other party abide by the agreement and not use the plug-in after he sold it to him?

Maybe he would sell the Stoneware Overlord to him and then use the same code to compete with him under a different name?

For example, would he have a better technical solution and then make a stoneware plug-in that was more advanced than the Stoneware Overlord?

For example, was he a scammer?

Making a fuss about the code?

Sun Peng thought too much, but he could not not think too much. 800,000 yuan was all they had. It could be said to be all the chips of a gambler.

Li Mu asked, "What are you hesitating about?"

Sun Peng said, "I am afraid that you will compete with us in the Stone Age field in the future."

Li Mu sent a chuckle. "If I had such a plan, I would have used this plug-in long ago. I guarantee that you will not be able to earn a single cent in the future. The reason why I did not do so is because I do not think highly of plug-ins. You must have studied the Stone Age before. With my technology, making a plug-in is too much of a waste. This is just a program that I casually made. In my eyes, it is not even considered a software."

Sun Peng was speechless.

When others pretended to be pretentious in front of him, he might still feel conflicted. However, this person who would not stop until he was dead was really too awesome. After they studied the Stoneware Overlord, they realized that not only could they not understand the core technical code, they could not even understand the programming logic.