Chapter 945

Xie Chenglong didn't expect Li Mu to be so ruthless. "Wei Lan is just my employee" was enough to destroy half of his strong backing.

Indeed, Wei Lan was just his employee, not his woman. If he was the boss, he wouldn't pay more than 100 million yuan for a female employee. It wasn't worth it no matter how beautiful she was.

Xie Chenglong's arrogance was extinguished by Li Mu's words. He even panicked for a while and didn't know how to regain his arrogance. The biggest reliance of kidnapping and blackmailing was the hostage. If the hostage wasn't important enough to the blackmailed target, then he would really be in a passive position.

Xie Chenglong suddenly remembered what Song Zhilei said to him before and realized that he had missed a major clue. He immediately said, "Don't misunderstand. I'm not asking you to pay. Don't you owe Wei Lan 800 million yuan?

Return the money to her in advance and let her pay the bill. That's not a problem, right? "

Song Zhilei's original intention was to threaten Wei Lan and let her ask Li Mu for her own money to redeem her life. As a result, Xie Chenglong was too immersed in his role and pretended to be arrogant to Li Mu. Li Mu seized the opportunity and suppressed him with just one sentence.

When Li Mu heard that Xie Chenglong was intimidated by him, he knew that his plan had worked. Once the other party's arrogance was reduced, his initiative would be a lot stronger.

Seeing that Li Mu didn't respond, Xie Chenglong immediately said, "I'll turn on the speaker and let her speak to you personally."

After that, Xie Chenglong threatened Wei Lan, "Tell him that this money is only for him to pay for you. In fact, you will bear it yourself."

Wei Lan was restless at the moment. Listening to him, it seemed that Li Mu didn't buy Xie Chenglong's previous threat. Did he really not care about her life or death?

However, the current situation didn't allow her to think too much. She could only repeat Xie Chenglong's request, "Li Zong, please pay for me. I will bear it myself in the future!"

At this time, Li Mu didn't dare to be too pretentious. He had to be very cautious in the secret fight with the kidnappers. If the kidnappers were too passive, they would realize that the hostages had no value and might kill the hostages in a rage.

Just as he was about to agree to it and calm the kidnappers, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind. Li Mu felt that even if he called the police, the police would have to investigate how Wei Lan disappeared and find clues from the beginning. In that case, he didn't know how long it would take to find valuable clues. Wei Lan was such a smart woman. As a personal experience, she must have a lot of valuable clues. The current problem was that Wei Lan could only speak according to the other party's request. She couldn't reveal any useful value.

Therefore, Li Mu changed his mind and said lightly, "Weilan, it's not a problem for me to pay 100 million for you first. To be honest, that 800 million is your money. Even if I pay 200 million for you, it's not a problem."

As soon as these words came out, Xie Chenglong was ecstatic.

This was the attitude he wanted. Anyway, it was Wei Lan's money. Wei Lan would pay the bill herself. You, Li Mu, just need to take out her money to save her. You wouldn't feel bad if it wasn't your own money.

However, at this time, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "But Wei Lan, you are also a businessman. You know what empty words mean.

I did promise you 800 million. It was written in black and white in the contract, and I signed it to confirm it. Now you want me to pay more than 100 million for you to the kidnappers. If I pay the money and they let you go, what if you don't admit it?

Then wouldn't my 100 million be for naught?

The risk is too great! "

Wei Lan was still feeling nervous about Li Mu's attitude, but at this moment, she suddenly realized that Li Mu was acting!

Although she hadn't known Li Mu for a long time, she knew Li Mu's style of doing things. The reason why she liked this man, wasn't it because of his courage, generosity, passion, and social responsibility?

With her eyesight, it was absolutely impossible for Li Mu to say such words. The only possibility was that he was acting.

Xie Chenglong didn't expect Li Mu to have such concerns. If this guy really didn't dare to pay because of this concern, then this matter would be really blind!

So, he immediately said, "Li, what tricks do you want to play?

Do you want her to sign a contract with you first? "

Li Mu said innocently, "Please, I am a businessman. You want me to pay more than 100 million without any proof. If it were you, would you be willing?"

"I …" Xie Chenglong was a little scared at the moment. He wanted to say fiercely, "If you play tricks again, I will kill her immediately!"

But he was afraid that Li Mu would suddenly reply, "Okay, then you do it. I'm going to sleep." In that case, what should he do?

Could he say, "Li Zong, don't go to sleep in a hurry. Let's discuss it again?"

Xie Chenglong was anxious, and he couldn't help but curse in his heart. D * mn, it was a good thing. Why did it suddenly become so passive?

I came to ask for money. Killing Wei Lan is Song Zhilei's request. If I can't get the money in the end and only kill Wei Lan, then I will lose a lot. Song Zhilei can go to Australia, but I can't get a penny after committing a murder. I have to hide here and there. Isn't that the end?

Wei Lan, who was careful, saw that Xie Chenglong was a little panicked at the moment. She tentatively asked him in a low voice, "Can you let me beg him?"

When Xie Chenglong heard this, he completely forgot the agreement he had with Wei Lan. In his opinion, the only person who could make Li Mu not care so much and give the money first was Wei Lan.

So Xie Chenglong brought the phone in front of her and took out a sharp dagger with his other hand. He pointed the tip of the dagger at Wei Lan and warned, "Don't play tricks!"

Wei Lan's first sentence sounded like she was crying. "Li Zong, please help me. Give them the money first. I swear to God, the first thing I will do when I go back is to sign a contract with you and deduct the money from the 800 million!"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment. It seemed like he was hesitating, but in fact, he was thinking about whether there was any valuable information in Wei Lan's words. After thinking for a moment, he felt that there was no hidden content, so he realized that he had to ask Wei Lan to say a little more.

So, Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "Wei Lan, it's not that I don't want to help, but this is more than 100 million in cash!

There's no proof. How can I feel at ease and boldly pay so much money for you? "

Wei Lan begged, "Li Zong, I've been working with you for a long time. You must know what kind of person I am. Now, such a serious matter, I have no relatives or friends in the country who can help me. My parents are abroad, and my family has encountered such a big accident. I can't take out so much money at all. The only thing I can ask is you. Please believe me. No matter what, help me this time, please!"

Wei Lan's tone was especially sincere and humble. Intuition told Li Mu that Wei Lan had reached a tacit understanding with him. However, he still didn't hear anything valuable from her words, so he had to ask her to say a little more!

At this moment, Xie Chenglong was also listening to the conversation between Wei Lan and Li Mu word by word. He was afraid that Wei Lan would reveal any dangerous information. Fortunately, Wei Lan's words were all begging Li Mu. It could be said that she was very cooperative. Moreover, he couldn't hear any hidden meaning in her words, so he relaxed a lot.

At this time, Li Mu still continued to be stubborn, but his tone was also a little relaxed. He said with some difficulty and some confusion, "Wei Lan, to be honest, I really want to help you. I don't want anything to happen to you, but after all, it's more than 100 million in cash. The amount is really too big. I have my reasons for worrying …"

At this time, Wei Lan had already lost her voice in tears. She said with some despair and excitement, "Li Zong, I know that you've always abided by the principle of not being soft-hearted or benevolent when doing business, but you have to know that I'm not your competitor!

I'm your employee, your business partner. At this time, you can't use the principles you use on your competitors on me!

Moreover, if you don't help me, what will your employees think of you if I die and news of this gets out?

You also have to worry about the stability of your team! "

At this moment, Li Mu's brain was buzzing!

He was so excited that he almost jumped out of his chair!

Wei Lan, oh Wei Lan, you're really too smart!!!

"You can't be soft-hearted or benevolent." Li Mu clearly remembered that he had only said such words once!

At that time, he was the one who insisted on using 100 million to buy 20% of Song Zhilei's shares. At that time, Wei Lan was clearly soft-hearted. At that time, he only said one sentence, "You can be soft-hearted, but I won't be benevolent!"

At this time, when Wei Lan said these two sentences, Li Mu almost instantly concluded that Wei Lan wanted to convey these two sentences to him!

The one who kidnapped her must be Song Zhilei!

After confirming this point, Li Mu decided to immediately stop the previous entanglement. He let out a long sigh and said, "Alright, I'll believe you this time. I'll pay the money for you first. Once you regain your freedom, immediately sign a contract for me!"

When Wei Lan heard this, she guessed that Li Mu already understood what she wanted to convey. She was so moved that tears burst out of her eyes. She said, "Thank you, Li Zong, thank you …"

The reason why Wei Lan was so moved to tears was because she believed that Li Mu would definitely find a way to save her. She originally thought that she would die, but because of him, she once again saw the light of hope!

Xie Chenglong didn't doubt it at all. He even felt that Wei Lan's degree of cooperation far exceeded his expectations. It seemed that his threat had a great effect.

When he heard Li Mu agree, Xie Chenglong immediately picked up his phone and said, "Li Zong, since you've agreed, I'll give you 24 hours. At this time tomorrow night, I'll call you and inform you of the method and location to pay."

"Stop dreaming."

Li Mu immediately used a calm tone and said, "It's impossible to gather so much cash in 24 hours, especially US dollars. Do you know how hard it is to get foreign exchange these days?"

Xie Chenglong said, "This is non-negotiable. You must gather it in 24 hours, otherwise …"

Li Mu interrupted him and said indifferently, "Don't play hard with me here. I'm telling you the truth. I have plenty of money, but the RMB and US dollars in cash will have to wait until the bank opens tomorrow to settle it. Although it's 24 hours, the bank only has 10 hours in the day. Even if I call the bank to make an appointment tomorrow morning, it's impossible to withdraw so much RMB and US dollars before the bank closes. I'll have to wait until the day after tomorrow."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "You don't have to bargain with me. Since Wei Lan is paying the bill herself, I'll naturally give the money to you. But I need 48 hours to raise the cash, unless you agree to give me a 50% discount. I can give it to you in 24 hours."

Xie Chenglong pondered for a moment. Combined with Li Mu's overall performance and the whole process of him reluctantly agreeing, he really didn't dare to refuse Li Mu's 48-hour request. He could only grit his teeth and said, "Fine!

48 hours it is! "

Li Mu grunted and warned him, "You must take good care of Wei Lan in these 48 hours!

If anything happens to her, I'll never pay you this money! "

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "If I pay the money and Wei Lan dies in your hands, not only will I give you the 100 million yuan, but I'll also have to pay the 800 million yuan to her parents according to the law. I will never bear this risk. So if you want to get the money, call me every three hours before I pay. Let Wei Lan talk to me personally and confirm that she's still alive!"

Xie Chenglong completely believed in Li Mu's theory. It was completely flawless, so he could only say, "Don't worry, I'll definitely ensure her safety. But it's not realistic to call her every three hours. How about this, I'll call you at noon and let Wei Lan talk to you first."

Li Mu didn't dare to push too hard, so he said, "Okay, tomorrow at noon, I'll wait for your call!"

…