Chapter 559

Lin Ching-ah and Li Xingping had been talking for a few hours.

Li Xingping's initial offer lacked sincerity. He wanted to use all of Hao123's shares to exchange for 5% of Makino Technology's shares, plus 10 million in cash. Lin Ching-ah rejected him right away. 0.5% of Makino Technology's shares was worth tens of millions at the moment, and the room for appreciation was immeasurable. Li Xingping's offer was like a daydream.

Lin Qingya coldly gave Li Xingping a price that caused his heart to ache endlessly: 10 million, all in one package.

Li Xingping's purpose of offering such a high price was to give himself some leeway. After all, the other party was bound to bargain. If the starting point was a little higher, the final price should be appropriately higher. However, he did not expect Makino Technology's offer to be so insincere. 10 million for all?

Before Makino Technology started YY123, many internet companies had offered him more than 30 million, but he rejected most of them because they were too low. Now that Makino Technology only offered 10 million, it was a slap in the face.

Although Lin Ching-ah was beautiful, she was not polite at all. She said to Li Xingping with a condescending arrogance, "When the YY123 project was still in the preparation stage, we had already made a strategic plan to completely destroy Hao123. To be honest, before you contacted us, we had no intention of acquiring Hao123 because Hao123 doesn't mean much to us. You're the founder of Hao123, so you should understand that Hao123's valuation is all based on its traffic. Apart from traffic, Hao123 has nothing else. It doesn't even have a real product. How much do you think we're willing to pay for Hao123's declining traffic?"

Li Xingping said, "At least for now, Hao123's traffic is still stable. We have a large number of highly loyal users."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "You're right, Hao123 does have a group of highly loyal users. But don't worry, we definitely have a marketing strategy for these highly loyal users. We'll try our best to convert Hao123's highly loyal users to us. I believe you have a certain understanding of our offline marketing rhythm. It won't be long before we can convert at least 90% of Hao123's traffic."

Lin Ching-ah used the word "convert", but it was actually quite tactful. To put it bluntly, Makino Technology's approach could only be described in one word: "rob!"

Li Xingping did not want to recall the offline advertisements of YY123 that he had seen in the past few days. It was an endless nightmare for him, and it made him extremely uncomfortable.

After that, Li Xingping gave up on his request for the shares and set the purchase price at 30 million. However, this price was still unacceptable to Lin Ching-ah. Li Xingping made some concessions, but Lin Ching-ah did not reciprocate. Her offer was still 10 million.

Li Xingping insisted that Hao123 was still very valuable, and he refused to budge on the 30 million offer. After a few rounds of attack and defense, Lin Ching-ah was starting to get tired of bargaining with you. She waved her hand and said, "Mr. Lee, to be honest, I don't have much time to bargain with you here. That's because we don't want to buy Hao123, but you want to sell it to us. If you really want to make this deal happen, then please give me a real offer. Otherwise, there's no need for us to continue this conversation. When you come to Yanjing this time, you can make an appointment with other internet companies and see if they are interested in buying it."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah continued, "If no one is willing to accept it, you can continue to keep Hao123 in your hands. After all, it's still very valuable in your eyes. However, you can use the current situation of QQ as a reference. QQ hasn't really disappeared, they just stopped updating and maintaining it. QQ should still have some old users, and its previous valuation was in the billions. What about now?"

Li Xingping's heart was dead, but he still wanted to make one last struggle. At this time, Lin Ching-ah stood up and said, "How about this, Mr. Lee, I have a meeting later, so I'm afraid I won't have much time to spend with you today. Why don't you think about it, and we'll talk again tomorrow?"

When Li Xingping saw this, he knew that there was no way to continue the conversation today. He could only nod and ask her politely, "CEO Lin, what time are you free tomorrow?"

Lin Ching-ah thought about it and said, "Tomorrow's schedule is very full, so we can only arrange it for the evening, between six and eight o 'clock. As for the specific time, I'll get my assistant to meet with you tomorrow morning."

Li Xingping's impression of Lin Ching-ah was very bad. He felt that she was arrogant, condescending, and had no basic manners. However, he did not know that everything that Lin Ching-ah had done today was prepared for him. Although he was annoyed, he was also very clear about the situation at hand. He was currently in a completely passive position, and he could only do as Lin Ching-ah said. If she said to stop it, then he had to stop it. If she said to do it tomorrow, then she had to do it tomorrow.

After Li Xingping left, Lin Ching-ah went to Li Mu's office and told Li Mu about the details of the negotiation. After listening, Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Actually, if we didn't have YY123, Hao123 could be worth more than a hundred million if it was given another year or two."

Lin Ching-ah did not doubt Li Mu's assumption. She smiled and said, "Although it could be worth a lot, we still have to abide by reality. At the moment, other than us, no other company would be interested in this hot potato."

Li Mu nodded. "I'm just lamenting. The business world is always cruel, and there's no room for pity. Everyone is a gentleman within the framework of the law, and when the law doesn't take care of things, everyone will become thieves, robbers, and gangsters. We are like that, and so are others."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I remember a case study that my economics professor talked about in school."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What kind of case study?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "The world's first VCD player was developed by a man from Insignia Province in 1993. He collaborated with an American Chinese businessman and established a brand called 'Wan Yan'. The Wan Yan VCD player was said to be the epoch-making product, and it attracted the attention of the world the moment it was released. It sold very well, but because it didn't apply for a patent, it was copied and copied by competitors all over the world. In the end, Wan Yan was the one who lost its competitiveness and withdrew from the market stage. If he had registered the patent earlier, then every VCD player in the world would have to pay him patent fees, and he could easily become a billionaire."

Li Mu had also heard about this before. When he heard Lin Ching-ah mention it again, he could not help but lament, "Business competition has always been cruel. If you aren't cruel, your competitors will be cruel. Therefore, on one hand, we can't let our competitors take advantage of our weaknesses, and on the other hand, we can't leave them any leeway."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong, I think we should be able to acquire Hao123 tomorrow. The price shouldn't exceed 15 million."

Li Mu said, "If you can acquire it at a price lower than 15 million, I'll give you credit!"

…

Although Lin Ching-ah had never led a business acquisition before, this time, Li Mu had entrusted her with the negotiation of the acquisition of Hao123. It was not only because he trusted her, but also because he wanted to cultivate her. Therefore, this time, not only did she do a lot of preparation work in advance, she even thought about how to play psychological warfare with Li Xingping.

The next day, from the moment Li Xingping woke up, he had been waiting for Lin Ching-ah to arrange a meeting time with him. However, Lin Ching-ah did not contact him. There were several times when he wanted to call Lin Ching-ah's assistant to ask for the specific time, but he could not help but give up. He was already in a passive position. If he took the initiative to call at this time, he would be pushing himself into an even more passive position.

The more he was in such a state of mind, the more tormented Li Xingping felt. However, Lin Ching-ah intended to let him immerse himself in this torturous feeling for a while longer. Therefore, she deliberately asked her assistant to contact Li Xingping at 5: 30 pm. However, it was not to arrange a meeting, but to apologize to him. Due to the fact that the company was too busy, the meeting between Lin Ching-ah and him could only be postponed for another day.

For a moment, Li Xingping could not help but walk away and buy a plane ticket back to Guangdong Province. However, he quickly dismissed the idea. He could be impulsive, but he could not go against money. It was easy to go back, but Hao123's defeat was already set in stone. This dish would only rot in his hands, and in the end, it would become trash. The only way was to sell it, and sell it as soon as possible.

Therefore, Li Xingping could only agree to postpone the meeting for another day. In his heart, he lowered his expectations by quite a bit. 20 million. If Makino Technology could accept this price, he was willing to sign the agreement and sell it immediately without any hesitation.

Li Mu also felt that he should be able to acquire Hao123 this time. Once Hao123 was in his hands, a lot of things would need to be done immediately. Therefore, he looked for Kong Lingyu and discussed with him what he needed to do after he acquired Hao123.

Li Mu first asked Kong Lingyu if the two functions that he had requested from him last time had been fully developed. The two requests were: add the function of authenticating the source of websites in YY, make a ranking list of the website domain names, and divide the websites into the green list, white list, and red list. Also, add the function of blocking keywords in YY.

Kong Lingyu said, "It's been developed a long time ago. I told you about it before."

Li Mu nodded. "It's been too long, I can't remember it clearly. I called you here to confirm it, and also to talk about the follow-up plan."

Kong Lingyu sat up straight and asked Li Mu, "Is Hao123 about to be acquired?

If you have any follow-up plans, just let me know. "

Li Mu said, "Regarding Hao123, Qing Ya is still discussing it, but I think it will definitely be settled in the next two days. Therefore, we need to be prepared. Once Li Xingping signs the contract and sells Hao123 to us, we will immediately redirect Hao123's domain name to YY123. By then, Hao123 will no longer exist except for a redirect domain name. Therefore, I need you to do two things.

"First, after Hao123 redirects to YY123, YY123 must not have any links related to Sina, not even a single one.

"Second, any links related to Sina, Sina, and Sina must be blocked from the entire YY product line!

Declare war on Sina! "