Chapter 1016

Li Mu's words were shocking. In an understatement, he directly denied all the individual webmasters' revenue model before joining the Taobao Alliance. However, to the thousand or so webmasters present, Li Mu's words were not exaggerated at all.

Before joining the Taobao Alliance, everyone's traffic was like crude oil that had not been refined. If they sold it directly, the profit margin was relatively small. Most of the profit was controlled by the downstream refinement industry.

However, the Taobao Alliance gave everyone a chance to refine their revenue. Through the Taobao Alliance's calculation of valid clicks, valid registrations, and valid conversions, almost all of the Taobao Alliance's member websites' revenue had increased by a level.

In a market economy, to the industry's resource suppliers, whoever offered the highest price would be the boss. It was precisely because of the Taobao Alliance's more advanced revenue calculation method that nearly a thousand people from all over the country gathered here to participate in the Taobao Network Webmasters' Conference.

Li Mu said on the stage, "The core purpose of the Taobao Alliance is to firmly bind everyone on the path of development. In the future, we will do our best to provide everyone with a traffic channel with the highest profit ratio. At the same time, we will constantly optimize our rules and algorithms to ensure that everyone's interests are maximized!"

Nearly a thousand individual webmasters below the stage applauded in unison. Li Mu's reputation for doing things was unquestionable, so they also believed that Li Mu would definitely do what he said and bring them more profit margins.

At this time, Li Mu smiled slightly. The PowerPoint behind him switched to a mind map. Then, Li Mu introduced to the individual webmasters below the stage according to the mind map he had made. "After this conference, the Taobao Alliance Algorithm Version 20 will be officially released. This set of algorithms has several greater improvements and improvements compared to Version 10. First, I want to introduce to everyone the improvements on verticalization and refinement."

As he spoke, Li Mu pointed to the leftmost side of the mind map. There was only one column there, with the word "users" written on it. He said, "Everyone knows that users are the core of the Internet. Everyone's income comes from the realization of traffic, and traffic comes from the accumulation of thousands of users. However, every user is an independent individual. Since they are independent, it means that they have different identities, different ages, different personalities, different hobbies, and different income levels. If we squeeze all kinds of users into one platform and then generalize them as' traffic ', I think it's very imprecise."

Every individual webmaster nodded repeatedly in agreement. The development of the Internet had not yet entered the refinement stage. Everyone was racking their brains on how to dig deeper into the user's value. However, this itself was a new direction without any predecessors' experience to learn from. For these individual webmasters who were working behind closed doors, it was even more confusing.

Everyone listened to Li Mu's words. It seemed that there had been a breakthrough in the direction of refinement development. If that was the case, then once Li Mu put the refinement algorithm into the Taobao Alliance, it would be like leaning against a big tree to enjoy the shade. They could just follow the Taobao Alliance and enjoy the fruits of its labor.

Therefore, everyone began to look forward to Li Mu's next words. No one was distracted or distracted. Everyone had a face full of curiosity.

Then, Li Mu began to seriously introduce and explain, "In the new Taobao Alliance algorithm, we will open up a new data called 'refinement weight'. The so-called 'refinement weight' means that the Taobao Alliance will carry out refinement analysis based on the conversion situation of everyone's website and calculate the weight of each data item.

"The Taobao Alliance itself will have a variety of categories for goods. In the major categories, there are clothing, shoes, and hats, daily necessities, daily necessities, food, oil, electronic products, household appliances, books, audio, and so on. Under these major categories, there are also many refinement sub-categories. For example, in clothing, shoes, and hats, there are men's clothing, women's clothing, children's clothing, middle-aged and elderly clothing, outdoor sports, men's and women's shoes, and so on. Our refinement weight is calculated based on the conversion efficiency of these categories.

"For example, Webmaster A's website is a website dedicated to travel, travel, and outdoor exploration. It also has a special section for outdoor travel enthusiasts to communicate. Then, if he joins the Taobao Alliance, there is no doubt that his website will have the highest conversion rate for the clothing, shoes, and hats category. Among the many subcategories in the clothing, shoes, and hats category, the outdoor sports sub-category is the closest to it.

"Because the Taobao Alliance's advertisements cover all types of goods, we can calculate that among the recommended goods after he joins the Taobao Alliance, the outdoor sports sub-category has the highest conversion rate. In that case, in the 20 version of the Taobao Alliance algorithm, we will subdivide Webmaster A's website and increase the weight of the outdoor sports sub-category. This way, the outdoor sports sub-category will have a higher probability of appearing on his website in the future. If the probability of outdoor sports appearing was 1 in 20, then after the adjustment of the weight, it may increase to 1 in 2, or even 2 in 3."

When nearly a thousand individual webmasters heard this, they were all surprised. They could hear from Li Mu's previous analogy how much change it had brought to them.

Before this, although the Taobao Alliance had brought them more traffic to generate income, they could not interfere with what kind of advertisements the Taobao Alliance placed on their websites. Previously, the Taobao Alliance did not further subdivide the different characteristics of different websites. Now, it was different. The Taobao Alliance had quickly gained a foothold and absorbed a large number of alliance websites. The landing had been completed, and all that was left was to slowly consolidate the foundation.

Just when everyone was excited, the powerpoint image turned into a picture of people of various races and personalities. Yellow, white, black, brown, and mixed-race people. Their body outlines contained different colors, different personalities, interests, and characteristics. Each figure was connected to three letters with a line, and these three letters were: DNA.

Li Mu's voice also raised a few octaves. He pointed to the powerpoint image behind him and said with some excitement, "I believe that your website, like everyone on it, has its own uniqueness. Therefore, from the 20 version of the Taobao Alliance, no matter what kind of website it is, we will take the initiative to study the unique genes of each of your websites. After studying you, we will provide you with customized Taobao Alliance advertising services according to your website, so that your advertising conversion efficiency will be higher!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the audience suddenly burst into thunderous applause.

For these individual webmasters, what they were most concerned about when they joined the Taobao Alliance was income. The "refinement of weight" that Li Mu mentioned just now was a good strategy to greatly increase the advertising conversion rate. Let the tourism website sell outdoor goods, let the electronics website sell mobile phones, let the fashion website sell clothes. In this way, it would bring a huge improvement to everyone's advertising conversion rate.

After a long applause, Li Mu wanted to wait for everyone to quiet down before continuing. However, the reaction of the audience was unusually intense. Many individual webmasters were excitedly whispering to each other, and their expressions were filled with excitement and fanaticism. So, Li Mu had no choice but to persuade everyone on the stage, "Everyone, don't be too excited. What I just said is only one of the changes in the 20 algorithm of the Taobao Alliance. There are more changes in other aspects. Please calm down and listen to me first."

Once the audience heard that Li Mu had other changes to announce, they immediately quietened down and waited for Li Mu to continue.

Li Mu cleared his throat and continued, "As the saying goes, we have to adapt to the local conditions and to the individual. Now, our Taobao Alliance also has to adapt to the website. In addition to the refinement of weight that we took the initiative to calculate, we, the Taobao Alliance, have also developed a very practical new function in the back end of the 20 algorithm."

Thousands of people looked at Li Mu without blinking. The "new function in the back end" made them unconsciously look forward to it. Everyone was an individual webmaster and understood the website's program and back end. Just as Li Mu said, the Taobao Alliance had developed a new function in the back end of the website. This also meant that the Taobao Alliance had given more new benefits to the website. This was the second biggest issue that everyone was concerned about other than money.

Li Mu said, "The 'refinement of weight' that I mentioned just now was calculated by the Taobao Alliance based on the actual conversion data of each website. In order to avoid any omissions and bias in our algorithm, we have developed a setting called 'Website Weight Attribute' for everyone. In this setting, we have listed a total of more than 80 subcategories. There are more general first level categories, and there are also relatively detailed second and third level categories. Everyone can choose a category that you think is the most suitable for your website's user attribute in the backend. You can also give this category from 10% to 50% of the weight. In the future, you will also have at most 50% of the decision on what kind of products your website is suitable to promote."

Everyone immediately understood the intention of Li Mu's words. Just relying on algorithms to analyze and adjust the weight of each website was like the autopilot system on an airplane. Although this system was very powerful, it was certainly not perfect with only one set of automatic systems.

In this case, the best solution was to have two sets of plans. One was to make all the adjustments automatically, and the other was to have human intervention to give all individual webmasters a certain amount of control, allowing them to control the genetic tendency of their own website. This gave the members of the Taobao Alliance a very large amount of autonomy.