Chapter 1168

Zhao Xianliang could hardly believe that Li Mu could casually take out two billion yuan to prepare for an unforeseen epidemic.

Li Mu repeated very seriously, "That's right, Uncle Zhao. At least two billion yuan."

"Oh my god!"

Zhao Xianliang did not expect Li Mu to take out two billion yuan in one go to stock up on related supplies. When he came back to his senses, he blurted out a question to Li Mu, "What are you planning to do by hoarding so many epidemic related supplies at this time?"

Because Li Mu had a Taobao website, Zhao Xianliang subconsciously thought that Li Mu wanted to use this opportunity to make a fortune. As long as two billion yuan of goods were sold according to the normal market rules, he would definitely be able to achieve a retail sales volume of more than three billion yuan or even four billion yuan. According to the profit margin of the normal retail industry, after selling these two billion yuan of goods, he should be able to earn about 500 million yuan of profit. Moreover, Li Mu was in e-commerce, which saved him a lot of the costs that physical retail industry had to bear, so the profit margin would be even higher.

And all this was only under the normal market rules. If Li Mu's two billion yuan of goods entered a state of extreme shortage or a state of frenzy, the profit could not only be said to be 580 million yuan, but it could even be doubled on the basis of the two billion yuan. After investing these two billion yuan, it should be easy for him to make a net profit of two billion yuan, and it was not impossible for him to make a net profit of even higher.

However, how could this money be casually earned!

What was the difference between this and making a fortune during a national crisis?

When Zhao Xianliang questioned Li Mu, he was already a little angry in his heart.

Xie Yun was also a little surprised. She looked at Li Mu with a face of disbelief.

She was unwilling to believe that Li Mu was prepared to take the opportunity to make a fortune, but if Li Mu did not invest these two billion yuan to make money, but to control the epidemic, she also did not dare to believe it. After all, two billion yuan was not a small amount. Who would invest so much to control an epidemic that they did not know if it would break out or not?

However, what Li Mu said next made Zhao Xianliang speechless.

Li Mu said, "Uncle Li, a part of these resources will be donated to the medical and health system to fight against SARS. Of course, the most important thing is to prepare various protective suits and other biochemical defense equipment for medical personnel. The remaining part will be used to maintain the stable supply of related resources in the country, to prevent panic due to the shortage of related resources, and to prevent unscrupulous businessmen from taking this opportunity to hoard resources, raise prices, and disrupt the market."

As he said this, Li Mu further explained, "The first part is purely donated. This part will be paid by both Taobao and Makino Technology. Although the second part is for profit, Taobao will not get any extra profit. It will be sold at a price lower than the cost price when necessary, and Taobao and Makino Technology will jointly bear the loss."

As soon as this was said, Zhao Xianliang felt extremely ashamed. Li Mu took out such a large amount of funds to prevent the spread of the epidemic and cause social problems, but he subconsciously felt that Li Mu was taking the opportunity to make money. In comparison, it really showed that there was a big gap between his breadth of mind and vision and that of Li Mu.

Xie Yun subconsciously looked at her daughter, Zhao Ziqiu, and sighed in her heart. "My good daughter, what kind of monster did you find? He actually made your parents feel ashamed in front of him."

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang asked Li Mu, "You have invested so much. If the epidemic did not break out, what would happen to these materials?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Put them on Taobao and sell them slowly, or donate them to people who need them. Didn't I say just now that Taobao and Makino Technology will bear this part of the loss together? It's just two billion yuan, and it will not have any substantial impact on the two companies."

After the C round of financing, Makino Technology had tens of billions of yuan in cash in its account. Although it was spending very fast, it was still tens of billions of yuan, and Taobao's current capital was also close to ten billion yuan. With the size of these two companies, it was not insignificant to absorb the loss of two billion yuan together, but it would not be a serious blow.

Zhao Xianliang could not help but give a thumbs up. In the heat of excitement, he blurted out to Li Mu, "How about this, I will also invest five hundred million yuan and let you operate it. The specific operation principle is the same as your two billion yuan!"

For a physical entrepreneur like Zhao Xianliang who took the route of heavy assets, five hundred million yuan in cash was a large amount. It was much more difficult for him to take out five billion yuan than for Li Mu to take out five billion yuan.

When Xie Yun heard her husband's promise, she subconsciously frowned, but soon relaxed. Her daughter's boyfriend was so bold, and her husband was so active in responding, so she should not be a burden.

Unexpectedly, Li Mu said with a smile, "Uncle, the reason why I set the material reserve plan of two billion yuan is because I think that two billion yuan should be enough. What's more, there will be a part of YY's resource exchange, so in summary, the total amount of materials will increase to a certain extent. It is actually unnecessary for you to add so much money now. I'm afraid it will cause a lot of waste when the time comes."

Zhao Xianliang thought for a moment and thought that what Li Mu said made sense. If Li Mu had already estimated the approximate material shortage and had enough funds to fill the gap, it was indeed meaningless for him to add more money.

Therefore, Zhao Xianliang said to Li Mu, "If there are any temporary additional needs, remember to let me know. I dare not say much, but I can still take out five to six hundred million yuan."

Li Mu agreed readily, but then he said vaguely, "Uncle Zhao, I think even if there is a gap, it will not be very big. When the time comes, if there is a need, you can prepare about one hundred million yuan."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said very generously, "When the time comes, you can look at the situation and tell me directly how much you need!"

"Okay!"

Li Mu agreed, but in his heart, he did not take Zhao Xianliang's words seriously at all.

Even if Zhao Xianliang was speaking from the bottom of his heart, even if two billion yuan was really not enough, Li Mu did not want to take money from him.

Although the total amount of Zhao Xianliang's assets was not low, since he visited Zhao Xianliang's headquarters in the suburbs of Hangzhou last time, Li Mu knew that Zhao Xianliang must not have too much money in his hands. If he really took out 500 million in cash to do a business that was impossible to make a profit, or even very likely to make a loss, he was afraid that he would be greatly affected.

If the epidemic was under control, and the materials were rotten in his hands, he could bear these losses, but could he really bear these losses?

At that time, he could not just watch as his funds were invested and could not come out. In order to help him avoid this possibility, he must help him realize the part of the materials he invested first. If he invested two billion yuan, and he invested five hundred million yuan, in the end, only five hundred million yuan could run away. In that case, he would definitely let his five hundred million go first. But in that case, how could he explain to other partners?

If he did not let him run away first, there would be five hundred million yuan left in the end, and he would lose 80%. If he invested five hundred million yuan, there would be only one hundred million left in the end. At that time, if he was in trouble, it would be even more difficult for him to deal with.

Taking a step back, if he really wanted to participate at that time, he could at most take out one hundred million yuan. At that time, it would be relatively easier for him to protect his one hundred million yuan. Even if he did not protect it, his loss would not be too big.

Zhao Xianliang did not realize that he was despised by Li Mu.

…

That night, when Zhao Ziqiu sneaked into the guest room where Li Mu was as usual, Zhao Xianliang was lying on the bed, sighing with his wife beside him.

"What Li Mu has done is really extraordinary. It's not an exaggeration to say that he is great. I'm afraid that he is the only entrepreneur in the country who has such a sense of social responsibility and is so generous."

Xie Yun nodded in agreement. "This is also one of the reasons why he can reach such a high position today. Without such a strong sense of social responsibility, he would not have been able to establish 3321, let alone repeatedly motivate young people and the whole society on major occasions. Look at how popular his' positive energy 'is now, and his speech at Harvard was rated as the most influential speech in the history of Harvard. Even the speeches of those US presidents were not as deep as his speech. Such a young man full of positive energy is also the most sincere and the most sincere heart to give back to the society."

Zhao Xianliang smacked his lips and said, "It seems that I still have to communicate with Li Mu. Since I know such a meaningful thing, I can't just stand by and watch. I'd better take out a sum of money first and let him operate."

Xie Yun could not help but laugh and said, "Forget it, I think you shouldn't get involved in this matter."

"Why?"

Zhao Xianliang could not help but say, "Although we haven't been very rich recently, we can still take out a few hundred million if we grit our teeth."

Xie Yun said, "With so much investment recently, it's already very difficult to take out a few hundred million in cash, right?

Even if we can take it out, if we really lose it, it will still have a very big impact on us. "

"That's true."

Zhao Xianliang sighed softly and said, "Funds are indeed a problem. Recently, the various investments have indeed taken up too much of the cash flow, but they are still not as rich as Li Mu!"

Xie Yun smiled and said, "Today when you said that you would take out 500 million, didn't you see that Li Mu was a little disdainful of you?"

"Disdainful of me?" Zhao Xianliang frowned and asked, "Disdainful of me for what?

Disdainful of my money? "

"That shouldn't be the case."

Xie Yun smiled and said, "I feel that he thinks that you are a burden. If you really take out 500 million, with Li Mu's style of doing things, he will definitely try his best to take the risk on himself to ensure that you can get out unscathed. At that time, you will be a burden to him, won't you?"

Zhao Xianliang said subconsciously, "I don't need him to protect me. I just want to do my part."

Xie Yun shook her head and said with a smile, "You think so, but Li Mu will definitely not think so. It doesn't matter if he loses two billion yuan. Let alone losing 500 million yuan, it will be enough for you to have a headache if you can't get it out within a year. How can he watch you get into trouble because of doing good things with him?

Instead of trying to protect you at that time, it is better to not let you in from the beginning. "