Chapter 1574

"Manchester City?!"

Dong Fangzhuo was stunned for a moment. He thought that he was very likely to sign with Manchester United, and that Manchester United was much stronger than Manchester City and was a veteran powerhouse in the Premier League. He really did not have any real interest in it.

After being stunned for more than ten seconds, he said with a little embarrassment, "Brother Hai, Manchester United is now talking to the club and wants me to join them. It will probably be settled soon …"

Sun Jihai hurriedly said, "I know Manchester United wants you, but it hasn't been decided yet!

But if you are willing to come to Manchester City, we can confirm it for you immediately! "

Dong Fangzhuo asked inexplicably, "Brother Hai, does Manchester City also want to sign me?"

"Yes!" Sun Jihai blurted out, "Do you know who the new boss of Manchester City is?"

"I don't know …" Dong Fangzhuo said embarrassedly, "I don't know much about the Premier League teams. I'm more familiar with Manchester United, Arsenal, and Liverpool.

And even if it's Manchester United, I don't know who their boss is. "

Sun Jihai's voice trembled a little as he said, "The new boss of Manchester City is our Hua Xia man, the chairman of Makino Technology, Li Mu!"

"Li Mu?" Dong Fangzhuo suddenly said in surprise, "Really?

Li Mu bought Manchester United? "

"It's absolutely true!"

Sun Jihai said excitedly, "I just met with Li Mu an hour ago. He came to the club and had a meeting with us. He told us that he has now fully purchased the Manchester City club and became the only owner of the club. He also told me that he is very interested in you and hopes that you can join the Manchester City team."

"Oh my god!" The young Dong Fangzhuo exclaimed and said, "How did Li Mu think of buying the club?"

Sun Jihai said, "I don't know why, but he did buy the Manchester City club and specifically mentioned you to me. He said he hoped you could join, so I called you."

With that, Sun Jihai added, "You must consider this matter carefully. Don't think that Manchester United is better just because Manchester United is stronger than Manchester City now. Manchester City has Li Mu's funds and resources. It is only a matter of time before they surpass Manchester United. Moreover, if you go to Manchester United, you will definitely be loaned to other leagues in the first year for the sake of a work permit. But if you come to Manchester City, Li Mu can help you get a work permit so that you can play in the English Premier League directly."

Dong Fangzhuo was a little excited when she heard that and said, "Manchester United is indeed going to play in another league for at least a year, maybe even two years. They are considering letting me go to Belgium's Antwerp."

Then he asked Sun Jihai, "Brother Hai, can Li Mu really handle my work permit?"

Sun Jihai didn't answer his question. Instead, he asked, "Do you think a work permit can stop a person like Li Mu?"

Dong Fangzhuo muttered to himself, "That's true …"

Sun Jihai advised, "Let me tell you something from the bottom of my heart. Players like Hua Xia, and even all Asian players, will be discriminated against in Europe. Whether it is in Antwerp or Manchester United, you will feel very lonely, and the tolerance is too poor. But if you come to Manchester City, Li Mu will definitely give you the best environment. You have to know that you are a player that he wants by name!"

Dong Fangzhuo was completely moved at this moment. He was young and his English was not good. Therefore, while he was looking forward to developing in the English Premier League, he was also afraid of crossing the ocean to a foreign country alone. Now a good opportunity had come. It was the same as going to the English Premier League, but he could go to a club owned by the boss of Hua Xia. Moreover, the boss of this club actually wanted him to join. If he went to Manchester City, his future would probably be much better.

Thinking of this, Dong Fangzhuo immediately said, "Brother Hai, I will talk to my parents, the club, and my agent first thing tomorrow morning."

"Okay." Sun Jihai breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Brother, I will wait for you at the Manchester City club!"

Dong Fangzhuo thanked him and hung up the phone. After that, he did not fall asleep again.

Like all young people, he also admired Li Mu's extraordinary achievements. He also longed to be famous around the world like him and to be able to win glory for his country on the international stage. Although he did not have the business talent of Li Mu, he did have an extraordinary advantage in football. If he could get help and guidance from Li Mu's club, his development path would definitely be smoother.

…

At six o 'clock the next morning.

At this time, the news of Li Mu's award and purchase of the Manchester City club began to spread explosively throughout the country.

The first television media to broadcast the news was the morning news of Central TV.

In today's morning news, half of the time was used to report the news related to Li Mu. When the host reported, he was impassioned, and his excitement was evident in his words.

The audience who got up early in the morning to watch TV was the first people in China to be bombarded by these two blockbuster news. At first, they did not understand what it meant that Li Mu was awarded by the Queen of England. But when the news explained in detail the level of England's awards and how rare and precious a GBE was, the people finally understood that what Li Mu received was the highest level of recognition from the British royal family. This recognition had never been given to any businessman, nor to anyone under the age of 50.

Li Mu was the first one to do so.

The award of the GBE alone allowed Li Mu to break countless historical records. It really made Hua Xia proud.

Then, Li Mu bought the Manchester City club without a trace, which also surprised the people. This was the first time a Hua Xia businessman had invested in a football club overseas. In Hua Xia, which was relatively backward in terms of football and commercial development, Li Mu's move gave the people a lot of room for imagination.

Why did Li Mu want to buy a Premier League club?

Was he going to enter the football market?

The Hua Xia football market was still very backward. Would Li Mu enter Hua Xia football in the future?

Would he bring the advanced development experience of European football back to Hua Xia in the future?

Or, would he let more Hua Xia football players take this opportunity to develop in Europe?

At 7: 15, Eastern Time was broadcasted. The main content was still about Li Mu.

At 7: 30, the newspapers from all over the country were basically delivered to the hands of the readers. The news of Li Mu's award was reported in a large section of the morning newspaper. Heated discussions began to appear on the streets and alleys.

At eight o 'clock, the morning news and information programs on various TV stations were broadcasted. Li Mu was the focus of the report.

At nine o 'clock, the Internet ushered in the first wave of users of the day. The news about Li Mu was overwhelming on the Internet, and the netizens began to discuss it enthusiastically.

At ten o 'clock, hundreds of millions of people knew what happened in the United Kingdom yesterday. The news about Li Mu had reached its peak in the country.

Many overseas Chinese media and overseas Chinese associations began to spread their voices to China. They proudly and excitedly told their compatriots in Hua Xia that Li Mu's achievements had attracted attention from all over the world. Many foreigners, because of their good impression of Li Mu, took the initiative to express their respect for Li Mu, and even for Hua Xia, to the local overseas Chinese.

When a person from Hua Xia was respected around the world, he would inevitably win some glory and dignity for the Chinese people all over the world.

The overseas Chinese from all over the world unanimously gave Li Mu a title: the light of the Chinese people.

Before Li Mu, many people had received such a title, such as Cheng Long and Li Xiaolong. However, they were different from Li Mu. The area that their influence could cover was too narrow compared with Li Mu.

…

During the summer vacation, Zhao Ziqiu stayed in Hangzhou, and her life was extremely boring.

Li Mu was not by her side, and her parents left early and came back late every day, so they did not have much time to accompany her. She did not like to go out to meet with her old friends, so she stayed at home every day and did nothing.

After getting up this morning, Zhao Ziqiu washed up as usual, and then went downstairs to have breakfast with her long, unkempt hair. When she arrived at the dining room, her parents had not left yet. Her father was wearing glasses and reading the newspaper with a serious expression, while her mother brought her laptop into the dining room and carefully looked at something in front of the computer.

"Dad, Mom, what are you studying so early in the morning instead of eating breakfast?"

Zhao Ziqiu rarely saw her parents like this. According to their daily habits, after getting up and getting dressed, they would go to the dining room for breakfast. During the meal, they would not fiddle with their phones or read the newspaper. The family would concentrate on eating, and the two of them would take the car to the company together. Her father would read the newspaper every day on the way from home to the company.

Zhao Xianliang was the most typical physical entrepreneur of Hua Xia. He was very similar to entrepreneurs like Wang Jianlin. The biggest thing they had in common was that they were particularly self-disciplined, had a special sense of time, and knew how to make the most of their time.

Therefore, ever since his business improved and he got his own car, he had only read the newspaper in the car for so many years.

Today was an exception. Not only did he read the newspaper in the dining room, but more importantly, he did not touch the breakfast in front of him.

Zhao Xianliang raised his head and saw Zhao Ziqiu. He naturally said to her, "Hurry up and eat. It will get cold later."

Halfway through his sentence, he had already lowered his head again and focused on the newspaper.

Xie Yun was even more outrageous. She did not hear Zhao Ziqiu's voice at all. She stared carefully at the computer screen and said without blinking, "Old Zhao, there is another piece of news that the media has overlooked. When Li Mu was met by the Queen of England, he asked to go online to 3321 UK Station. Do you know who is in charge of 3321 UK Station's operations after it goes online?"

Zhao Xianliang blurted out, "Who is it?"

Xie Yun said, "It's Prince William of the British royal family. He is about the same age as Li Mu and is the second in line for the throne."

After saying that, Xie Yun added, "I took a look at the English version of Twitter. I feel that Li Mu seems to be deliberately using Twitter and other resources in his hands to promote William. William's Twitter style has also changed very quickly. Now, half of it is about improving his personal opinions on the current British education system. I looked ahead and saw that the time when this content started to be pushed was when the Queen was meeting Li Mu. It seems that Li Mu is now deliberately helping the royal family promote Prince William."

"Tsk tsk …" Zhao Xianliang held his chin and smacked his lips. He sighed and said, "No wonder the British royal family gave Li Mu a GBE medal for the first time. It turns out that they are using this to pave the way for the prince's future!"

Xie Yun nodded and said, "The royal family's move is really brilliant. They took the initiative to express goodwill and an honor that cost nothing in exchange for resources from Li Mu."

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "I think it's Li Mu who is brilliant. This series of combination punches is obviously Li Mu's standard style. The British royal family knows more about the Internet than Li Mu. They definitely can't think of this set of operation."

Xie Yun nodded in agreement. "That makes sense."

Zhao Ziqiu originally wanted to act coquettishly to her mother and complain that she ignored her. However, when she heard them talking about Li Mu, she immediately walked around the dining table and came behind them. She asked anxiously, "Mom, what big thing did Li Mu do again?"

Only then did Xie Yun realize that her daughter had come. She turned her head and looked at her. She sighed and said with a smile, "I don't know what kind of monster your boyfriend is. It seems that he can calculate the whole world."

Zhao Ziqiu pulled a chair over and sat beside her obediently. She said coquettishly, "Mom, tell me, what did Li Mu do this time?"

Xie Yun did not answer her. Instead, she said, "Fortunately, I just called Li Mu's mother yesterday morning and invited her to Hangzhou. If I called her today, she would definitely think that my motive was not pure."

Zhao Xianliang hurriedly asked, "Did she agree?"

"Yes."

Xie Yun nodded with a smile and said, "It's mainly because she happened to be going to Ningcheng to sign a contract with a clothing company, so she temporarily decided to come to Hangzhou after signing the contract. I told her that when she set the time, I would send a driver to Ningcheng to pick her up."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Why didn't you tell me earlier?"

Xie Yun said casually, "The time has not been set, so there may be a lot of variables. I've been your assistant for so many years. When have I ever let you worry about uncertain things?"

Zhao Xianliang laughed and sighed. "The greatest success in my life is to marry a good wife!"

Xie Yun curled her lips and smiled. She said proudly, "You know yourself."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at the two of them with a depressed face and complained, "You two only know how to flirt. Until now, you haven't told me what Li Mu has done."

Zhao Xianliang handed over the newspaper with a smile and said, "It's written in detail. Read it yourself."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly took the newspaper. As soon as she saw that the front page was about Li Mu, she immediately read it carefully word by word.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang asked Xie Yun, "By the way, Li Mu's mother is going to Ningcheng to sign the contract. Will Li Mu's father come?"

Xie Yun said, "His mother seems to say that they might come together, but it's not certain yet."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "It would be good if his parents came. We can invite them to stay at home for a few more days. In my opinion, Li Mu should be back soon. At that time, we can directly let him fly to Hangzhou and stay at home. The two families might as well talk about the two children."

Xie Yun hesitated for a moment and said uncertainly, "Isn't it a little too early?

Li Mu's parents may not want him to fall in love now. It might be self-defeating. "