Chapter 965

After the Taobao celebration banquet, more than a billion people across the country were ready to welcome the National Day holiday.

Li Mu had long lost the concept of long holidays, so he didn't feel anything unusual. The core members of Makino Technology and Taobao were the same as Li Mu. In this critical era, no one was willing to give themselves a holiday.

In fact, once these core team members had a sense of ownership and clearly knew that they were now worth tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of yuan, no one was willing to give themselves a holiday.

Li Mu didn't give himself a holiday, but the National People's Congress, like Yan University and other universities across the country, gave its students a seven-day holiday.

Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu both had plans to go home. Su Yingxue temporarily planned to drive back to Haizhou with her aunt's family. She said that a cousin was getting married on National Day, and her aunt's family was also going back to attend the wedding. It was difficult to buy tickets for National Day, so they simply drove back together.

Zhao Ziqiu had previously said that she had booked a ticket home on National Day, but because she knew that Li Mu had too many important things to do recently, she had never told Li Mu which day it was, because she didn't want to disturb Li Mu.

At the end of the celebration banquet, Li Mu called Su Yingxue and asked her when she would leave tomorrow. Su Yingxue told him that her uncle, Wang Shaohua, had decided to leave at six o 'clock tomorrow morning, so that he could be sure to arrive in Haizhou before dark.

Li Mu told her to remind Wang Shaohua not to drive when he was driving for a long distance, and not to be in a hurry. Safety was the top priority.

Su Yingxue agreed with a smile and asked Li Mu, "Is your celebration banquet over?"

Li Mu said, "Not yet. It will probably be over after ten o 'clock."

Su Yingxue asked him, "Will you go back to Haizhou during the National Day holiday?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "Not necessarily. To be honest, I don't have the concept of holidays right now. If I go back, it depends on the situation at hand. If there's too much, I won't go back. If there's less, I'll find time to go back."

Su Yingxue said, "Then you must be very busy recently. Makino Technology and Taobao have seen a lot of big moves on the news."

Li Mu said helplessly, "There are indeed a lot of things to do on both sides. Recently, both are at a more critical stage."

As he spoke, Li Mu pulled the topic back from himself and said to Su Yingxue, "I won't be able to send you off if you leave so early tomorrow, but remember to text me when you leave. Also, remember to let me know where you're going."

Su Yingxue smiled slightly and said, "I know. I'll text you every time I go to a city tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "Okay, if there's nothing to do in two days, I'll try my best to go back."

"That's great," Su Yingxue said, "I've booked a berth on the eighth. Let's see if we can meet at home."

As she spoke, Su Yingxue said in a slightly disappointed voice, "Although it's very close to Yan Jing, you're too busy and don't have a chance to meet."

Li Mu subconsciously blurted out, "I'm sorry, it's really …"

Su Yingxue interrupted him with a smile, "Don't say sorry if it's nothing. I know you're busy. My uncle also told me that you have too many things to do. He told me not to be a little girl and to focus on the overall situation …"

Li Mu sighed softly and said, "After this period of time, when the major events on both sides are completed, I won't be so busy anymore."

Su Yingxue said, "I'm most worried about your health. I don't care about anything else. So although you're busy, you must pay attention to rest."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Su Yingxue said, "Then you continue with the celebration party. Xinran urged me to go to bed early. I have to get up at around five tomorrow morning."

"Okay, then go to bed early."

"Okay …"

Su Yingxue was silent on the other end of the phone for a moment. Before hanging up, she said to Li Mu, "Take care of yourself. Love you, okay?"

After that, Su Yingxue hung up the phone.

Li Mu, who was holding the phone, was a little absent-minded. Su Yingxue rarely showed such intimacy on the phone. As a result, her words of love and a kiss on the phone surprised Li Mu. On the other hand, Zhao Ziqiu and Chen Wan often expressed their intimacy and feelings on the phone without concealing it.

After hanging up the phone with Su Yingxue, Li Mu thought of Zhao Ziqiu and Chen Wan and suddenly felt melancholy.

After he succeeded in his career, he also changed a lot. He was more and more confused about what kind of feelings he needed now. He didn't even know whether he really needed feelings now. As a result, his relationships with the three women weren't as good as he wanted.

Sometimes, Li Mu would also worry about these three women. He always felt that the current way of maintaining the current relationship wouldn't last long. However, if Li Mu had to rank the priorities, he couldn't sort out a relationship at all. Because of these three women, no matter which one it was, to him, they were all equally important and indispensable.

At present, Zhao Ziqiu and Chen Wan didn't seem to care about his other relationship problems, but Su Yingxue was different from them. She was still in the dark about everything. If the matter was exposed one day, how could he explain it to her?

He didn't have the courage to be an absolutely strong and domineering CEO in terms of relationships. He also didn't have the determination to be a pure scumbag in terms of relationships. This was also the fundamental reason why Li Mu worried about women.

Just as he was sighing, Zhao Ziqiu sent a message. "Are you done with work?"

Li Mu: "Not yet, but soon. Are you flying home tomorrow?"

Zhao Ziqiu: "Originally, but it's changed now. My parents are coming to Beijing, and they won't let me go back."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Uncle and Auntie are coming to Beijing?

When are they arriving? "

"Tomorrow afternoon. My dad said that he has something to do, so he might have to stay in Beijing for a few days."

After sending this message, Zhao Ziqiu added another one. "Oh right, my dad asked me to ask if you are in Beijing these few days. If you are, he wants to meet you and have a chat."

Li Mu didn't know why Zhao Xianliang came to Beijing at this time, but as Zhao Ziqiu's father, he was naturally his elder. Moreover, he was a senior who had taught him a lot of practical experience. Since he said that he wanted to meet him, he definitely couldn't refuse.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "How about this, I'll arrange for tomorrow night to welcome Uncle and Auntie."

"Tomorrow night can't be. They have an appointment. My dad said that he wants to eat with some leaders from the ministry."

Li Mu said, "Alright then, I should be in Beijing these few days. It depends on Uncle and Auntie's schedule."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "If they come tomorrow, we'll stay at Ziyun Villa. At that time, we can be neighbors for a few days."

Li Mu: "Ziyun Villa is a bit far from the company. I haven't lived there for a while. Recently, I've been living near the company."