Chapter 763

At the end of the interview, Li Mu's family of three was silent for a long time.

Li Mu did not speak, nor did Papa Lee and Li Ma.

Li Mu's mind was in a mess, filled with all kinds of emotions. It was extremely complicated.

On the one hand, he knew that from now on, it was impossible to do things and make money in a low-key manner. He did not know if he could quickly adapt to becoming a public figure all of a sudden.

On the other hand, he also felt that the burden on his shoulders was exceptionally heavy. He had said too much in front of the cameras of Central TV. If he wanted to fulfill his promise step by step, it was like operating a super-heavy asset project. The pressure was really great.

Moreover, Li Mu was also very aware that he might have to break all his ways of living and start all over again.

In the future, he would be a well-known billionaire all over the country, and he would be the center of attention wherever he went. This meant that he had to be like a star. Not only did he have to think about avoiding the public's attention in his daily life, but he also had to pay attention to his public image at all times.

Could he still go to school?

Even if he could go, he wouldn't be able to swagger around like he did in the past.

Could he still go out to have a meal, go shopping, or go on a date?

Even if no one gossiped about him, he had to think about his own personal safety. It was not that he did not understand the principle of a tall tree attracting the wind. People in Hua Xia were particular about not showing their wealth, but once they did, the first thing they had to think about was their own personal safety.

Li Mu even thought about whether it was suitable for his parents to return to Haizhou given the current situation.

For safety reasons, it was certainly not suitable for them to return to Hai Province. However, for them, half of their lives had been in Hai Province. All their relatives, friends, and social circles were also in Hai Province. Should they sacrifice everything and stay in Yan Jing with their son, who was so busy that he couldn't even find the north?

That was not realistic.

When Li Mu decided to invest in the Metersbonway specialty store for his parents, he had secretly vowed that he would not let his parents make sacrifices for him. He would not let his parents be forced to give up everything they had managed just because he had stepped forward.

His parents' ambition was to open a high-end shopping mall in Haizhou. Although it was not worth mentioning compared to their own business, it must be very meaningful for them.

So, how could they guarantee their safety after returning to Haizhou?

Li Mu suddenly felt that he should take some time to go back to Haizhou. It would be best if he could directly meet with the core leadership of the municipal government, such as going back to donate to a school or something. He would definitely inform the municipal government in advance. Then, he could privately mention the safety of his parents in Haizhou. If the municipal government of Haizhou spent some effort to protect his parents' safety, there should be no big problem in a small place like Haizhou.

In addition, Li Mu also wanted Song Liang to give up a part of the interests of the real estate business in Haizhou to Zhang Wanjun so that he could completely control him. Although Zhang Wanjun had an underworld background, he had a wide network and many subordinates. If he could also contribute, the safety of his parents would be more guaranteed.

The last one was the Magic Sword Brigade. Li Mu was wondering if he should find Shi Xuesong, the uncle of Du Wei who was in charge of the Magic Sword Brigade, and hire two powerful people. He could pay them a high salary and let them go to Haizhou to secretly protect his parents 24 hours a day.

The family of three was thinking about their own things. After a long silence, a sob broke the silence.

Li Mu looked in the direction of the sound and found that his mother's eyes were red. She was looking down at her own hands, tears dripping down.

Li Mu looked in the direction of the voice and found that his mother's eyes were red. She was looking down at her own hands and tears were dripping down.

Papa Lee silently held Li Ma in his arms and reached out to gently stroke Li Ma's back. Only then did Li Mu find that his father's eyes were also red and full of tears.

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Mom, Dad, you …"

Before he could finish his words, Li Ma hurriedly wiped her tears, sniffed twice, and said with a gratified smile, "I'm happy. My son is promising. He's so promising. I never dared to dream that my son could have today's achievements in my life …"

Father Li also nodded and sighed with emotion. "Smoke is rising from the ancestral graves. You are really a troublemaker. If you are given a few more years, won't you give your parents a heart attack?"

Li Mu's heart ached. He got up, squatted in front of his parents, grabbed their hands with both hands, and said with a smile while holding back his tears, "Haven't I told you long ago? The road is different, so the way we go is different. With 30,000 yuan, we are a family of three. With 300,000 yuan, we are still a family of three. Even if we have 30 billion yuan or 300 billion yuan in the future, we are still a family of three. No matter what the road is, no matter how we go, we will go together as a family of three. You two should calm down and let nature take its course."

Papa Lee nodded repeatedly, feeling much more at ease. Li Mu's hundreds of millions of yuan was not only exciting to them, but also stressful and inexplicable worry. However, Li Mu's words were very convincing. No matter what the road was, they would go together as a family of three. Why think so much?

The family of three then beamed with joy. The news channel was going to replay "Face to Face" at 11: 30 pm. Papa Lee and Li Ma both wanted to watch it again. Li Mu could not persuade them, so he could only persuade them to go back to their room to take a shower and watch the replay on the bed in the bedroom. It was much better than sitting in the living room.

When Papa Lee and Li Ma heard that, they got up and went upstairs to their room without another word, leaving Li Mu alone in the living room downstairs.

His parents went back to their room and turned off their phones. Li Mu could finally have some peace and quiet. He walked out of the villa and stood in the yard for a while. It was almost the beginning of autumn, but the weather was still hot. Fortunately, it was much cooler outside in the middle of the night.

Li Mu lay on the rattan chair in the courtyard of his villa for a long time. Surprisingly, his mind was not thinking about anything. From the day he was reborn until now, Li Mu's brain had been running at high speed almost all the time except when he was sleeping. He was thinking about development, planning, opponents, and strategies. To be able to sit alone on a cool rattan chair on a quiet night like now and let his mind go and look at the stars was something that had never happened before.

Late at night, Wei Lan made another call to her father on the other side of the ocean. Her father's evaluation of Li Mu was surprisingly high, but Wei Lan did not find it strange. This was Li Mu's charm. He could make the listener surrender without saying a word of exaggeration. Wei Lan was one of them. It was not an exaggeration to say that even her daughter's heart, which had been buried for a long time, had surrendered to him. Wei Jun was originally very worried about Wei Lan staying in the country alone for three years.

Wei Jun was originally worried that Wei Lan would have to endure three years alone in the country. He was a criminal, and if he wanted to be free, he couldn't return to the country. If the court sentenced him to bear criminal responsibility in the future, then there would be no chance for him to return. His health wasn't too good, and he needed his wife to be by his side all the time. In other words, for the next three years, the old couple couldn't come to the country to accompany Wei Lan.

Wei Jun was also worried that Wei Lan would be wronged in the next three years. The contract signed was that she could only get 800 million yuan in cash after three years. During these three years, Wei Lan would have to work hard for Wan Ying. The society was dangerous, and his daughter was so outstanding. He was too worried that she would be wronged.

However, today's interview made him completely relieved. Although he also missed Wei Lan and hoped that she could be by his side, after seeing the shocking interview of Li Mu, he immediately realized that this was the best opportunity in his daughter's life. To be able to learn, edify, and hone with a person like Li Mu was much better than being with a layman in real estate like him. After three years, perhaps Wei Lan's ability would be improved and transformed by leaps and bounds.

Wei Lan apologized to her parents in tears. She said that she might have to devote herself to work in the future. The United States was too far away, and it might be difficult for her to have enough time to accompany them.

However, on the other end of the phone, her parents happily comforted her. "We are only in our early fifties. We are in the prime of our lives. You should work hard in the next few years. When we really become old people in our sixties or seventies, it won't be too late for you to accompany us."

Wei Jun was a Buddhist and said earnestly, "Opportunities are more important than companionship right now. You and Li Mu are destined to be together. He also saved our family at the critical moment and gave you a broader space for development. Maybe this person was arranged by Buddha to help you. This is a great opportunity."

Wei Lan nodded repeatedly and cried silently. "Dad, I understand."

…

Behind the calm night, the earthquake caused by Li Mu had just begun.

Through this interview, Li Mu had accidentally brought five extraordinary huge impacts to five groups of society.

The first was the group of women.

Almost all women from the age of 14 to 34 regarded Li Mu as their ideal partner. Countless women's posts emerged on Li Mu's Tieba. Most of them had one core: I want to marry Li Mu.

The second was the group of young people.

A large number of young people who did not go to university were determined to enter the Internet industry. A large number of young people who had already gone to university or had dropped out of school were determined to start preparing to enter the Internet industry. There was also a large number of people who were already working in the non-Internet industry. All they could think about was how to jump ship to work in the Internet industry.

There was also the group of middle-aged and elderly people.

Almost all the middle-aged and elderly people sighed with emotion after getting to know Li Mu. "Why don't I have a son like him? When will my son become a talent like Li Mu?" At the same time, the parents of all the young people were quietly changing their views on the social class. This was because they found that the Internet, which they did not want their children to touch, actually contained such great significance. It could actually create an unprecedented and outstanding young man like Li Mu in just over a year. They no longer saw the Internet as a tiger, leopard, and jackal. Some of them even thought about whether they should buy their children a computer so that they could avoid the complicated environment of Internet cafes and contact and understand the Internet at home.

Other than these three types of ordinary people, there were also people in the same industry who were deeply influenced by Li Mu.

On the show, Li Mu analyzed his development in the Internet industry in detail. A small music website quickly played a role from a single point to a whole area. With the momentum of a single spark, it quickly set the prairie ablaze. It made people realize that Li Mu had a heaven-defying advantage in the Internet industry.

Vision was awesome!

Awareness was awesome!

Product thinking was awesome!

Development thinking was awesome!

Ecological closed-loop was awesome!

Strategic deployment was awesome!

Every point was worthy of people in the same industry to calm down and seriously study and learn.

In addition, a new Internet industry concept was born, and that was O2O.

The concept of O2O, which was only proposed in 2011, became Li Mu's original work after he proposed it on the show. Li Mu's title of "Father of O2O" was firmly established.

This was also the first new model proposed by an Internet person like Hua Xia in the world's Internet industry. It also fired the first shot of the Chinese people influencing the Internet world.

Finally, the people who were deeply influenced by Li Mu were the media.

Positive energy!

These three short words simply made the media people slap the table and cry out in amazement!

No, it was far from being enough to slap the table and cry out in amazement. It even made every media person so excited that they had goosebumps all over their bodies!

For so many years, the media had racked their brains and used all their imagination to call on the people to follow the Three Obediences and Four Virtues, Five Stresses and Four Beauties, and Eight Honors and Eight Shames. Countless media people had written countless seemingly awesome articles, but in the end, they were smashed to pieces by Li Mu's "positive energy" tonight.

The brilliance of the word "positive energy" was simply the common gospel for the media people!

And on this night, it was not only the people and the media that were shocked by the concept of "positive energy" …