Chapter 525

Before the Chinese New Year, when she sent Zhao Ziqiu to the airport, Zhao Ziqiu had told Li Mu that she had the best gift for him when he went to Hangzhou during the Chinese New Year.

Li Mu naturally knew what the best gift was, and deep down, he yearned for it. However, at that time, he didn't understand it. Even if Zhao Ziqiu didn't complain, he didn't dare to do it rashly. However, when he was in a trance on the overpass in Zhongguancun, the overlapping of two lives made Li Mu understand how precious it was to live again. It also made him more greedy. As long as he liked it, he wanted it, and that included Zhao Ziqiu.

What made Li Mu feel ashamed was that Zhao Ziqiu was the one who took the initiative to do many things between him and her. Putting the past aside, tomorrow was his birthday. She knew that he had a date with his roommates, so she planned to stay up with him on Chinese New Year. She even tried her best to trick him into getting into her car and into this villa that he didn't know where. Her intention touched Li Mu's heart, and it strengthened his belief: no matter what, he couldn't let her down …

With the delicate body in his arms and the dark environment that was not affected by the outside world at all, Li Mu could hardly restrain himself.

Therefore, while kissing her passionately, Li Mu panted and asked for her birthday gift. The meaning of his words was very clear. This time, he didn't want to miss it!

Zhao Ziqiu had been preparing for this for half a year. When she heard Li Mu ask about the gift, she whispered, "Such a big birthday gift is standing in front of you. Can't you see it?"

Li Mu picked her up in the dark, raised his head to kiss her, and then gently bit her small earlobe. Feeling the body in his arms tremble unconsciously, Li Mu said in a low voice, "It's too dark here, so dark that I can't see my birthday gift. Besides, the gift is wrapped in clothes. Tell me where the bedroom is, I want to unwrap it now."

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu's lips moved down along Zhao Ziqiu's smooth neck, and gently pressed on Zhao Ziqiu's bulging collarbone.

Zhao Ziqiu was afraid that she would collapse in Li Mu's arms, so she subconsciously reached out to cover her sensitive collarbone and said softly, "There's a bedroom at the corner of the stairs on the first floor. Carry me there …"

Li Mu's eyes had already adapted to the darkness. Using the dim light, he found the stairs and then found a door at the corner of the stairs. Without asking Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu directly pushed the door open and walked in. Faint moonlight seeped through the gauze curtain, and Li Mu immediately saw the luxurious European-style bed that was two meters wide.

Li Mu gently placed Zhao Ziqiu on the bed, and reached out to turn on the warm bedside lamp. As soon as the light was turned on, Li Mu saw that Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face was as red as a peach blossom, even to her neck. Her eyes were shy but full of affection. After a lightning-fast gaze, she hurriedly turned her face away, not daring to look at him.

Li Mu propped his knees on the bed, and his lips wandered wantonly between Zhao Ziqiu's lips and collarbone. His hands, which had long been impatient, also moved up the inside of her clothes, passing through her smooth and hot skin. He was ready to once again conquer her pair of peaks that could be called the masterpiece of the Creator.

Zhao Ziqiu felt Li Mu's hands around her back and untied the metal hook. She also felt Li Mu's hands revisiting the old place, but this time, Li Mu was obviously not satisfied with just revisiting the old place. Like a predator, Li Mu took away her clothes piece by piece, and slowly conquered the holy territory that she had guarded for many years.

Zhao Ziqiu was particularly nervous, but she was also full of expectations for what would happen next. For her, a girl's most precious first time was important, but if she couldn't give the most precious thing to the person she loved the most, she was afraid that she would regret it for the rest of her life.

She didn't know how long Li Mu would accompany her in the future, nor did she know in what way he would accompany her. After all, he was too outstanding. In the future, he would definitely meet countless good women who would fall in love with him. Perhaps one day in the future, he would meet a better confidante, gradually alienate her and slowly erase her from his memory. But it didn't matter, because she loved this man. She only lived once in her life. Only by giving everything to him, she would not feel regret in the future.

Li Mu peeled off all the restraints that wrapped around Zhao Ziqiu little by little. When the last piece of lace was about to be peeled off, Zhao Ziqiu shyly begged Li Mu, "Can you turn off the light first?"

"No."

Li Mu shook his head firmly, "This is the best birthday gift I've received in my life. I don't want to miss any details."

Zhao Ziqiu's face was so red that it almost dripped blood. Although she was extremely shy, she still nodded gently, as if letting him do whatever he wanted. She reminded him softly, "It's almost twelve o 'clock. I wish you a happy birthday."

"I can't be happier anymore …" Li Mu said passionately. At the same time, he bent down and kissed her red lips and cheeks. At the same time, he gently, bit by bit, and completely occupied the number one goddess in the hearts of countless boys in Yan University …

When Zhao Ziqiu's intoxicating breath arrived, Li Mu's phone in his trouser pocket began to receive all kinds of text messages. One after another, it rang non-stop for nearly ten minutes.

Li Mu ignored all the text messages. At this moment, he only had eyes for Zhao Ziqiu, who was immersed in his rhythm, and it was the same for Zhao Ziqiu. In her eyes, there was only the man who brought her pain, joy, worship, and happiness. She hugged him tightly, gasping for breath, and said, "I want you to think of me at the midnight of every birthday in the future."

"I'll remember tonight for the rest of my life!"

…

After two sexual encounters, Li Mu temporarily let go of Zhao Ziqiu. Zhao Ziqiu, who was exhausted, leaned into Li Mu's arms and asked him softly, "You won't go back tonight, will you?"

Li Mu hugged her lightly and said, "I won't go anywhere tonight."

Zhao Ziqiu was relieved. She rubbed against Li Mu's arms like a spoiled kitten and said, "I suddenly feel that you didn't go to Hangzhou during the winter break."

Li Mu asked her, "Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu smiled shyly and said, "Not only did I not go to Hangzhou, but I also did it at Yanan's house last time. My period also came at the right time. Everything was to prepare for today. Today is your 20th birthday. It's perfect for this to happen today."

Li Mu nodded. He didn't say anything, but he hugged her even tighter. He also felt that the transition from 19 to 20 was perfect beyond imagination.

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It took a lot of effort to trick you here today. I knew that you were drinking with Zhengdao and the others at home, so I was afraid that you would drink too much. I was also afraid that they would stay at your place or drag you back to your dorm, so I waited downstairs for the whole night. I was only relieved when I saw you come down to send them off."

Li Mu said, "They left after ten, and you waited in the car for an hour?"

"Yeah."

Zhao Ziqiu turned over and looked at Li Mu with her big watery eyes. She said with a smile, "What if I trick you to come over after 10 o 'clock? We can't just stare at each other in bed until 12 o' clock, can we?

If it happened before twelve, it wouldn't be so perfect. "

"Obsessive-Compulsive disorder. You really are a Virgo!"

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. He thought of all the jokes about Virgo on Weibo in his previous life and suddenly felt that Virgo women were actually quite cute.

Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu in surprise, "What's wrong with Virgo?

What's obsessive-compulsive disorder? "

Only then did Li Mu remember that the jokes about obsessive-compulsive disorder and Virgo hadn't become popular yet, so he said with a smile, "Some people say that Virgos are perfectionists. It's completely confirmed by you."

Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "It's true. The timing is just right. I accompanied you from June 5th to June 6th. The meaning is even more special …"

Li Mu looked straight at her and asked, "How did you accompany me?"

Zhao Ziqiu was embarrassed by Li Mu's direct question. She buried her head in Li Mu's arms and said, "Why did you ask me if you know it yourself?"

"I don't know. Tell me, how did you accompany me?"

"I won't say!"

"If you won't say it, then accompany me like that again."

"No … Aiya … En …"

…

When Li Mu opened his eyes, it was already late in the morning. Zhao Ziqiu was still sleeping soundly in his arms. Li Mu glanced at the European-style wall clock on the wall. It was already 11 o 'clock in the morning. Maybe it was because he tossed and turned too much last night that he slept a little too much.

Looking at Zhao Ziqiu who was sleeping soundly like a baby in his arms, Li Mu's heart was almost overflowing with satisfaction. If he hadn't been reborn, he probably wouldn't have had any interaction with her in his life. Now, she became the first woman after his rebirth. On his 20th birthday, she dedicated everything to him.

The bedsheet thrown on the ground was bright red. The eye-catching and bright color made Li Mu's sense of achievement reach its peak. Men worshipped strength, power, and wealth. These were all preferences that men actively or passively honed in society. But men only worshipped women from the bottom of their hearts. Therefore, for Li Mu, there was almost nothing more satisfying than possessing and conquering a perfect woman like Zhao Ziqiu.

At this time, the phone in Li Mu's trouser pocket began to vibrate. He gently moved Zhao Ziqiu's hand away and quietly got off the bed. He picked up his trousers from the ground and took out his phone. It was Liu Yidong calling.

As soon as Li Mu answered the phone, Liu Yidong asked him, "Big Brother, Taobao will be online today. Why are you still playing the missing game?"

Li Mu quietly walked out of the bedroom and said, "Last night, I drank with a few friends to celebrate my birthday. I drank too much and just woke up."

Liu Yidong smiled helplessly and said, "It's good to be young. Don't you have things to do at night? If you go online at eight, you definitely won't be able to keep an eye on the company, right?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Everything has been arranged. When you go online, I won't be at the company to keep an eye on the company with you."

Liu Yidong said, "Then take some time in the afternoon to come over. At such a critical time, if you're not there, everyone will feel a little leaderless."

Li Mu said, "Aren't you the general manager? Isn't it fine with you here?"

Liu Yidong said, "The key is that I also feel like a leaderless dragon!"

"Damn." Li Mu said, "Then I'll go over in the afternoon."

"Then I'll wait for you."