Chapter 676

When Li Mu started his business on the Easy Listening website, every step he took was very steady. Every step he took was steady and steady. He rarely made rash moves and rarely bit off more than he could chew. Before today, he had never seriously considered how to promote YY to the world. But today, he suddenly thought of the importance of innovation. He also suddenly realized that to do the Internet, not only did he have to innovate in the product itself, but he also had to make breakthroughs in the operation and layout.

Hua Xia had a large population and the world's largest homogenous user group. As a result, many Hua Xia Internet companies started their business with a huge gold mine. Most Internet entrepreneurs felt that as long as they could gain a foothold in the Hua Xia market, even if their business was successful, they would not have to worry about anything in the future. It was this characteristic that made it destined that very few Hua Xia Internet companies could make their own products into global products.

The two most powerful Internet companies in Hua Xia, Tengxun and Ali, did not make a global product or build a global platform. In the era of the mobile Internet, the entire Hua Xia had only one global app. This app was WeChat, but WeChat was not truly global.

In Li Mu's view, globalization was a kind of ambition and a kind of strategy. ICQ and MSN were both global products, but QQ, which later crushed them and created an empire with a market value of more than 200 billion US dollars, did not become a global product. The fundamental reason was that QQ's entire development process revolved around the Hua Xia market. It never thought about how to build its own product into a global super product.

Although the development speed of WeChat was eye-catching, WeChat did not really enter the global market in the field of instant messaging. Its competitors were Facebook and Whatsapp. The latter two were global products in the Internet field. Their users covered nearly 200 countries around the world, and their influence was far greater than WeChat.

Because Hua Xia Internet did not produce a global product in his previous life, Li Mu suddenly had a strong impulse in his heart. He wanted to build YY into a truly global instant messaging software!

Kong Lingyu had not considered this problem on a global scale before, so when Li Mu asked this question, he felt a little confused. He frowned and thought for a long time, but he could not think of how to answer Li Mu's question.

Li Mu saw Kong Lingyu's worried face and said, "There is no standard answer to this question, so you don't have to worry or worry. Think about it slowly. It doesn't matter if you can't think of an answer."

When Kong Lingyu heard this, he relaxed a little. He thought carefully for a moment and said, "Li Zong, I think first of all, we have never paid attention to the overseas market. Second, we have never studied the real needs of overseas users for instant messaging software."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I just thought about it, and I agree with the two points you said. I was thinking about how our YY can compete with overseas instant messaging software, such as MSN and ICQ."

Kong Lingyu said, "So if we want to make QQ global, we still have to understand the needs of overseas users."

Li Mu said, "It is too difficult to study the needs of overseas users. The more needs you understand, the easier it is to lose your original intention in product development. In my opinion, if we want to be global now, we should first determine our competitors, and then make targeted product adjustments based on the current situation of our competitors. Just like how we defeated QQ. QQ is very strong, and everyone thinks that its product is impregnable, but as long as we study it thoroughly, it is not a problem to break through its defenses. For example, in the beginning, we felt that QQ's biggest advantage was the connections that users built on it, so we used Happy Farm to copy and strengthen the users' connections. Then, we pushed our new product to the users, so that they could directly obtain a stronger and more complete connection than on QQ. This allowed the users to achieve a smooth transition. This is the root of our success."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "In the current international market, we have two direct competitors: MSN and ICQ. We also have two indirect competitors: email and phone. The first two are instant messaging software. Their core services are the same as ours, but the latter two are the most common ways of communication between people.

First, carefully analyze what advantages and disadvantages we have against MSN and ICQ now? "

Kong Lingyu thought for a moment and said, "The advantage should be our product itself. Our various functions and user experience far surpass these two software. As for the disadvantage, it should be the foundation of our connections. Overseas users are used to these two software. If they switch to our product, the user cost will be too high."

"That's right."

Li Mu said, "Our Happy Farm has been constantly upgraded and updated. Now, it is a very large world structure, a lot of elements, and a very playable business game. If we develop a multi-language version of this game and then push this game to the overseas market, do you think there will be an effect of gathering connections?"

Kong Lingyu said confidently, "There will definitely be an effect!"

“OK。”

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then, let's start with this step to test the waters. We'll develop a multi-language version of the Happy Farm, and then advertise it on various international portals to see how the users in the overseas market respond."

Kong Lingyu immediately said, "Then I will arrange this work today."

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is one aspect. On the other hand, our own core products also need to be further improved. As I said just now, we can't develop products for every different group, but we can develop and design product functions based on the common characteristics of users. MSN and ICQ, as instant messaging software, only satisfy the information interaction between users, but they have not implemented the group chat function. However, the YY group proves one point: humans are social animals. Even on the Internet, people need group social interaction, not just one-to-one social interaction. So this is the advantage of our product."

“

"In addition, our team is also developing more advanced streaming media technology. Soon, our YY will be able to support group video and voice calls on the basis of the current bandwidth. This technology will be the industry's leading streaming media solution. It will be another huge advantage for us in satisfying the fundamental needs of our users. Not only will we surpass our two direct competitors, but we will also surpass our potential competitors' phones. At the moment, it is still very difficult to achieve multi-person calls, let alone multi-person video calls."

"In addition, our competitors also have email. At the moment, our YY doesn't have our own email account. I think it's time to develop an email account and integrate it into YY. This way, we'll be able to distance ourselves from our competitors."

Kong Lingyu said, "There's also the function that you mentioned just now. This is definitely very useful for business people."

Li Mu said, "You're right, the function of file transfer between users has optimized the file transfer experience between users. Tieba and YY games may not be able to reach the fundamental needs of overseas users, but the file transfer function is definitely one of the inevitable needs of all netizens. If this function is developed, it will also be a major advantage of our product."

After a pause, Li Mu said, "Improving and equipping ourselves with the fundamental needs of users is what I really want.

Americans have their own special habits and needs, Japanese have their own special habits and needs, Germans have Germans, and French have French … Americans are passionate and flamboyant, Japanese are low-key and introverted, Germans are strict and rigid, and French are wanton and romantic. These different groups have different characteristics and different needs. These different needs are actually deeply customized needs. We can't provide solutions to their deeply customized needs one by one, but as long as we grasp the common needs of their users, we can attract all of them and make our YY truly a world-class software. "

Kong Lingyu said, "I understand what you mean, Li Zong. From the perspective of looking at users' needs, we have to look at the fundamental common points of users."

Li Mu asked him again, "Then can you sort out the general process now?

Which step should we take first? Which step should we take? "

Kong Lingyu nodded and said, "The first step is to develop the multi-language version of Happy Farm. At the same time, I'll immediately send people to build servers in America, Canada, Japan, England, France, and Germany, which have a large number of netizens. Once the multi-language version is developed, we'll immediately go online in these countries. I'll contact the marketing resources in advance, and once it's online, we'll simultaneously promote it."

"While the Happy Farm line is being pushed forward, I'll urge the technical department to develop and test the new product functions of YY itself, especially the three major aspects that you just mentioned: group video and group voice, email, and file transfer."

Li Mu nodded. "It's very difficult to make a global product, but the global influence is also something that local Internet companies can't compare with. Look at Yahoo now, and look at Sina. These two platforms are on completely different levels in terms of strength and influence. YY is the only product that can possibly go global at the moment. If it can achieve this goal, then the influence of Makino Technology in the world will be unprecedentedly increased."

As he spoke, Li Mu looked at Kong Lingyu and said, "I'll leave this task to you for the time being. We'll set a deadline of three months. I hope that within three months, you can finish the points and two lines that you've just sorted out. If I'm satisfied with your progress after three months, you'll continue to be in charge of this project. If I'm not satisfied, then I'll replace someone else or take over personally."

Kong Lingyu immediately said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I'll definitely do my best."

Li Mu said, "This is very important. You must do your best!"