Chapter 1660

In the Rolling Stones' recording studio, Du Wei and the Rolling Stones' recording band recorded the song "21 Guns" in less than a day.

Everyone involved in the recording, including Du Wei and Li Mu, was very satisfied with the recording effect.

In Li Mu's opinion, she only needed to record the song two or three times to cut out a perfect version, but Du Wei had high requirements for herself. She kept adjusting her state and emotions when singing over and over again, so that the song really reached a perfect state.

The rough cut demo was already perfect to Li Mu, but the recording master told Li Mu that the instruments in the demo had not been post-processed. It still seemed a little rough, and the timbre was not full and mellow enough. After post-processing, the overall quality of the song would be improved.

Li Mu was in a band when he was in college. After his rebirth, he went to the recording studio a lot and came into contact with some behind-the-scenes production of music. The recording master was so refined that many ordinary people might not be able to hear the difference between the demo and the refined version, but for real music fans, real musicians, and music critics, they could hear the difference between the two in one or two seconds.

However, the current music industry was not as smart as the future, and the post-processing work was slow, so it would take at least a few days to solve the final version.

Li Mu couldn't wait to send the demo of the song to Spielberg, who was still doing the final finishing work in Yun Province.

Spielberg had just finished a full day of filming and returned to his RV. This RV was specially shipped over from the United States. Most of the time, when he went out to shoot outdoor scenes, he preferred to live in his RV. It was luxuriously decorated and had everything. Compared to the military tents, it was really much better.

Hollywood stars and directors were commercialized earlier, and their business model matured earlier. Their general income was much higher than that of domestic actors. At the current stage of Hollywood, a big star's salary was often millions or even tens of millions of dollars, and the director's salary was also astonishingly high. Therefore, the entire Hollywood A-list people were basically high-income groups.

It was precisely because of their high income that their daily filming was also very extravagant. The main actors in a movie basically had their own limousine. Sometimes, when a movie was filmed outdoors, there would be dozens of limousines parked next to the production studio. However, although this extravagance was very extravagant, Hollywood actors were generally more dedicated. These high-standard expenses were basically borne by the actors themselves and would not be imposed on their pay.

Spielberg's RV cost more than a million dollars, and the interior was as luxurious as a five-star hotel. Not only did it have all kinds of luxurious furniture and electrical facilities, but it also had a special satellite phone and Internet service.

Spielberg was resting on a comfortable single-seater sofa when he suddenly received a call from Li Mu. On the phone, Li Mu said to him, "Steven, what are you up to?"

Spielberg hurriedly said with a smile, "I'm drinking Bordeaux red wine. Drinking a glass before going to bed every day can greatly ensure the quality of my sleep."

Then, Spielberg asked curiously, "Mr. Li, why are you calling me so late at night?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's not an order. I just want to tell you that the demo of the theme song has come out. I've sent it to your email. You can listen to it if it's convenient."

"Really?!"

Spielberg sat up excitedly and said, "I've been waiting for this theme song of yours for a long time!

I'll listen to it now. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Listen to it. If there's anything you're not satisfied with, tell me and I'll make adjustments."

Spielberg said with a smile, "Li Zong, you always strive for perfection. The fact that you can release this song proves that it has passed your test. I think this song must be very good."

Although he said this politely, Spielberg was really a little nervous about the theme song prepared by Li Mu.

Spielberg's movies had always been driven by the three core elements of high-end, atmosphere, and quality. Therefore, from the actors to the behind-the-scenes, he basically used a luxurious lineup. The same was true for the soundtrack. He had very high requirements for the soundtrack and theme song of the movie. The master composers he used were basically the top in Hollywood. The singers and songs he chose were also very exquisite. If Li Mu really brought a second-rate song and asked him to use it as the theme song of the movie, it would be really uncomfortable.

Moreover, Spielberg was more worried that Li Mu would bring out a Chinese song. In his opinion, it would be really disappointing. In his eyes, English songs were the most suitable for global promotion. Moreover, the movie itself was also under the label of Hollywood and distributed to the world from Hollywood. Therefore, in this case, if the movie really chose a Chinese song, it would have some impact on the global distribution of the movie.

Therefore, after saying a few polite words to Li Mu and hanging up the phone, the first thing he did was to quickly take out his computer and open his mailbox.

There were a few unread emails in the mailbox. The latest one was from Li Mu.

The title was: "21 Guns Demo."

The name of the song made Spielberg feel a little relieved. He immediately clicked to download it. It took him a few minutes to download the music, which was more than 20 MB in size.

After clicking on the music, the inamp in the computer immediately started, added the song to the demo list and began to play it.

The prelude of "21 Guns" was played by the guitarist who controlled the volume knob of the guitar rhythmically, playing a gradually stronger and weaker tone. Using this method, it would create a melodious feeling. This simple and practical method made Spielberg feel like a flag fluttering in the breeze. His heart suddenly became a little immersed.

Immediately, the sweeping tone of another acoustic guitar cut in. Then, Du Wei's pure and beautiful voice softly sang under the accompaniment of the guitar.

Just hearing the first sentence, "You know what you are fighting for, and you know it is worth your life", Spielberg felt goosebumps all over his body.

This sentence, whether it was Du Wei's voice or the lyrics, captured Spielberg's heart.

There was one point where Spielberg and Li Mu's views were completely consistent.

In his and Li Mu's eyes, the war itself was not worthy of praise, but in the Second World War, all those who threw themselves into the war for justice and peace deserved to be remembered and praised with the most beautiful language in the world and the highest respect.

Therefore, when he heard Li Mu's version of "21 Guns", which supported the just war and praised the just war, he was completely moved by this song.

And he had no idea that the song that Li Mu changed was actually an anti-war song.

As the song entered the chorus, Spielberg listened to it with tears in his eyes.

The arrangement of "21 Guns" was not gorgeous. There were no complex chords, no grand arrangement, and no piano or orchestral instruments. It only used the three main parts of a rock band: guitar, bass, and drums. However, such simple chords and arrangements created an unprecedented solemnity and emotion.

After listening to it once, Spielberg couldn't help but clap his hands and cheer. This song swept away all his previous worries. It became the perfect theme song in his mind after only listening to it once.

Spielberg, who was so excited, couldn't help but listen to it again. As a result, he accidentally fell into a state of single loop, unable to extricate himself.

Half an hour had passed. Spielberg excitedly picked up his mobile phone and called Li Mu. As soon as he opened his mouth, he said with a trembling voice, "Mr. Li, this song is great!

It's really great! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "As long as you are satisfied."

Spielberg said, "I'm more than satisfied. It's simply beyond my expectations!

I believe that if this song is released in the United States, Du Wei can even get a Grammy! "

Li Mu thought that the original singer of this song, Green Day, had won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album because of the album of this song. This "21 Guns" could be said to be the most popular song on the album, so Li Mu himself felt that it was normal for this song to win a Grammy.

However, Du Wei was not a singer who was developing in the United States, so she had not even released an English album. If she participated in the Grammy, the success rate was not high. However, in Li Mu's view, once "21 Guns" became popular around the world, he could at least fight for a Grammy performance for Du Wei first, and then slowly make her win an award at the Grammy.

Unexpectedly, before Li Mu said anything, Spielberg said, "The Grammy Awards are in February every year. Our movie is expected to start publicity in November and be released in December. As long as the publicity starts, we will start to promote this song and pave the way for the influence of Du Wei and this song in advance. Then I will make some arrangements to let Du Wei appear on the stage of the Grammy Awards."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Stephen, you and I are thinking the same thing. My idea is to let Du Wei appear on the stage of the Grammy Awards as a guest, so that the Western people can familiarize themselves with it in advance. When the next Grammy Awards is held, we will fight for her to win a few awards."

Spielberg said, "I can't guarantee anything else, but I will definitely fulfill my promise as a guest performer at the Grammy Awards. I believe that this song will definitely be a hit. As one of the female leads of" Flying Tigers "and the singer of this song, Du Wei will definitely become the most famous female star in the West, Hua Xia!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Then I will entrust this matter to you."

Spielberg said without hesitation, "Don't worry, Mr. Li. I will definitely do what I say!"

Li Mu hung up the phone with Spielberg. Du Wei just came out of the post-production room. She had just finished discussing the direction of the post-production refinement with the recording engineer. After both sides reached an agreement, her task was completed. The rest would be left to the post-production team.

When Du Wei came out, she saw Li Mu sitting on the sofa in the resting area. She hurried over to him and said sweetly, "Brother Li Mu, I'm done. Let's go."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's go. I'll take you home. Your family must be anxious at this late hour."

"No."

Du Wei said with a smile, "My mom just sent me a text message. She told me not to worry and to record it well."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I just talked to Spielberg on the phone. He likes this song very much. He also said that you will definitely be a hit in the West next year!"

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile