Chapter 878

Kong Lingyu had just finished his meeting and confirmed everyone's willingness to participate. Then, he was called to Li Mu's office by Li Mu to participate in the high-level meeting organized by Li Mu.

Once the core members were all present, Li Mu immediately got into the rhythm and said, "Everyone, I didn't expect YY to be so popular among the elites of the United States. This is equivalent to giving us a very heavy gift. We must move as soon as possible!"

Everyone was excited. They looked at Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, we're waiting for your instructions!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "The most important problem now is the server for the American market. Old Kong, what was the result of your meeting?"

Kong Lingyu immediately stood up and said proudly, "Li Zong, all the employees in the server support department are willing to represent the company to work in America. The problem now is that dozens of people want to go. I still have to spend a lot of effort to choose."

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction. "Very good!

We have always given our employees the most competitive welfare policies. What we want is for everyone to have this attitude at critical times!

Choose the people today and submit all the relevant information to Qingya. Quickly arrange for the visa issues. Let everyone be ready. Once the visa is issued, everyone will leave immediately! "

Kong Lingyu immediately said, "Don't worry, Boss. I will definitely choose the most efficient team today!"

Li Mu nodded slightly and then reminded, "Don't just focus on North America. There are also Japan and Korea, especially Japan!

The Japanese worship the Americans to the bone, and the internet industry is basically based on the United States. Therefore, whatever is popular in the United States will most likely be popular in Japan as well. Since Japan hasn't caught up yet, we should hurry up and improve the Japanese servers! "

Kong Lingyu quickly said, "I have already told them about the Japanese server. Europe is also in the plan, but the priority is lower than Japan."

Li Mu said, "First America, then Japan, then Europe. This is the right route. Just follow this rhythm and push forward!"

After settling the server issue, Li Mu moved on to the next topic without any hesitation — Happy Farm.

Li Mu said, "Although our YY has established a good foundation among the elites, this is definitely a double-edged sword. It's not necessarily a good thing!"

When everyone heard what Li Mu said, they all looked at him doubtfully, waiting for his next words.

Li Mu continued, "If we don't intervene and go with the flow, it's very likely that our fantasies will be destroyed by this group of elites in the future!

My requirement for YY is to make it a worldwide instant messaging and social media software to cover all internet users. However, if users presume it to be an office tool, then it will be troublesome!

Once this perception is deeply ingrained in the minds of ordinary users, I'm afraid we'll forever be reduced to tools overseas! "

"Everyone should know that very few people will have special feelings for tools. To users, tools will always be the most useful and the most popular. There's no way to cultivate user loyalty.

For example, no matter how good and exquisite a black and white TV is, once a color TV is released, its market will be destroyed. It's not realistic to expect users to be loyal to a black and white TV!

I don't want our product to only be equivalent to a TV to users!

Even if users waste more than half of their time on the TV every day, we definitely can't be willing to be a TV in users' lives! "

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused for a moment and stretched out a finger. After attracting 120% of everyone's attention, he said passionately, word by word, "Remember!

If we want to do it, we have to be the mattress that users are most used to, most dependent on, and most reluctant to part with!

The better we do it, the more users will rely on us!

If we do it well enough, then it's enough to make users unable to sleep without us! "

Only then did everyone come to a sudden realization!

So that's what Li Mu was afraid of!

Li Mu's wonderful metaphor made everyone understand the truth in Li Mu's words. Invading the user's time and making the user rely on it was not necessarily really awesome, because if you were just a TV, then the user did not rely on you, but on the programs on the TV. Therefore, the user could change to a better TV at any time to watch those programs, and the user had no attachment to the TV itself.

But a mattress was different!

The mattress was the most important thing to their sleep. If they had enjoyed an extremely good, comfortable, and suitable mattress, then they would definitely not be willing to change to another bed. Even if someone gave them a new mattress for free, they would definitely not use it. Because they would definitely choose the one that they liked the most, and that was the most suitable for them. This was the stickiness!

Li Mu's YY was currently like a TV to these elites in the American market.

The reason why they chased after YY was because they had seen too many black and white TVs. Suddenly, there was a color TV with a remote control and a digital signal. The functions were so much better, and the experience was so much better. It was impossible for them not to chase after it.

However, once a better TV appeared in the market, they would immediately give up on this TV and switch to another product. This required Makino Technology to work hard to ensure that YY's office functions were constantly updated and always stronger than its competitors. This was too tiring, and it was equivalent to directly dragging oneself into a technological innovation marathon. If any part of the process was not kept up, they would be overtaken by their competitors and suffer a disastrous decline.

Look at Nokia. It was the best example.

Nokia had been leading the mobile phone industry for more than a decade. It was like a god, but it fell behind in the era of smartphones and could not catch up.

Li Mu was afraid that YY would eventually face such a predicament in the overseas market. Therefore, what he wanted to do was to let American users rely on YY as their most reliable mattress, not just a TV!

After the others understood this principle, the horror in their hearts was written almost all over their faces.

Everyone stared at Li Mu with an extremely shocked expression. They exclaimed in their hearts, "Oh my God!

What kind of person, what kind of perverted thinking, could see such a deep potential danger when the situation was so good that it seemed like it could not get any better? "

Not only did Li Mu reach the pinnacle in the field of product creation, but he even had an insight into the direction of the product operation!

Following such a boss was definitely the luckiest thing in one's career!

This was Li Mu's original theory, the theory of "tool-based" products and companies and "mattress" products and companies. Although the core idea was constantly verified and summarized by the entire Internet, Li Mu used his own method to refine it.

Although it took a lot of effort to make them understand this level of consideration, Li Mu did not blame them for their slow reaction, because he was very clear that the current Internet people on the road of rapid growth of users rarely had the mode of thinking to be prepared for danger in times of peace. When they saw the rapid growth of users, and the rapid growth was almost without investment in publicity costs, they would probably wake up with a smile even in their dreams. They would not think about it at all, nor could they think of any crisis behind it.

However, Li Mu was different. Li Mu knew the development process of the Internet in the future. He had seen the process of "tool-based companies" going from glory to decline. In the development of more than ten years in the future, almost all the companies that could create super platforms and super products were "mattress companies" without exception. What he was looking for now was a large and comprehensive comprehensive platform that covered the whole country, or even the whole world. He had to prevent any possibility of killing himself.

Fortunately, at the moment, at least YY had become a standard "mattress" product in the Hua Xia market, just like Teng Xun in his previous life. It was also because of this that Li Mu had the confidence to go to America and open up the first and most important overseas battlefield.

At this time, Kong Lingyu subconsciously asked on behalf of everyone, "Boss, tell us, how can we make YY a mattress product in the American market?"

Li Mu slammed the table, "Are you stupid?

Of course we use Paradise Town!

Didn't I say long ago that as the overseas version of Happy Farm, Paradise Town is the most important tool for us to seize the online social network of overseas users! "

Only then did Kong Lingyu understand and said awkwardly, "It's my fault, it's my fault!

Next time you ask this kind of question, I'll definitely think about it in my head. "

Li Mu nodded and continued, "A long time ago, I came up with two strategies, do you still remember?"

Everyone nodded. In fact, Li Mu had planned a two-step strategy a long time ago. When he first asked Fang Xudong to lead the team to develop the streaming media transmission technology, it was to popularize YY from the elite level first. At the same time, he would use the overseas version of Happy Farm to replicate and upgrade the online social network of ordinary users. The two strategies were like two armies. YY's army would attack from the front, while Happy Farm's army would attack from the side. In the end, they would unite and take down the entire market in one go.

Now, the popularization of YY among the elite level had been inadvertently promoted by the Western media. What they had to do now was naturally to send out the army in charge of the side!