Chapter 1803

A few days later, "Flying Tigers" received the Dragon Mark.

The film itself received unanimous praise from the higher-ups in charge, so the Dragon Mark was obtained very smoothly.

With the Dragon Mark in hand, the global release was put on the agenda.

Li Mu hoped to release it on July 7th, because that day was the anniversary of the 77th Incident, the beginning of Japan's full-scale invasion of China, and the National Calamity Day of the Hua Xia nation.

The release of the film on that day had an extraordinary historical significance.

All kinds of information released sporadically had already attracted a large number of users' eagerness to "Flying Tigers" on the Internet.

Not only was the Chinese world looking forward to the release of the film, but European and American countries, as well as South Korea, were also full of anticipation and curiosity about the film.

European and American countries lacked sufficient understanding of Asian history. Even in the hearts of many ordinary people in Europe and America, the main battlefield of World War II was actually the European battlefield, and the battlefield in Asia seemed insignificant to them. They remembered every crime of Nazi Germany, but knew very little about the crimes of Japanese imperialism.

They knew about Auschwitz, the French surrender, the air raid on London, Dunkirk, the Battle of Stalingrad, and the Normandy landing, but they might not know about the September 18th Incident, the July 7th Incident, and the Jinling Massacre.

However, when they saw the film's promotion, they began to gradually become interested in the film.

This was mainly due to four powerful labels.

The first, Hollywood

The second, Spielberg

The third, Hollywood's star lineup

The fourth, Li Mu.

The first three were closely linked to Hollywood. The box office market in Europe and the United States was almost Hollywood's backyard. Everyone was used to watching Hollywood movies, just like how Hua Xia was used to watching Hong Kong movies in the 1990s.

These three labels were the key reason why they wanted to go to the cinema to watch the film.

This was not because they had any rejection of Hua Xia movies, but mainly because the power of Hua Xia's movies had never reached them.

This was also the key reason why Li Mu had to pull Hollywood together to make a film.

They would directly buy tickets to the cinema because of Spielberg's name, no matter what the film was about.

They also bought tickets to see Leonardo, Tom Hanks and Anne Hathaway because of their fame.

Of course, there were also some young people and Internet users who were fans of Li Mu. They would also buy tickets to support Li Mu. However, Li Mu's appeal in the box office was obviously far worse than people like Spielberg.

The promotions in Japan and Korea were also progressing at the same time. However, the attitudes of these two countries towards the movie were very different.

It was rare for the Korean people to go all out to support a movie that Hua Xia's people had spent money on, while the Japanese people had a certain degree of resistance towards the content of the movie.

In fact, the triangular relationship between Hua Xia, Korea, and Japan was very complicated, and they all had some prejudice against each other.

If one were to take a closer look, one would realize that the ordinary people of these three countries would have a certain prejudice against the third country no matter which country they hung out with.

For example, when the Koreans and the Japanese talked about Hua Xia, they would say that Hua Xia had too many people, too much development, and too much invisible pressure on the surrounding countries.

When the Hua Xia people and the Korean people talked about Japan, they would talk about the common experience of the two nations during World War II. Everyone had the same extreme extreme anger towards the Japanese government's futile attempt to deny the history of World War II.

When the Hua Xia people and the Japanese people talked about Korea, they would often reach a consensus like bosom friends: This world is ours, and it is yours, but in the end, it is Korea's.

In general, these were three nations that had a love and hate intertwined for thousands of years.

Now that Hua Xia and Hollywood had co-produced Flying Tigers, the Korean people immediately felt that they were on the same side as the people of Hua Xia and the movie.

Although Flying Tigers did not have any content about the Korean people resisting the Japanese invasion, it was still a fight against the Japanese invaders. So, as someone who had the same experience as you, I feel relieved and honored that you made such a movie and invested so much money and cast.

The Japanese people were a little conflicted, but not because they were protesting with great fanfare. Most of them had a faint unfriendly feeling in their hearts. After all, this movie was about the resistance against the Japanese invaders, so they more or less felt a little guilty.

…

After the movie started its global promotion, the official Weibo and Twitter account of Flying Tigers released the first trailer.

The one-minute trailer used a fast editing method to edit the most explosive scenes in the movie and paired it with a passionate soundtrack. Once it was released, it attracted the attention of netizens all over the world.

Whether it was Tom Hanks in his general's uniform, or Leonardo and Liu Ye in their Air Force jackets, each of them had the standard look of a tough guy. Their acting skills were also superb. When a few explosive scenes were put together, coupled with the heroic scene of the aerial battle, it made people's hair stand on end.

Just one minute of the trailer was enough to raise the public's expectations for the movie to a whole new level.

At this time, there was still one and a half months before the movie was released.

Another three days later, the second trailer was released.

This trailer was one and a half minutes long, and for the first time, Anne Hathaway, who played the role of a nurse, and Du Wei, who played the role of a peasant girl, were included in the movie.

Both of them were in line with the aesthetic standards of the Eastern and Western people. Their appearance continued to increase the popularity of the movie.

For the first time, Du Wei's name also walked out of Hua Xia and entered the eyes of the overseas people.

Li Mu paid attention to some of the Western netizens' comments, and found that everyone had a good first impression of the pure, beautiful, and simple Du Wei, which made him very happy.

A few days later, YY Tunes, YY website, YY pop-up window, Weibo, and Twitter simultaneously released the theme song of Flying Tigers, "21."

"Guns."

Once this song was released, it received a lot of praise in Europe and the United States.

"21."

This song, "Guns," was a very classic and highly praised single by Green Sun in his previous life. The album of this song, in 2009, took the famous Billboard number one, and won the 52 Grammy Award for Best Rock Album. This song was also nominated for Best Rock Song that year.

The song itself had such a good foundation, even if the lead singer was changed from a punk rock band to Du Wei, the charm of this song did not decrease in the slightest.

On the contrary, because the lyrics of this song were changed by Li Mu, from the theme of anti-war to praising the heroes who sacrificed themselves for justice in World War II, the tone of the whole song had a huge difference.

The attitude of the American people towards war was completely different before and after World War II.

Before World War II, the Americans advocated for a just war, so they sent millions of young people away from home to several continents to help the victims resist the Nazis. For the United States itself, World War II was also a great harvest in many aspects, such as wealth, status, and spirit.

When talking about World War II, almost no one in the United States would have an "anti-war" sentiment. On the contrary, they regarded the 400,000 American veterans who sacrificed themselves in World War II as national glory.

After World War II, the status of the American military in the country was extremely high, and the people's admiration and support for the military was simply unprecedented.

However, after the start of the Korean War, the American people's attitude towards war began to change.

The Americans felt that World War II was fought for the sake of humanity and world peace. Even if hundreds of thousands of people died, it was a worthy death.

However, the tens of thousands of casualties in the Korean War were unacceptable to the Americans, because they did not understand why their country would go so far away to interfere in a people's war.

Most ordinary people could not understand the so-called interests of the United States in East Asia. They could not understand, nor could they accept, that the American government had buried the lives of tens of thousands of American soldiers in the mountains of the Korean Peninsula.

When it came to the Vietnam War, the Americans were even more incomprehensible.

The United States had fought in Vietnam for so long, more than 60,000 people died or went missing, and more than 300,000 were injured. Many Americans only knew that their country's soldiers were constantly dying, injured, and disabled in Vietnam, but they still could not understand the reason for that war.

It was also at that time that the American people's attitude towards war and the military changed dramatically.

They no longer respected war, and they no longer respected the military. They felt that the American government had commanded the American army to Vietnam, spending a lot of taxpayers' money and sacrificing a lot of soldiers' lives. It was simply unforgivable stupidity.

Therefore, from that time on, the anti-war sentiment in the United States began to rise rapidly.

"Forrest Gump", also starring Tom Hanks, was actually a story about the United States during the Vietnam War. In that war, the American soldiers who sacrificed themselves did not receive the sympathy of the Americans, and the disabled soldiers did not receive the recognition of the Americans. Even the American soldiers themselves did not approve of the war, so all kinds of anti-war demonstrations emerged one after another in the country.

Under this general tone, the Americans who lived through the fifties and sixties were basically the "anti-war" generation.

If we used the date of birth to determine the generation, the Americans who were born after the 40s were basically affected by the anti-war sentiment.

The 40s were a very awkward generation. Most of them were born during the wave of childbirth after World War II, and a small number were born during World War II. But even if they were born in 1940, their memories of the war were actually very vague.

When this group of people reached the age of seventeen or eighteen, they began to have the consciousness of independence and resistance. It just so happened that they were affected by the negative impact of the Vietnam War, and became the main anti-war force.

They believed that in the Vietnam War, no one was a hero, and no one was great or worthy of praise. Therefore, when it was reflected in their anti-war literary works, the core point of view was actually: "Good days are over, what the hell are you fighting for?"

Old Man Bob Dylan's classic "Knockin '" song, "

On

Heaven's

Door was a standard anti-war song. In fact, it was one of the most famous anti-war songs.

Influenced by him, his younger generation of singers also grew up in the anti-war era. Therefore, when you look at famous European and American rock bands, all of them would have at least one or two anti-war songs. It seemed that if they did not have at least one anti-war song, they would be embarrassed to be in the American music industry.

However, the root cause of this anti-war sentiment was that they focused on the wars that the United States participated in after the 1950s and neglected World War II.

Now, with a budget of 200 million US dollars, a strong lineup, and overwhelming Internet publicity, "Flying Tigers" brought the history of World War II to everyone again. At this time, "21" was the first film to be released.

At this time, "Guns", a song that praised the heroes who sacrificed their lives for human peace in World War II, suddenly had a more noble core and soul.

Combined with this movie and this history, "Guns" immediately moved countless people...

Once it was released, it immediately moved countless people...

()

First set a small goal, such as one second to remember: Booksellers