Chapter 520

Hearing that Wang Shaohua was going to argue with Zhang Shuqin, Su Yuehua immediately waved her hand and said, "Forget it, I'm just a little uncomfortable in my heart, so I want to talk to you. What's there to argue with her? She's the kind of person who can't wait to have some face. The bigger the matter, the better. Besides, although her words are disgusting, if we really talk about it, she might say that she has good intentions and then bite back at us. I don't want my colleagues to think that I'm jealous of others who bought a good house and can't bear to see others doing well."

Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "I really don't know how this kind of person got into the national civil service. She's just a shrew in the marketplace!"

Su Yuehua said, "It's fine as long as we know she's a shrew. We can't argue with her. She can say whatever she wants. Today's matter is also my own fault."

Wang Shaohua sighed and stared at the steering wheel in a daze. Su Yuehua saw that he was in a daze and couldn't help asking him, "What's wrong with you?

Drive home. We still have to buy some food to go home and cook for our daughter. "

Wang Shaohua hesitated for a long time. After so many days of entanglement in his heart suddenly converged into an impulse. He looked up at Su Yuehua and said, "Call our daughter and ask her to eat out by herself. I'll take you to a place."

"Where to?" Su Yuehua asked in surprise.

Wang Shaohua didn't answer, but said, "You'll know when you get there."

Su Yuehua thought that her husband wanted to take her to a big meal to relieve his mood, so she nodded and didn't ask any more questions.

However, Wang Shaohua drove all the way to Hua Mansion.

As soon as the car drove into the gate of Hua Mansion, Su Yuehua couldn't sit still. She couldn't help asking Wang Shaohua, "Honey, you're not going to buy the house here on impulse, are you?"

Wang Shaohua said noncommittally, "You'll know when you go in with me."

Su Yuehua became more and more determined in her opinion. She persuaded, "Honey, the house here is really too expensive, and there are no small apartments of 60 or 70 square meters. Zhang Shuqin has the money to buy it. We don't want to be a fool."

Wang Shaohua said, "Don't rush to speak. Come in with me and see it first."

Su Yuehua sighed helplessly.

"If I had known this would happen, I wouldn't have told you this. It's fine if a woman like me is occasionally influenced by others, but how can you be influenced as well? Even if we buy the smallest apartment here, we can only afford a down payment at most. We won't even have the money to renovate it. Not to mention that we have to pay the mortgage every month, our daughter still has to go to school. These four years will be a huge expense …"

Wang Shaohua said impatiently, "Oh, I told you not to talk first. Why do you keep nagging?"

Su Yuehua saw that Wang Shaohua, who had always been a good person, was a little impatient, so she shut her mouth. No matter what, she could not quarrel with her husband at this time. She could not let other people's words affect their relationship. Su Yuehua was very clear about this.

The car did not stop at the sales office of Hua Fu Luxury House, but in front of the tallest building in Hua Fu Luxury House. Su Yuehua was curious about what her husband was going to do. At this time, a black Passat drove over and stopped directly in front of their car. A woman with heavy makeup came out from the front passenger seat. She looked at Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua in the car with a surprised face and said loudly, "Oh, I told my husband that this car looked like Shaohua's car. I didn't expect it to be true!

Why did you two come here?

Did you really think it through and come here to buy a house? "

Su Yuehua was really annoyed to death. She did not expect that she would meet Zhang Shuqin here again after being angered to death at work and being brought to Hua Fu Luxury House by her husband.

Was Zhang Shuqin really the nemesis of her life? Was she sent by God to train her?

Wang Shaohua did not expect it to be such a coincidence, but he did not look unhappy at all. He pushed the door open and got out of the car. He asked Zhang Shuqin politely and politely, "What a coincidence, Shuqin. What are you and Shao Zhen doing here?"

Zhang Shuqin was waiting for this sentence. She waved her hand with a smile and said modestly, "Isn't my Bei Bei going to grow up this year? Shao Zhen and I are thinking about buying a house near the school so that it will be convenient to take care of her when she goes to school. The neighborhood has already started renovating. We paid a ten thousand yuan renovation deposit to the property management company. If we renovate during the centralized renovation period, the deposit will be refunded. If we renovate after the centralized renovation period, the money will not be refunded. So the two of us wanted to hurry up and renovate the house. Today, we arranged for someone from the renovation company to come over and measure the size and come up with a plan.

I didn't expect to bump into you two. "As she spoke, Zhang Shuqin chuckled and said," You don't know, but the property management in this kind of high-end neighborhood is especially annoying. Take this renovation deposit for example. Other neighborhoods can be renovated whenever you want, but this isn't it. If you don't renovate during the centralized renovation period, you won't be allowed to use the elevator materials when the elevator's protective panel is removed. You can use it, but you have to deduct the renovation deposit. If there are already owners living in the neighborhood, you have to avoid the renovations in the morning and evening. Otherwise, you will be forced to cut off the electricity and stop work. "

Wang Shaohua said with a face of surprise, "Aiyo, so strict?

I've never heard of such a thing. "

Zhang Shuqin said with a smile, "Of course you don't know, but if you buy a house here, you will know. The property management requirements here are very strict, but there are also advantages to being strict. At least the safety of moving in in the future can be guaranteed."

After saying this, Zhang Shuqin said again, "I have sharp eyes. Just now, I saw that your car came in in front of us, so I asked Shao Zhen to follow and have a look. Shao Zhen also told me that it couldn't be the two of you, but I didn't expect it to be true."

At this time, a dark-skinned middle-aged man with a crew cut walked out of the black Passat. This person was Zhang Shuqin's husband, Shao Zhen. Shao Zhen was a small official in the traffic police system. Although his official position was not high, he had some real power in his hands. It was said that he had a way to earn extra money, and his income was much more impressive than Wang Shaohua's.

Their wives had been colleagues for many years, so they naturally knew each other. Shao Zhen greeted Wang Shaohua and smiled and asked the question that his wife had just asked, but Wang Shaohua and his wife did not answer.

"Shaohua, are you and Yuehua here to look at a house?"

Because his wife often complained at home, saying that Su Yuehua took away a lot of opportunities for her because of her beauty, Shao Zhen did not have a good impression of Wang Shaohua and his wife. At this time, he naturally would not let go of a chance to help his wife vent her anger.

Wang Shaohua smiled awkwardly and said, "We also want to look at something related to the house. I didn't expect you two to be here."

Shao Zhen nodded and said, "Shaohua, to be honest, if you have the ability, I still recommend you and Yuehua to buy a house here. Let's grit our teeth and stomp our feet, mainly for the convenience of our children in the future. You see, this community is next to the Film Academy, and across the bridge is the Film Academy. It's very suitable."

Wang Shaohua also said with a face of agreement, "Yes, I have always thought that this is the most suitable place."

Shao Zhen smiled and said, "If it's suitable, then buy it. Don't hesitate. If you have any financial difficulties, just tell me. Our two families have known each other for so many years, and we will try our best to help."

Su Yuehua's lungs were about to explode. She did not expect that Zhang Shuqin was not satisfied with talking so much at work today, and now she brought her husband to make fun of her and her husband. While she was angry, she also blamed Wang Shaohua in her heart. Just now in the car, when he heard that she had been wronged, he was indignant and wanted to argue with the other party. Why was it that when they met, when the other party began to mock and ridicule them again, he became listless and looked like he was jumping into the pit that was dug by others?

At this time, Zhang Shuqin saw that Su Yuehua's expression was not quite right. She felt proud and said, "Hey, you two did not go to the sales office to find someone to show you the house. Why don't you go to our house first?"

Wang Shaohua asked, "Shuqin, which building did you buy the house in?"

Zhang Shuqin pointed to the tallest building and said, "It's the one behind it."

"How many floors?"

"Ten floors."

Wang Shaohua looked up at the 22-story building in front of him and smacked his lips. "Oh, the view may not be very good. It's all blocked by this building."

Zhang Shuqin nodded and said casually, "There's no other way. This building is all two-story duplexes, more than 170 square meters. A single unit costs two million. The best Fengshui and view in this community are all given to it."

Wang Shaohua pinched his chin and said, "What a pity. It would be great if you bought this building. If you bought a higher one, the view would be wider. Living behind it … To be honest, it's too depressing."

Zhang Shuqin listened to Wang Shaohua's presumptuous comments about her house and snorted with a slight disdain. "Shaohua, you can't say that. How is it depressing to live behind it?

Anyway, it's a large three-bedroom apartment of 130 square meters. What's there to be depressing about?

Aren't you and Yuehua going to buy a small two-bedroom apartment of 70 square meters?

Isn't it depressing? "

Wang Shaohua smiled slightly and said, "Don't get me wrong. I mean, living behind it, the view is blocked too much, so it's depressing. A house of 130 square meters is so big. How can it be depressing?"

Zhang Shuqin felt that Wang Shaohua was completely saying that the grapes were sour because he could not eat them. Her face was already a little unhappy, but she still said with a forced smile, "What you said is also reasonable. If you and Yuehua buy a large duplex of more than 170 square meters here, you will definitely not be depressing."

Shao Zhen also added salt to the wound on the side. He said with a smile, "Yes, Shaohua, work hard. Buy a duplex here, and buy a high-rise building. In this way, your family of three will live very comfortably in the future. This building is the tallest in the whole community. In this community, it's really like the stars around the moon. Living here is really not depressing at all."

Wang Shaohua nodded in agreement. "You're right!"

After that, Wang Shaohua said indifferently, "We've already bought it. Like you, it's also ten floors. It's really not stifling at all up there. What's the old saying again? Yes, it's called looking down at all the mountains."