Chapter 1312

Before Li Mu, no one had ever mentioned the issue of social responsibility in the Internet industry.

It had not been long since the industry started, and everyone was doing their best to gain territory. In this process, no one wanted to be fettered by anything. They just wanted to rush forward, the faster the better.

Therefore, when everyone realized that Li Mu actually wanted to establish a set of rules in this industry, most people were conflicted. Although they recognized Li Mu's position as the leader, they were not prepared to treat Li Mu as the leader of this industry. In other words, Li Mu should not have the right and qualification to control them.

Li Mu was also very clear that it was not easy to make these people accept a set of rules set by him. Therefore, he smiled lightly and gave an example. "The Internet industry is like a lake that has just begun to be developed. Everyone here is an individual trying to make a profit from this lake. Therefore, everyone started to fish, some cast nets, some set up nets to breed fish, and some put in some boats to rent out on the lake. Some even built a resort hotel by the lake, and some built a lake water purification plant by the lake to produce drinking water."

Everyone stared at Li Mu. His analogy was quite interesting. He compared the Internet to a lake. Everyone discovered this lake and then tried their best to develop it. Although they were all rooted in the same lake, everyone's industry might be very different. This was very similar to the Internet industry.

At this moment, Li Mu continued, "All the people who developed this lake are the same as us Internet people now. They are subject to very few restrictions in the industry. It's almost as if there is no control, or at least very little control. Everyone, think about it. In such a situation, one day, a few guys who don't follow the rules and blow up the fish in the lake suddenly appear. What will happen then?

Blowing up the fish will make the fishermen return empty-handed. It will make the breeders lose everything. It will interfere with the boat rental business. It will disturb the guests of the lakeside hotels. It will even affect the quality of the lake, which will affect the purified water plant. "

After a pause, Li Mu said, "If everyone does not care about it, these people who blow up the fish may cause chaos in our industry. Moreover, there will be more and more people who do not play by the rules. If one day, a paper or chemical factory suddenly opens by the lake, and they use the lake to produce, they will also discharge a lot of pollutants into the lake. What will happen then?

All the fish in the lake will die, and the lake will become dirty and smelly. Everyone who passes by will avoid it. The lakeside hotels will have even less business, and the purified water plant will only go bankrupt. At that time, the only ones who can rely on this lake to survive are those enterprises that continuously discharge pollutants. At that time, this lake will become a pool of stagnant water, stinky water, and poisonous water. I want to ask everyone, what will you do at that time?

Are you going to change to the polluting industry? "

At this point, everyone's expression became serious.

They had never thought about this before. They were like the fishermen, breeders, or other business operators by the lake. All they thought about was how to develop their industry, but they never thought about what they should do if there are bastards who blow up fish or those who discharge pollutants taking root by the lake.

Li Mu said again, "Everyone is very clear that the country is the same as us. We are all feeling the stones to cross the river in the new industry. At this time, the speed of legislation is far behind the speed of development. In that case, the situation I just mentioned is very likely to happen. If someone keeps blowing up the fish in the lake where you live, what will you do?

Without legal basis, he can continue to blow up the fish unscrupulously. What will you do then?

If the polluting enterprises come, what will you do? "

The scene was silent.

Li Mu really stunned everyone with his question.

No one knew how they would deal with what Li Mu said if it really happened.

Those who were quick-witted had already thought about the industry rules Li Mu had just mentioned and roughly understood some of Li Mu's thoughts from it.

Seeing that everyone was starting to worry, Li Mu struck while the iron was hot and said, "Why did I say that we need industry rules?

Industry rules are like the rule of the people in ancient times. In ancient times, the imperial power did not extend to counties. On the one hand, it was because the law could not cover everything. On the other hand, it was difficult to enforce the law to the end. Just like the villages in ancient times, they had to rely more on the rule of the people. The imperial power might not give the villagers the right to refuse refugees, but the villagers could organize themselves to keep the refugees out. The imperial court might not have the ability to station soldiers in every village to prevent bandits, but the villagers could spontaneously form defense organizations to protect and defend their homes at all times. If bandits come, before the soldiers arrive, the villagers' own defense organizations can resist or even repel the enemy. At the very least, they can delay the enemy until the soldiers arrive. "

"This is the fundamental reason why we need industry rules. We need to establish industry rules that everyone agrees with, and then everyone will work together to maintain and abide by it. Together, we will create a relatively fair, legal, and ethical entrepreneurial environment for all of us. If someone violates fairness, the law, or professional ethics, the entire industry can unite to isolate him, resist him, ban him, or even kill him!

This is the only way to ensure the healthy development of the industry and ensure that the interests of the majority of the people will not be harmed. "

The analogy and explanation enlightened everyone. Li Mu wanted to establish industry rules not because he wanted to restrain everyone, but because he wanted everyone to restrain the industry together!

Come to think of it, this was indeed necessary!

Just the gaming industry alone had been affected by many gray industries. Currently, the country had not passed any laws against cheating and private servers. However, these two industries had a huge impact on the gaming company's market and profits, especially private servers. This was practically a cancer of the gaming industry. It was a cancer because it was like a cancer. Once it grew, it would bloom everywhere. There was only one original version of Hot-blooded Legend of Mir, but there were tens of thousands of private servers!

At its peak, almost every internet cafe in Hua Xia had its own private server, and almost all the users of the original version of Legend of Mir were gone.

Chen Tianqiao clapped so hard that his hands turned red. He could not help but shout, "Li Zong, it's time to deal with the problem of private servers!

If not, all of our online games will suffer a huge impact. Tell me, if we have a unified industry rule, how should we deal with these cancerous private servers? "

Li Mu looked at Chen Tianqiao, who was sitting in the middle, and smiled. "Shengda CEO Chen, right? I've heard about the problem of private servers. Once the source code is leaked, the server will be cheap, and the audience will be large. Naturally, a large number of private servers will be created to fight for the original market. If we want to come to a consensus and establish the industry rules, then private servers will be the target of all of us. As for how to deal with it, it's actually very simple. As long as we work together, it will be a piece of cake."

At this point, everyone was looking forward to Li Mu's solution. No one knew how to deal with private servers.

At this time, Li Mu said, "First of all, we have to ask for Boss Li's help. On the search engine, we need to do a special treatment for the keyword 'private server'. For example, when users search for private servers, the first three pages, or even the first five pages, will all be designated links. For example, private servers are infringing on copyright, illegal, immoral, and unsafe news reports. This will greatly increase the difficulty for players to find private servers.

"Second, we need to track the servers of the private servers. If it's a private server set up by the internet cafe itself, then YY, YY123, YY net, Baidu, Sina, and all the other websites will work together to block the internet cafe's IP address. As long as it's a private server, we will ban all access to the internet cafe so that the users can't log on to YY, open YY net, use it, etc. This will force the internet cafe that has already set up a private server to immediately terminate it. This will also give a huge warning to the internet cafe that wants to set up a private server so that they won't be able to operate.

"Third, if it's a private server set up by an individual or group, we will work together with the hosting company and the bandwidth provider to help us. We will cut off all their hardware and software support so that their private servers can't operate from a technical point of view.

"If CEO Chen manages the private servers by himself, I'm afraid it will be difficult. However, if everyone can work together and work together, managing the private servers will be as easy as I said!"

Chen Tianqiao was overjoyed!

Li Mu's three points were very feasible. If the industry could really work together in front of the industry rules, it would be as easy as flipping one's hand to crack down on private servers. This way, Shengda could get back hundreds of millions of profits in a year!

How could he not be excited!

Hence, Chen Tianqiao stood up subconsciously and shouted excitedly, "Li Zong, I fully support your industry rules plan!"

The other netizens also realized the importance of this "industry rules." It looked like a restriction, but it was used to restrict those unethical and illegal internet products. So, in the end, it was an umbrella that protected everyone. When Chen Tianqiao's Shengda was attacked by private servers, the industry rules would protect it. When other industries faced illegal attacks, Chen Tianqiao would also work together with other companies to help. This was the core key behind the industry rules.

The scene suddenly became chaotic. Everyone started whispering and discussing non-stop. But it was obvious that many people were very excited. Some were even flushed with excitement.

Robin felt that he should do Li Mu a favor at this time. In the future, he would be able to get some positive feedback from Li Mu. So, he stood up and said very seriously to the audience, "Everyone, I announce that Baidu has officially joined the industry rules system that Li Zong mentioned!

In the future, Baidu will spare no effort to work together with Li Zong and other companies to protect the healthy development of the internet industry! "

Li Zong's words immediately attracted a lot of enthusiastic responses from a large number of entrepreneurs. For a moment, the entire banquet hall was filled with similar voices.

"Shengda officially joins!"

"NetEase officially joins!"