Chapter 1266

Li Mu used only one interview to officially open the 2.0 era of Taobao's logistics information and planted the seed of the Internet of Things in Makino Technology. Li Mu was like a sower, waiting for the day when the seed would sprout from the soil.

What was gratifying was that Makino Technology was the best fertile soil for domestic Internet and high-tech products. Li Mu believed that it wouldn't take long for Makino Technology to be at the forefront of the world in terms of technology. If everyone could accumulate successful experience from this project, they would definitely be able to lay a solid foundation for the future hardware era.

After ending this important meeting, Li Mu didn't have time to eat. He brought Li Ziwei to the airport to meet Liu Xinying's team.

This time, Liu Xinying brought a four-person professional filming team from a film production company. It was said that they were one of the best in documentary filming. Not only did they have in-depth cooperation with many satellite channels, but they also shot corporate promotional videos for many top domestic enterprises. All the promotional videos for the "Search for the Surviving Flying Tigers" charity event of "Veterans Don't Die" would be produced by this team.

Before this, the team had already sent a team of three to Spring City with the frontline staff. This time, four more people were added because Liu Xinying wanted to make the old man's deeds the most important part of the publicity campaign for the entire charity event.

In Liu Xinying's words, although she didn't want the miserable life of these old people to be publicized to the public and hoped to leave enough dignity for the old people, from another perspective, it was necessary to let the public see the true miserable life of the old people in their later years. Only then could it arouse the public's awareness of charity.

Li Mu was very supportive of Liu Xinying's views. The so-called public charity was to let those who had the ability to help others see the suffering of other groups. It was to let them know how urgent and urgent it was for other groups to help the outside world.

It was precisely because Project Hope truthfully showed the difficulties of the children in the poor mountainous areas in school that it set off a wave of student aid nationwide. Many people in the city who had enough financial ability found one-on-one help in the poor mountainous areas and paid their children's tuition fees and living expenses every month. In this publicity process to arouse the public's kindness, the big-eyed girl who said "I want to read" played a crucial role.

Li Mu told Liu Xinying that if the story of the old man was done well, the veterans could really attract the attention of the whole society. Moreover, this was different from Project Hope. Project Hope was to appeal to people to help others, while Veterans Don't Die was to appeal to people to repay the debt.

From Li Mu's point of view, the entire nation owed the veterans who had sacrificed their lives to resist the iron hooves of the Japanese army. That debt of gratitude had been buried in the ground, and it could not be repaid in this lifetime. If the remaining veterans also quietly left, the nation would never be able to repay the debt it owed. Therefore, the next ten or twenty years would be the last chance for the nation to repay that debt. In Li Mu's eyes, that matter was much more important than the Hope Project.

When the business jet landed in Southwest Spring City, it was already twelve o 'clock at night. The business jet slowed down at the back of the runway, then turned and drove to the designated open-air parking lot. When the plane drove into the parking lot, Li Mu saw through the window that there were three military vehicles parked next to the plane. There was a Toyota Coaster painted in green and two large SUVs painted in green. Several soldiers and officers in military uniforms were standing outside the cars, watching the gradually approaching plane.

When the plane came to a stop, Li Mu politely gestured for Liu Xinying to get off the plane first. After all, the military vehicles outside were all coming for her. She was the host, and he was the guest. However, Liu Xinying firmly disagreed. She insisted on pushing Li Mu to get off the plane first while she followed behind him.

Li Mu couldn't politely refuse Liu Xinying at the cabin door, so he went with the flow and got off the plane first. When Li Mu got off the spiral staircase, one of the officers immediately walked to the spiral staircase. When Li Mu got off, he immediately saluted and extended his hand to say to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, welcome to Spring City. My name is Chen Chengwu, and I've received orders from my superiors to welcome you and Miss Liu."

Li Mu shook hands with him, thanked him, and said, "Thank you for your hard work."

Chen Chengwu smiled and said, "It's my duty. Our superiors are very concerned about your visit to Spring City this time. They asked us to do a good job in welcoming you and providing security."

At this moment, Liu Xinying also got off the plane behind Li Mu. She smiled at Chen Chengwu and said, "Brother Wu, it's so late. Thank you for coming here personally."

Chen Chengwu smiled and said, "Both of you are important guests of the military, and what you're doing in Spring City this time is very meaningful. The chief is very, very concerned. He said that you're here to repay his debt. If it wasn't for the inconvenience of his identity, he would have personally participated in this."

At this moment, Liu Xinying whispered into Li Mu's ear, "The chief's father is a veteran of the Japanese War of Resistance. He fought from the Red Army all the way to the Korean War. I've talked to him over the phone about the general definition of the Veterans' Immortality charity project. He really admires it. He even said that this is the most meaningful charity project he's ever heard of."

After that, Li Mu and the others were arranged to board the Toyota Coaster painted in military green. After more than half an hour of driving, they arrived at the military base on the outskirts of the city. The motorcade stopped in front of the military base's guest house.

Because it was located in the southwest, the Spring City military base's greenery was very good. The plants were dense, and the buildings were relatively short and sparse, so it was very quiet. The group walked up the long stairs under Chen Chengwu's lead. When they arrived at the central hall of the guest house on the third floor, the service staff who had already been waiting hurriedly came forward to greet them. They also took the luggage from the group and prepared to send them to the prepared rooms.

Chen Chengwu said to Li Mu and Liu Xinying, "You guys must be tired after such a long journey. Rest early. We still have to wake up early tomorrow. I'll go with you guys then."

Li Mu thanked him, and Liu Xinying teased him, "Brother Wu, did we trouble a busy man like you to personally go with us?"

Chen Chengwu said, "I really couldn't go because of something, but the chief gave special permission for me to accompany you guys. He said that since you guys are in Yun Province, all travel and safety are our responsibility, so we have to take this seriously."

Liu Xinying said, "What time are we leaving tomorrow?"

Chen Chengwu nodded and said, "I'll pick you guys up for breakfast at seven. The chief said he'll accompany you guys then."

"That's great." Liu Xinying said, "I have to thank him in person tomorrow."

…

Although the environment of the military guest house wasn't luxurious, it was definitely very clean and tidy. The rooms were spotless, and there wasn't the slightest smell. This was more meticulous than many five-star hotels.

Li Mu slept very well in this quiet environment. He woke up early the next morning, washed up, and followed Chen Chengwu to the dining hall for breakfast. In the dining hall, he saw the Uncle Zhang that Liu Xinying had mentioned. He was an old man in his sixties who was energetic and strong despite his old age.

The old man gave a very high evaluation of the Immortal Veterans Charity Project. One of his words left a deep impression on Li Mu. He said, "If this society owes its children, young people, and middle-aged people anything, we still have opportunities to make it up to them in the future. However, this society owes these veterans, and there are very few opportunities left to make it up to them."

Li Mu very much agreed with this point of view. He was truly in awe of the Immortal Veterans Charity Project. This might be the last chance for society to make it up to these veterans. If it was delayed any longer, it might become a regret that this nation would never be able to make up for.

Considering that the destination they were going to was remote, Chen Chengwu didn't let the Toyota Coaster from yesterday participate. There were a total of eight vehicles this time, all of which were large off-road vehicles from the military. Other than the ten of them, there were also ten soldiers following them. The old man specially ordered them to bring two whole trunks of rice, flour, oil, and salt from the military canteen, saying that it was a token of appreciation from the military to the veteran. He then took out 1,000 yuan in cash, hoping that Li Mu could pass it to the veteran. The other people in the military also donated. In the end, other than the old man's 1,000 yuan, the rest were all rejected by Li Mu.

This time, they were going to save a lonely old man. According to the description, the old man was stubborn and didn't care about money or material things. The most important thing this time was not to give the old man money or food, but to think of a way to persuade the old man to leave the mountain and come to Spring City for a medical examination and recuperation. If too much cash was spent on such an old man, it might not be a good thing for him.

The military leaders and soldiers also accepted Li Mu's point of view. Then, they decided to organize a donation campaign in the military and donate all the money to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation.

Li Mu was especially touched by the sincerity of the military leaders and soldiers. Soldiers were a special group, so many of their emotions were deeper and purer because of their identity as soldiers. As soldiers in an era of peace, they had more respect for the veterans who had been baptized by the flames of war than ordinary people.

After the convoy left the suburbs, they arrived at the mountainous area. After driving for four hours through the endless mountains, they finally arrived at a small town in the middle of a valley. Although it was a small town, it looked even smaller than a village in the plains. The town was bleak and dilapidated. Even the military off-road vehicles could only drive slowly on the potholes. If they were cars, they wouldn't be able to drive in no matter what.

There didn't seem to be many cars in the town, so the people were especially curious and full of respect for the row of tall and mighty military off-road vehicles. Many people stood by the roadside and stared at the convoy without blinking, ignoring the dust that was kicked up when the vehicles drove.

Liu Xinying looked at the people on the roadside through the window and sighed to Li Mu beside her. "This place is really too poor …"

Li Mu nodded and said with a heavy heart, "The number of national poor counties in Yun Province is the first in the country, and the basic economy is indeed much worse than that of the eastern region."

Liu Xinying sighed and said, "In fact, according to our current investigation, some of the surviving Hua Xia Flying Tigers are in Taiwan, a small number are overseas, and most of them are in the mainland. Most of the group in the mainland are in Yunchuan and Yunchuan provinces. The basic economy of these two provinces is not very good."

Li Mu said, "The country's economy is still taking off very fast. Look at 2013 in ten years, there will definitely be earth-shaking changes."

Liu Xinying nodded and said, "I believe it will develop rapidly."