Chapter 552

Li Mu didn't know much about Hong Kong's entertainment industry. Before today, he had never heard of this Zu Yaoting, nor did he know that there was a creepy phrase in Hong Kong's entertainment industry called "public opinion kills." He had only heard a little about the "Tan and Zhang controversy" that had caused a stir in Hong Kong back then. After all, when Zhang Guorong started to become popular in Hong Kong's entertainment industry, the Four Heavenly Kings hadn't made their debut yet. That was too long ago, and it was beyond the understanding of people of Li Mu's age.

Just as the media was getting excited about Zu Yaoting's appearance, a tall, skinny middle-aged man in a white suit jogged up to the stage in an exaggerated and cheerful manner. He stood firmly beside Xiao Fangfang, his attire and posture exuding an exaggerated air. This man was Zu Yaoting.

After Zu Yaoting got on the stage, he snapped his fingers in the direction of the backstage. An etiquette lady ran out with a large cheque template and handed it to Zu Yaoting. Zu Yaoting held the cheque with both hands. He first looked at Zhang Guorong, then at Xiao Fangfang, who was in front of him, and a mysterious smile flashed across his lips.

Xiao Fangfang was a little wary in her awkwardness, so she wanted to quickly turn the page. She picked up the microphone and said, "Mr. Zu, thank you very much for your support of our Seedling Protection Foundation. On behalf of all the staff of the Seedling Protection Foundation and all the minors who receive assistance, I would like to express our sincerest gratitude to you."

After saying that, Xiao Fangfang bowed slightly to Zu Yaoting. Zu Yaoting laughed and waved the huge cheque above his head for a long time before handing it over to Xiao Fangfang. According to the usual procedure, after Xiao Fangfang received the cheque, she would pass the microphone to the donor and let him say a few words. However, today, Xiao Fangfang did not intend to give the microphone to Zu Yaoting. She held the microphone firmly in her hand. After receiving the cheque, she said into the microphone, "Alright, thank you, Mr. Zu. Next, we would like to invite …"

Before she could finish, Zu Yaoting suddenly reached out and snatched the microphone from her while she was holding the huge check. Before Xiao Fangfang could react, he held the microphone and looked at Zhang Guorong's position. In an extremely exaggerated tone, he said with a smile, "Oh, Leslie!

Brother!

I didn't expect you to be here today! "

Xiao Fangfang wanted to reach out and snatch the microphone back, but she was a bit shorter than Zu Yaoting. Zu Yaoting ran two steps in front of the stage and came to the edge of the stage. He was very close to Zhang Guorong. She said in an exaggerated and joking tone, "Oh, my good brother!

I've been wanting to see you recently, but I haven't had the chance. A few days ago, my paparazzi from Popular Entertainment found out that your boyfriend, that Mr. Tang something, was cheating on you. But we were unlucky that day, and we didn't manage to take a picture of them cheating on you. I heard that the little gay is only 20 years old this year, and he's much younger than you, brother! "

As soon as Zu Yaoting said that, the whole venue was shocked. No one expected Zu Yaoting to speak so bluntly. Recently, his newspapers and magazines had been making a big fuss about Mr. Tang's cheating, but no one expected him to say it publicly here. This was too immoral. Many people could see through his intentions at a glance.

Although tonight's charity gala wasn't a large-scale or lavish event, there were a few A-list celebrities in attendance.

There were quite a number of entertainment reporters. Zu Yaoting's public provocation of Zhang Guorong was definitely breaking news in the eyes of the major entertainment reporters. Needless to say, there would definitely be a lot of articles about it tomorrow. Zu Yaoting was a person who didn't care about his reputation. All he cared about was profits and pleasure. Humiliating Zhang Guorong in public was not only satisfying for him, but it was also a huge blow to Zhang Guorong. At the same time, it was a free advertisement for his newspapers and magazines. Moreover, the law couldn't do anything to him about such innuendo, and Zhang Guorong couldn't do anything to him either.

Even Zhang Guorong didn't expect that Zu Yaoting would go so far. Suddenly, he clenched his fists in anger and his veins bulged. However, he kept using his reason to calm himself and not lose control in public.

In this case, Zhang Guorong knew that he was in a very passive position. His sexual orientation had already been completely exposed by the unscrupulous media. At present, gay people would more or less be discriminated against. Yes, he was the one in the wrong. If he lost control of his emotions because of Zu Yaoting today, he was afraid that he would be completely written about in tomorrow's news.

Du Wei hurriedly reached out and gently held Zhang Guorong's wrist. She kept comforting him with her eyes. On the stage, Zu Yaoting had already shocked the world, but he was not satisfied. He snorted and said, "Brother, my people told me that the little gay man Mr. Tang found has HIV. As a member of the gay community, you must also know that HIV spreads very quickly in your community, so you must be careful. Don't get it!

In the past, people always said that you have HIV, but I never believed it. But if you don't take it seriously, I'm really afraid that one day you will really get HIV. That will be a great loss for our Hong Kong entertainment industry! "

The audience was in an uproar.

No one understood why Zu Yaoting was so vicious to this extent.

But Li Mu understood that Zu Yaoting was killing people!

Since he was a gossip tycoon who controlled half of the paparazzi in Hong Kong, he must have known that Zhang Guorong had depression, and the situation was very serious. At this time, he still deliberately attacked him. This was not a personal attack, but an executioner with a knife.

In the last few years of his previous life, Zhang Guorong had been tortured by Hong Kong's unscrupulous media. Just like Michael Jackson, who had been poisoned by all kinds of malicious rumors for many years, the unscrupulous media's distortion and slander greatly increased his psychological burden and his depression. The reason why he chose to commit suicide was also related to the unscrupulous media's crazy slander during that time. These media either had evil intentions or were blinded by greed. They did not care about morality at all. Even after Zhang Guorong died, they even hired helicopters to take aerial photos of Zhang Guorong's home, continuing to consume the last of his entertainment value. It was simply insane!

At this time, not only was most of the people present angry, but Li Mu was also quite angry.

However, Zu Yaoting was not ready to stop. He cleared his throat and wanted to say something, but at this time, the slow-witted sound engineer reacted and turned the volume of the microphone to the lowest on the mixer.

Zu Yaoting said a few words into the microphone and found that the sound was gone. He snorted and threw the microphone on the ground, pointing at Zhang Guorong and shouting, "Brother, I'm leaving. You must be clean, don't let us down!"

The furious Xiao Fangfang had already surrounded Zu Yaoting with a few security guards, wanting to pull him off the stage. Zu Yaoting said arrogantly, "Don't come over, I will go down myself. But if any of your fingers touch me, I will break your hands and feet!"

After saying that, Zu Yaoting straightened the sleeves of his suit and swaggered off the stage.

At this time, Zhang Guorong's face was already livid. It was obvious that he was suffering great humiliation in his heart.

Li Mu really could not stand it anymore. After Zu Yaoting made such a scene today, all the major entertainment newspapers would report it tomorrow, and the overwhelming news would once again push Zhang Guorong to the teeth of the storm. From now on, every negative news about him in the future would be one of the many straws that broke the camel's back. If no one gave him a helping hand at this time, he was afraid that before next April, the last straw would completely crush him, and the tragedy would repeat itself.

At this time, Li Mu suddenly stood up and strode onto the stage. He picked up the microphone that Zu Yaoting had thrown away from the ground and said to Xiao Fangfang, "President Xiao, please ask the sound engineer to turn up the volume of the microphone again."

Xiao Fangfang didn't know why Li Mu suddenly rushed up, but the scene was already very chaotic at this time. Everyone's attention was focused on the motionless Zhang Guorong and the arrogant Zu Yaoting who had walked off the stage. At this time, they really needed something that could divert their attention. She didn't know what to do, so she could only trust Li Mu for the time being.

Thus, Xiao Fangfang immediately asked the sound engineer to turn up the volume of the microphone again. Li Mu knocked on the microphone, and when he realized that there was a sound, he immediately coughed heavily into the microphone, giving everyone a fright and drawing everyone's attention to him.

Then, Li Mu took the microphone and said with a smile, "Mr. Zu was really funny just now. To be honest, this is the third time I've seen Zu Sheng. Every time I see him, I feel that his appearance is amazing, and his temperament is extraordinary. Indeed, he is not someone that ordinary people can compare to. However, Mr. Zu is a person of great status, and it is likely that he has forgotten me."

When he heard that someone was talking about him, Zu Yaoting turned his head and frowned at Li Mu. He didn't know this person, so why did he say that this was the third time he had seen him?

When had he seen him before?

At this moment, Li Mu smiled and said, "The first time I saw Mr. Zu was at the entrance of a gay bar on Bolan Street where foreigners gathered. That night, Mr. Zu came out of the gay bar with three black men who were more than 1.9 meters tall, and they left together. Later, someone told me that he saw with his own eyes that Mr. Zu was taken by the three black men in a small park nearby at three in the morning. Apparently, Mr. Zu enjoyed it very much, and said that it was great the whole time. However, he was a little unlucky that day, and didn't get to take a picture of them having sex in time. What a pity."

When Zu Yaoting heard this, he immediately exploded in anger. He pointed at Li Mu and scolded, "How dare you make up stories about me!"

However, he didn't have a microphone in his hand, and his voice was so soft that Li Mu couldn't hear him at all.

Li Mu ignored him and continued, "The second time I saw Mr. Zu was at Elizabeth Hospital. That time, it was also at night. I had a headache and a fever, and I went to the emergency room to get some medicine. Zu Sheng, accompanied by two strong white men, covered his back as he went to the emergency room. According to the doctor on duty that day, Zu Sheng was transferred to the emergency room that night because he was having too much fun. He lay on the hospital bed for five days, unable to get out. However, it was also unfortunate that Zu Sheng's two foreign boyfriends stopped him from taking a picture of him in time."