Chapter 1551

An hour later, Lin Ching-ah and Lu Xue shared a Cadillac sedan and quickly headed for Stockton, which was more than a hundred miles away. At the same time, Schwarzenegger also canceled the originally arranged social engagements and drove to Stockton with his campaign consultant to meet Lin Ching-ah.

On the way, Schwarzenegger was particularly excited about the upcoming in-depth cooperation with Makino Technology. Along the way, he recalled the strength and style of Li Mu that swept the world's major media with a short blog post.

Schwarzenegger had a fiery heart for politics, so he was particularly looking forward to the day when his speech, views, and attitude could be recognized by the world like Li Mu. However, his current information dissemination ability was far inferior to Li Mu's, so if he wanted to achieve this goal, it would only be possible if he reached a deep cooperation with Makino Technology.

Thinking of this, Schwarzenegger could not help but sigh. The campaign consultant next to him could not help but ask him, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, why are you sighing?"

Schwarzenegger laughed at himself and said, "Nothing, I just thought of something regrettable."

The campaign consultant wanted to ask him what it was, but seeing that Schwarzenegger had no intention of saying it, he smiled and said, "Regrets can be made up for through hard work."

Schwarzenegger shook his head. "Some regrets are inborn, and they can't be made up for."

The campaign consultant did not know what Schwarzenegger was talking about. In fact, in Schwarzenegger's heart, his biggest dream was not acting, nor was it to make money, nor was it to be a governor. His biggest dream was to become the president of the United States.

According to the political structure of the United States, it was very easy for governors and senators to run for president. If he won the governor's position in California, according to the political logic of the United States, he would have the opportunity to run for president.

But unfortunately, even if Schwarzenegger could get the support of more than half of the people, he absolutely could not participate in the presidential election. The reason was because he was born in Austria, not an American born in the United States. The United States stipulated that one must be a native-born American to run for the president of the United States. This rule made it completely impossible for Schwarzenegger to run for president.

After almost two hours of driving, Lin Ching-ah and Lu Xue arrived at the restaurant mentioned by Schwarzenegger. To their surprise, the restaurant chose to temporarily close for their meeting with Schwarzenegger.

When the two of them arrived, Schwarzenegger was already there. His staff invited Lin Qingya and Lu Xue into the dining hall, and Schwarzenegger, who was originally seated at a table in the middle of the dining hall, immediately stood up and welcomed the two warmly.

A middle-aged white man sitting next to Schwarzenegger immediately stood up and followed behind Schwarzenegger.

"Hello, Miss Lin."

On the way, Schwarzenegger had already read some information about Lin Ching-ah and remembered her appearance, so he recognized her at a glance. However, Schwarzenegger had never seen Lu Xue next to her, so he thought she was Lin Ching-ah's assistant.

"Hello, Mr. Schwarzenegger."

Lin Ching-ah shook hands with Schwarzenegger. Schwarzenegger introduced the middle-aged man next to him and said, "This is my campaign consultant, Thomas Johnson."

Lin Ching-ah very politely greeted Thomas Johnson, then pulled Lu Xue in front of her and introduced, "This is my assistant, Lu Xue."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly shook hands with Lu Xue and said with a smile, "Hello, Miss Lu. It's nice to meet you."

Lu Xue smiled generously and said, "It's nice to meet you too, Mr. Schwarzenegger. I'm a fan of yours."

Schwarzenegger laughed and said, "If that's the case, then you may be disappointed in the next few years. If I succeed in being elected governor of California, I will devote all my energy to making California a better place. During my term in office, I will not make any more films or TV series."

Lu Xue said, "That would be a great pity for us film fans."

Schwarzenegger laughed heartily and said, "It may not be a pity. If I fail in the election, I will still go back to Hollywood and continue to make films."

At this time, Lin Ching-ah interrupted and said with a smile, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, the reason why we came here is that we hope to help you succeed in the election, so in the next few years, I'm afraid you will have to leave the film industry temporarily."

Schwarzenegger naturally understood what Lin Ching-ah meant. Her subtext was that Makino Technology would definitely help him win the election, which made him particularly happy. He smiled and said to the two of them, "Miss Lin, Miss Lu, please sit down. Let's sit down and talk."

The four of them took their seats respectively. Lin Ching-ah and Lu Xue sat on one side, and Schwarzenegger and Thomas Johnson sat opposite them.

Schwarzenegger gave Thomas a look, wanting him to open the conversation first.

Thomas had participated in the presidential election and had also successfully participated in many governor and congressman elections. He had a deep understanding of the big set of things before and after the election, and he was particularly experienced.

Thomas, who got Schwarzenegger's look, said to Lin Ching-ah, "Miss Lin, can you give us a general idea of your company's specific attitude towards our election?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled slightly and said, "Li Zong's attitude is very simple. He personally thinks highly of Mr. Schwarzenegger, so he is willing to help Mr. Schwarzenegger win the governor's election. He also hopes to work with Mr. Schwarzenegger and his team in the next two terms to provide better publicity support for Mr. Schwarzenegger."

Thomas nodded and said, "Thank you very much for Mr. Lee's recognition of Mr. Schwarzenegger. We also know the strength of Makino Technology very well, but what we want to know is, what requests does Makino Technology have for us?"

For Schwarzenegger's team, although they were eager for the help of Makino Technology, they also wanted to know what Makino Technology's appetite was.

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Actually, we don't have any specific practical requests for the time being."

Thomas and Schwarzenegger were a little surprised and exchanged a look with each other.

Since Schwarzenegger announced the election, many rich people had expressed their intention to fund the election, and they had basically put forward their conditions. Some wanted land, some wanted policies, and some wanted qualifications. Everyone basically put forward these conditions clearly in advance.

Funders were willing to accept the reality that all the money would go down the drain if the candidate failed, but they also wanted the candidate to promise to fulfill the conditions according to their requirements after being elected. The candidate's campaign team would also analyze the feasibility of each condition and rationally look at which money could be taken and which money could not be taken. Just like an actuary calculating the bets before gambling in a casino, they would calculate the pros and cons of each condition.

During this process, they saw all kinds of strange requests, but they didn't see Makino Technology, who didn't even think about what they wanted.

Lin Ching-ah saw that both of them were a little surprised, so she explained, "According to our Li Zong's philosophy of life, he personally doesn't like to cooperate with one-shot deals. He hopes to develop a long-term, stable, healthy, and mutually beneficial cooperative relationship with all partners. The matter we are going to talk about today is the same."

Speaking up to this point, Lin Ching-ah paused and said, "If we make a clear request now, and you agree, that is, we will provide some help during the election, and after the election, we will completely end the cooperation between the two parties. This itself is not in line with our Li Zong's philosophy of life. What we hope most is that the two parties can carry out long-term, sustained cooperation.

It's like the difference between short-term investment and long-term investment. We don't want to treat this cooperation as a short-term investment. On the contrary, we hope to treat our cooperation as a long-term investment. "

Thomas nodded gently and said, "This is also the request of our team. It seems that we do have a lot of points of agreement."

"Of course."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "We have the best information delivery channel in the world. Even after Mr. Schwarzenegger takes office, we can also provide him with public opinion and escort in the process of his governance in California. It just so happens that our United States branch is opened in Silicon Valley, so Mr. Schwarzenegger can also provide long-term help for the development of Makino Technology in the United States in the process of governing California. This kind of sustainable and mutually beneficial relationship is the healthiest."

Thomas held his chin and pondered for a moment, then immediately asked, "In addition to Twitter, what other help can you provide us?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "That's really a lot. For example, today we can let our reporter write an interview titled 'From Action Star to Running for Governor — Schwarzenegger's Political Aspirations.' Then, we can write all of Mr. Schwarzenegger's political views and future governing plans. Then, we can post this article on YY and use YY to push it to all YY users in California. In this way, we can push Mr. Schwarzenegger's advantages to all netizens in California in a very short period of time. If we rely on rallies and speeches to spread this information, how many speeches do we need to achieve the coverage of YY push?"

Schwarzenegger's eyes lit up.

He was very clear about the process of campaign speeches. The number of voters that each speech could reach was at most a few thousand. California had a population of nearly 40 million. It would be exhausting to cover all of them.

It was also difficult for traditional television and print media to achieve a higher coverage. It was difficult for television media to have enough space to elaborate their political views. Even if they had this opportunity, the coverage would be far from the accurate push of YY on the Internet.