Chapter 1102

The leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV made a decision almost without hesitation. They told Chen Wan that as long as they could have an exclusive interview with Li Mu, even if the production team of "Super Girl" delayed for a week, it would be worth it. Therefore, they told Chen Wan not to care about the original work arrangement, and everything could be given way for the interview with Li Mu.

Li Mu's time in the United States attracted the attention of the media all over the world. Naturally, the most concerned was the domestic media. Li Mu disappeared for many days after returning home. Today was the first time he appeared in front of the domestic media. Whoever could get the first interview opportunity would be able to attract the attention of the national audience.

At this time, the competition between TV stations is news resources, not only to have exclusive news, but also to have exclusive interviewees. Li Mu is definitely the most popular interviewee in the eyes of the domestic media. To be able to get an exclusive interview with Li Mu is naturally of high importance to Xiangnan Satellite TV.

When Chen Wan saw that the station leader agreed so easily, she couldn't help but sigh in her heart that Li Mu was really smart. In this way, she could stay with him for two more days in Shenzhen and wait until the morning after tomorrow to leave.

Thinking of this, Chen Wan excitedly sent a text message to Li Mu: "Little rascal, the leader agreed. I'll leave the morning after tomorrow."

Li Mu quickly replied: "Then you go home first later. I'll finish my work early and go back early."

Chen Wan was originally scheduled to leave tomorrow morning. The launch ceremony of Taobao Logistics would be finished in the morning. So, Li Mu gave her a set of keys to the house, in case she had nowhere to go if he had something to do and couldn't leave.

Chen Wan thought about it. She agreed to interview Li Mu at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening, so she had nothing to do from now until the interview tomorrow evening. She could spend all this time with Li Mu, so she sent a message to Li Mu: "Then I'll go buy some groceries by the way. I'll cook dinner at home and wait for you. Can you come back for dinner?"

Li Mu replied: "Yes, why don't you buy groceries first? I'll go back early in the afternoon. I'll cook when I get back."

Chen Wan said, "Okay, then I'll leave first. Remember to let me know before you come back."

All the media reporters left the distribution base of Taobao Logistics in Shenzhen one after another. Chen Wan also said goodbye to her colleagues in Shenzhen. She put on a mask and went to the supermarket near Li Mu's home to do some shopping.

Li Mu and Brother Liu sorted out the major business segments of Taobao Logistics in the future. At the end of the year, the remaining five automatic sorting systems would be installed and debugged one after another. The second batch of more than a hundred heavy trucks purchased from Germany and Sweden by Taobao Logistics, as well as a large number of small and medium-sized trucks ordered from Iveco of Jinling would also be delivered in the second batch. At that time, the strength of Taobao Logistics' fleet would reach about 600 vehicles.

Liu Shixiong also introduced another important development to Li Mu. Zong Shen's first batch of 2000 custom-made three-wheeled motorcycles would be loaded from Shancheng. They would be transported by truck and rail to Taobao's six distribution bases across the country.

After the 2000 three-wheeled motorcycles arrived at the distribution bases, Taobao Logistics would transport them to the distribution points within the jurisdiction. This way, they could distribute the motorcycles in the shortest time possible.

The 2000 three-wheeled motorcycles were only the first batch. Zong Shen would continue to deliver 1000 three-wheeled motorcycles of the same model to Taobao Logistics in January next year. According to Taobao Logistics' plan, Taobao Logistics would deliver at least 5000 three-wheeled motorcycles to Taobao Logistics distribution points across the country by the second quarter of next year, which was April. They had to ensure that every distribution point had at least two three-wheeled motorcycles.

Li Mu had always emphasized the last five kilometers of delivery, so he asked Liu Shixiong to go to the motorcycle company in Shancheng to discuss the purchase and custom-made three-wheeled motorcycles for Taobao Logistics.

For the increasingly congested urban areas, express delivery would definitely sink to the fast, cheap and convenient two-wheeled vehicles and tricycles. Therefore, Li Mu deliberately requested a batch of custom-made three-wheeled motorcycles. The requirement was that they come with a closed container and a semi-closed cab when they left the factory. They also had to have a uniform paint job with an eye-catching Taobao Express logo.

In addition to being practical, such three-wheeled motorcycles also had a certain promotional effect. In the future, the streets and alleys would be filled with Taobao Express tricycles. Ordinary citizens would subconsciously associate express delivery with Taobao Express, which was very meaningful.

The cost of Taobao's three-wheeled motorcycles was quite high. Not only did they use a relatively high-end prototype body and power configuration, but they also required the tricycle's rear shock absorber to be designed and enhanced. In his previous life, the electric three-wheeled motorcycles that filled the streets would make a crashing sound when they passed a slight bump. It was especially memorable to Li Mu. He always felt that he had to put more effort into the shock absorber to improve its comfort and durability.

The reason why he didn't use the electric three-wheeled motorcycles was that electric scooters had not become popular yet. On the other hand, Li Mu also couldn't figure out the current level of battery technology. If it could only run a few dozen kilometers after a full day of charging, then it would be useless. Moreover, he also had to consider the battery's performance degradation, charging maintenance, and other issues. Therefore, it was not as convenient as using a gasoline motorcycle.

And the most important thing was that most cities had not banned motorcycles. The gasoline powered tricycles still had at least four to five years of lifespan. In some economically underdeveloped areas, they could even have a lifespan of ten years. Therefore, this batch of three-wheeled motorcycles would first be used by Taobao Logistics nationwide. Four to five years later, if the policies of big cities wanted to restrict them, then they could take out those vehicles and reinvest them in the less developed areas. Then, they could purchase electric three-wheeled motorcycles for the big cities' logistics outlets.

Liu Shixiong said, "In the third quarter of next year, if our Taobao Logistics network's development is in line with expectations, then the national demand for express delivery capacity will at least double. At that time, we might have more than eight thousand three-wheeled motorcycles running in urban and rural areas all over the country. Eight thousand three-wheeled motorcycles means that our Taobao Logistics will have at least eight thousand employees in the last five kilometers of distribution. At that time, the entire Taobao Logistics organization structure may reach twelve thousand people."

Twelve thousand people. Hearing this, Li Mu couldn't help but be shocked.

A logistics company was destined to be a huge organization structure. Not only did it have a lot of people, but it was also spread all over the country. It was very difficult to achieve centralized management. The more it was like this, the higher the requirements for the management level of the enterprise. In Li Mu's view, the only entrepreneur who had the ability to manage a huge team of ten thousand people, besides Liu Shixiong in front of him, was Shunfeng's Wang Wei. Fortunately, he had already recruited one of the two high-end talents.

Senior Brother Liu had his own set of management methods. He could manage a team of more than ten thousand people, or even twenty to thirty thousand people, in an orderly manner.

Because Li Mu was prepared to stay in Guangdong Province, he didn't discuss too much with Liu Shixiong. When he thought about Chen Wan waiting for him at home, Li Mu found it difficult to concentrate. It wasn't easy for her to come, and he couldn't bear to let her be bored at home alone.

At two or three in the afternoon, Li Mu said goodbye to Liu Shixiong and prepared to go home.

In the end, when Li Mu sat in the GL8, Li Mu received a call from Wei Lan.

Li Mu hadn't seen Wei Lan for a long time. During this time, everyone was very busy. He went to America for a long time, and Wei Lan was busy helping Song Liang and Chen Ze manage the commercial real estate project at Wanying Real Estate. They were so busy that they didn't even have time to chat on YY.

After picking up Wei Lan's call, Li Mu smiled and said, "Wei Lan, you're such a busy person. Why did you think of calling me?"

Wei Lan's pleasant voice sounded and said, "Li Zong, are you kidding? There's a busy person between us, but it's definitely not me."

As she said that, Wei Lan said, "Li Zong, you're really not a good person. When you went to America, you didn't even say hello. After being in America for so long, it wasn't easy for me to wait for you to come back. I wanted to welcome you in Yanjing, but you ran away again before you even showed your face."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not that I'm not a good person, but I'm really busy. Not only you, but I also didn't see Old Chen and Brother Liang."

Wei Lan said, "That's even more not a good person. Even if you don't want to see me, you should at least see CEO Chen and CEO Song!"

Li Mu said, "I'm really sorry. How about I treat you to a meal when I return to Yanjing? What do you think?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "In that case, let's not wait until we return to Yanjing. Let's do it today!"

"Today?" Li Mu asked her in surprise, "How are you going to treat me today?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I'm in Shenzhen!"

Li Mu was stunned and asked subconsciously, "Really?

You're in Shenzhen?

When did you get here? "

Wei Lan hesitated for a moment and said in a playful voice, "Guess?"

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "Don't tell me you just arrived in Shenzhen?"

"Smart!"

Wei Lan exclaimed and then said, "I just got off the ship. I'm near the airport. I heard that you're doing the automatic system activation ceremony for Taobao Logistics today. You shouldn't be far from the airport, right?"

Li Mu responded and said, "It's not far from the airport, just a few kilometers."

After that, Li Mu asked again, "What are you doing in Shenzhen?"

Wei Lan said, "I just brought my team to Hong Kong for a visit. I happen to have a good friend in Shenzhen, so I wanted to take a boat to visit her. Now that we're so close, aren't you going to treat me to a meal?"

Li Mu was surprised and said, "What a coincidence!"

Wei Lan nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, it's quite a coincidence."

However, Li Mu was a little embarrassed. Chen Wan was still waiting for him at home, and she had texted him to say that she had bought groceries and was waiting for him to go back to cook. He couldn't stand her up just because Wei Lan was here. After all, in his mind, Chen Wan was much more important than Wei Lan.

But Wei Lan had already said so, and the two of them were so close, it was impossible for him not to even meet her, so he asked, "You just came to Shenzhen, aren't you going to eat with your best friend tonight?"

"Uh, yes …"

Wei Lan was suddenly stumped by Li Mu's question. In fact, she didn't come to see her best friend at all. She didn't have any best friends in Shenzhen. It was just that when she was in Hong Kong, she heard that Li Mu was in Shenzhen. After not seeing him for so long, she wanted to come over to see him, but she was too embarrassed to say that she came to Shenzhen for him, so she made up a good friend.

She was thinking that Li Mu would take her to eat something delicious in Shenzhen at night, and the two of them could catch up and chat. This feeling of meeting an old friend in a foreign place might even improve the relationship between the two of them. She didn't expect that she was so stupid that she didn't consider everything. According to logic, what Li Mu said was right. She came to Shenzhen for her "best friend", so she must have dinner with her "best friend" at night. If she asked Li Mu to treat her to dinner, wouldn't that be contradictory?

Thinking of this, Wei Lan had an idea and said to Li Mu, "I mean, why don't you treat me to dinner now? I was busy coming here at noon, so I didn't have time to eat. Why don't you treat me to something to fill my stomach first? Otherwise, I'll starve to death before I can eat with my best friend tonight."

Li Mu thought for a while. The actual distance between them might be only a few kilometers. If he avoided her, it would be really unreasonable. Moreover, he invited her to dinner now. Even if it was not a serious meal, it should not take too long.