Chapter 38

"You're saying that Li Mu helped you earn 20,000 yuan?!"

When Zhao Kang's parents heard this, they instinctively refused to believe it.

Zhao Kang took out his phone and 2,000 yuan in cash and placed them on the coffee table at home. He said, "After deducting the money for the phone, there's still 15,000 yuan in my bank card. If you need it, I can go and get it for you tomorrow."

"This …" Zhao Kang's parents looked at each other.

Their family conditions were similar to Li Mu's, or even a little worse. Li Mu's father was a veteran technician in surveying, and his mother worked in finance. However, Zhao Kang's father was just an ordinary electrician, and his mother was a cashier in the mine's cafeteria. She didn't even have to deal with money every day. Instead, she used meal tickets, class meal vouchers, and other vouchers that were unique to the mine.

In terms of monthly income, the two of them were a few hundred yuan less than Li Mu's parents combined. This was already quite a big difference.

Zhao Kang's father was stunned for a long time before he said, "What exactly did you and Li Mu do?

You didn't do anything outrageous, did you? "

Zhao Kang said calmly, "He made a plug-in for a computer game and sold it for 200,000 yuan. I only helped him with some odd jobs. It wasn't even worth 200 yuan, but he gave me 20,000 yuan."

"Oh my god!" Zhao Kang's mother was stunned. "That kid, Li Mu, is so capable?

He can earn 200,000 yuan just by making something on a computer? "

His father was also so shocked that he couldn't say a word. He also looked like he had suffered a great blow.

Zhao Kang thought to himself that it was fortunate that Li Mu had requested for the total income to be 200,000 yuan. If he had told the truth, it would probably have scared people to death.

Zhao Kang's parents had always been very competitive. Although the two of them could only be considered below average in the entire Xiling Coal Mine, their drive was much stronger than most of the National People's Congress.

Both of them had a middle school education and had replaced their parents' jobs in the Xiling Coal Mine for 20 years. However, due to the limitations of their educational background, they had not been able to get promoted. This was also the reason why they insisted that Zhao Kang take a bachelor's degree. From their point of view, it would be difficult to get promoted in any company without an educational background. It would be even more difficult for him to make a name for himself in the future.

However, seeing that their son had earned 20,000 yuan in just a few days with the son of the Li family, which was more than their annual salary, they, who had always been strong, inevitably felt a little weak at this moment.

His weakness wasn't because he was greedy for money, but because the gap between them was too great. He couldn't just rely on being strong to make up for it.

At this time, Zhao Kang said again, "Little Mu wants me to work with him all the time. He is going to Yan Jing to study, so I also filled in a junior college in Yan Jing in my application."

At the mention of junior college, Zhao Kang's mother instantly became anxious again. She had clearly told her son to try to apply for a junior college. What if the situation was optimistic after the scores were announced?

What if the school would make up for it?

However, just when she was about to rebuke him, Zhao Kang said lightly, "It's not impossible to repeat, but Little Mu will definitely leave this year. People and things won't wait for me. If I miss this opportunity, who knows what I will miss?"

Zhao Kang's parents suddenly fell into silence.

The two of them looked at each other and actually saw the lack of confidence in each other's eyes.

It was not like this in the past. In the past, when they discussed this kind of problem, their tone, mentality, and even their eyes were very resolute. It could be said that they were as firm as a rock.

Zhao Kang's father sighed. "It seems that ordinary college students nowadays only earn a little more than 1,000 yuan a month in Haizhou, right?

2,000 yuan at most?

Anyway, I have never heard of a college student who can earn a salary of 2,000 yuan after graduation. "

"You can't say that."

Although Zhao Kang's mother refuted, her tone was obviously not confident. "After all, Li Mu's matter may not last long."

"But he is willing to take our Xiaokang." Zhao Kang's father sighed. "In this day and age, it is not easy to meet a benefactor."

Zhao Kang said, "Mom, Dad, Little Mu is really not an ordinary person. I clearly saw how he earned the 200,000 yuan. I dare not say anything else, but he definitely has the ability and the brains. He is very thorough in everything. Even people like you who have lived half of your lives can't compare with him."

Zhao Kang roughly talked about Li Mu's promotion of the Stoneware Overlord and the other party's appetite. Finally, he told the details of the other party meeting in Pengcheng and even the details of the other party pretending to be a local of Pengcheng. Now, the look in Zhao Kang's parents' eyes really changed.

Although they did not understand games or plug-ins, they felt that an eighteen -year-old boy was devising strategies.

"Old Li really raised a good son." Zhao Kang's father sighed. He took out a cigarette and put it in his mouth.

Zhao Kang hurriedly picked up a lighter from the coffee table and lit his father's cigarette.

Seeing that his parents' attitude had loosened, Zhao Kang also smartly took a step back. He used a persuasive and pleading tone to say, "Junior college is also a university. It's just a junior college. It's not like I want to drop out of school now. Moreover, I have heard that after finishing junior college, I can also enter a junior college. If there is not much progress in my career by then, I can also continue to take the exam."

This sentence was the last bullet to break down his parents' psychological defense.

Zhao Kang's father put out the cigarette and stood up. He said to his wife, "Let's go buy some things and bring Xiaokang to Old Li's house."

"Don't buy things."

Zhao Kang was extremely excited in his heart. He said, "Little Mu is rich now. There are many people in the neighborhood who know him. What would people think if we bring things to his house if it's not New Year's or a festival?"

Then, Zhao Kang said in a low voice, "Also, this matter should be kept between our two families."

"Do you think your mother is stupid?" Zhao Kang's mother glared at him. "Then don't buy things."

While Zhao Kang was persuading his parents, Li Mu was also explaining to his own parents.

In less than a week, Papa Lee and Li Ma could not accept the fact that there were eighty thousand yuan in the first place and one hundred and eighty thousand yuan in the second place.

"You brat, you secretly opened a money printing machine outside. That's as fast as you can get!" Papa Lee found it hard to accept.

Li Mu smiled and said, "My money came in an open and aboveboard manner. Didn't I tell you guys before that I'm going to make something online and see if I can make money? I'm lucky and I made some money."

"That's too fast!" Papa Lee felt a headache coming on.

Li Mu lay on the sofa. "I can't help it. I'm too strong. Moreover, this is just the beginning. There's still a long way to go before I can make money. Dad, you'd better be prepared."

"I …"

If Li Mu kept trying to explain, Papa Lee and Li Ma's doubts would be hard to dispel in a short time. The more he explained, the more they would want to know.

However, Li Mu did not play by the rules. He directly threw out the attitude of "Your son is so awesome, you'd better get used to it as soon as possible". His parents could not resist at all.

The quick-witted Li Mu solved all the problems about ten minutes earlier than Zhao Kang.

Then the family soon had a good time. Not long after, there was a knock on the door. Zhao Kang's family came.

Zhao Kang's parents were just eager to be strong. They pinned too much hope on Zhao Kang, but they were absolutely good people. Because Li Mu and Zhao Kang started a business together that the four of them could not understand, they soon changed from sighing together to laughing together.

That's true. I've never seen anyone who sees earning money as a bad thing.

Zhao Kang's parents sat at home with Zhao Kang for more than half an hour. Before leaving, Zhao Kang's father shook hands with Li Mu and said seriously, "Mu, when Zhao Kang goes to Yan Jing, you two have to take care of each other!"

Although he said so, the meaning of Zhao Kang's father's words was more that he hoped Li Mu would take care of Zhao Kang, but he did not say so for the sake of his son.

Li Mu nodded and said, "Uncle Zhao, don't worry. We grew up together. We will definitely take care of each other."

Zhao Kang's parents felt relieved and went out of Li Mu's house. Zhao Kang gave Li Mu a grateful look. He knew that he was completely free from this moment, and it was all thanks to Li Mu.

He could not help looking forward to the arrival of September, because at that time, he would leave Haizhou and set foot on the land of Yan Jing with Li Mu.