Chapter 929

In Zhang Heng's previous life, local governments had organized many entrepreneurship competitions in order to promote the development of high-tech enterprises. The name "entrepreneurship competition" sounded a bit exaggerated, but it was actually very valuable.

Generally speaking, the basic logic of entrepreneurship competitions was that the municipal government would take the lead and organize a high-tech enterprise entrepreneurship competition within the city's jurisdiction. They would give relatively generous promises and let the entrepreneurs bring their projects to participate in the competition.

The entrepreneurs would demonstrate, evaluate, deduce, and debate their projects in the entrepreneurship competition. After that, the government or the joint enterprise would select a ranking together. The higher the ranking, the various policies promised by the government, would give better opportunities for development.

This kind of entrepreneurship competition had a huge impact on the industry and the employees. It represented the government's support for the industry. The more the government supported the industry, the more entrepreneurs would actively invest in the industry, and naturally, more Internet projects would be born.

Sometimes, if the municipal government of a first-tier or second-tier city held a entrepreneurship competition, it could introduce at least dozens or even hundreds of Internet projects. The government only needed to provide some official resources to help a considerable part of the projects to be incubated. It could quickly promote the development of the Internet industry in a region, and it was a shortcut for the local government to adjust the industrial structure.

The government's favorite model for entrepreneurship competitions was to take the lead and pull the media, big entrepreneurs, and big investors to participate. On one hand, it could attract some sponsors to make the competition more attractive. On the other hand, it could use the reputation of the entrepreneurs and investors to make the competition more valuable.

For example, Li Mu was very famous, and so was the company behind him. Therefore, there was no doubt that his influence in the industry was great. If he was a judge in the entrepreneurship competition, it would be very convincing. If Li Mu could bring some resources from Makino Technology or Taobao as incentives, it would be even better.

The main reason why Li Mu was very interested in the entrepreneurship competition was that once the government stepped forward and he helped the government, the entrepreneurship competition would be attractive enough. If the entrepreneurship competition was a little bigger, it would definitely attract a lot of excellent Internet entrepreneurship projects and Internet entrepreneurship talents. In this way, it would naturally give him the opportunity to poach people and projects.

The entrepreneurship competition would definitely attract a large number of entrepreneurs to participate with their products, ideas, and projects. Once he found a good project, he could directly invest or even buy it!

He might even be able to lure out a few future big shots. It would be worth it to recruit anyone like Liu Shixiong!

After understanding all this, Li Mu also understood why many bosses of big companies liked to sponsor talent shows and beauty contests. They organized a beauty contest with great momentum and used extremely tempting conditions to attract beautiful girls from all over the world. Then, they would be able to enjoy the benefits first. When the time came, they could directly state their conditions to whichever girl they liked. Wouldn't they be able to choose one by one?

Ou Guangqing did not know what Li Mu was thinking about. When he was planning for the Entrepreneurship Competition, he was thinking about himself.

After the reform and opening up, there were higher requirements for the ability of the local officials to control the economy. The proportion of economic development in measuring the performance of the local officials was getting higher and higher. The reason why Ou Guangqing could get to where he was today was closely related to the economic reform and industrial restructuring he actively carried out when he was in charge of the local government.

Since Li Mu became popular in the eyes of the public, the Internet became a new product that swept the country. Recently, Makino Technology was like a hot knife cutting through butter overseas, which made him really realize the development potential of the Internet. Therefore, he planned the idea of such a "entrepreneurship competition" in his mind. He hoped to take the initiative to stand up and add fuel to the development of the Internet industry. If the entrepreneurship competition could be a great success, it would also be a great benefit to him.

Ou Guangqing was also very clear that if he wanted to make the competition bigger, he must have the help of Li Mu, because now in the Internet industry, no one was more influential than Li Mu.

Out of this consideration, Ou Guangqing introduced in detail to Li Mu, "As for the entrepreneurship competition, the preliminary idea of the municipal government is to do a good job, make it big, and make practical results. We will do our best to promote the development of the Internet industry in Yanjing. If we want to achieve this goal, we must make it big and let the Internet companies in the city, even the whole country, know about our entrepreneurship competition, so that they can participate with their own projects."

Li Mu said, "Secretary Ou, the entrepreneurship competition is a very good idea. If you need any help, just let me know."

Ou Guangqing nodded and said, "I want to develop Zhongguancun into the Silicon Valley of Hua Xia. I want to attract more enterprises to Yanjing and Zhongguancun. I want to encourage more young people to come to Zhongguancun to start a business. I want to improve the number and quality of the enterprises and talents in Zhongguancun. You are the leader of the Internet industry in our country, so I hope that you can be the judge of this entrepreneurship competition and the image spokesperson!"

Li Mu had been trying his best to promote the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia. Moreover, he had extraordinary feelings for Zhongguancun, so he almost immediately agreed to Ou Guangqing's request. He said without hesitation, "Secretary Ou, these are all no problem. I am willing to participate deeply."

Ou Guangqing smiled with great satisfaction and said, "It couldn't be better if you are willing to participate!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "In addition to being a judge, I should be able to provide certain publicity resources. Through the publicity channel of Makino Technology, I should be able to promote the entrepreneurship competition of the municipal government nationwide."

When Li Mu took the initiative to talk about publicity resources, Ou Guangqing's eyes immediately lit up!

What surprised him was that before he thought about how to ask Li Mu, Li Mu had already taken the initiative to bring it up!

What Ou Guangqing needed the most from Li Mu were two aspects of support. One was that he had to personally come out to support the entrepreneurship competition, and the other was to use the resources of Makino Technology to promote the competition.

If Ou Guangqing's target was only the startups in Yanjing, the municipal government could directly cooperate with the local industrial and commercial departments, tax departments, and TV stations to release the news to the entrepreneurs in the city. However, Ou Guangqing wanted to take advantage of the opportunity of the government's strong support for the development of the Internet to make a big move. However, if he wanted to look at the whole country, his own government order would not work.

As a municipal government, it was a big taboo to take the initiative to promote local policies in the national media, and it was easy to cause opposition from other local governments. Therefore, it was best to rely on Li Mu to do the national promotion. He himself was a judge of the competition. If he promoted the competition through his own channel, no one could gossip about it, and it would not cause dissatisfaction in the officialdom.

Thinking of this, Ou Guangqing was already very confident in this entrepreneurship competition. With Li Mu's strength and influence, as long as he was willing to participate, with his own promotion, not only would the entrepreneurship competition succeed, but it would also have a huge impact.

At this time, Li Mu secretly said, "Secretary Ou, I might as well take out tens of millions of yuan as an angel fund. All the award-winning projects in this entrepreneurship competition can apply for my personal angel fund. The minimum is one million yuan, and there is no upper limit. As for how much to invest and how to invest, we will discuss it according to the actual situation. However, once I decide to invest, I will definitely bring strong support in terms of resources to the other party. This means that the award-winning startup project will have the opportunity to become a part of Makino Technology's ecological strategy."

Ou Guangqing nodded with satisfaction and said, "This is the attitude I want!

As the industry leader, if you and Makino Technology are willing to support this entrepreneurship competition, I believe that it will bring great development to the Internet industry in Yanjing! "

Li Mu thought to himself, "Isn't that right? You are going to promote entrepreneurship nationwide, and the conditions are quite good. Not to mention other things, just the tax reduction is very attractive to enterprises. In the previous generation, Zijin City, Zang Province, and Jiang Province all gave certain favorable policies to high-tech enterprises. Many people chose to register their companies in these provinces and cities to start their businesses. Just the tax reduction alone can save a lot of money every year. Why not?"

If the Yanjing Municipal Government held a large-scale entrepreneurship competition, not to mention how many non-entrepreneurs would join the entrepreneurial army, a large number of entrepreneurs who were currently starting their own businesses in the country would be attracted and sign up for the competition.

At that time, all the award-winning projects and the projects favored by the competition would have to be located in Yanjing if they wanted to really enjoy the benefits of the competition. In this way, the Internet industry in Yanjing would have a large number of new forces. For the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee, vigorously and effectively promoting the development of high-tech industries would be a great political achievement.

At that time, Li Mu only needed to play the role of the image spokesperson and the role of angel investor. If there were projects that were good but had little to do with Makino Technology and Taobao, he would first invest a few million yuan and hold some shares. If there were projects that were suitable for Makino Technology and Taobao, he would directly hold the shares. Just like Lei Jianguo in his previous life, he could make a small amount of money. Even if only one-tenth of the enterprises were successful, he could still make a lot of money.

Ou Guangqing was very excited. The entrepreneurship competition was a large-scale policy project that he personally planned. The bigger it was, the more beneficial it would be for him. Today, with Li Mu's positive attitude as a guarantee, this project would definitely be a great success. Therefore, the next problem was how to report it to Li Mu.

Therefore, Ou Guangqing looked at Li Mu and was in a good mood. He immediately had the mentality that if you respect me, I will respect you ten times. He smiled and said to Li Mu, "For the time being, the entrepreneurship competition will be decided. The municipal government will formulate a complete plan as soon as possible. At that time, I will communicate with you and ask for your opinion."

Seeing that Li Mu nodded, Ou Guangqing continued, "Let's talk about Makino Technology. As a local enterprise in Yanjing and the leader of the entire industry, the government also hopes to provide more help and convenience to Makino Technology and Taobao. However, we don't know much about your needs, so if you need any help from the municipal government, just let me know. The municipal government will definitely give you as much help as possible within a reasonable range!"

…