Chapter 821

Chen Yuan wasn't the only one who was surprised. Even Chen Wan didn't expect that Li Mu would treat her father to such a simple and direct way of giving him special treatment.

She originally thought that the reason Li Mu treated her father to a meal was to give her face. She didn't expect that Li Mu would just tap his finger on the table and directly give her father such a huge business.

Although Chen Wan didn't know much about real estate, she had been influenced by what she had seen and heard for many years. She also knew how much profit there was in the supply of building materials for the next building. That was only in Jinling, and it was only a small and medium-sized building.

Now, Li Mu took out three large buildings and a large commercial real estate building in one go. The profit left for her father was probably enough to make him multiply his current net worth, and he would have to start from at least multiplying it by two.

When she thought about the profit, Chen Wan didn't feel happy. Instead, she felt inexplicably terrified.

After a moment of panic, Chen Wan finally grasped a trace of a reason.

She finally knew why she wasn't happy at this moment, but instead started to feel afraid.

It turned out that deep in her heart, she was afraid that Li Mu was doing this to make it up to her.

Li Mu must know how much she loved him, but she also knew that Li Mu had a girlfriend, and she was older than Li Mu by three years. She was even made into a public figure by Li Mu. She was afraid that it would be difficult for her to become the famous woman by Li Mu's side. Even so, she loved him, and she loved him wholeheartedly.

Deep down, Chen Wan wasn't a strong woman. The reason why she could get to where she was today wasn't because she wanted to pursue fame and prestige. It was because she felt that she was walking the path that he had arranged for her, doing the things that he had arranged for her, going to the places that he had arranged for her. As long as it was something that he had arranged for her, she was willing to do it. Even if she had to be separated from him for a short period of time, even if she had to go to a completely unfamiliar place, she wouldn't complain.

This was her feelings for Li Mu. When it was long, it was like a trickle. When it was turbulent, it was like a torrential river. No matter what, the water-like feelings never dried up. She firmly believed that as long as the water of her feelings didn't stop, one day it would fill the ravine, go around the mountain, and converge into Li Mu's vast ocean.

However, at this moment, an unprecedented panic surged from the bottom of her heart. She knew Li Mu was a man who valued relationships. Even if he did not love her, he would definitely use his own way to make up for her love even if he had sealed her love for him in his heart.

If that was really the case, then this might be his way of making it up to her …

Thinking up to this point, Chen Wan's heart surged with sorrow. Although she wasn't sure if Li Mu was really like what she guessed, when she thought of the possibility, she couldn't help but feel sorrow from the bottom of her heart.

At this moment, Li Mu and Chen Yuan didn't notice anything different about her.

The extremely excited Chen Yuan took the initiative to raise his wine glass and solemnly said to Li Mu: "Li Zong, this glass of wine is a toast to you. Thank you for thinking so highly of me. Don't worry, I will definitely do my best to do the construction materials business well!"

Li Mu couldn't help but feel a headache: "Uncle Chen, you're starting again …"

Chen Yuan slapped his forehead and said in annoyance: "Sorry, I was too excited and forgot about this."

With that, he raised his wine glass again and said: "Come, Li Mu, this glass of wine is a toast to you. I won't say too many words of gratitude. In the future, if there's anything in business, I will be at your disposal!"

Li Mu nodded and raised his wine glass: "I hope we can have a happy cooperation. In the future, Wanying's commercial real estate business is going to conquer the entire country. I also hope that before Wanying's iron hooves set out, I can have a group of completely trustworthy allies by my side!"

Chen Yuan felt enough respect and importance from Li Mu's words. Although his strength and interests weren't on the same level as Li Mu, Li Mu still gave him the respect and importance of an ally. This made him especially happy.

The two of them lightly clinked their glasses. Li Mu purposely placed the wine glass at the lowest level. At the same time, he also tried his best to tilt the glass so that the rim of the glass was even lower. This was the respect a junior had for an elder. It wasn't about how much money he had, how much less he was compared to him, and it definitely wasn't about whether or not he would be following him to earn money in the future. This was the respect he deserved for him, and also the respect he deserved for Chen Wan.

Chen Yuan saw Li Mu show respect to him regardless of whether it was a big or small matter, and he felt especially grateful in his heart. After lightly clinking his glass and raising his head to finish it, Chen Yuan hurriedly poured himself another glass of wine. He raised it and said to Li Mu: "It's all thanks to you that Xiao Wan was able to get to where she is today. Since she'll be driving later, then I'll represent her mother, her, and our family of three to thank you for everything you've done for her."

How could Chen Yuan not know that everything Li Mu did today was for his daughter's sake? Otherwise, with his status, it would be difficult for him to even see Li Mu. How could he have been invited to a banquet?

It would have been even more impossible for him to receive the many benefits he promised.

In short, he understood two things in his heart. First, his daughter liked him. He could be sure of this from her gaze just now. Second, Li Mu also valued his daughter a lot. Although he couldn't tell if he had the same feelings for his daughter, he could at least tell that his daughter had a very high position in his heart.

After hearing Chen Yuan's words, Li Mu subconsciously glanced at Chen Wan. For some reason, in that instant, he felt that he could see a bit of sadness in Chen Wan's expression.

Why would she be sad about something so happy?

Li Mu didn't understand. Chen Yuan was still holding a glass of wine in front of him. Li Mu didn't have the chance to think too much about it. He took the initiative to raise his glass and said to him, "Uncle, you're being too polite. Everything you've said is what I should do."

Li Mu spoke with determination because these words came from the bottom of his heart.

His feelings for Chen Wan were very strange. First, he clearly knew that Chen Wan hit him with her car in his past life, which affected his performance in the college entrance exams and indirectly affected his entire life.

However, Li Mu didn't blame her at all. He didn't blame her in his past life, because in his past life, Chen Wan was very proactive when it came to solving problems. She always wanted to pay for him to retake his studies, but he was eager to leave his high school life and stubbornly gave up.

After so many years, this person never appeared in his life again. Even when he wasted his time, he never blamed her in his heart. After all, she was willing to make up for everything, and he was the one who chose to give up.

It wasn't until Chen Wan's unexpected death that he found out that in his year of university, when his parents were laid off, and when Li Mu and his family were at their most difficult time, she was the one who silently paid for Li Mu's tuition and fees for his four years of university. If it wasn't for her, Li Mu didn't dare to imagine how hard his parents, who hid the news of being laid off from him, would have worked to fill such a huge financial gap in an era when laid-off workers were everywhere.

If it wasn't for her help, he might have dropped out of school in his second or third year, or his parents might have put in even more effort and hardship for him without him knowing.

Li Mu was a person who had a correct outlook on life and was exceptionally grateful. When he first found out about this, it was before Chen Wan's memorial service. He was already unable to repay her kindness, but who would have thought that the heavens would actually give him a chance to live again.

The turning point for his rebirth was still that collision with Chen Wan. Li Mu even felt that if he didn't have that collision in his previous life, he probably wouldn't have been reborn.

Li Mu even once had a thought: In my previous life, I only cared about taking care of myself and didn't do much good. Why did the heavens care for me?

For me to be reborn?

Moreover, the first person I met after my rebirth was Chen Wan. Does this mean that the heavens sent me back so that I could save Chen Wan?

Just this alone was enough to support Li Mu to do his best to think for Chen Wan. Not to mention, Chen Wan had given him too much care and concern in this life, and at the same time, she had given him too much love.

For Chen Wan's sake, what did giving her father this little benefit count as?

Moreover, his heart wasn't just grateful and repaying Chen Wan's kindness. In his heart, he couldn't resist the different feelings that Chen Wan, this considerate, kind, and gentle woman, gave him. After such a long time of contact, his heart had already naturally developed feelings for her that surpassed gratitude. Being reborn, how could he let down this feeling?

The reason why he didn't dare to directly respond was because he hadn't found a suitable place to place it.

However, Li Mu didn't expect that at this moment, when he was replying to Chen Yuan, the resolute tone in his voice intensified Chen Wan's sensitivity and lack of confidence. From her point of view, Li Mu had really treated treating her well as a responsibility that he couldn't shirk.

Chen Yuan, who was unable to hold back his emotions, didn't notice the loneliness and sorrow in his daughter's expression. He only cared about expressing the excitement in his heart. He pulled Li Mu along and drank cup after cup. In the middle of drinking, even his eyes were red.

Chen Yuan had struggled bitterly for decades and could be considered to have some achievements. But now, the benefits contained in a sentence from a young man was enough to match up to his decades of hard work, or even far exceed it!

This was really too suspicious of the authenticity of the words, as if it was a dream.

After repeatedly confirming the truth, Chen Yuan couldn't help but recall the hardships he had gone through in the business world over the past few decades, the difficulties of sailing in the wind and rain, the dangers of surviving in the midst of blades …

All of these were heavier than Mount Tai to him!

However, if he took out all of them and placed them on one side of the scale, he still wouldn't be able to place them on the other side of the scale. A promise from Li Mu.

Delightful, worthy of celebration, lamentable, and lamentable!

Delightful and worthy of celebration were the benefits that Li Mu had brought him. Not only were the benefits that Li Mu had promised him today, but there was also the long-term benefits of being tied to Li Mu and becoming a member of Li Mu's camp.

Lamentable and lamentable was the current him. After tasting the ups and downs of life for decades and thinking that he was already quite successful, when he compared himself to the twenty-year-old young man in front of him, he realized the huge gap between them.

Thus, everything that Li Mu had promised was really too meaningful to him.

…