Chapter 1250

Li Mu's understanding, deconstruction, and planning of charity made Liu Xinying feel as if she had received a baptism beyond her understanding.

When Li Mu slowly opened the blueprint of the "commercial charity model" to Liu Xinying, it was as if a whole new world had been opened to Liu Xinying.

Only then did she realize that charity could also be operated in such a high-end, more efficient, and more scientific way, which suddenly made her yearn for it.

After being surprised for a long time, Liu Xinying came back to her senses and asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, the key to this commercial charity model is not only a reasonable model, but also a strong social appeal, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "That's right. If you want it to work with a commercial model, you must first give it commercial value. You are from the fashion industry, so you should be very clear that no matter if it is a first-tier fashion brand or a second-tier or third-tier fashion brand, they will not sponsor an unknown ordinary person, nor will they lend their fashion, jewelry, and jewelry to him to attend events or take photos. But if the other party is a first-tier celebrity, then the result will immediately change 180 degrees. Whether it is a second-tier, third-tier, or first-tier brand, they will take the initiative to sponsor various products, and even pay high endorsement and publicity fees. This is the importance of commercial value."

Liu Xinying said, "It seems that apart from Central TV, the only one who really has the ability to run a large-scale commercial charity project is you, Mr. Li."

Li Mu nodded. "To put it bluntly, it is indeed so. Without a strong promotion system, it is impossible to support such a commercial charity project. Both Central TV and Makino Technology have such strength."

As he said this, Li Mu said again, "I think, to some extent, Makino Technology is even stronger than Central TV, because we have a global influence that Central TV cannot match. So, if Miss Liu is interested, we can put this commercial charity blueprint into practice together."

Liu Xinying exclaimed in admiration, "The Immortal Veterans project is indeed very significant. Mr Lee, your business model is even more significant in the future. To be honest, I really, really long for such an opportunity to do something meaningful, but I'm not confident enough in my own ability. Whether it's the Immortal Veterans project or the blueprint of the entire model, the responsibility is extremely heavy. I'm afraid that I can't handle it with my own ability …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's normal. You're worried that you won't be able to handle it, and I'm also worried that I won't be able to handle it. I have too much work to take care of right now, so I'm afraid that I won't be able to follow up on any of the projects myself. That's why I'm looking for someone who can replace me in this field. I'll try, you try, and we'll see if we can work together on this project. If we succeed, then this project and other projects in the future will have a chance to benefit for generations to come. If we fail, we can also accumulate experience together and start over.

If it doesn't work out, we can still look for other external help. "Liu Xinying pursed her lips for a while, then suddenly reached out her right hand to Li Mu and said with a firm expression," Mr Lee, thank you for your trust. I'm willing to join you! "

"That's great."

Li Mu smiled and shook hands with Liu Xinying. He said, "On behalf of the Immortal Veterans Project Foundation that hasn't been established yet, I welcome you to join us. From now on, you'll be the person in charge of this foundation."

Liu Xinying couldn't help but laugh. "So the project foundation has just been established. Does that mean that my next job is to recruit people and buy horses while confirming the implementation plan and preparing for the gradual implementation?"

Li Mu gave her a thumbs up. "Professional. The next step is indeed for you to recruit people and buy horses. At the same time, we'll confirm the implementation plan together. I, Makino Technology, Taobao Technology, and Alipay will jointly invest 100 million yuan as the start-up capital of this charity foundation. This money will be fully controlled by you."

Liu Xinying said in surprise, "Mr Lee, you and your own company will invest 100 million yuan?"

Li Mu nodded. "The start-up capital. If the funds for the later stage of the project don't run smoothly, I can still invest more."

"No."

Liu Xinying said, "100 million yuan is already a lot of start-up capital. There are very few private charity funds in the country that invest so much money at the beginning. If the charity funds exceed 100 million yuan, they are basically all investment-type funds. The capital is used for investment, and the profits are used for charity. In that case, not much money is really invested in charity."

Li Mu said, "We don't do investment-type charity funds. It's meaningless. Instead, it makes the charity fund less pure. I'd rather set up two funds, one purely for making money, and the other purely for charity. That's much better than mixing these two things together."

Liu Xinying agreed and said, "That's true. The accounts of many investment-type charity funds are not open and transparent enough, especially overseas. Charity funds have been used by the rich as a safe haven to avoid inheritance tax."

Speaking of this, Liu Xinying asked Li Mu, "Mr Lee, do you have a preliminary plan for our Undying Veterans Project?"

Li Mu nodded. "My preliminary plan is to immediately start preparing the publicity materials after the team is set up. The publicity materials are mainly to find a group of representative veterans, interview and restore their stories in detail, and then make them into various media to be used as publicity for the Undying Veterans Project."

"Right now, there's a very good opportunity. The movie 'Flying Tigers' is about to officially start shooting, so my idea is to start looking for Hua Xia's Flying Tigers veterans. Taking advantage of the popularity of the movie, we can use the resources from the movie to do a public welfare campaign to find Hua Xia's Flying Tigers, and then promote our Undying Veterans Project. The social influence of 'Flying Tigers' is too great. I believe that with this momentum, we can definitely make the Undying Veterans Project a hit."

Liu Xinying could not hide her excitement and said, "If it's linked with the film and television, then the social influence of this project will definitely be very great. It will make people realize that veterans are worthy of respect, and then mobilize the people to find and help more veterans. When the social influence is big enough, the Undying Veterans brand will naturally have enough commercial value. At that time, we can carry out a comprehensive commercial operation."

"Yes!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's it. As long as this project is done, we will do a 'Baby Coming Home' charity project in the next stage."

"Baby coming home?"

"That's right, baby coming home."

Liu Xinying said, "Does it sound like a charity project to help find missing children?"

Li Mu said, "That's right. The core goal is to help find abducted children and let the abducted children go home to reunite with their parents. At the same time, it's a project to help crack down on child abduction criminals."

For Li Mu, when his ability improved to a certain level, charity was indeed an unshirkable responsibility. Therefore, his idea was that if he found the right person, built the right team, and built the right business model, then he must promote this healthy charity model on a larger scale.

3321 was a charity project for needy college students and primary and secondary school students; Veterans Don't Die was a charity project for the surviving veterans of World War II. However, there were still many groups in society that needed help, such as the disabled, heroes who had sacrificed themselves for a just cause, and children suffering from rare diseases. These groups all needed the help of social charity. He might not be able to do all of them, but if he could do one more, he naturally couldn't avoid it.

In his previous life, Li Mu had seen too many cases of child abduction and trafficking. He had also watched two movies about finding abducted children, which were played by Huang Bo and Liu Dehua. Behind every abducted child, there was a family that had fallen into endless sorrow. Countless parents persisted in searching for the whereabouts of their children for more than ten or twenty years. Even if their lives were as poor as a church mouse, even if they had reached the point where they were neither human nor ghost, they still persisted in searching. Such families needed the help of society, not just psychological and material help, but also as much as possible to help them find the whereabouts of their children.

Although Liu Xinying came from an excellent family, she was no stranger to the phenomenon of child abduction and trafficking. Like Li Mu, she knew the responsibility and significance of this. Therefore, she blurted out, "This project is of great significance. It's really necessary!"

Li Mu nodded. "Not only is it of great significance, but the workload is also very large. If we want this project to run, not only do we need a lot of funds and a large number of volunteers from all over the country, but we also need to build advanced hardware to support it. At the same time, we need to coordinate with the public security department. Therefore, this project is much more difficult than Veterans Don't Die."

Liu Xinying asked in confusion, "Mr. Li, I understand the rest, but you said that we need to build advanced hardware. What do you mean by that?"

Li Mu said seriously, "DNA database!"

Thinking that the first DNA database would take at least five or six years to be built, Li Mu explained to Liu Xinying, "There are many situations that abducted children face. From the perspective of the parents, there is only one problem, and that is, they can't find their own children.

From the perspective of the child, there are many kinds of problems.

It's possible that the child knows that he has been abducted, but his adoptive parents don't let him find his biological parents.

It's possible that the child knows that he has been abducted and has the ability to find his biological parents, but can't find them.

It's also possible that the child doesn't know that he has been abducted and sold.

It's more likely that the child is still in swaddling clothes. The public security department rescued them from the hands of human traffickers, but couldn't find their biological parents. In the end, they could only send them to an orphanage …

There are so many possibilities. If we build a DNA database, we can solve at least half of these problems, because DNA is a person's most complete life information chain. In theory, if we can collect the DNA information of all the parents who have lost their children in the country and build a database, then if a child who is suspected of being abducted is rescued, we can collect his DNA information and compare it with the entire database to find his parents. If there is an abducted child who wants to find his parents, then we can help him find his parents by collecting his DNA information. If the public security department finds a child who is suspected of being abducted and sold, we can also use this method to find the child's biological parents … "