Chapter 1740

The weather in Boston was very cold, and there was a thick layer of snow on both sides of the road. Fortunately, there was no mud on the road, and it looked very clean.

Lin Ching-ah had arranged for the branch of Makino Technology in Boston to book a high-end motorcade and security team for Li Mu in advance. Li Mu sat in the Cadillac, which was similar to the US President's Army One, and went to the restaurant where he had agreed to meet Su Yingxue.

When the motorcade was less than a kilometer away from the restaurant they had booked, Li Mu saw a figure carefully moving forward on the side of the road. The man was wearing a long white down jacket and wrapped himself tightly with a hat with a thick fur collar.

For some reason, Li Mu felt that the owner of this figure must be Su Yingxue.

Therefore, he asked the driver to pull over, rolled down the window, and called out to the girl, "Yingxue!"

Su Yingxue, who was wearing a big hat and a thick mask and looking down at the road, suddenly raised her head and looked at Li Mu in surprise and delight.

Li Mu hurriedly opened the door and got out of the car. He walked to her in two or three steps and asked, "Why did you walk here?"

Su Yingxue pointed behind her and said with a smile, "I took the subway here and walked about a few hundred meters."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's too cold. Get in the car."

Su Yingxue blinked and asked him, "Do you want to walk?

It won't be so cold if you walk. "

Li Mu nodded and extended his hand to her.

Su Yingxue handed her hand to Li Mu, and Li Mu used his right hand to put her left hand into his pocket.

After taking a few steps, Li Mu hurriedly put on the down jacket's hood. The cold wind was like a knife, and it was really uncomfortable.

Li Mu couldn't help but sigh, "This damn place is much colder than the winter in Yan Jing."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "You didn't learn geography well. The latitude of this place is similar to the northeast, and extreme weather is more common. The highest temperature these days is only minus three degrees Celsius. It often snows in Boston, and it's common for snow to be knee-deep."

Li Mu said, "Then you have to take care of yourself. Don't catch a cold."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "The school is fine. The heating is more adequate. Although it's freezing outside, the temperature in the classrooms, dormitories, and libraries is around 20 degrees Celsius. As long as you don't stay outside for too long, it's usually fine."

Then, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Did you come to America to discuss the acquisition with Ford?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Ford is one thing, and Google is going to be listed soon. Their CEO invited me to Nasdaq to ring the bell with him."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Before I came out, I saw the news about you acquiring the Ford brand. The Chinese students in the school were very excited, and there were even boys shouting your name in the dormitory, saying that you are very cool."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm very cool just because I spent some money?

At the very least, you'll have to wait until I revitalize these three half-dead brands first. "

"You can definitely do it."

Su Yingxue said seriously, "I think that even if you don't do anything, just use your influence, and add to the fact that these three brands have been acquired by Hua Xia and become Hua Xia's car brands, the domestic sales will definitely increase a lot."

Li Mu said, "If I just play the national card and make use of people's love and recognition for their own nationality, it will more or less be a little despicable. These brands have their own reasons for being half-dead. In the final analysis, the overall level of the products, especially the price-performance ratio, is still lacking. Otherwise, they wouldn't have fallen to this point today. If I bring them back to Hua Xia and sell them to my compatriots, even if they are willing to buy them, I will feel guilty."

Then, Li Mu said seriously, "This five billion US dollars is not to buy a profitable industry, but to buy an opportunity to change the industry and become stronger. So for a long time in the future, I may not change the operating model of these three brands. I will just move most of their hardware and software to Hua Xia, and then let them be reborn in Hua Xia. At that time, I will make them the world's first-class car brands."

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "I believe in you. I believe that it won't be long before these three brands will be reborn in your hands."

Li Mu stopped and looked at Su Yingxue. He asked seriously, "Yingxue, do you like cars?"

Su Yingxue looked at him warily. "What? You're not going to give me a car, are you?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Can't I?"

Su Yingxue shook her head and said with a smile, "I don't need a car now. I don't go out of school even once a week, so I don't need one at all."

Li Mu nodded and asked again, "Then let me ask you a simple question. Do you like cars?"

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "Then let me answer you simply. I like cars. Otherwise, I wouldn't have gone to get a driver's license with you after the college entrance examination."

Li Mu asked her, "What do you think of cars?

Or rather, what do you like about cars? "

Su Yingxue was a little stunned. She asked him, "Shouldn't you be asking me what brand of cars I like or what type of cars I like?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Answer my question first."

Su Yingxue thought for a moment and said, "I think cars are not just a product or a tool. They also have a lot of emotions in them. They are an extension of ordinary people's speed, their eyesight, and their freedom. Moreover, they are also one of the national industries that people pay the most attention to. Therefore, their energy density is very high. This is the main reason why I like cars."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I suggest that from now on, you should learn more about the car industry, especially the management of tens of thousands of people in the car industry and the establishment of a global sales network. In addition to the level of the car industry itself, these two aspects also have a great impact on the car industry."

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "There's a lot of knowledge in this. It's hard to master it without ten or twenty years."

Li Mu said, "You have two years."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "Two years?

What do you mean? "

Li Mu said seriously, "I should complete the acquisition of the three sub-brands of Ford in three months, and then I will establish Muye Automobile Group. The first stage is to move these three brands to Hua Xia. The second stage is to integrate these three brands and our own brands in China. After the integration, we will immediately launch new models. If we are fast, the new cars will be tested all over the world in more than a year. When you graduate from college, Muye Automobile Group should be on the right track."

Speaking of this, Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue and said seriously, "I hope that you will return to China and join Muye Automobile Group after graduation."

Seeing that Li Mu was not joking, Su Yingxue nodded almost without thinking and said, "Then I will hurry up and improve myself in the next two years."

Li Mu asked, "Aren't you curious about what position I'm going to give you?"

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "I'll listen to your arrangements. I'll do whatever you arrange."

Li Mu nodded and said, "When Muye Automobile Group is established, I will concurrently serve as the CEO, but I hope that in the future, this position can be handed over to you."

"This …" Su Yingxue was so surprised that she didn't know how to answer for a while.

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't doubt it. Believe me, you are born to be a strong woman. In this case, why do you need to work for a top 500 company in the future? It's better to participate in the birth of a new top 500 company. I believe that one day, Muye Automobile Group will not only become a top 500 company in the world, but also the top of the world's automobile industry."

Su Yingxue bit her lip and wanted to say something, but she swallowed the words when they were about to come out of her mouth.

She wanted to say that she didn't have the ability to be the CEO of an automobile group, but she felt that since Li Mu had this plan, she couldn't feel that she wasn't qualified at this time. There was still plenty of time in the future. Given enough time, she might be able to become the kind of strong woman that Li Mu wanted her to be.

Thinking of this, Su Yingxue said with a very firm expression, "I will definitely do my best, but I have to make it clear first. If I have the ability, I will definitely take this position. But if I can't reach this level by then, you can't force me to do something beyond my ability!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Don't worry. If I really think that you can't do it, I won't force you."

Su Yingxue breathed a sigh of relief and said seriously, "Then it's settled."

As early as when he wanted to take over the three brands of Ford, Li Mu had thought about this problem.

Since he had decided to set up an automobile group and make this matter as big as possible, he must have someone he could trust, and someone who was capable enough.

Su Yingxue had become a senior executive of a foreign company in her previous life. Although he didn't know exactly what she did and how capable she was, she was a girl from a small place. She could climb up step by step in a foreign company of the top 500 on her own, which proved that she must be very capable.

Since she had this foundation, it was possible for her to be the CEO. Moreover, he would be controlling the overall situation behind her, so there wouldn't be too much pressure on Su Yingxue to make decisions.

In Li Mu's opinion, no one was more suitable than her for this position.

In the future, Muye Automobile Group would be handed over to Su Yingxue, and Makino Image would be handed over to Chen Wan. Although Wanying Real Estate was not an industry of Makino Technology, he still held more than 30% of the shares. In the future, all the real estate matters would be handed over to Wei Lan.

Chen Wan and Wei Lan's ability in the culture and entertainment industry and the real estate industry had been proven. As for Su Yingxue, Li Mu was not in a hurry. He could let her grow slowly, and there was still time.

After discussing this matter with her, Li Mu felt particularly comfortable.

The two strolled on the cold streets of Boston. Although it was freezing, the feeling of holding hands and walking side by side in a foreign country was particularly warm.

They ate dinner together, and when they came out, it was snowing heavily like goose feathers in the Boston sky again.

It was almost late at night, and the temperature was much lower than before.

Li Mu wanted to take Su Yingxue directly to the car, but she asked Li Mu expectantly, "It's snowing. Do you want to try walking in the snow?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, but we can't walk all the way back to the hotel. If I remember correctly, the hotel is quite far from here."