Chapter 994

October 15th, midnight.

The Taobao Alliance's advertisement was officially launched.

The individual webmasters who had been waiting for a long time went online one after another at the Taobao Alliance's rich media advertising code.

The new advertising model meant that their income had entered a new era. For every individual webmaster, the website's advertising revenue was almost their only source of income. Therefore, everyone was very concerned about how much the website's actual income would be after the Taobao Alliance's launch.

Fortunately, the Taobao Alliance's income model was a guaranteed base and a share of the profits. Therefore, there were only two scenarios that awaited them: either they earned the same amount as before, or they earned more than before. There was no risk involved.

After midnight, a considerable number of individual websites had obvious visual changes. In the past, the rich media advertisements on the pages were too messy. However, after using the Taobao Alliance's rich media, they became much more orderly.

Users who had seen all kinds of messy advertisements in the past couldn't help but be curious when they saw that the advertisements on the pages had been replaced with advertisements for Taobao products.

Taobao's method of displaying multiple product advertisements at once was more attractive to users than other advertisements.

The next morning, in less than ten hours after the launch of the Taobao Alliance's advertisement, all the individual webmasters involved in the Taobao Alliance experienced the power of the Taobao Alliance.

By 9: 00 a.m., 40% of the websites had earned more than the guaranteed amount. Of the remaining 60%, most of them had earned more than half of the guaranteed amount.

According to the calculation of time, most of the websites would earn more than the guaranteed amount today.

In the past nine hours, the ones who were most surprised were the small and medium-sized Taobao sellers.

The Taobao Alliance had taken down so many cooperating websites in one go, increasing the Taobao Alliance's external traffic overnight. All of this new traffic, without exception, was directed to the small and medium-sized Taobao sellers' products for free.

Many Taobao sellers had not slept since midnight last night until 9 in the morning. The reason was that they were overwhelmed by the endless stream of inquiries from customers.

According to Taobao's backend data, in just the past nine hours, the Taobao Alliance had brought millions of traffic to Taobao. They had directly facilitated more than 100,000 orders, with a turnover of 12 million.

Among them, there were dozens of online stores that sold more than 10,000 RMB worth of goods in one night. There were also a few online stores with higher overall weight that sold more than 100,000 RMB worth of goods in one night. The sudden and ferocious traffic bonus made the Taobao sellers, who did not know what was going on, ecstatic. It was as if US dollars had suddenly fallen from the sky!

The 24 year old Han Wei was a young man from the southwest mountains. When he was 18 years old, he left the mountains to work in Yang Cheng City. He worked in a garment factory near Yang Cheng City for six whole years.

After the Taobao Network was set up, Han Wei used the little resources he had in the garment industry in Yang Cheng City to find acquaintances in a few garment factories to get low price distribution channels. He then opened an online store in Taobao.

Han Wei's online store was one of the earliest online stores in Taobao. Han Wei thought very clearly at that time. He felt that there were too many garment factories in Yang Cheng City, and there were also many garment wholesale markets in Yang Cheng City. It could be said that Yang Cheng City was the distribution center of all the clothing in the country.

Moreover, not only was there a sufficient supply of goods, but most importantly, as long as you had the connections, the cost of the clothing was extremely low. There was enough room for profit.

In the other provinces of the mainland, no matter how small the city, a short-sleeved T-shirt would cost at least 10 RMB. However, those T-shirts that were sold for more than 10 RMB in the shops could be sold for less than 5 RMB in the clothing factories in Yang Cheng. The more expensive the clothes, the higher the profit margin.

Han Wei basically didn't invest much in this online store. He bought a second-hand digital camera and opened it in a hurry. He took samples from various garment factories, took photos, and uploaded them to the Taobao store. Then, he didn't spend a single cent to purchase the goods. Every time he sold a piece, he would take another one from the factory. Just by doing this, he was able to earn ¥2-3,000 a month from the Taobao store. In 2002, this wasn't a small sum, and it had far exceeded his salary.

Han Wei also had a good relationship with a fellow countryman named Dong Shaoping. When he saw Han Wei start a Taobao, Dong Shaoping also started one. Dong Shaoping's brain was even more flexible than Han Wei's. Other than the normal sales, he would also secretly sell fake branded goods on the Taobao.

Dong Shaoping was relatively shrewd. The fake goods he sold were usually sold to customers who knew the goods were fake. These customers were willing to pay a higher price for fake branded goods, and they would not complain to the platform that he sold fake goods. Dong Shaoping was very happy to do this kind of business.

As time passed, Dong Shaoping's seller ranking in Taobao gradually surpassed Han Wei's. His income was also a level higher than Han Wei's. He could earn ¥5,000 to ¥6,000 a month.

Because of his high income, Dong Shaoping even quit his job in the garment factory and focused on running the online store.

Some time ago, when Letao was poaching people everywhere, they also found Han Wei and Dong Shaoping. After Dong Shaoping heard about the various preferential policies of Letao, he was almost instantly moved. He became the first batch of Taobao sellers to open a store at Letao. He also spared no effort to persuade Taobao users to place orders at Letao, so that he could earn more profits.

Han Wei was not interested in Letao's recruitment. It was not because he didn't like money, but because he felt that the most important thing in opening an online store was to choose a platform to cooperate with, and then do your own accumulation on the chosen platform. Now that he had a certain foundation in Taobao, if he shifted his focus to Letao at this time, then all his accumulation in Taobao would be in vain.

Under such circumstances, Han Wei did not immediately agree to open a store at Letao. Instead, he held a wait-and-see attitude and continued to run his own online store.

He didn't expect that it was because of his persistence that brought him such a huge turnaround.

Before the Taobao Alliance was online, Li Mu had thought about a problem. Not only did he want to use the Taobao Alliance to stimulate Taobao sellers to make them choose to fully operate in Taobao, but he also hoped to use the Taobao Alliance to teach those Taobao sellers who were bewitched by Letao some lessons.

Therefore, the Taobao Alliance quietly crawled Letao's page and used the text in Letao's product description as the key to compare it with the Taobao's product description in their database.

The basis for this comparison was that most Taobao sellers' product descriptions on Letao's shelves were highly overlapping with their product descriptions on Taobao's shelves. Therefore, as long as Letao's product description matched with similar sellers on Taobao's website, then even if the two platforms' store names were different and the sellers' nicknames were different, it could be concluded that they were the same person.

The batch of sellers that were selected through comparison were all on the Taobao Alliance's blacklist. In other words, no matter how the Taobao Alliance's promotion algorithm was calculated, it was impossible to promote the products in their stores.

On the first day that the Taobao Alliance was online, this gap was immediately highlighted.

Last night, Han Wei suddenly received a lot of messages from Taobao buyers. In the past, he had almost no business after 12 o 'clock. There were even fewer inquiries. However, he didn't expect that after 12 o' clock last night, a large number of buyers poured into his store. They were all interested in the best-selling men's jacket in his store.

This men's jacket that was priced at 128 yuan was very good. The quality, workmanship, and materials were relatively exquisite. It was the most cost-effective product that Han Wei felt was currently on hand. Last week, he sold a total of 20 jackets of this type, which earned him more than a thousand yuan in income in a week. It could be said that the harvest was quite rich.

However, what he didn't expect was that last night, a strange wind came out of nowhere and brought in a large number of buyers. He was confused and kept making deals. Han Wei couldn't bear to sleep last night and worked until 9 o 'clock in the morning. He couldn't believe that in one night, he sold 350 pieces of this 128 yuan jacket!

The unshaven Han Wei sat alone in front of the computer, using the calculator to calculate several times. Every time, he would stare at the number 52500 in a daze. In just one night, he had sold more than 50,000 yuan of goods!

What's going on?

What's going on?

Are US dollars falling from the sky?

Han Wei was very excited, but he was also very puzzled.

The sudden influx of huge traffic was simply too incredible!

And he had a net profit of more than 20,000 yuan in sales of more than 50,000 yuan overnight!

The profit of one night was equivalent to a year of his salary!

Han Wei didn't know where these buyers who appeared out of nowhere came from, but he knew very well that he had to seize this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to make money. Therefore, he immediately called the clothing factory that produced this jacket and ordered 350 pieces of goods. He planned to not go to work that day and continue to keep an eye on Taobao while delivering the goods to these three hundred buyers.

Coincidentally, Dong Shaoping was also selling goods from this clothing factory. This company produced a type of Puma pullover with good workmanship and materials. The purchase price was only a little more than 20 yuan, but in the online shop, it could be sold for 60 to 70 yuan. Dong Shaoping had been focusing on promoting this type of clothing for the past few days, and it was selling very well. Early in the morning, he called an acquaintance of the clothing factory and said happily, "Old Zhou, prepare 30 pieces of that Puma pullover for me. I'll pick it up in the afternoon."

Thirty pieces represented a profit of 1,500 yuan. Dong Shaoping was very pleased with himself. Usually, when he asked Old Zhou for goods, Old Zhou would exclaim and praise him when he asked for more than 20 pieces. This time, he asked for 30 pieces in such a short time. He would definitely be so surprised that he couldn't close his mouth.

However, Dong Shaoping didn't expect that Old Zhou wouldn't praise him this time. Instead, he said something that Dong Shaoping wouldn't believe even in his dreams.

"Shaoping, your fellow countryman, Han Wei, just called me. He asked for 350 pieces of the jacket that we sold for 70 yuan!"

…