Chapter 107

On September 1st, the registered users of ETing.com exceeded three million. The launch of Tieba more than doubled the number of registered users in just a few days.

The daily traffic finally touched the million mark. The vice president of Baidu, who was in charge of all products, saw the traffic report of ETing.com before he got off work. He was shocked and personally experienced it. When he realized the potential of Tieba in the community field, he immediately asked his secretary to arrange an emergency meeting for the next morning.

In the country, no other company was more concerned about the movements of its users than Baidu. In the beginning, they only focused on making a good search engine. However, when they took out their search engine, it was just a transfer station for users. Users could choose their own routes at the transfer station and then step onto other people's vehicles. As a result, Baidu started to consider a problem after it started to develop. It was to rely on its own transfer station to open up a few routes that belonged to it.

Gradually, there was a series of products such as MP3 download, Tieba, Tieba, Wikipedia, and so on. At present, their two major products in the future, MP3 download and Tieba, were both taken away by Li Mu. Although the vice president didn't know that he was taken away by someone else, he also realized the future development potential of these two products. Although ETing.com was just born, it already made him feel a little worried.

On the night of September 1st, Li Mu's Metersbonwe store also did an inventory of August.

After 14 days of opening in August, the total turnover reached 700,000 yuan. This amount simply made Li Mu's eyes pop out.

Excluding the first few days of opening, after stabilizing, the daily turnover was more than 20,000 yuan. Not to mention Papa Lee and Li Ma, even Li Mu felt that it was subverting his understanding.

However, after his aunt took out the analysis data of the sales volume, she gave a few reasons why the sales volume was too high.

First, the publicity work was done very well. Metersbonwe's popularity had reached its peak in Haizhou. Because of Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun, many gangsters in Jiangcheng even regarded Metersbonwe as their own wardrobe.

Second, Metersbonwe's brand recognition was high. It was better than several other leisure brands in Haizhou, so it took away a lot of customers from other stores.

Thirdly, the autumn season was about to start, and it was the peak season for clothing sales.

These three factors created the miracle of 700,000 yuan in sales in just over ten days. This sales volume even shocked the headquarters. The manager in charge of maintaining the franchisees at the headquarters even took the initiative to call to congratulate them.

After these days of stimulation, Papa Lee and Li Ma had completely immersed themselves in the store business. They also burst out with extraordinary enthusiasm. Seeing his parents' enthusiasm and unwearied appearance, Li Mu was not only happy, but also grateful for his choice. It seemed that he had indeed made a good move when he insisted on opening this store.

Papa Lee said that after making so much money, they should buy a new house in Haizhou. The house prices in Haizhou were cheap now, less than 1,000 yuan per square meter. A three-bedroom apartment was only a little more than 100,000 yuan. Including the renovation, it would cost less than 200,000 yuan.

Li Ma said, "If you want to buy a house, don't buy it in Haizhou. Xiaomu is going to go to college in Yan Jing. Just buy a house for our son in Yan Jing."

When Li Mu heard this, he was so surprised that he couldn't speak. In his previous life, he didn't see that his mother was so economic. The "banks" with the highest deposit interest rate in the world were the real estate markets in Yan Jing and Shanghai. The money deposited in the banks would at least be five times more in ten years. If the location was chosen, it would not be a problem to increase more than ten times.

Papa Lee was also surprised. He asked Li Ma, "How much is the house price in Yan Jing?"

Li Ma said, "I asked around. The house price in the district where our son's school is is more expensive. It's about 7,000 yuan."

Papa Lee was stunned. "7,000 yuan?

Why don't you rob?

How much does an ordinary worker earn in a month? "

"The location is different. There are many excellent elementary, middle, and high schools near our son's school. Every inch of land is expensive in Zhongguancun. If we avoid Zhongguancun, it's only about 5,000 or 6,000 yuan."

Then Li Ma asked Li Mu, "Son, am I right?

Have you paid attention to it? "

Li Mu chuckled and said, "I didn't pay attention to it, but I think what Mom said makes sense."

Papa Lee nodded and counted with his fingers. "If it's 100 square meters, it'll cost 700,000 yuan. Looking at the situation in our shop, we'll earn this money by the end of October or early November, right?"

"Almost."

Li Ma was in a good mood. She smiled and said, "When we have 700,000 yuan in spare funds, we'll go to Yan Jing and buy a house for our son. Then, when we miss our son in the future, we'll have a place to stay in Yan Jing!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If the two of you want to buy a house, I won't stop you. When the time comes, you can just treat it as a trip to Yan Jing and buy a house on the way."

Li Ma said, "We'll definitely buy a house, but you'll need money when you go to school. Why don't I transfer 100,000 yuan to you first? You can take it as pocket money."

After earning so much money in half a month, Li Ma immediately became very generous to her precious son. She gave him 100,000 yuan pocket money as soon as he opened his mouth. Li Mu was shocked. "Mom, why are you so generous …"

Nanny Li, on the other hand, had her own considerations. Her son had been secretly managing the store from the beginning to the end. All the money had been paid by him. Logically speaking, her son was the boss of the store. She, her husband, and her sister-in-law were all working for him. Moreover, all the money they earned was left for their son. She was generous because of her son.

Li Mu smiled and said to his mother, "I still have some money in my hand. It's enough for me."

Li Mu should still have 200,000 to 300,000 yuan in his hand. It was enough for him. The expenses of Yi Ting Network were covered by the four people with a simple plan. He wasn't going to start a new project at the moment. Most Internet projects took a few years to develop slowly. A few years required continuous investment. Li Mu's money was not enough at all. He still needed a way to earn fast money to support long-term projects.

Li Ma said, "You're leaving tomorrow night. You're poor, so you should prepare more money. When you go to a big city like Yan Jing, you won't be in a difficult position if you need money."

Li Mu smiled and took his mother's hand. "I still have hundreds of thousands, which is enough for me to finish college. You and dad don't worry about me. Don't worry too much about the store. My little aunt will definitely be able to support it. You don't have to worry about my future. You should spend the money you earn. When it's cold, you can take my grandparents to Hainan Island for a month or two. When it's hot, you can go to Meng Province and the northeast to avoid the summer heat. In short, you have to learn to enjoy life."

"Look at what you're saying."

Li Ma smiled and said, "Our family is not the kind of family that spends money like water. Is this kind of life a normal person lives?"

Li Mu said, "Earning money is not to save it in the bank, but to improve your living conditions. You can't always be so thrifty."

After saying that, Li Mu said to his father, "Dad, it's very easy to get a driver's license now, and cars are not expensive. I think you should take some time to get a driver's license. When it's cold, you can buy a car to drive."

"Oh my god, buy a car?

Why would I buy that thing? "

When Papa Lee heard the words "buy a car", he felt that the distance between him and himself was like the distance between the earth and the moon. Others could indeed go up, but he definitely could not.

Li Mu asked back, "A car is a means of transportation, and also something to improve the quality of life. If you can afford it, why not buy it?

Now cars are not expensive. A good car is only about 200,000 yuan. After buying a car, you don't have to suffer in the rain, wind, heat, and winter. Grandpa and Grandma live in the countryside. Although the distance is not far, if you take a bus, you can only go to the town. You have to reverse back and forth, and you have to walk a long way to the entrance of the village. How inconvenient is that?

If you have a car, you can drive from home and get to Grandpa and Grandma's house in about an hour. They are old and need you to visit them often. "

Li Mu's words suddenly cracked the stubborn stone in Papa Lee's heart. After working as an ordinary worker for more than 20 years, the 28 "bicycle was the best means of transportation for him. Not to mention a car, he had not even considered a motorcycle. But Li Mu's words seemed to be reasonable. The shop had been open for half a month and they had earned the money for a car. If they really bought a car, it would not be a problem for this family. If they had a car, it would be much more convenient in the future.

His parents were in the countryside, and Li Daoping always felt that he owed them. In the past, when he was busy with work, he could not go back even once in three to five months. Now, he had a lot of time to spare, and his economic situation had also changed dramatically. Buying a car in the future would not be a problem.

Li Ma thought about it in her heart and felt that buying a car was really not a big problem. She said, "Now that we have just earned some money, it is definitely impossible to buy a car. But if our shop stabilizes and has a turnover of more than 500,000 yuan a month, then we can wait until December to buy a car."

Papa Lee did not think about buying a car and said, "When we buy a car, we can talk about it later. I have to find time to learn how to drive first."

Li Mu created this small business for his parents not only because he hoped that they could find a sense of existence in this new society that was changing with each passing day, but also because he hoped that they could change their previous diligent and thrifty lifestyle. He dared not say that he wanted them to be extravagant and wasteful, but at least they had to learn to enjoy life. He was still young, but his parents were already in their forties.

Seeing that his parents had been planted by him on this point, Li Mu did not continue to say more. Instead, he changed the topic and said, "If there is something that can't be solved, you will also be in trouble. Song Liang exchanged numbers with you last time. If there is anything, you can just call him directly. But now the whole Haizhou knows that our family has a good relationship with Song Liang. Presumably, ordinary people will not dare to trouble us."

Li Mu was somewhat worried that his parents suddenly had such a big business in hand. Moreover, he was going to report to Beijing tomorrow. In the future, many things had to be decided by his parents. Moreover, he did not know if it would cause any trouble.

But when he thought that Song Liang was there, he was relieved.

That night, Li Mu invited Song Liang to have a meal. Song Liang readily accepted and said to Li Mu at the dinner table, "Brother, just make a good life in Beijing. Although I am not capable in Beijing and can't help you much, you can rest assured that I will take care of everything at home."

Song Liang said so. Li Mu was grateful. He could only raise his glass again and again to show his gratitude.