Chapter 1345

These days, the relationship between Xie Yun, Papa Lee, and Li Ma was getting better and better.

Every day when Li Mu returned home from the company, he would hear Li Ma's words of praise for Xie Yun and Zhao Ziqiu.

Xie Yun had her own way of getting along, so Li Ma soon became her good friend. The two often made an appointment to do something together, such as having afternoon tea, eating snacks, and even basking in the sun on the terrace. Xie Yun taught Li Ma the exquisite ways of life of women in the south of the Yangtze River. At the same time, she could avoid being misunderstood by Li Ma that she was showing off her superiority. All in all, she had the ability to make Li Ma feel comfortable from the bottom of her heart to be friends with her.

However, for Xie Yun, Li Ma's straightforward character also made her very fond of Xie Yun. In her social circle, most of the people were smart and had countless faces. Few people were willing to make friends with her real face. Moreover, she soon summed up Li Ma's character: kind, straightforward, not arrogant, and considerate of others. It was indeed a lucky thing to have such a friend.

With such contact and understanding, Xie Yun hoped that her daughter and Li Mu could be together. In that case, not only her husband was capable, but her parents-in-law were also excellent.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't go to school during this time. She almost spent all her time in Ziyun Villas. Therefore, every day, she would come to visit with her mother, or Li Ma would come to visit. It was said that Li Ma prepared a table of hot pot at home during lunch. Zhao Ziqiu had been helping to prepare the ingredients, which won Li Ma's praise.

Li Ma's original words were: Ziqiu was like her mother. She did things slowly but very quickly. The most important thing was that the little girl was more beautiful and well-behaved than her mother.

Seeing that his mother liked Zhao Ziqiu more and more, Li Mu couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Maybe it wouldn't be long before his mother would say in front of him that she hoped to have a daughter-in-law like Zhao Ziqiu in the future.

Thinking of this, Li Mu suddenly felt a chill on his back.

Naturally, Zhao Ziqiu didn't think too much about it. Although her academic performance was very good, she lacked life experience after all. She was a standard naive and sweet girl. However, Xie Yun was different from her. Among the female elders that Li Mu had met, Xie Yun should be the smartest one. She was just a copy of Huang Rong in Jin Yong's novel. She suddenly decided to come to Yan Jing and got along with her mother every day. Maybe there was some purpose in it.

However, Li Mu was also very clear in his heart that he couldn't intervene in this matter, and there was no need to intervene.

After returning home after work that day, Li Mu sat on the sofa in the living room on the first floor, holding a laptop to look at some information of Baidu and preparing for a new round of negotiations with Baidu tomorrow morning. Li Ma walked up to him and asked, "Did Ziqiu contact you today?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "No, what's wrong?"

Li Mu had been busy with work recently, and Zhao Ziqiu had always been very sensible and rarely disturbed him when he was working.

Li Ma said, "This afternoon, I went to your Auntie Xie's place to have afternoon tea with her. She said that Ziqiu's father will come over these two days. Do you want to have a meal with your family at that time?"

Li Mu felt embarrassed and asked her on the surface, "Did Auntie Xie tell you?"

"Yes."

Li Ma nodded and said, "I think your Auntie Xie is a very good person and a worthy friend. To be honest, she has a lot of experience and can get a lot of inspiration from chatting with her. If Ziqiu's father comes over, he can communicate with your father more. Your father and I are bumpkins who have been doing business for more than 20 years. It's good to learn more from her."

Li Mu said hurriedly, "Okay, as you see fit. Invite them to our house for dinner. If you need, I'll ask Ziwei to help you."

Li Ma said, "Ziwei also called me today. I asked her to come to our house for dinner tomorrow night."

"Okay, then I'll bring her back directly after talking about the business tomorrow."

Li Mu nodded. Li Ma liked Li Ziwei. Not only did she care about her, but she also loved her from the bottom of her heart.

Li Ma hesitated for a moment and said hesitantly, "Well, son, I want to discuss something with you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Just say it. You can make the decision. There's no need to discuss it."

Li Ma said seriously, "I have to discuss it with you. If you agree, I'll do it. If you don't agree, I won't do it."

Li Mu said hurriedly, "Then say it. As long as it's not for me, I don't have any opinion …"

Li Ma said, "I want to take Ziwei as my goddaughter. Do you think it's okay?"

Li Mu was stunned for a moment. Seeing that Li Ma was not joking, he nodded and said, "Of course it's okay. Since you like her so much, it's normal for you to take her as your goddaughter. Besides, haven't you always regretted not having a daughter?"

Nanny Li nodded and said seriously, "Ziwei has to agree to this. If she doesn't, I won't force her. But if she agrees, your dad and I won't mistreat her in the future. If she has someone she likes in the future and they're talking about marriage, your dad and I will have to prepare a decent dowry for her."

Li Mu said, "Mom, as long as you like it, I have no opinion. Even if you adopt a baby girl to be my sister now, I will raise both hands in favor."

To some extent, Li Mu could understand the parents' desire for the company of their children and grandchildren. The older they were, the stronger their expectations in this regard might be. Although Li Ziwei was only his assistant, it was rare that his mother really liked her. And Li Ziwei was also a very sensible girl. The assistant's work might change in the future. If one day Li Ziwei resigned or he put her in another position, the opportunities for her to contact his mother might be greatly reduced. At that time, his mother might even feel a little disappointed.

If Li Ziwei agreed to be his mother's goddaughter, the two of them would be able to communicate more outside of work in the future. His mother would also be very happy. If Li Ziwei could really make his mother have greater gains and gratification in the future, he would naturally thank her and give her enough in return at the right time.

…

The next morning, Li Mu rushed to Makino Technology. Today's appointment with Robin was at nine o 'clock in the morning. This was a very important matter, so Robin attached great importance to it. Li Mu did not slack off at all.

When he arrived at the company at half past eight, Li Ziwei had already been there for half an hour. When she saw Li Mu, she immediately briefly described the general arrangements for today to Li Mu, and then told Li Mu, "Baidu said that they have temporarily added three members to the negotiation team. The other party is the Asian president, assistant, and translator of De Fengjie, a Silicon Valley VC. Some time ago, they bought most of the shares of Baidu from the first two VCs to invest in Baidu, and then invested a sum of money in Baidu. Now their shareholding in Baidu has exceeded 20%."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What is the background of De Fengjie?

I'm not sure. "

Li Ziwei said, "De Fengjie is a medium-sized VC in Silicon Valley, and currently manages about one billion US dollars of investment funds around the world."

Li Mu frowned, "The funds add up to only one billion US dollars …"

Li Ziwei pursed her lips and smiled, "It's definitely not comparable to top VCs like Sequoia, SoftBank, and JP Morgan. But because they hold more shares in Baidu, they are still very concerned about our negotiation with Baidu."

“OK。”

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "It seems that Robin is having a hard time now, or else they wouldn't let the investors interfere with the company's operations."

"Yeah."

Li Ziwei said, "I did some private research, and now the capital market is not very optimistic about the future of Baidu."

Li Mu said, "Others are not optimistic, and this is a good opportunity for us. What Baidu lacks now is not the recognition of the capital market, but traffic and time."

If nothing goes wrong, Google will still exit the Hua Xia market in the future, and Baidu will still be the dominant company. Moreover, Teng Xun has already disappeared, and 360 has not come out yet. The next few years will definitely give Baidu an excellent window for development. By that time, the search engine market with a population of more than one billion will almost all go into his pocket. At that time, the market value will naturally increase greatly. If I don't become his enemy during this process, and instead provide traffic to him, Baidu's take-off is just around the corner.

Li Ziwei asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, I made you some tea in the office. Do you want to stay in the office for a while, or do you want to sit here for a while?"

Li Mu said, "Let's go to the office. You come here too."

When he returned to the office, there was already a cup of fragrant hot tea on the desk. Li Mu sat down on his swivel chair, and let Li Ziwei sit across from him. After taking a few sips of tea, he said to her, "I'm afraid that today's discussion with Baidu will last until the afternoon. You can arrange lunch at noon, and then after the afternoon is over, if you have nothing to do, come home with me for dinner. My mom said she misses you."

Li Ziwei said first, "I've already arranged lunch, it's at Dadong Roast Duck across from us."

Then she said, "I don't have anything to do tonight. If it's convenient at Auntie Li's place, I don't have a problem."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Tell the restaurant to cancel lunch, then find a clean fast food restaurant, and order lunch for work. Today, we will fight a war of attrition with them, and try to get it done in one go, so we have to give them some pressure."

Li Ziwei hurriedly nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll go arrange it."

…

At 8: 50, Baidu's negotiation team of eleven people, led by Robin, arrived at Makino Technology.

Li Mu rarely saw a business negotiation with eleven people on one side. This really surprised him, so much so that when he shook hands with Robin, he couldn't help but tease him, "Robin, are you going to play football with Makino Technology?"

Robin was also a little embarrassed. Originally, there were eight people, but he didn't expect that De Fengjie would also join in, and his attitude was very aggressive. Although he had the upper hand in the argument, he couldn't suppress De Fengjie in terms of momentum, so he could only agree, feeling humiliated.

This was a very bad feeling. Capital should not interfere with the normal operation of a company, just like when you borrowed money from someone else, others should not interfere with how you spend it.

However, this was the way of the business world. Whoever had the right to speak was the boss. In some companies, there were many cases where the founder was kicked away by the capital as a ball in the middle and late stages of the business.

Robin forced a smile and introduced a middle-aged white man who was 1.9 meters tall to Li Mu, saying, "Li Zong, let me introduce you. This is Mr. Jimmy Page, the president of De Fengjie's Asian division."

Jimmy Page immediately reached out to Li Mu and said sincerely, "Li Zong, it's an honor to meet you."

Li Mu nodded and shook hands with him with a smile. Then he said something in English, which made Jimmy choke.