Chapter 30

High school students in Li Mu's generation, especially those in key middle schools, were mostly well-behaved. They smoked and drank little, unlike high school students two or three years later.

However, when it came to the farewell meal, it seemed that every boy learned to smoke and drink.

After handing in the application form, most of the students in the class rushed to the party.

The class monitor found a large private room in a mid-range restaurant. The four tables were just enough to accommodate all the students participating in the farewell meal.

There were more boys than girls in the science class. The ratio was about 3: 1. Everyone sat at the tables according to their personalities.

Someone bought a few packs of Soft Red Plum cigarettes. There were two packs at each of the boys' tables.

First, a few boys who knew how to smoke smoked for a while. As they drank more and more wine, almost every boy had a cigarette in his mouth in the latter half. But basically, none of them knew how to smoke. They inhaled the cigarette into their mouths and directly spat it out without filtering it in their lungs. For Li Mu, this was not second-hand smoke, but someone feeding him cigarettes.

The girls were very generous today. They usually couldn't smell cigarettes. Today, no one said a word of objection when they were thrown into this smoke-filled room.

Li Mu looked at every boy around him. No matter what they looked like, their faces and eyes were all red at the moment. He didn't know if it was because of the sadness before parting or because of the smoke lingering in the room.

Their eyes were red. It was inevitable that a coward couldn't hold it in. There was a boy in the class whose name Li Mu didn't know. He choked on the smoke and coughed for a while. Suddenly, he leaned on the table and cried loudly.

Then, the room was filled with crying, cursing, and saying goodbye.

The girls also cried. Li Mu looked from afar and found that Su Yingxue's eyes were also red. She was only one step away from crying.

Li Mu originally thought that this group of children was too immature and childish. However, he forgot that he was the third to cry at this meal.

Now that he was in it again, Li Mu, who originally had some sense of superiority, felt a little sore in his eyes.

This meal signified the end of a stage in everyone's life. They had also bid farewell to a group in their lives. With confusion, uncertainty, and uneasiness, they would embrace the next stop in their lives.

Li Mu didn't want to cry. He picked up a red plum from the table and stuffed it into his mouth. He hurriedly lit it with a lighter and then inhaled deeply.

In his previous life, Li Mu was a smoker. When he couldn't write code, cigarettes were equivalent to a blockage in his thinking. He didn't have a physical addiction in this life, so he didn't want to touch it. However, it seemed that only cigarettes could hold back the tears.

Su Yingxue secretly looked at Li Mu. She was surprised to see him take a big drag of the cigarette skillfully, pause for a moment, and then puff out a thin column of smoke from his mouth and nose.

This was clearly the style of an old smoker. It was exactly the same as her father's behavior when he was worried about a case.

Li Mu smoked half of his cigarette before he realized that Su Yingxue was secretly looking at him with red eyes. When their eyes met, he didn't subconsciously avoid her. The combination of alcohol and nicotine made him subconsciously make a three word gesture to Su Yingxue.

"I'm still here."

Su Yingxue couldn't hold back anymore. She turned her head and two lines of clear tears flowed down her face.

The group of young men who couldn't drink alcohol burst out with an unimaginable alcohol capacity. The three tables of boys drank more than a hundred bottles of beer in total. Each person drank four to five bottles. It was very impressive for high school students.

The deputy class monitor was a girl. Seeing that everyone was almost done eating and drinking, she didn't dare to let them drink anymore. They had already booked a KTV. If they drank too much here, then what was the point of the next stop?

She quickly got up and paid the bill. When she came back, she put on a long face and walked to the drunk class monitor. She said in a low voice, "Class monitor, we overspent and drank more than 300 yuan. What if we don't have enough money for karaoke later?"

Previously, everyone had pooled together 50 yuan. The price of a table of dishes was less than 300 yuan. However, with the addition of the beer, it was actually 1,500 yuan less. Originally, they planned to keep 800 yuan for karaoke. After all, the largest KTV box was not cheap. It was sold in a bundle with drinks and snacks.

The class monitor listened in a daze. He raised his hand and wanted to say something, but he couldn't say anything. Li Mu called the deputy class monitor to his side and asked in a low voice, "How much is the difference?"

"The difference is less than 300 yuan."

Li Mu nodded. He quietly took out 1,000 yuan from under the table. He took out one bill and put the rest into the deputy class monitor's hand. He said in a low voice, "Keep a low profile. Order more food and drinks after the karaoke. Let everyone drink and have a good time. Leave some money for everyone to take a taxi home after the concert."

Fortunately, Li Mu had 1,000 yuan with him. At this moment, he wanted everyone to have a good time. He didn't need to dig out his pocket to make money at this time.

But the deputy class monitor hurriedly refused, "I mean, let the class monitor mobilize everyone to give another 10 yuan. There's no need for so much. Besides, it's your own money …"

"What are you talking about?"

Li Mu pointed his chin at the group of people around him who were drunk and asked her, "Look, everyone is drunk. Who has the time to listen to you?

Don't worry and use the money. I won't ask them to return it. Don't make it public. Just make arrangements for everyone. "

The deputy class monitor hesitated for a moment. Seeing that Li Mu didn't seem to be a hero after drinking too much, she gently nodded.

Li Mu asked her, "Is the KTV ready?"

"Yes." The deputy class monitor nodded, "It's not far from here, about five or six hundred meters."

"Okay."

Li Mu said, "I'll call these guys to get up. You go and tell the girls that we're leaving."

The deputy class monitor returned to the girls' table. Li Mu stood up and poured a glass of wine. At this moment, it was a mess around him. More than 30 boys gathered in twos and threes, either shouting or hugging each other and crying. He had to take an empty wine bottle and knocked the bottom of the bottle on the table for half a minute. After attracting the attention of these guys, he said, "Hurry up and get up. Let's sing and drink in the next KTV."

When the guys who were drunk heard that they were going to sing and drink in the KTV, they immediately cheered excitedly. Wolf howls sounded one after another. They drank the last glass of wine and then got up to leave.

The girls saw that the boys were so drunk, so they didn't rush out. When almost all the boys left, the deputy class monitor said to the girls at the table, "Let's go."

The female students got up and went out one after another. Su Yingxue walked to the deputy class monitor, pulled her hand, and asked in a low voice, "What did Li Mu say to you when you went to see the class monitor?"

The deputy class monitor looked around and said in a low voice, "Li Mu gave me nine hundred yuan. He said that he wanted me to arrange for everyone to drink and have fun. Then, he told everyone to take a taxi home."

Su Yingxue was stunned, "Nine hundred yuan?"

"Yes." The deputy class monitor sighed, "It scared me. The tuition and fees for a third year are only eight hundred yuan …"

"Did you drink too much and lose control?"

"It doesn't seem like it."

The deputy class monitor said, "I repeatedly confirmed it. Li Mu also told me to keep a low profile and not make a big fuss about it. He also told me to arrange for everyone."

Su Yingxue nodded gently and didn't ask anymore.

…

"That laughter reminds me of my flowers …"

From the moment they entered the KTV, the drunk boys were clamoring for this song. Unfortunately, there were only two microphones, so the song was sung five or six times by different people in a blur.

Each time, there were two or three people using one microphone. Each time, they sang like pigs being slaughtered. Every boy who sang this song had tears streaming down his face.

The girls didn't compete with the boys. They just sat on the side and listened quietly. No matter how bad the singing was, they were still moved to tears.

Li Mu wanted to stop them from playing the song endlessly. However, the song ordering system didn't have a touch screen in this era. It used a very complicated remote control. To order a song, one had to first find the song number in the songbook and then complete the request through the remote control. No one knew which animal was holding the remote control. It couldn't be seen at all. They only knew that after each time "Those Flowers" was sung, someone would yell, "One more time." Then, the replay button would be pressed.

Li Mu felt that his ears were being hit repeatedly. He was about to collapse.

He wanted to smoke again, but the cigarettes were gone. Li Mu had to go out and buy a pack of Jin Ling cigarettes for ten yuan. He smoked one downstairs and then went back to the private room.

Fortunately, the group of animals didn't continue to sing "Those Flowers" after returning. Otherwise, Li Mu would want to go home and sleep.

At the moment, the two girls were singing Cecilia Cheung's "Star Talk Wish," which was equivalent to the salivating song of this era.

Li Mu found a corner and sat down. The boys around him were still drinking and chatting. Those who wanted to talk were still talking, and those who wanted to cry were still crying.

After "Star Talk Wish," Faye Wong's "Red Beans" sounded. A voice came from the microphone, "Ying Xue, Ying Xue, it's your Red Beans!"

As soon as he heard it was Su Yingxue, Li Mu's ears perked up. It seemed that he hadn't heard Su Yingxue sing before. KTV only became popular in Haizhou in May of this year, and today's scene also happened in his previous life. However, he was the one who was already drunk. When he arrived here, he should already be a pool of mud.

After the prelude, a gentle female voice leisurely sounded from the speaker. Li Mu praised in his heart. She sang really well. Although the condition of the voice wasn't as good as Faye Wong's, it could at least be given 85 points.