Chapter 1699

In the future business landscape, especially in the Internet-based business landscape, whoever had the traffic would be the boss. Because once they had the traffic, they could immediately do all kinds of cashing in.

It was just like an Internet celebrity with a large number of fans. He could help others promote cosmetics, clothing, electronic products, and even help others advertise their stores. No matter what kind of advertisement he did, he would be able to convert a large number of users for the other party. The reason for this was because he had the traffic in his hands.

In his opinion, if a Big V only advertised for the National People's Congress and sold his own traffic to others, this business model was too low.

In his previous life, some small Internet celebrities looked unattractive, but their Taobao shops could make a net profit of hundreds of millions of yuan a year. The reason was that they were no longer willing to give their own traffic to others. Instead, they gave their own traffic to themselves.

For example, if a trendy female internet celebrity advertised for a Taobao clothing store, she might only earn a few thousand, or even tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of yuan in advertising fees. However, what she actually brought to the other party was hundreds of thousands or even millions of people.

This traffic could transform into tens of thousands of consumers, and then bring in millions of yuan or even tens of millions of yuan in sales and a net profit of millions. Moreover, this was just a one-time consumption. Some of these users would become loyal customers of the shop, and they might buy clothes that cost a few hundred yuan in this shop every month. The huge long-term profits in the future had nothing to do with the female internet celebrity.

Some smart female Internet celebrities would simply find their own resources to open a Taobao shop and direct the traffic to themselves. Then, they would continuously increase the sales of their own Taobao shop. This was the smart way to play.

What Li Mu was doing now was to use Taobao to gather tourist traffic and then direct the traffic to the Sino-American tourism market to help airlines, tourism companies, and hotel groups sell their resources.

However, what he really wanted to do was to gather the traffic of tourism users and direct it to his own market to sell his own resources.

Therefore, in the future, once he had enough traffic, he would start to change the landscape and open his own Internet celebrity shop.

With the strong financial support of Makino Technology, he could really set up his own airline company, invest in his own hotel group and tourism company, and then direct the resources to his own industry chain.

Moreover, Li Mu felt that in the future, when he gathered a large number of users to Taobao, he would have the most powerful tourism user resources in the industry. Once he had resources, he could carry out a lot of hype.

With the continuous development of the economy, there were more and more business models. In the final analysis, they all wanted to sell their own things at a higher price.

Hype was one of the most widely adapted business models among the countless business models.

The so-called hype was to raise prices and expand sales. For those who had the ability to hype hype, they could sell jade resources at a high price.

Only those who had jade resources in their hands would go around promoting the idea that a gentleman would wear jade, that jade could ward off disasters, that gold was valuable, and that jade was priceless. It was all for the sake of making the jade market hot and selling the jade resources in their hands at a high price.

Only those who had a few walnut trees in their hands would hype up the concept of a gentleman wearing a jade, jade could ward off disasters, gold was valuable, and jade was priceless.

Even those who had a few walnut trees in their fields would hype up walnuts to make their walnuts a rare commodity.

Therefore, it was the same in the tourism industry.

Most of the people behind the adverts that described the love affairs in Lijiang were the owners of Lijiang's tourism companies, inns, and bars.

Those who advocated that Gulangyu was about to disappear were mostly local tourism companies or employees.

Those who advocated that Yalong Bay Beach was the best in East Asia were also the owners of the local tourism resources.

Those who advocated that Dubai was full of rich people and luxury cars were also from those who had a stake in it.

Li Mu had obtained a large number of Hua Xia's local tourism resources from the domestic tourism companies. Not only were there first-tier cities, but there were also resources from first-tier cities to second-tier cities, third-tier cities, and 5A scenic spots. Therefore, he felt that it was time for Hua Xia to go overseas to promote.

Li Mu's idea was very simple. In his previous life, he would go to those countries to hype up Hua Xia.

California was just the beginning. Soon, the hype would spread all over the world.

In his previous life, Hua Xia's tourism market was brainwashed by overseas propaganda wave after wave. A large number of Hua Xia's tourists were affected by various toxic adverts on the domestic Internet and flocked to Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Thailand, and Indonesia. Especially Japan, the marketing hype had reached the point of perfection.

However, only Hua Xia herself did not form a large-scale positive publicity and guidance overseas. As a result, on Korea, Japan, and Quora in the United States, there were still a large number of idiots who thought that Hua Xia did not have electricity, no car, no television, no highways, and could not afford fruits and mobile phones.

In his previous life, those domestic Internet companies that made a lot of money, if only one of them had paid attention to the establishment of overseas information delivery channels, and if only one of them had been able to create a world-class Internet platform, these strange and bizarre problems would not have occurred.

When Hua Xia's Internet was promoting Japan's toilet seat lid, Japan's rice cooker, Japan's various miracle medicines, and Japan's magical cosmetics, causing a large number of Hua Xia's people to flock to Japan to buy, what was Japan's Internet promoting about Hua Xia?

Therefore, the situation now had to change. In the future, whether it was Weibo, Twitter, YY, YY, or even the future Face, they would constantly brainwash Hua Xia's world.

They would promote Hua Xia's history, culture, scenery, specialties, delicacies, technology, and so on, so that they would also have the mentality of flocking to Hua Xia.

Therefore, Li Mu instructed the operation team of Weibo and Twitter to cooperate with the editorial team of YY, and from now on, they would start to create hype.

As American tourists continued to pour into Hua Xia, a large number of authentic and fake English travel notes began to emerge on Weibo and Twitter.

Many overseas users uploaded photos of themselves traveling in Hua Xia, and at the same time, in the text content, they were also full of praise for Hua Xia.

Among them, there was a picture of the Great Wall of China, which received more than 100,000 likes and shares on Weibo and Twitter.

A considerable part of these travel notes were "original" content that Li Mu instructed the editorial team to write.

When such content was produced, he instructed the Weibo and Twitter team to tilt the Twitter algorithm so that it could be seen by more Europeans and Americans, thus subtly influencing these people's impression of Hua Xia, and increasing their interest in traveling to Hua Xia.

In addition, Li Mu also asked people to fabricate some travel notes that were both real and fake.

Some imitated the tone of an American to highlight Hua Xia's delicacies, praising Hua Xia's delicacies, and even reluctant to part with them.

Some imitated the friendliness of the people of Hua Xia, faking the identity of an American, saying that they had accidentally lost their wallet, and that the warm-hearted boss of Hua Xia's restaurants treated them to a meal, helped them call the police, and finally found the wallet.

Some imitated the history and heritage, exclaiming and praising Hua Xia's scenic spots and historical sites with the eyes of foreigners. Any Heavensguard Pavilion in Japan could become a scenic spot praised by countless people, and any ancient palace building in Hua Xia could easily leave Heavensguard Pavilions on Mars. The reason why the latter was not as famous as the former was because the publicity and packaging were not good enough.

Li Mu even asked people to fabricate a series of love stories for Hua Xia, such as how she met her other half in Yan Jing, how she met the love of her life in Shanghai, how she proposed to her beloved by the Huangpu River …

These topics were hyped up in order to continuously increase the exposure of Hua Xia's tourism to the Western people.

For this reason, he also asked Fang Xudong to modify the back-end data parameters, adding a certain amount of exaggeration to all the relevant data.

For Li Mu, who came from the Internet, he was very clear that there was no Internet company in the world that did not falsify data. Even if some companies did not falsify data at this stage, he must have done something similar when he was growing up.

For example, the live broadcast platform deliberately doubled the number of people watching the live broadcast. For every additional person watching online, the external data showed that there was an increase of 17 people, or 129 people. The reason for this setting was to create a feeling of high popularity.

As for why this kind of data was chosen, it was mainly so that the users could not see through it.

Take 17 as an example. The platform designed a simple logic, the number of displayed views was equal to the actual number of views multiplied by 17. In this way, most users could not see the problem.

For example, this post had actually been viewed 258 times, but due to the coefficient of 17, the displayed result was 4,386 views.

Based on Li Mu's experience, a platform that only doubled the number of views was considered to be a good platform. Some platforms even multiplied the data by three. For example, the 129 that was mentioned just now, the same post had actually been viewed 258 times, but the displayed number of views was 33282.

In this case, it was difficult for users to see through the falsification. After all, the data was a whole number, and it was constantly increasing.

What was even worse was that, due to the fact that the design multiplier was a whole number, the user could not see any abnormalities in the data. For example, because of one of his clicks, the original data went from 33282 clicks to 33411 clicks. Following that, another person came, and the data became 33540 clicks.

Anyone could see that there was an inevitable connection between 33282, 33411, and 33540.

They looked like they were real, or even more real than the real thing.

There were also some stupid platforms that directly wrote that the displayed data was equal to the real data multiplied by three. Careful users would find that no matter how the data changed, it would always be a multiple of three.

Even more stupid was to directly multiply it by ten. Careful users would find that the number of digits was always zero …

The platform used this kind of falsification method to create an illusion that their platform had a large number of users and was very popular.

However, there were also times when this kind of thing was misplayed. For example, there had been such a joke on some live broadcast platforms. At the same time, hundreds of millions of users were watching a live broadcast of a certain anchor. Almost all such cases were packaged in the data.

Users did not know the real situation. After seeing the published data, it was easy for them to be led astray by the manipulator behind the scenes.

Now, on Weibo and Twitter, all the positive content about Hua Xia's travel also had a certain degree of falsification in the data.

Li Mu used this method to increase the recognition of the Western users of this content.

However, Li Mu was more cautious. He designed a set of circular logic on the coefficient of falsification.

For example, for the number of likes, every time the actual data increased by one, the displayed data would randomly choose one of the eight numbers from 1 to 10.

It could be + 1, + 3, + 8, or + 10. However, the probability of + 1 was the lowest. The higher probability was between + 3 and + 8. In this way, it would not let users easily grasp the pattern of the data growth.