Chapter 1698

On the second day after Taobao Go went online, the first batch of free travelers began to travel.

The occupancy rate of flights between Hua Xia's first-tier cities and California had increased a lot. Almost every plane had at least a dozen tourists traveling through Taobao Go.

Although it was free travel, Taobao Go still provided perfect customer service for tourists. Bilingual customer service provided all kinds of support for tourists from both sides 24 hours a day. Not only could they answer their various questions, but more importantly, they could also help them book various resources.

Because of the agreement with both travel companies, users could book many other travel services through Taobao Go. They could get lower discounts than the market. For them, it was convenient and cheap.

College students who registered as tutors on 3321 also had a sideline. All students in first-tier cities who passed the CET 4 could open translation activities. The enthusiasm of the students was particularly high.

For college students, part-time translation for foreigners was a very good job. First, it was not tiring. Second, the income was not bad. Third, it could improve their oral English.

Many college students began learning English in primary school. After studying for more than ten years, they had never spoken to foreigners. In this case, it was difficult to improve their oral English. Hua Xia was connecting with the world. Future college students should have as strong English as possible.

Li Mu attached great importance to the business of Taobao Go. Even if it was just a small business for thousands of tourists, he was also in charge of Taobao Go. He also brought a group of executives from Makino Technology to revolve around the business of Taobao Go.

Whether it was Lei Jianguo or Liu Shixiong, they felt a little confused about Li Mu's focus. Wasn't it to promote the tourism business between China and the United States?

While letting Westerners understand Hua Xia, it also gave Schwarzenegger some political achievements. Now it was in order, and the goal would soon be achieved. Why did Li Mu still attach so much importance to this business?

On the side of Makino Technology, Kong Lingyu and Fang Xudong had been waiting for him to take time to participate in the internal testing of take-out products. However, Li Mu focused all his energy on the tourism industry.

He could sell thousands of customized free travel tickets for Chinese and American tourists in Taobao Go every day. The airline even began to prepare wide-body passenger planes to cope with the increasing number of passengers in the future.

According to the feedback from the embassy, the number of tourist visa applications from both sides was rising sharply, reaching an all-time high. The embassy of Hua Xia had begun to relax and speed up the approval of visas to China so that more Western tourists could go to Hua Xia as soon as possible.

Li Mu was overjoyed. He immediately called the executives of Makino Technology and Taobao Go together and proposed to the first-tier cities of Hua Xia and the UK as soon as possible.

Kong Lingyu couldn't help but say, "Li Zong, why have you put all your energy on the tourism business recently? We still have a lot of projects that we need to go through with you …"

Lei Jianguo also agreed and said, "In comparison, I think we should hurry up and test the take-out platform. This business is still very promising."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "You haven't figured out the essence of the tourism industry."

Then, Li Mu said, "The tourism industry, to put it more clearly, is to encourage people to take out the money they have saved, exchange it for a bag of change, and carry it on their shoulders. Then, when they go out, they will be happy and can go home to continue working. Next time, when they have enough money, they will carry it out for a walk."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "We all know how to promote the development of the local tourism economy …"

Li Mu said, "It's definitely not as simple as promoting the development of the local economy. In the process of people carrying their money out and scattering it all the way home, wherever they go, people will benefit from it. Every link will benefit a lot."

Then, Li Mu gave an example and said, "If users choose to travel by car, then the company that provides the car travel service will be the first to benefit. However, the automobile manufacturing industry behind it will also benefit. Large tourism companies often have hundreds or thousands of different kinds of passenger cars. The reason why these passenger cars are produced is because people have the demand for travel. Otherwise, not only will these cars not be produced, but the staff who produce these cars will also not be hired."

"If users choose to travel by plane, the airline company will make a lot of money, and Boeing and Airbus will also benefit a lot."

"Think about it. Fifty years ago, most of the people who traveled by plane were for business, and only a very small number of them were for tourism. But now, fifty years later, at least half of the passengers on every civil airliner are traveling. The number of civil airliners is not only increasing, but the fundamental reason is that people are traveling abroad more and more frequently."

"Boeing and Airbus have developed from narrow-body aircraft to wide-body aircraft, and then to Boeing's 747. Airbus has also been developing larger double-decker airliners since a few years ago. Who is supporting their continuous development?

Or is it the tourism industry? The tourism industry prospers the airlines and supports the airlines to constantly order new planes and large planes from Boeing and Airbus. "

Lei Jianguo said, "I understand what you mean, but the tourism industry is too scattered. It's like a plate of loose sand. Although the total amount is large, everyone is playing their own game."

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is the core reason why we want to do online travel business. We have the traffic. We can promote Hua Xia to the United States, and we can promote Hua Xia to the world. We can even bypass Hua Xia and do travel business between other countries. But the key problem is that we must achieve the concentration of resources."

After that, Li Mu said, "If we can integrate the world's tourism resources on our platform, then we can make money from Mr. Du's field in the future. I'm afraid you can't imagine that we can even make money from Boeing and Airbus through our platform."

Liu Shixiong asked in confusion, "How can we make money from Boeing and Airbus?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "For example, American airlines love to buy Boeing, and European airlines love to buy Airbus. If we can promote thousands of tourists to and from Europe every week, the capacity of European and American airlines will be squeezed. If they want to keep their other business lines, then they must buy new planes to increase their capacity. In this case, isn't it equivalent to us helping Airbus sell more than a dozen planes?

Does Airbus want to pay me?

If they don't, then I will guide these users to the United States, and then Boeing may buy more than a dozen planes. "

Li Mu said again, "This is actually not a big deal. The most important thing is that once we concentrate the tourism users to Taobao, we will be like the commander of thousands of troops. The users will go wherever we want them to go."

"At that time, we can deeply participate in the tourism industry and make a lot of arrangements in advance. For example, the development of the Maldives is not big enough at this stage. We can first buy the tourism resources of the Maldives at a low price, then hype up the tourism routes to the Maldives, and guide our users to rush to the Maldives one after another. Then we will make a lot of money."

"If we can buy a lot of tourism resources at a low price in places like Bali or Mauritius, then we can also guide users to these places. At that time, consumers all over the world who are ready to spend their money will be affected by us. We can even set up our own airline and use our own users to fill up our own airline seats, killing many birds with one stone."