Chapter 379

Kong Lingyu asked Li Mu if he watched the Spring Festival Gala, and Li Mu nodded. "Yes, I'm turning on the computer."

As soon as he said that he was turning on the computer, Kong Lingyu knew that Li Mu had already seen the advertisement placement of QQ Fisheries in the show. He said, "I turned on the QQ Fisheries and it was indeed updated. Just like our last update, they introduced some new functions, including pet function, quest function, and friend function. In addition, they also launched a new section. Users can buy processing workshops with gold coins. One is a sushi restaurant, where salmon can be made into sushi, and the other is a cannery, where sardines can be made into canned food. They are also starting to develop a processing system like us."

Li Mu had already turned on the computer at this moment. He said, "Wait a minute, let me take a look."

Li Mu glanced at the current QQ Fishery and found that the graphics, menu, interaction, and other aspects of the game had been greatly improved. And they had basically "borrowed" all the elements of the last update of the Happy Farm. They also had a pet mode, where players could keep dogs to prevent fish from stealing. They also had a mission mode, but they didn't copy the "truck" design of the Happy Farm. However, they had one original thing, and that was the processing industry system.

In Li Mu's view, QQ Fisheries must have changed its architect and product manager. Although most of its updates were plagiarized, this processing industry system had been done in advance by Li Mu in the development of Happy Farm, but it had not been announced yet. Therefore, it was still praiseworthy that they could think of this new system.

Currently, QQ Fisheries had only opened two processing workshops for users, which were the sushi restaurant and the cannery, but Li Mu believed that they should already have a relatively complete system structure. It was just that they had not opened it all up for the time being. Whether it was Happy Farm or the previous QQ Fisheries, the virtual worlds in these two games only had the primary industry. Happy Farm was agriculture, and QQ Fisheries was fishing. Now, QQ Fisheries had taken a step ahead of Happy Farm and began to advance into the secondary industry, which was the processing industry.

Actually, in the version of Happy Farm that Li Mu did not bring out, this system had already been developed very well.

In Li Mu's Happy Farm, every type of crop had a corresponding processing system. Moreover, it was closely linked to each other. Not only was the structure very large, but the logic was also very meticulous.

For example, after building a mill, wheat could be processed into flour. After building a pastry shop, flour alone could be used to make bread. If sugar and butter were added, biscuits and cookies could be made. If a restaurant was built, flour and pork could be used to make buns, and beef could be used to make ramen.

In the above framework, sugar was obtained by planting sugarcane, and after harvesting the sugarcane, the sugar refinery was used. Pork was obtained by building pig pens to raise pigs, and beef was also obtained by building cow pens to raise cows.

On the other hand, not only could one obtain pork, but they could also obtain bacon. On the other hand, not only could they obtain beef, but they could also obtain milk.

Milk, sugar, and an ice cream machine could be used to make ice cream.

Bacon, beef, and bread could be used to make hamburgers.

Corn could be made into popcorn, and it could also be used with wheat, soybeans, and other grains to make fodder for pigs, cows, sheep, chickens, and other livestock in the feed machine.

Building a movie theater could provide popcorn and ice cream to the tourists who came to watch the movie.

Oranges, carrots, oranges, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, mangoes, and other fruits could also be made into various juices through the juice refinery. They could be paired with popcorn and ice cream for the tourists who came to watch the movie.

Sheep could produce wool and milk. Wool could be used to make sweaters, and goat milk could be used to make cheese.

Chickens could produce eggs, and eggs could be used to make cakes and egg tarts.

Cotton could be woven into cloth, and the cloth could be used to make clothes.

There were many other product relationships like this.

The agricultural products produced in the primary industry could be processed into various goods in the secondary industry. These goods could be exchanged for money, and they could be used for higher-level tasks. This would encourage the users to continuously improve their own industrial system.

Apart from these intersecting industrial chains, Li Mu also opened up a tertiary industry chain, which was the service industry.

For example, cinemas, restaurants, clothing stores, and cake houses. The system would set up the user's farm as a tourist attraction and send a certain number of virtual tourists over every day. The tourists would buy various agricultural products there, and they would also spend money in the tertiary industry.

In short, what Li Mu had built for Happy Farm was a very complete system. The structure was very large, and it was far from what the current QQ Fishery could compare to.

At this time, Kong Lingyu said to Li Mu, "I check the situation of QQ Fishery and Q Bar every day. Yesterday, QQ Fishery had not been updated. Today, there was suddenly such an advertisement on the Spring Festival Gala. When I opened QQ Fishery again, it was updated. It seems that they have been planning this for a long time."

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "Their ability to imitate is indeed very strong. If it was a company that was not prepared, I'm afraid it would have been crushed by them long ago."

Kong Lingyu said, "This kind of advertising placement is really new. To be able to persuade a big shot like Zhao Benshan, it must have cost a lot of money, right?"

Li Mu said, "Not only do they have to get him to agree, but they also have to get the Spring Festival Gala production team to agree. Is Teng Xun so rich in cash?"

Kong Lingyu said, "Last year, MIH Millard International Holding Group from South Africa bought 20% of Teng Xun's shares from Hong Kong's Pacific Century Digital and 12.8% of Teng Xun's shares from IDG. They are the second largest shareholder of Teng Xun, with about 33% of the shares. However, these two acquisitions were carried out with other shareholders, and Teng Xun did not get any benefits from them. They have probably spent a lot of money on Q Bar and QQ Fishery. They should be in need of money now."

Hong Kong's Pacific Century Digital was now in the hands of Li Zekai. He had invested more than one million US dollars in Teng Xun, which was equivalent to 20% of Teng Xun's shares. However, he obviously lacked foresight. He held the shares until last June, and sold all of Teng Xun's shares to MIH for more than ten million US dollars. At first, Li Zekai thought that this transaction, which allowed him to earn ten times his investment in just two years, was his genius. He did not expect that it would become the biggest failure of his investment career. For the sake of ten million US dollars, he missed out on tens of billions of US dollars.

Thinking about it now, Teng Xun had failed in two products in a row, and it should not have much prospects in the capital market. Therefore, Li Mu deduced, "Then it's very likely that they have raised funds again."

"I haven't heard of it." Kong Lingyu said, "I haven't heard of them raising funds."

Li Mu said, "It could be an internal capital increase, or it could be that they continue to transfer shares to MIH and let them continue to invest. In short, they must have gotten a sum of money again. But don't worry, it won't be a lot of money. At most, it will be in the tens of millions of US dollars. It might only be in the millions."

Kong Lingyu sighed, "That's still a huge sum of money!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It is a huge sum of money, but they can't afford to burn money like this. The reason why they are working so hard must be because they saw that Happy Farm's daily income is so high, and they realized that this is a very good cash cow. So, they have to work hard and take advantage of the Spring Festival Gala to make a comeback. But it doesn't matter. We will let them be happy for one night. Tomorrow, gather the core technical staff online. Before 8 PM tomorrow, we must update the next version of Happy Farm."

As he spoke, Li Mu also figured out the key to it. He was suddenly in a good mood. He laughed and said, "This is really a blessing from the heavens!"

Kong Lingyu had worked with Li Mu for a long time, and his thinking was much closer to Li Mu's. When he heard Li Mu's words, his eyes lit up. "Boss, I understand!

You have been asking us to prepare for the next version of Happy Farm. You have been waiting for this day, haven't you?

When Teng Xun focuses on QQ Fishery, they will sadly find that no matter how hard they try, they can't catch up with us. We can always make their efforts go up in smoke in the shortest time. At this time, their energy, manpower, technical strength, and financial resources will all be focused on QQ Fishery, and they will inevitably ignore the needs of QQ itself. They think that QQ is invincible now, but they have no idea that our YY is almost finished, and our YY is much stronger than QQ in all aspects … "

"Yes."

Li Mu said with a smile, "They have now invested so much energy and financial resources into QQ Fishery, and even put the advertisement on the Spring Festival Gala, which is enough to show how much importance they attach to QQ Fishery now. They are too confident in QQ itself, so they desperately want to build QQ Fishery into a place where there is a steady stream of cash, and they want to rely on this cash flow to support QQ. However, as soon as our YY is launched, we can pose a threat to them. If the foundation of QQ is cut off by us, all their dreams will be over."

Kong Lingyu immediately said, "Then I will inform everyone to get ready to update the third version of Happy Farm and let them taste the taste of despair!"

At this moment, several senior executives of Teng Xun were full of hope for the future of QQ Fishery again. Zhao Benshan's skit was the most important part of the Spring Festival Gala every year, and this year's Selling Cars was still so good. It could be foreseen that in the next week, Selling Cars would be broadcast countless times on the major channels of CCTV, and it would also be replayed countless times on the major local TV stations. The brand of QQ Fishery would appear in the eyes of the audience with every rebroadcast. The advertising effect was much better than advertising on any TV station or any time slot!