Chapter 640

Chen Tong felt that he had seen through Li Mu's tricks.

YY Portal had plagiarized Sina Weibo's concept of fast-scrolling news and improved on it by adding real-time images, optimizing the layout, and layout. It would be easy for Sina to catch up to them. They could just copy YY Portal's strategy, and Sina would be able to do it soon. But the real difference between them and Sina Weibo was Sina Weibo's concept of online news and online variety shows.

To some extent, Chen Tong was a very conceited person. He had made Sina bigger and stronger step by step. Needless to say, he felt a sense of accomplishment in his heart. Several innovative product ideas and precise control of content on the Internet had made him well-known in the industry. People regarded him as the benchmark of quality content in the Internet industry. Although he had always been modest and low-key on the surface, deep down, he was very happy with this kind of industry praise.

Deep down, it did not mean that he was fishing for fame. Everyone liked to be praised or even admired, especially the best in the industry. Although Chen Tong felt a strong threat from Makino Technology's YY Portal, he was looking forward to surpassing Makino Technology in the future. He was very optimistic about his new product model, and he also thought that this new model could shock the entire industry, and at the same time, increase his reputation in the industry.

From the birth of Makino Technology until now, every competitor had fallen in front of Makino Technology. He hoped that under his leadership, Sina could become the only one that could still stand under the impact of Makino Technology, and he also hoped that Sina could become the only one that could let Makino Technology taste failure.

Because of this, he paid more attention to the development of streaming media technology.

In order to find suitable talent to develop streaming media technology, he specifically looked for Sina's technical director and asked him, "Which company in China is currently the best in streaming media technology?"

Unexpectedly, the other party said without hesitation, "Makino Technology. YY's video chat technology is already very advanced. It's fast, has good image quality, and is stable enough."

Chen Tong was dumbfounded. After all, Makino Technology's technology in this area was the best?

Chen Tong could not help but ask again, "Makino Technology's technology in this area is focused on software, right?

Will it work on the Web? "

The other party nodded and said, "The underlying protocol is universal, and the optimization direction is also universal. If Makino Technology brings this set of technology to the Web, it only needs to be optimized based on the Web architecture. Overall, it can save a lot of effort."

Chen Tong's heart was pounding. If he developed a new model that could allow Makino Technology to catch up in a short period of time, wouldn't this new model be a gift to Makino Technology?

The other party also saw Chen Tong's worries and said, "The research direction of Makino Technology's streaming media should be different from our research direction. The more in-depth and thorough our research in this area, the longer it will take for Makino Technology to catch up. I don't think you need to worry too much. If it really doesn't work, we can keep this project a secret. We'll first bury ourselves in the technical level and open the gap, then announce it to the public."

Chen Tong nodded in agreement and felt a lot relieved. It was useless to think too much now. At present, this was the only way to go. What he could do was to try his best to make this road smoother.

However, he did not expect that Makino Technology would give him a fatal blow so soon.

As soon as the technical director left, Chen Tong, who was working overtime, finally had time to eat his lunch box that had been delivered for almost an hour. At this time, YY sent another pop-up window. The title of the pop-up window was: "Direct Coverage of Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei's Airport Pick-Up Scene."

Chen Tong, who had just put the lunch box in front of him, was a little surprised. Wasn't the follow-up report of Makino Technology already at the lunch session?

Now they went back to report the airport pick-up scene. Was it a bit like rehashing cold rice?

Moreover, even if it was rehashing cold rice, there was no need to send another pop-up window, right?

In the few hours since the YY portal had been online, YY had sent two pop-up windows. Two pop-up windows in a day, which was unprecedented in Chen Tong's view. It seemed that Makino Technology really attached great importance to the portal business.

After a little hesitation, Chen Tong decided to eat first and open the pop-up window later to see what was going on.

He opened the lunch box and picked up the chopsticks. As soon as he ate a mouthful of Yuxiang Shredded Pork Rice, before he could finish chewing, the door of the office was pushed open by the technical director who had just left.

Chen Tong was shocked by his rash action. He looked up and saw that the technical director was panicking. He blurted out, "Old Chen, did you see the pop-up window of YY just now?"

Chen Tong shook his head. "No, what's wrong?"

The technical director waved his hand hurriedly and said, "Open it quickly!"

Chen Tong put down the chopsticks and immediately opened it several times. When the page popped up, he only felt that there was a bang in his head, as if he had been struck by lightning!

In the page pushed by YY this time, there was a player loading box!

Chen Tong, who was preparing to work on online video news, knew this thing too well. It was a player plug-in!

Chen Tong's heart skipped a beat, and he quickly clicked play. After a few seconds of buffering, the first video news from YY appeared in front of him.

The news started with the departure of the motorcade, arrival at the airport, and waiting to be picked up. It was accompanied by a female voice-over to the three celebrities stepping out of the VIP passageway, taking turns to shake hands with Li Mu and the others, and finally a close-up shot of each of them for about ten seconds. The pace was very tight, and the content was not redundant at all. It had only been a little more than two hours, and they had already produced a video that had been edited and dubbed. This efficiency was simply frightening!

What frightened Chen Tong the most was not the efficiency of Makino Technology, but the direction of their development. Wasn't this video news in front of him what he wanted to do now?

This was the new product idea that he was proud of!

It was the only thing he could rely on to save Sina from its predicament and stage an earth-shattering reversal!

But now, he had not even started to build a team, and Li Mu had already produced a mature product!

It turned out that he had not thought ahead of others at all, but was completely ahead of them by a few orders of magnitude. The psychological contrast and blow it brought to him was extremely huge!

Chen Tong stared at the computer screen, dumbfounded, and repeated, "How is this possible, how is this possible …"

The technical director looked as if he had suffered a heavy blow. He said, "Old Chen, in my opinion, Makino Technology should have been preparing for this video news for a long time."

Chen Tong asked him with a pale face, "Do you know how big the technical team of Makino Technology is?"

The technical director said, "At least three to four hundred people. Don't forget that they just took over the entire UC team some time ago. Although these people were defeated by YY, their experience and skills are definitely no problem in maintaining YY. So once they go over, they will be able to unleash a lot of research and development strength for Makino Technology."

Chen Tong could not help but ask, "What level of strength do you think they have in this aspect?"

The technical director said dejectedly, "They must have optimized the streaming media protocol and increased the server bandwidth long ago. As soon as they come up, they will use YY pop-up windows to all users, and they can also ensure that the page can be browsed normally and the video can be loaded normally. This amount of work must be very large. Maybe they are even developing their own transmission protocol."

Chen Tong instantly lowered his head, pinched the bridge of his nose hard, and said as if he was talking to himself, "It's useless. It's useless to make a video streaming media now. Li Mu's technology is already so powerful, and we don't know how many technical reserves he has. Our technical reserves are still zero, and we haven't even had time to build a team. It's completely too late to do it now."

Chen Tong's guess was right. Li Mu did have a lot of technical reserves in his hands. As someone who came from a technical background, he had very strict requirements for technology. He knew that many domestic Internet companies first developed their products and made money. After making money, they would make up for their technical shortcomings. From the beginning, Li Mu had hoped to change this situation. Therefore, when he started poaching Fang Xudong, he hoped that his technical team could lay a good technical foundation. Similar to YY and Taobao's underlying architecture, back-end logic algorithms, and streaming media technology, these were all technical directions that Makino Technology was actively developing. For example, streaming media technology.

Take streaming media technology as an example. Li Mu hoped that in the future, the best streaming media solution would be in his hands. That way, he could influence and even control the entire streaming media related industry. The best example was the drone company, Dajiang. Dajiang had the best solutions in the industry in terms of image transmission, flight control, obstacle avoidance, tracking, and cameras. It was precisely because they had mastered a large number of core technologies that they were able to control half of the industry. Even Dajiang's technological reserves were very compatible with Li Mu's viewpoint. When they released the first generation product, the second generation product had already been finalized, and the third generation product was already in development. As long as they did not make any mistakes, their competitors would not be able to catch up.

At this moment, Sina's technical director did not speak for a long time. He sighed deeply and asked Chen Tong, "Should we report this to the higher-ups and hold an emergency meeting to discuss the follow-up countermeasures?"

Chen Tong nodded and said helplessly, "Of course we have to discuss it again. Right now, the video news route is useless."

Sina's higher-ups had been paying close attention to Makino Technology's every move. Without waiting for Chen Tong's report, the CEO had already realized the severity of the problem. He sent a message to the higher-ups' YY group. "Everyone, gather in the conference room for an emergency meeting in five minutes!"

When Chen Tong saw this message, he could not help but smile bitterly. Now, even the internal communication within the company had to rely on YY to carry out. Although everyone did not want to use their competitors' products, they had no choice. YY had become a part of their work. Once they left it, their work efficiency would be greatly reduced.

Take a small matter like the meeting notice for example. If the CEO arranged for his secretary to knock on the door one by one, it would take at least 10 minutes. If he made an internal phone call one by one, it would take at least 5 minutes. However, with the YY group, as long as one kept YY at work, the information could be transmitted to more than a dozen people in the group within a second. If it was the National People's Congress group, the efficiency increase would be even greater. Come to think of it, Makino Technology was really terrifying!