Chapter 1673

Donating 20 million to 3321, 30 million to Veterans for Life, and 50 million to the Repatriation of Overseas Cultural Relics, Roland Mass had promised Li Mu 100 million US dollars.

This was just enough for Li Mu to pass. After all, in his words, he wouldn't be responsible for anything less than 100 million US dollars.

In other words, the hidden meaning in Li Mu's words was very obvious. If Roland Mass was prepared to take out less than 100 million US dollars today, then sorry, I won't be playing with you. You can talk to my assistant.

Roland Mass had never seen a hooligan like Li Mu. Not only did he not play by the rules, but he also played dirty. In a normal game, everyone would take turns according to the rules. Li Mu wasn't like that. Li Mu first threw a 1v3 and then insisted that it was a trump card. Not only did he not care about any cards, but he also f * cking wanted to double it. If the other party didn't admit it, then he would flip the table and beat the other party half to death.

The so-called gentlemen in Europe and America liked to wear suits and sit in high-end restaurants to eat bloody buns. Li Mu directly took a knife, wasabi, and soy sauce, and cut off his opponent's flesh to eat sashimi. The gentlemen felt that he was too rough, but they had no good way to deal with him.

Roland Mass wanted to eat Li Mu raw, but it was really a matter of who had better teeth. Li Mu could swallow three of him without spitting out any bones, but it was as difficult as ascending to heaven if he wanted to bite a piece of Li Mu's flesh.

In desperation, he could only compromise with Li Mu. He could hear the hidden meaning in Li Mu's words. Li Mu's words just now were saying, "If you want to make peace with me, at least take out 100 million US dollars. Only then will there be a possibility of talking!"

Roland Mass had no choice but to take the initiative to agree. At this time, he couldn't communicate with the board of directors because Li Mu's offer was 100 million US dollars. When he came back tomorrow, the number might change.

However, Roland Mass was not afraid of the board of directors looking for trouble with him. He had recorded the entire meeting with Li Mu today. When he went back, he could let them listen to it at the board meeting and let them see how ruthless this young Oriental Butcher was.

In fact, Li Mu's thinking was very simple. It was impossible for Mars to just apologize and forget about this matter. He had to make them pay a lot of money, and his ideal price was 100 million US dollars.

But then again, Li Mu was also very clear that this money definitely could not go into his own pocket or his company's pocket. If that happened, the nature of this matter would change, and he would become passive. Once the opponent seized the opportunity, it was very likely that they would make a big deal out of this and succeed in one fell swoop.

However, as long as Li Mu did not take a penny for himself and donated all of it to charity, even if this matter was eventually exposed to the world, Li Mu did not have to worry at all. A hero who robbed the rich to help the poor was an extremely positive character.

After Roland Mass agreed to donate another 50 million US dollars, Li Mu's attitude suddenly changed 180 degrees. He said with a smile, "Mr. Mass, you're really a good friend of Hua Xia's people. Hua Xia has donated so much money to three charity foundations. You're really generous."

Roland Mass's smile was uglier than crying. He could only nod repeatedly. "Mr. Lee, you're too kind. I really admire you for doing so much charity. It's only right for me to help as much as I can."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I didn't expect Mr. Mass to be so humble. It's really rare to see such an outstanding entrepreneur like you these days."

Speaking of this, Li Mu changed the topic and blurted out, "Don't worry, after these three donations are received, I will definitely publicize your generosity to the outside world."

Roland Mass breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly asked, "Mr. Lee, about the matter of someone deliberately discrediting our company online …"

Li Mu said with a serious face, "Don't worry, I will definitely supervise this matter carefully. I won't let a company with a strong sense of social responsibility like yours be wronged."

Roland Mass hurriedly said with gratitude, "Thank you so much, Mr. Lee. Physical companies like ours can't keep up with the development of the Internet. In the world of the Internet, we're like newborns and are especially easy to be bullied by Internet companies. Makino Technology is a leading company in the Internet industry and has the largest Internet information and interactive platform. I hope that Li Zong can think more about physical companies like us who don't understand the Internet …"

Li Mu knew that Roland Mass was indirectly scolding them. Weren't they the ones who were bullying the Internet companies?

Roland Mass felt uncomfortable after spending money, so he changed his way of scolding people.

However, Li Mu did not care. He was very clear about what he wanted. Fighting to the death with Mars was not only to warn other companies, but also to fight for more funds for his foundations. A hundred million US dollars was a huge sum no matter what era it was. This amount of money could solve a lot of problems for the three charity foundations at the moment.

Moreover, more importantly, this one hundred million US dollars was all foreign exchange. This money came in in the form of US dollars, and he settled it directly with the Central Bank in RMB. To some extent, it was also earning foreign exchange for the country.

Thinking of this, Li Mu smiled slightly and said to Roland Mass, "Mr. Mass, you can rest assured about this. I can't ask about other platforms, but on our Makino Technology platform, I will definitely guarantee the principles of the Internet that are fair, just, and open."

Roland Mass nodded repeatedly. What he wanted was Li Mu's statement that he would let bygones be bygones. Only in this way could Mars stop the bleeding and unstoppable scar.

After a few more minutes of polite conversation with Roland Mass, Roland Mass took the initiative to get up and leave. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, I have to go back and hold a conference call. Let the company make financial preparations for the donation and try to transfer the money into your designated account as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I'll wait for your good news."

Roland Mass nodded and heaved a sigh of relief. His face was both depressed and relaxed. No matter what, the matter had been resolved. He had spent money to buy a lesson. Fortunately, this one hundred million US dollars was painful for Mars, but it would not have a major impact.

In fact, what Roland Mass was most depressed about was not spending money, but not being able to record Li Mu. Li Mu had protected himself impeccably. His intentions were obvious to everyone, but from the literal meaning of his words, one could not find a single reason.

At this moment, Roland Mass had already admitted defeat. This time, he finally understood that he was no match for Li Mu. He could only bow and scrape, or avoid the sharp edge. There was no third way.

…

After Roland Mass left, Li Mu immediately called Li Ziwei to his office and told her the solution to the whole matter. Then he told her, "You are responsible for following up on the subsequent donation issues. In addition, once the money arrives, take the initiative to settle it in RMB with the central bank. As long as the money comes in, it will all be converted into RMB."

Li Ziwei could not help but ask, "Li Zong, the main focus of the Lost Cultural Relics Foundation will be overseas in the future. If we don't keep some foreign exchange, it may be very troublesome in the future."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "The 50 million US dollars for the Lost Cultural Relics Foundation cannot be directly used to search for lost cultural relics in the overseas market. Otherwise, this money can only be used to buy a few pieces of blue and white porcelain and paintings in the art auction market in Europe and America."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "This money has to be converted into RMB and then invested into a business fund. First, it will be invested, and then the profits from the investment will be used to help the lost cultural relics return to the country. When the time comes, I will tell the person in charge to invest all the money into an Internet venture capital fund. At that time, this money can help domestic Internet entrepreneurs start their own businesses, promote the development of domestic Internet companies, and reap high returns in the future to help more overseas cultural relics return to the country, forming a healthy virtuous cycle."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "I understand, Li Zong. Then I will start preparing."

Li Mu nodded and said, "There is something else."

Li Ziwei quickly said, "Go ahead, Li Zong."

Li Mu said, "In theory, no matter which fund this 100 million US dollars is donated to, it should be made into a business fund. However, our 3321 has always been operating without a lack of money. Although the more donations for the Undying Veterans Foundation, the more support we have received from the community, so we are not short of money overall. In this way, there is no need for these two projects to take the route of investing first and then doing charity. Let's just convert the 50 million US dollars into cash and use it."

Li Ziwei asked, "Then have you thought about how to use it?"

Li Mu said, "The 20 million US dollars allocated to 3321 will all be invested into the construction of Hope Primary School. Tell Senior Dong Ai about this and let her plan how many Hope Primary Schools to build, where to build them, and how to build them."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "I'll take note of that, Li Zong. What about the 30 million US dollars for the Undying Veterans Foundation?"

Li Mu pondered for a moment and said, "There are many school-aged children and primary and middle school students in the country who are struggling, but there really aren't that many surviving veterans and seniors. These veterans are more precious than pandas, so let's not do anything else. We will directly convert the 30 million US dollars into 250 million RMB and distribute it to them in cash. We will provide them with the most practical help. Even if they are veterans who are not short of money, we will also distribute it to them as a token of our sincerity and respect."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "However, the distribution needs to be more humane. According to the actual situation, we need to make some adjustments to the distribution details. For example, we will first distribute 60% of the money, and the remaining 40% will be graded according to the actual situation of each veteran. Those who have children, spouses, and don't have to worry about retirement will not participate in the distribution of the remaining 40%. For the remaining 40%, the more difficult the situation, the more they will receive, so we must distribute it according to need."