Chapter 1512

While Makino Technology's signing conference and two major plans were spreading around the world, Makino Technology proved its sincerity in cooperating with Google to the world.

Makino Technology added a shortcut search entry for all non-Chinese YY products. Users could search for any content directly on the web page. After clicking on "search", the Google search results would be displayed in a new page.

Apart from that, in the private chat and group chat dialog boxes, YY users would add a "Google search" option after selecting keywords with the right mouse button. This greatly reduced the difficulty of YY users performing search requests during the chat process.

For example, A told B in the conversation that he had recently been paying attention to an electric guitar model called Ibanez-jem-7V. If B wanted to know more about this guitar, he could directly select Ibanez-jem-7V in the chat and right-click on "search". The Google search results would automatically pop up.

Before this, users would need to copy Ibanez-jem-7V, open the browser, enter the Google address, open Google search, paste Ibanez-jem-7V into the search box, and click on "search".

Makino Technology's solution not only opened up a huge traffic entry for Google, but it also greatly reduced the cost of user behavior and improved the user experience. It was killing two birds with one stone.

Makino Technology fully opened up the traffic entry to Google, and it immediately ushered in an unprecedented traffic peak. Then, Google signed an order with Makino Technology for cloud services, hoping that Makino Technology would provide data processing services to Google.

Li Mu previously raised 3.3 billion USD, and at least half of it was used to build data processing centers around the world. Now, not only could it meet his own needs, but it could also provide cloud data processing services for many companies. Cloud computing would be an important part of Makino Technology's future.

After the capital market saw the efficiency and effectiveness of Li Mu's work, they immediately raised the valuation of Google. At the current stage, Google had the full support of Makino Technology, and its valuation had skyrocketed by 50%, surpassing the 18 billion USD mark.

In the US capital market, it was not uncommon for a listed company to increase its share price by more than 50% in a single day. However, for an unlisted company to increase its share price by so much, it showed that the entire capital market was optimistic about Google's future.

The rapid increase in Google's valuation also made the entire Internet industry further realize that Makino Technology was the thigh that every Internet industry really needed to cozy up to. Its effect on the overall improvement of the enterprise was so powerful that it could be described as abnormal.

Google's valuation continued to rise. As Google's shareholders, Makino Technology and Baidu's valuation continued to rise, and it was not as simple as addition.

However, Li Mu did not pay attention to the latest valuation of Makino Technology in the capital market at this time. It was rare for him to relax and temporarily put his work behind him.

At the current stage, Li Mu had achieved many major goals. Not only was the founder of Android in his pocket, but Apple had also been completely privatized and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Makino Technology. Even the shell company Muye & Baidu had been officially acquired by Google. At the same time, Makino Technology had also completed major deployments in the smartphone operating system and search engine field.

The next stage was to start hardware development.

…

After two days of rest, on the second weekend, the premiere of "Crazy Stone" was about to be held.

This was Makino Image's second blockbuster movie, and it was Ning Hao's first blockbuster movie. Although Ning Hao's reputation in the film and television industry was not big enough at the moment, after all, he was backed by Makino Image and Makino Technology. Therefore, even if it was only his first blockbuster movie, the film and television industry did not dare to look down on it. Many big shots and big shots were invited to attend.

In the past few years, Lau Tianwang rarely played roles other than the male lead, and he rarely played the villain. However, this time, he played the third male lead, which really surprised the public. Moreover, Lau Tianwang's agency confirmed the news that Lau Tianwang would personally attend the premiere, which made the media very happy.

The entertainment media loved celebrities and topics with high traffic. Among the movie stars, Liu Tianwang was definitely one of the few who had the highest traffic. Therefore, the movie premiere still received close attention from the media all over the country.

There was another question that the media had been paying attention to before the premiere, and that was whether Li Mu would attend the premiere.

Although the hope was slim, there was still some hope. After all, Li Mu still attached great importance to Makino Image.

Many media kept asking Ning Hao and other employees of Makino Image for confirmation before the premiere, but the reply given by Makino Image was that they had not received any notice that Li Mu would attend the premiere.

This was intentional by Ning Hao. If they knew that Li Mu was coming, the number of media reporters at the premiere would probably exceed expectations, and the scene would be more difficult to control. With Li Mu's current identity and social status, if he announced his schedule in advance, he would face huge security pressure and all kinds of potential threats. Therefore, it was better to release the news that Li Mu would not attend the premiere first, and then make preparations in private to surprise everyone when Li Mu came.

The premiere was set for Friday at 8: 00 pm, but the red carpet ceremony for the main cast and important guests would start at 7: 00 pm and end at 7: 30 pm.

Originally, Li Mu did not intend to attend the red carpet process. Instead, he planned to enter the venue from backstage after the premiere officially began. However, Ning Hao had been persuading him that he could appear at the end of the red carpet, not only in a grand manner, but also to give everyone a huge surprise.

In order to better promote his company, his movie, and his own stars, Li Mu agreed to Ning Hao's request. He agreed to take a car into the venue at about 7: 30 pm and then directly walk the red carpet. It happened that Li Mu had already promised Du Wei that he would pick her up from her school, so Ning Hao arranged for the two of them to appear at the end of the red carpet together.

Most stars did not walk the red carpet alone. Usually, they walked with a man and a woman, so Ning Hao subconsciously thought that Li Mu and Du Wei walking the red carpet together was the best choice.

Li Mu arrived at Du Wei's school after six o 'clock. Today, he didn't take the company's car, but chose a new Mercedes-Benz business car added by the team. He chose a car that the media had never paid attention to, so he could keep the suspense until the end.

Du Wei still had classes that day. After her classes ended at 5: 30 pm, she immediately rushed to the practice room of the Music Academy. The makeup artist arranged by Makino Image was already there, and the stylist was waiting for her there. She would come over to change her clothes, make up, and style her after class.

At the thought of the premiere tonight, Du Wei was extremely nervous. Although she was not participating in "Crazy Stone" and was only attending the premiere as a signed artist of Makino Image, she was so excited that her heart almost jumped out of her chest at the thought that Li Mu would pick her up from school and walk the red carpet with her.

The makeup and stylist team had already confirmed her outfit and style for tonight. Unlike many stars who liked to stand out on the red carpet with their styling, Du Wei preferred a low-key and elegant style. In the past, she liked to go the princess route on the basis of being low-key and elegant. In other words, she was slightly young and innocent. However, this time, she made a slight adjustment. She wanted to be more mature and beautiful on the basis of being low-key and elegant.

Du Wei had never walked the path of maturity and glamour in her style. This was mainly because her character was that of an obedient girl next door. If she dressed too mature and glamorous, she would not be able to adapt to it. But this time, she hoped to make a breakthrough.

In order to meet her requirements, the stylist recommended her to choose the fishtail dress style that was commonly used by European and American movie stars a few days ago. This kind of evening dress could perfectly outline the curves of a woman's body. Not only was it dignified, but it was also sexy and gorgeous.

Most of the fishtail dresses were strapless, waist-wrapping, and bottom-wrapping. A strapless dress meant that there were no straps, and it was low-cut. A waist-wrapping and bottom-wrapping meant that all the curves from the chest down to the legs would be revealed. This style was extremely demanding on the figure. If the chest was too small, it would not be able to support it. If there was a trace of fat on the waist, it would look ugly. If the buttocks were not perky enough, it would look like a joke in the eyes of others.

However, no one expected that although Du Wei usually dressed in a loose and natural style, her figure would not hold her back at all when it came to a concave style.

In the makeshift makeup room in the training room, with the help of two female stylists, Du Wei changed into the beige strapless evening dress. This evening dress came from the French luxury brand Chanel, and it was a designer version. It had only appeared on the stage during the brand's fashion show, but it had never been sold to the public. The reason why it fell into Du Wei's hands was because Du Wei's aunt was a socialite in the upper class of France. Tonight's premiere was especially important to Du Wei, so she asked her aunt to help her find an appropriate evening dress that would not clash with anyone else's.

Du Wei's aunt went to several famous designers in France and chose such a beautiful evening gown for her. In order to make this evening gown fit her figure perfectly, the designer of Chanel personally brought this gown to Huaxia with her assistant a few days ago and made adjustments to the gown according to Du Wei's figure.

At this moment, the stylists were dumbfounded when they saw Du Wei wearing this evening dress.

In order to set off their elegance, many female stars not only wore gorgeous gowns, but they also wore expensive jewelry, matching it with branded handbags and shoes. However, Du Wei only wore this evening dress. Standing barefoot on the cheap carpet in the training room, she already exuded a fairy-like aura. She was so beautiful that it could not be replicated.

The stylists praised her perfect figure while tying her long hair up behind her head and styling her face. Du Wei's facial features were too flexible. She could be a holy angel or a sexy demon. If she stopped smiling and made her eyes and facial features sharper, she would be the youngest queen.