Chapter 1655

The CEO of Mars, Neil, never dreamed that Li Mu could deal with him in such a simple and brutal way.

Now, all the Weibo content posted on their official accounts had been cleared, and all their fans had been reduced to zero!

Zero fans was simply a drastic measure. Mars had more than a dozen official accounts with a total of nearly ten million fans. This was the result of Mars' investment in operating costs. However, Weibo's Titter had used technical means to quietly remove their official accounts from the followers of these nearly ten million people.

With their fans silently removed, naturally, they could no longer see the content they posted. They could not even be found. If they remained silent for a period of time, the users would forget about them.

Moreover, all the official accounts of Mars were in the "unfollowable" state. In other words, even if new users searched for them and wanted to follow them, they could not follow them.

This made Neil extremely anxious. He realized that just a second ago, he was a voice that had ten million listeners and was not to be underestimated. In the next second, it was as if he had become a mute.

All the accounts were banned, and he could not post anything he wanted to. In a fit of anger, Neil ordered, "Immediately get everyone in the public relations department to stop what they are doing and use their personal Titter accounts to post tweets. The content is: Makino Technology is suppressing Mars, wantonly banning Mars' official Titter, and deleting Mars' Titter content. This is the power of the internet world!

Li Mu is the tyrant of the internet world! "

For a moment, the entire public relations department of Mars was desperately using their personal accounts to post the protest that Neil had dictated.

However, they soon discovered a problem.

Although they could post these content normally, they could not see the same content posted by their colleagues in Titter.

Logically speaking, there were dozens of people in the public relations department. Everyone would usually pay attention to each other. Now that everyone had posted the same content, everyone's Titter homepage must have been flooded with this content. But why couldn't I see a single sentence?

Everyone was puzzled and clicked on their colleagues' Titter accounts. They were surprised to find that the other party had clearly posted this content, but no one else could see it at all!

After the head of the public relations department, Jim, received the news, he immediately used his own account to confirm it repeatedly. Only then did he come to a surprising conclusion. All the content related to Mars, as long as it was published, could only be seen by the person who published it!

When the news reached Neil's ears, he felt as if someone had pressed him to the ground and rubbed him repeatedly.

He even had a feeling that he was like an ant that was pinched between Li Mu's fingers and bullied at will!

Li Mu had only used a little technical means to completely remove Mars from the world of Titter. This was extremely cruel and did not give them the slightest chance to resist!

Neil's body trembled in anger as he pointed at Jim and roared, "Contact all the media immediately and get them to speak for us!"

Jim immediately nodded and hurriedly sent someone to contact the cooperating media outlets. In the end, after the media outlets contacted them one by one, the response they received was the same: "Sorry, we don't want to get involved in this mess."

This caused Neil to break down even more. He had originally formed a formidable team, but as soon as the opponent stepped forward, his comrades all ran away.

Indeed, there was not a single media outlet that dared to go against Li Mu.

Everyone knew that Neil was trying to ride on Li Mu's popularity. He even blamed the failure of the auction on the technical problems of Makino Technology. Anyone with a discerning eye could tell that there was something fishy going on. After all, Makino Technology's technical strength was very strong. It was not a problem for tens of millions of people around the world to be online at the same time. How could there be a technical bug in a small auction?

Anyone who used their brains would know that Mars was lying.

Moreover, they were eager to make a huge profit from this auction. Everyone knew that Mars had missed a huge opportunity and would definitely be very upset.

Therefore, if they were to follow Mars to promote such a hot topic, would that not be making an enemy out of Li Mu?

No one was willing to offend Li Mu, especially the media. They knew too well the influence of Li Mu and the consequences of offending Li Mu. Therefore, no matter what, they could not follow Mars into this mess. The most reasonable solution was to protect themselves.

When the news kept coming back to Neil, he was on the verge of breaking down.

"This bunch of people who go back on their words!"

Neil cursed angrily. Without the help of the media, he was completely mute. Not only could he not speak, but he could not even make a sound in his throat.

Just when Neil was panicking, the technical director of Makino Technology, Fang Xudong, went online with a new back-end algorithm.

The logic of this algorithm was:

First, search for keywords related to Mars and find all the users who mentioned Mars from the start of the block until now;

Then, run through the full text of the content related to Mars published by these users to see if there was any content that overlapped with the full text;

The reason why the full text overlapped was that the Internet Water Army was generally dispatched. In order to ensure efficiency, they would generally copy and paste the text formulated by their superiors. This way, there would be a large number of full text duplicates in the platform.

Sure enough, as soon as this algorithm went online, it immediately found the oral content that Neil had the entire public relations department publish.

Subsequently, the algorithm immediately locked on all the users who had published this repeated content and began to monitor them at a high level.

At this time, Neil began to rack his brains to find a way to bypass Makino Technology's keyword blocking, but after repeatedly testing it several times, he had no choice but to give up.

The keyword blocking logic of Makino Technology was simply impeccable. This was also thanks to the set of blocking logic that Li Mu had set up when he banned Sina in his own YY system. At that time, the entire Sina wanted to cry but had no tears.

Sina was still an Internet company and had a strong technical team. Even so, they could not solve it, let alone a physical company like Mars.

Neil realized that he had really kicked an iron plate with his scam marketing this time. At this moment, he really wanted to turn back time to a few hours ago. If that was the case, he would definitely not be stupid enough to launch a scam campaign against Makino Technology.

However, it was impossible to turn back time.

Neil did not want to be crushed so easily by Li Mu now. He could only think of a way to break out of the siege. He had to break out of the siege first before he had the capital to talk to Li Mu again.

Therefore, he had an idea. Didn't Makino Technology block my keywords?

Alright, then I'll send a picture!

I'll put the words I want to say into the picture and then push the picture to the whole of Titter. You can't do anything about that, right?

Neil immediately told Jim, who was next to him, about his idea and asked him to immediately arrange for everyone in the company to be on standby. After the picture was made, they immediately went all out to post it on Titter.

Ten minutes later, a picture that accused Makino Technology and Li Mu of being overbearing and powerful was completed. Almost all the Mars employees working in front of their computers stopped what they were doing and posted this picture on their own Weibo, Titter.

At this time, Fang Xudong's logic algorithm immediately sounded the alarm. Thousands of people posted the same picture at the same time, and this immediately triggered the algorithm's calculation logic.

Fang Xudong did not expect that the other party would use the form of spreading pictures to bypass the keyword block. As soon as he saw that the other party had mobilized a lot of people to publicize, he immediately reported to Li Mu and asked him how to deal with it.

After listening, Li Mu's reply was, "All the accounts that participated in the publicity of the picture will be forced to log out, and then their login will be restricted for 100 days. When they log in again, a prompt will pop up, telling them that the reason for the restriction is because they posted inappropriate comments that are damaging to the image of Makino Technology without any evidence."

Fang Xudong immediately said, "Okay, Li Zong, I'll arrange it right away."

A few minutes later, those users who were frantically posting pictures and did not forget to forward, like, and comment on other content that was posted at the same time suddenly received a prompt box. It said, "Your account has been logged out, please log in again."

No one knew why they were logged out when they were just logging in, and they did not take it seriously. They subconsciously entered the account password again, and when they logged in again, a prompt suddenly popped up on the page. "Hello, your account has been restricted for 100 days because you posted inappropriate comments that are damaging to the image of Makino Technology without any evidence."

This time, the personal Weibo Titter accounts of more than a thousand Mars employees were directly blocked.

The head of Mars' public relations department, Jim, panicked and told Neil, "President, all of our employees have been restricted from logging in, and this restriction is for 100 days!

During this day, we can't even log in. "

"What's going on …" Neil felt that his back was already soaked in sweat, and he said with a puzzled look, "We just started, and we even used pictures to block sensitive words, but how did Li Mu see through us in just a few minutes, and even find us and punish us?!"

Jim was also puzzled, and said, "It feels like Li Mu is like the God of the Internet, he knows everything …"

As he said that, Jim said with a sad face, "Everyone's personal accounts have been blocked for 100 days, and everyone is very depressed. Recently, Titter has been so popular, and everyone has just joined it not long ago. Suddenly, they're restricted for so long, that's practically crippling their accounts. In the future, they won't even have the chance to interact with their friends on Titter."

Neil was so angry that he could only grab his hair, and after a while, he blurted out, "This Li Mu, he's really too ruthless!

He even dared to randomly block the accounts of ordinary people, wouldn't he be cursed to death by the users if this got out?!

I've never seen a platform founder with more guts than him! "

Jim said awkwardly, "President, the biggest problem now is that we don't have any channel to release information. Even if we're really in the right, what's the use?

We can't even post a word, and the netizens can't see it at all. Here, our mouths are covered by Li Mu, and we're at Li Mu's mercy … "