Chapter 1148

When the major TV stations that cooperated with Le Tao were still broadcasting Le Tao's Christmas promotions, Le Tao's website could no longer be accessed.

When the users who saw the ads and tried to access Le Tao found that the website could not be accessed, they immediately cursed. Many users who were still accessing the website suddenly realized that the website could not be accessed when they clicked on a new link. After that, they tried other pages, but it was always the same. It was always a cold page with a 404 prompt.

The people in the industry were in an uproar!

The news that Le Tao was under police control had not spread yet, so the people in the industry did not understand why Le Tao's website would have a 404 problem at such a critical moment.

For any website, in terms of operation and technology, the most basic and important thing to satisfy was smooth access. Moreover, the website was still in the stage of launching a large number of advertisements. If the website had a problem at this time, wouldn't the advertising money be wasted?

No one knew that the website's server had been shut down and sealed by the law enforcement department. All the data in it would become irrefutable evidence in the future.

Along with the server, all the main computers in the company were confiscated. There were a large number of internal documents and data, including all the details of Le Tao's orders, the chat records of all the employees and all the sellers, the relevant information of their shell company, and the various details of the shell company's cooperation with the counterfeit factory.

Boss Ma and a group of employees were taken to the police car. Then, the staff of the Industry and Commerce Department sealed the company's office. Boss Ma, who was in the police car, was still in extreme shock. He never dreamed that all his hard work would be gone in an instant.

Boss Ma, who was sitting behind the Iveco police car, could not help but tremble. Although the police did not handcuff him, nor did they restrict or guard him, he still could not calm himself down.

The police cars lined up in a long line and headed for the Municipal Public Security Bureau at a moderate pace. Halfway through the journey, Boss Ma finally managed to control his body's trembling. At the same time, he tried his best to calm down a little and started to think about the situation in front of him in a frenzy and chaotic manner.

First of all, Boss Ma was sure that Le Tao was being watched closely. It was very likely that this special operation was directed at Le Tao. Under such circumstances, Le Tao would definitely not be able to escape misfortune. The sudden arrival of the police almost wiped out all of Le Tao's records. The chain of evidence in the server and the company's computer was too clear. Le Tao would not be able to escape legal responsibility.

Since Le Tao couldn't escape legal responsibility, it was a death sentence to a certain extent. Boss Ma knew that since the higher-ups had made such a big move, it would be difficult to salvage the situation. In this case, Le Tao would be shut down, and even the whole company's business license would be revoked. What he needed to worry about most now wasn't Le Tao, but the situation of himself and the other employees.

Although Boss Ma had never studied law, he had a deep understanding of the law after working in the Internet industry for so many years. Although the country had never formulated a special law for e-commerce, in this case, strictly speaking, traditional laws and regulations could be applied to e-commerce.

Article 140 of the Criminal Law clearly stated that selling fake and inferior goods amounted to more than 50,000 yuan was a violation of the criminal law, and the offender would be sentenced to less than two years of imprisonment or criminal detention. Selling fake and inferior goods amounted to more than 2,000,000 yuan would be sentenced to 15 years of imprisonment or even life imprisonment.

Since Le Tao was launched, its sales had reached a scale of 100 million yuan. At least 80% of the sales were fake and inferior goods, and the most important ones were fake branded clothes, shoes, and hats. According to the criminal law, at least hundreds of Le Tao owners would be sentenced, and Le Tao itself would not be able to escape criminal punishment. The legal person of the company and the employees of the business line would be the first to bear the brunt of the punishment, followed by the leadership. This was not a small matter, and they might even be sent to prison for three to five years.

Boss Ma's heart was filled with remorse. However, he did not regret creating Le Tao, nor did he regret the direction that Le Tao chose to develop. He regretted that he did not control his rapidly expanding heart.

If he had only acquiesced or indirectly guided Le Tao's sellers to sell fake goods, he could have used the excuse of not participating and not knowing about the sudden change in policy to solve the problem. However, the bad thing was that he could not resist the temptation of rapid development.

In order to speed up Le Tao's development, he constantly abandoned his moral integrity and lowered his bottom line. From acquiescing to secretly encouraging sellers, to large-scale incitement to sellers, and even directly cooperating with counterfeit factories, Le Tao had already gone further and further down the road of breaking the law. However, Boss Ma did not realize the seriousness of this problem. It was not until the moment when all the problems came together that he realized how far he had gone down the dark road.

However, it was too late for regrets now!

…

For the first time, the evening news of the Central Television officially announced the trial measures for the management of electronic commerce, as well as the special rectification action.

In the official trial measures for the management of electronic commerce, it was clearly stated that electronic commerce was applicable to the corresponding provisions of all existing criminal laws. At the same time, some supplementary provisions were specially formulated for electronic commerce. For example:

Any electronic commerce company or platform had a clear obligation to screen the merchants and products on their own platform. If any problems were found, in addition to the merchants selling fake goods, the platform would also bear the corresponding punishment.

Any electronic commerce company or platform could not, in any form, acquiesce or even encourage the merchants selling fake goods on the platform. Otherwise, if the platform was found to have subjective intention and indulgence, in addition to the corresponding punishment, the relevant responsible persons of the enterprise would be publicly announced. Based on the seriousness of the nature of the violation, for the next three to ten years, they would be prohibited from registering or participating in any Internet-related enterprises. Any Internet-related enterprises were also prohibited from hiring the publicly announced responsible persons who were still in the punishment stage.

In the end, the Central Television also spoke up for the Economic and Trade Commission, saying that in order to ensure a healthy development environment for electronic commerce, they would focus on electronic commerce supervision. Once any problems were found, they would be dealt with quickly and would not be tolerated!

After the trial measures were announced, the Central Television used the express method to report the news that Le Tao had been shut down and the relevant responsible persons had been arrested.

This explosive news, combined with the details of the trial measures, immediately caused a huge shock in the industry!

No one expected that the higher-ups would control the sale of fake goods in electronic commerce so suddenly and so firmly!

When the news that Le Tao had been shut down and the team had been arrested by the police reached Li Mu's ears, Li Mu was extremely excited!

He said to Liu Shixiong excitedly, "The biggest tumor of Hua Xia's e-commerce has finally been removed!"

Liu Shixiong had never seen Li Mu so excited before. Even when Makino Technology raised billions of US dollars in one go, he had never seen Li Mu so excited.

He even suspected that Li Mu had some personal grudges with Boss Ma. Billions of US dollars did not make him so excited, but an e-commerce website with a valuation of less than 100 million US dollars was able to make him so excited that his cheeks were red, and his eyes were almost brimming with tears.

What Liu Shixiong did not know was how long Li Mu had been looking forward to this day.

It could even be said that he did not start looking forward to this day when he became a Taobao in this life, but he had been looking forward to this day since his previous life!

People who lived in this era did not know the huge impact that e-commerce sales had on the entire Internet industry.

In the first few years of the development of the Internet in Hua Xia, because it was a new thing and because everything was still being explored, the industry lacked the necessary monitoring. In order to develop quickly and easily, almost all the people in the industry were more or less playing the edge. Some people made fake goods, some people made pirated goods, and some people plagiarized and destroyed things. As the benefits of the Internet grew, more and more people played the edge.

At the most terrifying time of the industry's development, pirated goods almost suppressed the legitimate ones, and fake goods almost monopolized the market. The reason why everyone was so unscrupulous was because the relevant laws were not perfect. If no platform was cracked down on for selling fake goods, and no website was punished for piracy, the number of people selling fake goods and pirated goods would only increase.

Take the problem of Taobao in his previous life for example. Because there was no control, there were many Taobao sellers selling fake goods.

Taobao sellers' methods of selling fake goods continued to develop. Some sellers sold all fake goods, and some sellers mixed real and fake goods. If a user knew that it was fake and bought it at a low price, it could still be said that it was a violation of the law and did not harm the consumer. But the most hateful thing was that the consumer bought the extremely cheap fake goods at the price of the genuine goods.

No one could calculate how many times the national counterfeit market had expanded because of Taobao. The rapid development of Taobao had long formed a strong industrial chain for counterfeiting. Take the famous sunglasses as an example. The product chain provided by the counterfeiters to the merchants selling the fake sunglasses was so complete that it made one's hair stand on end. Not only were there fake sunglasses, fake packaging, fake instruction manuals, glasses cloth, tags, and labels, but even fake store receipts could be obtained.

A random search of "Taobao" on Alibaba would give a lot of goods with a unit price of only tens of yuan. From the product to the packaging to the label, everything was available. This kind of mass supply was originally for retail merchants who sold fake goods. A large number of fake goods came out from the manufacturers and were shipped to physical store owners, online store owners, and WeChat merchants all over the country. Then, through the hands of these merchants, they finally flowed into the hands of the consumers.

The reason why such a strong and even perfect fake goods production and marketing chain could be produced step by step was because of the personal demonstration of predecessors who "stepped on the thunder without making a sound".

Everyone knew that selling fake goods was against the law, and everyone knew that the road of selling fake goods must be full of legal landmines. However, there were so many fake merchants who made a fortune selling fake goods on Taobao. They had clearly violated many laws, but they had never been punished. They swaggered through the minefield without losing a single hair. This immediately made people who did not dare to set foot in the minefield relax their vigilance. Then, they would rush into the minefield that was supposed to kill and injure every passerby.

In Li Mu's eyes, the history of Taobao's rise was a living history of the development of fake goods. It was it that constantly pushed the fake goods chain to new heights, and it was it that caused countless consumers to suffer losses. Therefore, when it began to crack down on fake goods a few years later, Li Mu was disgusted as if he had swallowed a fly.

This was what Li Mu had always thought of as the "original sin" of the enterprise. In his opinion, it was right for enterprises to pursue profits, but they should not lose their moral integrity for the sake of profits.

This was also the principle that Li Mu had always believed in: enterprises should not do evil!

Now, Le Tao was finally going to be punished!

The problem of selling fake goods in e-commerce had finally been hit by the law in its infancy!

On the road of e-commerce development, in the shortcut of selling fake goods, the legal landmines had finally been stepped on!

Li Mu believed that Le Tao's fate would definitely make thousands of people who were preparing to follow Le Tao and take this so-called "shortcut" give up the evil thoughts in their hearts because of fear and fear!