Chapter 1590

Before Li Mu went to Hangzhou, he took a day to visit Wanying Real Estate to learn about the development of several key projects of Wanying Real Estate with Chen Ze and Song Liang.

He had been looking forward to meeting Wei Lan, but a few days ago, Wei Lan had gone to Wuzhen and Hengdian for an inspection with the city leaders and the heads of several state-owned tourism groups.

According to Song Liang, the few pieces of land that Li Mu bought at the edge of the Third Ring Road had basically entered the middle and late stages of development. The progress was very smooth. The progress of Wanying Square in Sanlitun was also within expectations.

As for Wanying Gubeishui Town, construction had already started before Li Mu left. The first stage was the basic renovation. After this stage was completed, the second stage could start the specific construction according to the design drawings.

Now, the biggest project of the entire Wanying Real Estate was the Wanying Film and Television Base that had just been approved.

According to the aerial survey map of Wanying Real Estate, they held meetings with the governments of many places to communicate and coordinate. Finally, they reached a cooperation consensus. Wanying took the lead with several state-owned tourism groups, as well as the governments of Yanjing, Langfang, and Jinshi to jointly establish Wanying Film and Television Base Company. All the land use plans had been approved.

This time, Wei Lan had led the team to inspect the area. She wanted to let the leaders and the CEOs of the various cities have a rough idea of the prototype. In the future, in the three cities, there would be more than ten different themes and interconnected film studios. After seeing Hengdian, they would have a rough idea of what the future would look like.

The entire project of Wanying Real Estate was proceeding smoothly. Li Mu was very satisfied with the feeling of being a boss who did not have to do anything. He said to the two of them, "In the future, Wanying will rely on you two big bosses. Please continue to work hard and make me rich."

Song Liang smiled and said, "To be honest, Wanying will rely on Wei Lan in the future."

Chen Ze also nodded in agreement and said, "Old Li, you are really lucky to be able to find such a powerful woman like Wei Lan. With her in Wanying, the two of us are completely useless. The gap is too big, there is no way we can compare."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Is it as exaggerated as you say?"

"Yes."

Chen Ze said seriously, "You're a genius in the internet industry, and Weilan is a genius in the real estate industry. In the real estate industry, the two of us can't compare to Weilan in any aspect."

Song Liang said with a smile, "Some time ago, Weilan was named the most beautiful CEO in the country by an entrepreneur magazine. She is very famous in the business world and has an endless stream of pursuers. You must hold on to her tightly. Don't let her be abducted by others when you are not paying attention."

Song Liang and Chen Ze might not be as good as Wei Lan in terms of overall experience and talent in the real estate industry, but they were both smart people who had climbed through a crowd of people. They had long seen through the relationship between Li Mu and Wei Lan, so they didn't avoid talking about it in private.

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "When the three of us are here, you can say such things. But don't speak carelessly in front of Azure."

"Don't worry."

Chen Ze patted him on the shoulder and said with a smile, "Brother Liang and I know what to do. Weilan is not only our CEO, but also our good friend. We would rather offend you than offend her."

Only then did Li Mu nod with relief and ask Chen Ze, "How is the race track and the club now?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "The race track, some of the venues, and supporting buildings of the race track have already been put into use. At present, most of the activities are the race track day, high-end car sales, maintenance, and club gatherings. I'm currently communicating with a professional karting supplier in Japan to customize a batch of real professional karting cars to be put into the race track. Also, I've set up a complete karting team, and the development of the team will start with karting.

Li Mu asked curiously, "Didn't you say that you would start with Formula 3?

Why did you lower the standard? "

Chen Ze said with a smile, "There are too few people in the country who can drive Formula 3. It takes a lot of money to train a racing driver. Very few families in the country can afford it, and those who can afford it will rarely choose this path. So, I still want to start with karting first. It is similar to the idea of your youth training camp. First, we will select a group of young karting drivers from the country, and then carry out systematic training. Then, according to their strength, we will upgrade the hardware. If the process of training the karting drivers goes well, there will be a chance to start with Formula 3."

Li Mu nodded. The team had always been Chen Ze's dream. Li Mu naturally would not interfere in any way.

He looked at Chen Ze and asked, "Is there anything the team needs my help with?"

Chen Ze said, "Give me some publicity resources about the karting team and the karting youth training camp. First, let's see if we can bring up the trend of young karting drivers in Yan Jing."

Li Mu said without hesitation, "No problem. You can find someone to talk to about the specific needs. I will arrange for someone from Makino Technology to contact him."

Chen Ze said, "When the time comes, I will directly ask someone to contact Ziwei. Is that okay?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Sure, you can directly ask Ziwei to arrange it."

Chen Ze nodded and asked, "Why didn't Ziwei come with you today?"

Li Mu said, "I gave her two days off. She has to go to Hangzhou with me tomorrow."

"To Hangzhou?

What's the matter? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mom and Dad are going to Hangzhou. They ordered me to go and pay my respects."

Chen Ze asked him, "How are you going there?

Charter a plane? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yeah, it's more convenient to charter a plane."

Chen Ze then asked him, "Have you considered buying one?

I think you should just buy one through Makino Technology. With your current net worth and the volume of Makino Technology, you should also get a business jet. "

Li Mu said, "I want to buy one, but I haven't had the time to think about it."

Chen Ze said, "I heard that a rich businessman from Hong Kong previously ordered the latest Gulfstream G550 from Gulfstream Aerospace. One of the first orders to be delivered was from him. It will be delivered soon, but his company has some problems with its accounts and wants to change hands. If you are interested, you can take it over. Otherwise, you will have to wait at least one or two years before you can place an order."

When Li Mu heard this, he felt that it was true. The production of new jets was basically arranged after placing an order. It was basically impossible to buy a ready-made one directly. However, to be able to meet this kind of transfer order, it was really quite attractive.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Chen Ze, "Old Chen, help me get some connections. I will arrange for someone to connect."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "I will ask later and help you get in touch as soon as possible."

Li Mu thanked him and looked at the time. It was almost five in the afternoon, so he stood up and stretched. He said, "I still have to take a plane tomorrow, so I won't be having dinner with you guys."

Song Liang said, "Your sister-in-law brought the child here. Do you want to eat at home?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said apologetically, "I have been too tired recently, so I won't disturb you guys. Help me say hello to my sister-in-law."

Song Liang said, "Then I will wait for you to come back from Hangzhou."

Li Mu nodded. He felt a little disappointed that he could not see Wei Lan.

Therefore, he asked Song Liang, "When will Wei Lan's delegation come back?"

Song Liang thought for a moment and said, "Tomorrow, I remember."

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders and muttered, "What a coincidence."

After saying that, he said to the two of them, "I am leaving. Let's meet again when I come back."

...

After leaving Wanying Real Estate, Li Mu asked Wang Yuanlang to drive him back to Ziyun Villa.

He was going to Hangzhou tomorrow to visit Zhao Ziqiu's house, so he prepared some gifts from the UK in advance and brought them to the airport tomorrow.

After a busy day, he just sat down to rest when he received a call from Wei Lan.

Wei Lan said with a charming smile, "Hi, busy man. What are you busy with now?"

Li Mu looked at the things piled up on the floor in the living room and said with a wry smile, "I am busy with the gifts. I will bring them with me when I go out tomorrow."

Wei Lan asked, "You are leaving again?

Where are you going? "

"I am going to Hangzhou," Li Mu said. "My parents are there. I am going to accompany them for two days."

Wei Lan asked again, "Are you going back to Yan Jing?"

"Yes," Li Mu said. "I won't be going out for the time being."

Wei Lan said, "I just happened to come out with a team for an inspection. I didn't expect you to come back at this time."

Li Mu smiled helplessly. "My schedule is often not accurate, so sometimes it is just a spur of the moment idea."

Wei Lan asked him, "Did you go to Wanying today?"

"Yes, I did."

Wei Lan asked with a smile, "You were disappointed not to see me, right?"

"How did you know?

Did Old Song tell you? "

"No, I just guessed."

After saying that, Wei Lan asked him again, "Are you at Ziyun Villa?"

"Yes."

"By yourself?"

"Yes …"

Wei Lan smacked her lips and said, "That is quite pitiful. Those little girlfriends did not come to accompany you?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Isn't your big girlfriend not in Yan Jing too?"

Wei Lan giggled. "Are you talking about me?"

"Yes." Li Mu said, "You come back tomorrow and I leave tomorrow. I probably won't be able to see you this time."

Wei Lan said with a smile, "So you really want to see me?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Do you still need to ask?"

Wei Lan said, "Of course I have to ask. You are so busy every day. You might not want to see me all the time."

Li Mu said seriously, "I really want to see you right now."

"Really?" Wei Lan chuckled. "I feel like you are not very sincere."

Li Mu was so angry that he laughed. "What do you mean by sincere?"

Wei Lan thought for a moment and said, "My voice should be a little emotional, right?"

Li Mu was helpless. He could only adjust his state and try to make his voice as emotional as possible. He said, "Wei Lan, I really want to see you right now. I really want to."

Wei Lan laughed happily and said, "Say it again for me to hear?"

Li Mu's own emotions were also affected by what he said just now. He said it again seriously.

After saying it twice, his longing for her actually increased a lot.

At this time, Wei Lan said with great satisfaction, "It sounds like you are quite sincere. I will believe you this time."

After saying that, she sighed and said, "Ah, seeing that you are so sincere, I will reluctantly do it."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "What do you mean by reluctance?"