Chapter 1286

The video about the current situation of the Flying Tigers started from the first time the volunteers went to the village deep in the mountains to look for him.

After a long journey, the volunteers arrived at the village and inquired about Old Man Sun Xiaozhong's residence. The half-collapsed thatched house appeared on the big screen. The rich second generations who were worth at least tens of millions of yuan were dumbfounded. Perhaps many of them did not know that there was actually someone living in such a dangerous house that could collapse at any time in such a remote, poor, and isolated place.

The volunteers knocked on the door, and a rickety old man in ragged clothes appeared on the screen.

Then, the camera led everyone on the scene to a deeper understanding of Old Man Sun Xiaozhong's story. This included Li Mu, Liu Xinying, and the soldiers from the Yun Province's military district who visited the old man for the second time and persuaded the old man to leave the mountain.

The first half of the video showed the pilot and the Japanese invaders fighting in the sky. The second half showed the heartbreaking second half of the old hero's life to everyone. The bloody and cruel reality shocked these rich second generations who rarely paid attention to the people's livelihood. Many fashionable girls wearing branded clothes were moved to tears, and the eyes of the young men who were used to being carefree also turned red.

The last part of the video was the scene of many old Flying Tigers gathering in Spring City with the help of the volunteers. The weather-beaten faces turned into the strongest tearjerker, and almost everyone was deeply moved.

Even Li Mu, who had experienced this himself, couldn't help but cry when he saw the promotional video made of editing and soundtrack. It was a very touching thing to begin with, but after being packaged by a professional team, this feeling was sublimated to more than one level.

After the video finished playing, the lights came back on. Li Mu walked back to the stage and said to the more than three hundred people present, "The Immortal Veterans Charity Fund, jointly funded by me, Makino Technology, and Taobao Technology, is to help these old veterans who are still alive and have no one to rely on in their old age. The surviving Flying Tigers is only the first charity activity of the Immortal Veterans Charity Fund. In the future, we will accumulate more strength to help all the old veterans who fought for this country, for this nation, and for all of us here. To achieve this goal, we need to unite the strength of the whole society, including but not limited to individuals, enterprises, and all kinds of civil organizations. In the future, the CSC Club will also be deeply involved in this large-scale charity activity. If everyone is willing to contribute to this matter, then I sincerely hope that everyone can do their bit for these heroes."

The people around were already excited.

A girl standing somewhere shouted at the top of her voice, "Li Mu, I am your idol. Oh no, you are my idol. I am willing to donate one million!"

After a burst of laughter, a boy raised his hand and shouted, "I will also donate one million!"

After saying that, he asked with some embarrassment, "Li Zong, after donating the money, can you leave your name for us?"

Li Mu immediately said, "We will announce the donor and the amount of each donation to the public. Unless you don't want to leave your name, we can use an anonymous donor instead."

Then, Li Mu added, "In addition, the CSC Club will be deeply involved in the public welfare activities of searching for the surviving Flying Tigers members, and will have in-depth interaction with the Flying Tigers crew. At that time, the CSC Club will be placed in the special acknowledgement of the film, which can be regarded as publicity for the club."

Li Mu was very clear in his heart that not everyone who did charity relied solely on kindness. 30 to 50 yuan, 100 to 200 yuan was still okay, but once it rose to a large amount of charity donations, it was very difficult to rely solely on kindness. In this case, there must be other additional value drivers, and the value of reputation was the best catalyst. Even if Central Television wanted the rich to donate, it would take some effort to organize a charity party, and then match it with strong exposure. This was human nature, and there was nothing wrong with it. Therefore, if Li Mu wanted these rich people to donate, he would also have to give them some "returns."

More than 300 people were already impatient at this moment. Many of them only had one thing in their minds, which was to quickly apply for membership, join the club, and then wait to mix with Li Mu. Either they followed Li Mu to earn money, or they followed Li Mu to earn fame. Even if they could brag to others that they were from the same club as Li Mu, it would be enough to gain face.

Li Mu and Chen Ze were very pleased with the situation in front of them. So many people were interested in the CSC Club, which not only meant that Li Mu's high-end club model was very successful, but also represented the unlimited potential of the CSC Club in the future. In Chen Ze's words, almost all the children of the rich people in Yan Jing with a net worth of more than 100 million were here. Behind these 300 people was probably a huge private capital worth tens, hundreds of billions, or even trillions. In time, the CSC Club would definitely become the most influential private club in Hua Xia.

…

The CSC Club's first offline salon lasted until two in the morning. When it was about to end, Li Mu even specifically reminded these rich second generations to behave themselves and play cars, and not to blow up the streets in the middle of the night.

From the early hours of this day, the number of online applications for the CSC Club began to increase.

In the following 24 hours, the CSC Club received a total of 887 membership applications. Among them, 35% of the applicants were from Yan Jing, and the rest came from all over the country.

Many of the applicants had not participated in the club's offline salon, but relying on the reputation of the car playing and rich second generation circles, they received the specific information of the CSC Club, and then went online to fill in the application materials.

The application staff conducted a quick preliminary review of the users' information. From the submitted information, a total of 651 people met the criteria. The others were basically rejected by the club because their car models did not meet the membership criteria.

The 651 people who met the criteria all needed to drive their cars to Yan Jing and undergo the review at the club's racing track. But even so, within two days of the review, more than 300 people drove their cars to the scene to participate in the review.

The review process was actually very simple. The main thing was to verify that the applicant and their qualified sports car were the same person, confirm that the car and the owner were the same, and confirm that the car had the proper procedures.

Applicants who passed the review could swipe their card and pay the fee on the spot. Currently, the CSC Club had not opened up multi-level membership for applicants to choose from. All members were not graded, and the annual membership fee was only 100,000 RMB.

100,000 RMB was not a low price, but for these people, it would cost at least 60,000 RMB or more to buy various kinds of insurance for their sports cars every year, so this price was not a burden for everyone.

And most importantly, the CSC Club's membership fee was not just a simple membership fee, but also included an equivalent amount of user consumption. In other words, the club would provide members with membership services worth 100,000 RMB in the next year. Of course, during this process, the club itself would also reserve enough profit for itself. After all, the profit margin of high-end consumption was originally higher.

This price and the corresponding services were already very worth it for these second-generation rich people. So, without exception, all 279 people who passed the review paid the membership fee on the spot and officially became members of the CSC Club.

And next to the registration and payment counter was the donation counter for the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. After the user officially became a member, they could directly donate to the "Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation."

In order to further satisfy these people's pursuit of fame, Li Mu played a little trick. He specifically asked Liu Xinying to coordinate a fully armed film crew to come over to the scene and film the whole process.

After all, every member who paid the membership fee must pass by the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation's donation counter. Next to the donation counter, a team of film crew set up their cameras and were continuously recording. This would make those who originally wanted to donate subconsciously want to donate more, and it would also make those who originally didn't want to donate, unable to resist the influence of face and the herd effect, change their minds and decide to donate.

The most interesting thing was that there was a special interview segment. There was a female host on the scene who would interview every member who donated to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, and in the interview, it was clearly stated that these interview videos would be edited into the future national promotional video of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, which would have a greater potential impact on everyone.

Li Mu had been in the Internet industry for a long time, and his skill in product research was particularly profound. So profound that he was very clear about what kind of inducement to add to the product could subtly influence the user's habits. Just like the "Lucky Red Envelope" in WeChat Red Envelope, as long as a function of random amount of money was added during the process of grabbing red envelopes, it could greatly stimulate the user's mentality of entertainment, comparison, and competition. Thus, the probability of users sending group red envelopes would increase exponentially, and users would regard sending and grabbing red envelopes as a new form of entertainment.

It was precisely because Li Mu had such a deep understanding of the user's mentality that all the CSC Club members didn't realize that Li Mu had dug a pit for himself and taken more charity money from his own pocket.

The craze of membership lasted for five days. In these five days, the CSC Club added a total of 454 official members, absorbing 45.4 million yuan in membership fees. For Li Mu, for Chen Ze, and for the entire CSC Club, it was a report card that far exceeded their expectations. However, what was even more unexpected to Li Mu was that the CSC Club members' accumulated donation amount to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation actually reached.