Chapter 639

The distance from the airport to Makino Technology was not far. If the car drove smoothly, they could reach it within half an hour. It was not a problem to use wireless GPRS to transmit pictures within half an hour. However, if the video was transmitted through the wireless network, it would consume much more time than driving. Therefore, when they set off from the airport, the data was divided into two routes, one for transmission, and the other for transportation.

The development of domestic communication technology was still very backward in this era. All the operators could not provide real fast wireless network solutions. At the same time, Hong Kong, which was separated by a river, had completed the licensing phase of 3G network. The operators had begun to set up the 3G network. It was expected that the 3G network would be popularized in Hong Kong by the end of the year at the latest. However, compared to the mainland, the 3G wireless network service was still far away.

The motorcade was still on the way to the hotel. Li Mu was chatting with Zhang Guorong and others in the Toyota Costello when YY updated another report.

"Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei have arrived in Yanjing!"

The title looked like a news flash. If it was a normal portal, this kind of news would at most have a few hundred words of concise and comprehensive text. It would quickly explain the situation to the readers. However, YY's report included many photos of the three people walking out of the airport's VIP passage, as well as high-definition close-up shots of the three people after they came out. In addition, there were high-definition photos of them before and after they got on the bus.

Calculating the time needed for the plane to land and the three people to come out of seclusion, the last photo of them getting on the bus should be taken less than 20 minutes after the article was published. Even Chen Tong, who created Sina's real-time news rolling broadcast mode, was surprised by this efficiency. In the past, they had never had such high requirements for real-time news. Not only did they need real-time text reports, but they also needed real-time high-definition photos. They didn't even need real-time transmission of pictures before, let alone a solution to such a problem. They felt that it was already very awesome that they could present the text news to the users as soon as possible. The users should be satisfied and not pursue more.

However, they didn't realize that the users would always be spoiled. As long as someone gave them a better experience, it would be difficult for them to adapt again.

YY website's simultaneous reporting method also attracted the attention of a large number of users. Coupled with the fact that the carefully selected photos were also very good, and with the three celebrities appearing together, the influence on the users became even greater. The effect was surprisingly good. The first people who were attracted were the true fans of the three celebrities, followed by those who had a good impression of them, and finally, the passersby who had no feelings for them. Many people became fans of the three celebrities.

In the Toyota Costello, the two photographers were also constantly taking close-up shots of the inside of the car. As soon as the car arrived at the restaurant, the boss, who had been waiting for a long time in advance, personally welcomed Li Mu and the others into the arranged box. The next box was reserved for the reporters of Muye Technology. Their laptops immediately connected to the network cable prepared in advance, and at the same time, they sent the latest information back to the company.

The photographers took some close-up photos of the three stars in the private room. Before the dishes were served, the latest batch of photos had been sent back.

At this moment, the netizens who were paying attention to the news in front of their computers were shocked. The frequency of YY website updates was very fast. A new article was published almost every 20-30 minutes. The new articles were usually accompanied by eight to ten pictures. Each picture was of the same size, and the layout was clean and tidy. It was pleasing to the eye.

Whether it was Sina, NetEase, or even Sohu and Yahoo, none of them had used such a high-quality and efficient way to do a special report. They were all stunned by Muye Technology's actions. Just from the way they did the news, it could be seen that Muye Technology had definitely put in a lot of effort to build a portal.

Chen Tong realized Makino Technology had made full use of the real-time scrolling report he created, and it had even reached a higher level. He was furious and anxious. Under such circumstances, his only hope is the upcoming webpage streaming media technology. He hopes to use this technology to keep Sina in an invincible position.

As for the other web portals, they had already started an emergency meeting to discuss. However, the content of their discussion was not how to compete with YY net, but how to maintain their users and traffic as much as possible under the impact of YY net. In their opinion, the reshuffle of the web portals had already begun, and they were powerless to stop it.

… …

This was the first time Li Mu had met Mei Yanfang. He didn't really like Mei Yanfang very much. Before this, what he knew most about Mei Yanfang were her popular songs, such as "Woman Flower" and "Intimate Lover". As for the films and television works she had acted in, Li Mu didn't have a very deep impression of them. However, he heard that she had a very good reputation in the Hong Kong entertainment circle. From the fact that she abandoned her work and ran to support Zhang Guorong unconditionally, it could be seen that she should be a relatively righteous person.

During dinner, Mei Yanfang also expressed her gratitude to Li Mu. She even pointed at Zhang Guorong half-jokingly and said, "I've long advised him to leave Hong Kong temporarily and come out to relax for a while, but no matter how hard I tried to persuade him, it didn't work. So this time, when I heard that he agreed to come to the mainland to be your student ambassador, you don't know how happy I was. I immediately told Sister Shufen that I would accompany him. No matter how many important things there are in the company, I will decline them all. Not for anything else, but to accompany him, support him, and repay his kindness to me. I call him brother not only because I respect him, but also because I am grateful to him."

Zhang Guorong laughed. "You're such a boring person. You're still bringing up things from so many years ago."

Mei Yanfang smiled. "I've always said that Sister Shufen is my talent scout, and you are my benefactor. Both of you are the people I respect the most in the industry. This time, you've been in China for so long, and all the places you went were remote areas. How could I not worry?

And I feel that this opportunity to come to China is very important to you. I hope that after you return to Hong Kong from China, you can return to the positive and optimistic Leslie you once were. "

Zhang Guorong nodded slightly, and her expression became more solemn. She said, "Don't worry, I'm very open to many things now."

Mei Yanfang smiled at him, and looked at Li Mu with sincerity. She said, "Li Mu, to be honest, I didn't come here just for my brother. I've heard about your 3321 from Sister Fangfang, and I personally admire it very much. Now that I have this opportunity, I want to do my part. The relationship between Hong Kong and China's entertainment industry is getting closer and closer, but there seems to be no close cooperation in terms of charity. I really want to experience 3321's efforts and intentions in charity, and then bring 3321's story to Hong Kong, so that more people will know about it, and more people will think about charity like you, and more people will participate."

Li Mu believed that what Mei Yanfang said was not to flatter him, but from the bottom of her heart. With her status, she no longer needed the resources of Makino Technology and Taobao to increase her popularity or increase the sales of her albums. Therefore, there was no need for her to please him, and there was no need for her to use 3321's help to increase her popularity. Therefore, Li Mu was quite touched by her sincerity.

Mo Wenwei sighed. "Actually, I also want to participate in the activities with you, but my manager has arranged a very full schedule for me …"

Mo Wenwei had a lot of things to do in the mainland this time. Her work schedule was almost full for the next ten days. Only these two days were free, so it was impossible for her to participate in the activities with them. However, Mo Wenwei said to Li Mu very seriously, "Li Zong, when you visit 3321 later, you must introduce me to everyone as the student ambassador of 3321. In another two months, I will definitely find time to participate in a few activities!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You are now on the rise in your career, so focus on your work for the time being. There will be plenty of opportunities for you to participate in the activities in the future. The activities of 3321 will continue for a long time. Besides, didn't you already donate a piece of Patek Philippe to the online charity auction at the end of the month? You have already done a lot for charity."

Mo Wenwei said, "Then I really want to participate in it. Otherwise, I would be too embarrassed to visit 3321 with my brother and sister."

Seeing that she was serious, Li Mu smiled and said, "That's fine. When we arrive at 3321 later, I will introduce you to everyone as the student ambassador."

Mo Wenwei happily snapped her fingers. "In two months, I will definitely become the real student ambassador of 3321!"

…

Makino Technology, YY Network Editorial Department.

The colleagues in charge of the video post-production were editing the video of the docking. According to Lu Xinyi's request, they limited the length of the video to less than two minutes. The content of the video was mainly divided into two parts: before the arrival of the star and after the arrival of the star.

The video before the arrival of the star was about 30 seconds long, and the video after the arrival of the star was about a minute and a half long. The main highlights were in the last minute and a half.

After the three people shook hands with Li Mu and Dong Ai, they faced the camera and said hello to the mainland audience. This part of the video had to be accurately edited and reflected in the whole news video.

While the video was being edited, the female anchor with a beautiful voice had already recorded the introductory lines of the video news in a closed room. After mixing the video with the audio, the video news was completed. After that, it was uploaded to the server and then published on the YY website.

The video news model had never been used in the entire Hua Xia Internet field. It was not that no one had thought of this most direct news model, but that it required too much hardware and software investment, so everyone who had this idea gave up. But for Li Mu, he did not care about these costs. Video streaming media was the general direction of the development of the Internet in the future. Online audio and video calls, online watching, and real-time live broadcasts all needed powerful streaming media technology as support. Even in the future, when the mobile Internet field was entered, the application of this technology would become broader. If they started to invest in development now, they could make Makino Technology in an absolute leading position in this field, so that no competitor could shake them. It was of great significance.