Chapter 544

To Li Mu, since Zhao Xianliang had already asked him to leave, he had no choice but to leave. Since he had to leave, he had to take Zhao Ziqiu with him. He couldn't leave her here alone.

Zhao Xianliang naturally understood the meaning behind Li Mu's words and was quite dissatisfied. In his heart, letting Li Mu leave like this was already letting him off easy. Of course, he couldn't do anything to him in this situation, but Li Mu still wanted to take his daughter away. Did he really think that he was a flower protector?

In fact, Zhao Xianliang wasn't prepared to criticize Li Mu after Zhao Ziqiu left. Although she did take a big step this time, it was still within the scope of normal love. Although Li Mu couldn't compare to the young talents from the aristocratic families that he was familiar with, he could still be considered an outstanding talent. Since his daughter truly liked him, and what was done could not be undone, there was no point in blaming her.

However, although he wouldn't criticize her, to Zhao Xianliang, he couldn't let Li Mu take his daughter away just like that. If the two of them left, how could he and his wife be left here staring at each other?

Just as he was about to refuse, Xie Yun unexpectedly nodded in agreement and said to Li Mu, "Send Ziqiu back to school. You've already missed most of the morning classes. Don't delay the afternoon classes."

After saying that, Xie Yun looked at Zhao Ziqiu. Seeing her daughter looking at her with a grateful expression, she couldn't help but sigh softly and said, "Mom will pick you up after the afternoon classes. Have dinner at home tonight."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly nodded, then looked at her father and said tentatively, "Dad, then I'll go to school with Li Mu first …"

Zhao Xianliang held back his anger, but since his wife said so, he couldn't refuse anymore. He waved his hand and said, "Okay, go. We'll talk about it when we get home tonight."

Zhao Ziqiu felt as if she had been pardoned. She hurriedly nodded to express her gratitude and pulled Li Mu out.

Li Mu also hurriedly bowed to express his gratitude and said that he would visit another day. Then, he hurriedly left with Zhao Ziqiu, got into the car, and drove away from the courtyard.

After Li Mu drove away, Zhao Xianliang felt depressed. He kicked the tea table in front of him to vent his anger, but the tea table made of mahogany was surprisingly heavy. Not only did he fail to kick the tea table, but because he used too much force, he stretched his leg muscles and couldn't help but cry out in pain.

Xie Yun hurriedly asked him with concern, "What's wrong?

Is your leg okay? "

Zhao Xianliang rubbed his thigh muscles and said bitterly, "My leg is fine, but my heart is troubled."

Seeing his depressed face, Xie Yun comforted him, "Ziqiu is almost 20. She is an adult. When she hasn't made a choice, we can give her advice and ask her. But since she has made a choice, it's meaningless for us to say these things."

As she said this, Xie Yun looked at him with a smile and said, "Let me say something inappropriate. Have you forgotten that when I was with you, I was also Ziqiu's age?"

Zhao Xianliang slapped his thigh and said indignantly, "Tell me the truth. Did your father spare me at that time?

He is an old intellectual who looks down on me. Even now, he says that I stink of money all day long. Tell me, how should I make things difficult for Li Mu in the future to feel better? "

Xie Yun covered her mouth and said with a smile, "What did you have when you were 20?

You were admitted to a third-rate university in Shanghai, and I had to subsidize your living expenses from my pocket money every month. You said that you would come back to see me, and I had to pay for the bus ticket. At least, Li Mu is much better than you were at that time. "

Zhao Xianliang was anxious and said, "At that time, the situation at home didn't allow me to spend your money. I didn't mean to spend your money."

"I know."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "But you have to admit that when you were 20, you really couldn't compare with Li Mu now."

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand and said, "Okay, okay, I won't compare my shortcomings with others' strengths. I didn't mean to make things difficult for that kid. I just feel sorry for my daughter. People say that the poor raise the son and the rich raise the daughter. I tried every possible way to let her have everything, not lack anything, and not be tempted by others. I didn't expect that after all my calculations, I still couldn't prevent it in the end."

Xie Yun said, "I think that Li Mu is not bad. This time, before I leave, I can ask him to come to my house for a meal to deepen our understanding."

"Forget it." Zhao Xianliang said, "I don't want to see him for a while."

Xie Yun asked, "Do you have a problem with Li Mu?

Or do you not like him? "

Zhao Xianliang said with a dark face, "Regarding today's matter, no matter who that kid Li Mu was, I won't be happy."

Xie Yun let out a sigh of relief. It seemed that what Zhao Xianliang was really depressed about was this matter. He didn't really have a special opinion of Li Mu. This was easy to deal with. A father's protection and love for his daughter would usually far exceed that of a mother's. When he slowly accepted the truth and realized that his daughter had really grown up, his mentality would be much better.

The villa in the Asian Games Village had already been left far behind by Li Mu, but Li Mu still had lingering fears. In his two lives, he had never experienced such an embarrassing thing.

It had to be said that sometimes people would be caught up in that kind of thing. For example, they would fall on the sidewalk, scratch the car while driving, or lose things when going out. Under these circumstances, spending the night in Zhao Ziqiu's family villa and being seen by Zhao Ziqiu's parents wasn't a big deal.

Zhao Ziqiu, who was sitting in the passenger seat, couldn't help but say to Li Mu, "I'm really sorry. I didn't expect my parents to suddenly come back. They were originally in Australia, but I don't know why they came to Yanjing …"

Li Mu said, "What's there to be sorry about? If you really want to apologize, it should be me. Your parents won't blame you for this, right?"

Zhao Ziqiu gave Li Mu a comforting look and said, "They won't. Don't worry."

The car happened to stop at a red light at an intersection. Li Mu turned to look at Zhao Ziqiu and said seriously, "If you need me to meet Uncle and Auntie to explain the situation, I can do it anytime."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. "I know. You don't have to worry about me. Oh right, just send me back to school and go about your business."

Li Mu knew that Zhao Ziqiu might have to accompany her parents during her spare time, so he nodded and told her, "Call me if anything happens."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled sweetly and nodded. "I still don't know how long my parents will be staying in Yanjing. I'm afraid I won't be able to see you for a few days. It just so happens that you're going to Hong Kong in a few days. Let's meet up when you come back from Hong Kong."

"Okay."

…

An international 4A advertising company that worked with Makino Technology had already come up with a complete advertising plan. This plan was tailored around the full range of Makino Technology's products and Du Wei's image and temperament. Li Mu contributed a little bit of his "creativity", which was to add some elements that were specifically designed for otakus and related to 2D elements to Du Wei's image. For example, some Japanese-style cartoon costumes and styling designs could better highlight Du Wei's beauty and cuteness.

After the plan was finalized, Du Wei began to throw herself into the heavy work of filming. The first batch to be completed was the print advertisement. Li Mu requested that YY123's offline advertisement be released as soon as possible, intending to put more pressure on Hao123 and Li Xingping. Originally, Li Mu planned to go to the studio this morning to check on the progress of the filming. He didn't expect such a hiccup to occur in the middle. When Li Mu sent Zhao Ziqiu back to school, it was almost noon. He was about to make a call to the frontline to ask about the progress of the filming when Liu Yidong called. He urgently wanted to meet with Li Mu.

Recently, Liu Yidong had been waiting for Li Mu to show up so that he could connect with Li Mu about the latest situation of Taobao. In addition, there were some things that Li Mu did not explain clearly, and he still needed clear instructions from Li Mu. He took the initiative to look for Li Mu because he could not wait any longer.

Ever since Taobao was launched, it had been going strong. This continuous momentum made many small sellers set their eyes on Taobao. Due to the large number of users on Taobao, the smooth payment channels, and the fact that it was completely open to small sellers for free, a large number of sellers began to pour in. In a short period of time, the number of people selling things on Taobao increased by several times, and there were more and more types of products being sold. Although many of these sellers were only doing business for the time being or came in with the attitude of giving it a try, they still made a huge contribution to the prosperity of Taobao.

In addition, Taobao had a strong support in the form of Mango-ME. On the day it was launched, 100,000 units of Mango-ME had been shipped to consumers through postal EMS. There were more and more reviews and demonstrations of Mango-ME on the internet. Such a low price, such a beautiful and user-friendly MP3 player, was a perfect online shopping experience for most users. In a short period of time, Mango-ME's reputation on the internet rose.

For Li Mu, Mango-ME had perfectly achieved the mission he gave it. It was now a business card of Taobao. For users, it was the first online product, and it was the best product in the same category. Whether users bought Mango-ME or not, they began to realize the uniqueness of online shopping, its convenience, speed, and low price.

For merchants, Mango-ME's sales on Taobao had greatly touched their nerves. After many companies observed the follow-up movements of Mango-ME for a few days, they confirmed that Mango-ME's sales were not fake. Therefore, they began to take the initiative to register their flagship stores on Taobao. However, they soon encountered an obstacle. Taobao's review of store names was manual, and it was very strict. At present, any individual or company that applied for a store name with the word "flagship store" or its own brand name would be rejected by Taobao.

The current backlog of official store applications on Taobao had reached three digits. Among them, there were big brands that were well-known in the country, and there were also small brands that were not very famous. In short, these applications were all suppressed because Li Mu had already clearly instructed Liu Xiaodong that the official store must wait for his permission before opening. Now, not only those companies couldn't wait, but even Liu Xiaodong couldn't wait.