Chapter 759

At 9: 30 PM, Central TV's "Face to Face" was broadcast punctually on Central TV Department 1 and the news channel.

After the clichéd opening title, Sun Junyi's narration sounded.

"He founded the 3321 Education Network, known as the 'Second Stage of Project Hope'. In less than a year, he helped and funded millions of college and high school students without taking a single cent for himself."

At this moment, the screen suddenly showed a clip of Li Mu being interviewed as the founder of 3321 last year. In the clip, Li Mu said confidently, "To me, 3321 is a purely charitable platform. Whether it is in the past, present, or future, as long as 3321 exists, it will never regard profit as its development goal."

Then, Sun Junyi's voice continued, "In order to better serve the college students who are part-time tutors on 3321, he led the development of an online payment tool that now has tens of millions of users — Alipay."

The screen once again switched to a clip of Li Mu's interview. In the clip, Li Mu said to the host, "3321 is a kind of connection and connection between online and offline. It allows me to move offline services and sell them online. However, we still need to solve a payment problem. If we can complete payment online, it will be even more convenient for 3321's users …"

Sun Junyi's narration continued, "In a year's time, he founded Makino Technology, Alipay, and Taobao. At the age of 20, he became a well-deserved leader in the Internet industry in Hua Xia."

The screen changed to a short clip of Li Mu's interview. Li Mu was sitting in his office at Taobao's Yanjing Storage Base. He said with a smile, "I think I've just started. If the Internet is a sea of stars waiting for me to conquer, then I've only just built a ship. That's all."

The narration changed again.

The YY, Tieba, and Happy Farm he founded have more than 100 million registered users and tens of millions of daily active users.

The Alipay he founded has created safe and secure online payments for tens of millions of netizens.

The Taobao Online he founded has only been online for a few months, and it has created a miracle of 2.683 billion in daily sales.

He has invested 500 million to become the best express delivery logistics company in the country.

He is a college student.

He is 20 years old this year …

Just what kind of mysterious abilities did he have?

In this episode of 'Face to Face,' Sun Junyi will bring you closer to the pride of the internet — Li Mu, and his legendary story! "

The mixed trailer was very exciting, and a series of parallelism sentences with "he" as the beginning had completely aroused the audience's expectations.

Then, the scene switched to a very ordinary office. The camera was focused on two very ordinary chairs. Then, the camera switched positions. Sun Junyi and Li Mu were each sitting on one of the chairs.

Sun Junyi smiled at Li Mu and said, "Hello, Li Mu."

In the picture, Li Mu was wearing clean and refreshing casual clothes. His hair was deliberately styled with hair wax. He looked casual and cool. Not only was he full of vigor, but he also exuded a bit of scholarly aura. Overall, he gave people the feeling that he was not inferior to those popular little fresh meats ten years later. It caused countless screams in front of the TV.

At this moment, Li Mu nodded humbly and politely to Sun Junyi and said, "Hello, host."

Sun Junyi said, "I'm very happy and honored that you can accept an interview with our 'Face to Face' program. I think the audience in front of the TV should be familiar with you. More than half a year ago, because you founded 3321, many of our programs have interviewed you."

Li Mu nodded and responded with a smile, "I'm also very honored to receive an invitation from 'Face to Face' program."

Sun Junyi said, "I think the audience in front of the TV must be extremely shocked at this moment. Because in everyone's eyes, you should be the most famous top student at Renmin University, the genius who founded 3321 and brought great changes to countless students with financial difficulties. But suddenly, you became the founder of three large internet companies. This change may be very difficult for the audience to accept."

Li Mu smiled lightly and said humbly, "I'm just one of the millions of young people who love the internet. I don't deserve the title of genius."

Sun Junyi nodded and said with a smile, "At the beginning of today's interview, I want to ask you a question on behalf of the audience in the country."

"Please go ahead."

"Animal Husbandry Technology and Taobao are the leaders of the domestic internet companies. As the founders, why do you choose to be so low-key?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and replied with a smile, "It's not that I want to be low-key on purpose. It's just that all businesses are divided into several stages, especially the initial stage of entrepreneurship. I need to calm down and concentrate on accumulating. Whether it's Makino Technology, Alipay, or Taobao, these three companies have been established for no more than a year. In my opinion, they are still in the accumulation stage, so I put my time and energy into the development of the company. Naturally, I'm more low-key."

Sun Junyi nodded and said with a smile, "These days, the whole country is talking about Taobao, the e-commerce website that created a sales miracle. I want to ask, as the founder, are you shocked by the 2.683 billion sales of Taobao?"

Li Mu shook his head indifferently and said with sincerity, "To be honest, I'm not shocked by the amount. What shocked me was people's attitude towards this amount. Before this, I didn't think that Taobao Brand Day would bring such a strong response."

Sun Junyi said with surprise, "2.683 billion sales in a day is not shocking to you at all?"

Li Mu nodded very sincerely. "I'm not surprised at all. Since it's a platform, I must know my own platform like the back of my hand. So in my opinion, this amount is completely reasonable."

Speaking of this, Li Mu said with a faint smile, "This time's Brand Day is just a trial. Because Taobao has just started, people have just begun to accept the consumption model of e-commerce. Moreover, we have always been worried that the end of e-commerce will not be able to bear the load. So for this Brand Day, we can say that we have restrained ourselves as a whole. In addition to the companies that we agreed to cooperate with at the beginning, there were many companies that wanted to participate, but we were cautious about the end of the chain, so we rejected all of them."

Sun Junyi asked Li Mu, "What do you mean by the end of the chain?"

Li Mu said, "Logistics and distribution. Once e-commerce involves the transaction of physical goods, it will definitely involve logistics and distribution. We can't just sell online without restraint. We also have to consider how to deliver the goods to the users in a timely and safe manner after the sale. The end of the chain may seem inconspicuous, but it plays the most critical role, so we have to pay attention to the balance between sales and the end of the chain."

Sun Junyi asked again, "What kind of balance are you talking about?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "My parents have worked in the coal industry for half their lives. Let's take the coal mine as an example. In an underground mine, it is necessary to dig horizontal tunnels to each working surface. In engineering, everyone hopes to progress faster, but the speed is not determined by the front excavation, but by the support at the back.

The tunnel excavation team was in front, and the team responsible for the anchor shotcrete support was in the back. The anchor shotcrete support team had to anchor the top of the newly excavated tunnel in time. They had to drill anchor rods, hang anchor nets, and spray concrete slurry to form a strong reinforced concrete protective net above their heads to prevent collapse and roof fall. Therefore, their speed had to keep up. If there was no anchor shotcrete support in a tunnel more than ten meters long, not only would the excavation team in front be in danger, but the entire project might also be fatally threatened.

So the progress of the entire project is not determined by the excavation team in front, but by the support at the end. There must be a balance between the speed of excavation and the strength of the support, so that we can pursue the highest efficiency while ensuring safety. This is also the basic development principle that Taobao abides by. "

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu paused and said, "For e-commerce, the logistics at the end is extremely important. It is equivalent to the anchor shotcrete support in the mine, and it is especially significant. Although Taobao is preparing to build its own logistics, Rome was not built in a day. So I only controlled the sales on Brand Day according to the existing logistics carrying capacity. Thus, I interfered and limited the sales on Brand Day, and did not completely open it up. The facts have also proved that our caution is completely correct, because on Brand Day, many private express delivery companies stopped receiving packages. If we were slightly more optimistic at the beginning, it would have likely caused a disaster."

Sun Junyi nodded and said, "We have learned from the relevant departments that several private express delivery companies stopped receiving packages during Brand Day. They should already be investigating, and the results should be announced soon."

As he spoke, Sun Junyi said, "As you said just now, Taobao should still be at a stage where it has not fully exerted its power. So can you estimate, if the logistics and distribution link can be satisfied to the maximum, how much room does Taobao have for growth?

If we do Brand Day again, how much do you think we can achieve in 24 hours? "

Li Mu adjusted his sitting posture, stretched out a finger, and said confidently, "If we do Brand Day again next year, my goal is at least 10 billion yuan."

Sun Junyi was shocked by Li Mu's 10 billion yuan.

However, Li Mu smiled faintly and said confidently, "As an online platform, Taobao can carry a huge amount of order data. With the current overall technical structure and data processing capacity of Taobao, we can even carry 10 billion yuan a day. 10 billion yuan of orders is just a string of data and codes for us, but if it is converted into goods, I'm afraid it will be more than 100 million goods. With our current logistics capacity, it is impossible to transport more than 100 million parcels in a short period of time while ensuring the time limit."

As he spoke, Li Mu's expression also became excited. He said seriously, "We have already invested 500 million in our own logistics system, in order to fully support the demand of the entire Taobao and even the end of the entire e-commerce. If this goal is achieved, not only can we increase the turnover of Taobao, but we can also create at least tens of thousands of logistics jobs. So logistics is also the most important part of our next development!"

Li Mu's 500 million yuan in cash was already in his account, ready to go. The reason why he did not act immediately was that he wanted to ask for some dividends from the social attention that Taobao had attracted. Therefore, he had to send a signal to the whole society, especially the leaders, through CCTV: logistics was very important to Taobao. If the leaders wanted Taobao to play an important role in stimulating the internal demand, they had to give enough support and guarantee to Taobao logistics.

Of course, it was also necessary to slander Boss Ma in front of the entire nation's audience.