Chapter 496

Through Chen Wan's intimate actions, Li Mu knew in his heart that she hadn't forgotten what happened last night. However, Li Mu didn't feel embarrassed. He faintly smiled and intentionally didn't call her "sister". Instead, he smiled and teased, "After sleeping for almost twelve hours, you're finally willing to wake up?"

Chen Wan caressed Li Mu. "I just woke up in a daze. I could have closed my eyes and slept for a while, but I suddenly thought of you, so I quickly got up to see if you were still there."

Li Mu said, "You drank too much. How could I leave you at home and go by myself?"

As he spoke, Li Mu turned off the gas stove and opened the boiling soup pot. He said to Chen Wan, "Go wash up first. I'll take the eggs out and soak them in cold water. Then we can eat."

Chen Wan nodded and said, "Don't look back. I'm disheveled and dirty. I'm ugly."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I definitely won't look back."

Chen Wan immediately let go of Li Mu's hand. Li Mu immediately broke his promise and turned his head to look at her. He didn't expect that as soon as he turned around, Chen Wan, who hadn't left at all, would tiptoe to greet him. She caught him off guard and lightly kissed him on the lips. Li Mu was still stunned and hadn't recovered. Chen Wan blushed and said, "I already told you not to look back. This is the price you pay for not keeping your word."

Li Mu lightly smacked his lips. "It feels pretty good. Anything else?"

Chen Wan took a step back. "No. First kiss. You really got lucky."

Li Mu said, "It was just a little bit. Does it count?"

Chen Wan said very firmly, "Of course, it counts!"

Li Mu could only spread out his hands. "If you say it counts, then it counts. Go wash up first and then come eat."

Chen Wan nodded and walked to the bathroom. Suddenly, she poked her head out from the hallway and asked Li Mu, "Do you still remember what we talked about last night?"

Li Mu said, "I remember. You see, I haven't called you sister since I woke up today."

Chen Wan's face quickly turned red. "It's good that you remember. I'm going to wash up."

Li Mu prepared breakfast and cleaned up the leftovers on the coffee table. Chen Wan also finished washing up and sat next to Li Mu. She asked Li Mu, "How did you sleep last night?"

Li Mu pointed at the sofa. "Sleep here."

Chen Wan looked away and asked, "Why are you sleeping on the sofa?

You can sleep in the house too. The bed is so big. "

Li Mu said, "I want to, but you drank too much yesterday. As the saying goes, a gentleman doesn't take advantage of others when they are down. If you say that today, I'll …"

Chen Wan saw that Li Mu suddenly stuttered and couldn't help but ask, "What will you do if you say these words today?"

Li Mu smiled faintly. "I'll do as you say."

Chen Wan put down the bread she had just picked up and looked seriously at Li Mu. "Although I drank a little too much yesterday, every word I said was sincere."

Li Mu saw that she was so serious, so he also became serious. "Me too."

Chen Wan immediately picked up the bread again and took a bite. "That's why it's said that opportunities don't come back again."

Li Mu threw the bread in his hand back onto the plate and looked at Chen Wan. "You're playing with me."

Chen Wan said, "When did I?"

Li Mu complained. "Just now. Let's not play tricks. Last night, we didn't talk about letting me sleep in the house. How would I know that was an opportunity?"

Chen Wan said, "We've known each other for so long and our relationship has always been quite close. Would I play with you for something as simple as letting you sleep in my bed for a night?"

Li Mu suddenly realized. "Oh, you said sleeping in your bed for a night."

Chen Wan nodded. "Yes, what did you think it was?"

Li Mu pinched the bridge of his nose. "Okay, you win."

Then, he just angrily stopped eating.

Chen Wan saw that he seemed to be a little angry, so she hurriedly picked up the bread on his plate and brought it to Li Mu's mouth. She said seriously, "Okay, I'm just joking with you. Listen to me and eat something first."

Li Mu let out a long sigh and stopped joking with her. Instead, he said seriously, "I have to go to the company today. There's a meeting in the afternoon. Where are you going in the afternoon?"

Chen Wan suddenly thought of something and slapped her forehead. "I almost forgot. I'm meeting an old classmate for lunch. She just happened to come to Yanjing from Shanghai on a business trip and asked me to eat together."

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "When did you two meet?"

Chen Wan said, "A few days ago. I think it was Tuesday. Why?"

Li Mu reminded her, "It's best to wear a mask and sunglasses when you go out today. Also, don't go to a crowded place to eat."

Chen Wan subconsciously asked him, "Why?"

Li Mu said, "Don't you remember the 11.9% rating of 'Happy Camp' last night?"

Only then did Chen Wan remember.

Since the alcohol went to her head last night, she only thought about Li Mu. As for 'Happy Camp', she didn't even think about it. After being reminded by Li Mu, she then remembered the text message that Zhou Sheng sent her yesterday.

The peak rating was 11.9%. Chen Wan, who had sobered up, was shocked by the number again.

As soon as Chen Wan seriously thought about what the 11.9% rating meant, she couldn't help but feel a little cold on her back. 11.9% rating was enough to make anyone famous, and it was the kind of person who would become a household name in the country.

Seeing that Chen Wan was a little stunned, Li Mu couldn't help but remind her, "If you continue on this path, then you have to adapt to the impact of the rating as soon as possible. You have to bear the pressure and do it better. Otherwise, if it's just a flash in the pan, you will become a joke."

Chen Wan suddenly wanted to be strong and said, "I will definitely try my best to adapt and then do my best. I just don't want to add more pressure to you."

Li Mu thought of the promise between the two of them last night and smiled slightly. "No matter how much pressure there is, I will definitely do it."

After breakfast, Li Mu and Chen Wan hugged each other and said goodbye. He left Chen Wan's house alone with complicated feelings but a different kind of relief. In his view, as long as he held the belief that he would protect her for the rest of his life, everything else was not important. No matter how he and Chen Wan developed in the future, right or wrong, he would not let her be alone.

If she was destined to be entangled with him for the rest of his life, he would be entangled with her. No matter what, this life would not be in vain. If one day she changed her mind or met a more suitable man and treated him as a younger brother again, Li Mu would also turn all the feelings in his heart into family love and be the most reliable family member for her for the rest of his life.

…

On this Saturday morning, Chen Wan had already become the most discussed and followed host.

Other than the television media deliberately not reporting on Chen Wan and Happy Camp out of consideration for competition, the other major newspapers, magazines, and online media all gave extensive coverage to Chen Wan's debut in "Happy Camp". In an extremely short period of time, she had already become familiar with hundreds of millions of people.

Chen Wan rummaged through her drawers and found a mask. She put it on and went out, but as soon as she entered the elevator, she was recognized by a neighbor inside. Chen Wan did not have any interactions with this neighbor, but because they had met a few times in the neighborhood, she recognized her when she was watching television last night. She did not expect to really run into her the moment she went out. Although Chen Wan was wearing a mask, her figure, eyes, and hairstyle were still recognized at a glance.

In the elevator, the neighbor praised her performance last night to the skies in front of Chen Wan. He even rummaged through his bag to find a pen and paper for Chen Wan to sign. In the end, he really could not find it and had a look of regret. Chen Wan could only say that there would be opportunities in the future, and the neighbor finally gave up.

After getting out of the elevator, Chen Wan also put on her sunglasses, but she was still recognized a few times in the neighborhood.

After all, the people in the neighborhood occasionally met each other, so they were somewhat familiar with each other. Moreover, Chen Wan was a beauty, so the people who saw her in the neighborhood had a deep impression of her.

Chen Wan could usually leave the neighborhood in three minutes, but this time, she actually took more than twenty minutes. Even the security guard at the door took out the paper and pen used for visitor registration and asked Chen Wan to sign. Fortunately, the house that Chen Wan's father bought for her was in a relatively high-end neighborhood. The neighborhood management was strict, and the people in the neighborhood were not that complicated.

It was also fortunate that camera phones had not started to become common, and people did not have the habit of carrying a camera when they went out. Otherwise, Chen Wan's trip today would probably be even more difficult.

After leaving the neighborhood and getting into a taxi, Chen Wan finally let out a sigh of relief. She also finally understood what Li Mu wanted to express last night. Once she became a public figure, she would receive countless people's attention. Even most of her private matters would be difficult to hide. It seemed that in the future, whether it was in Yanjing or Xiangdu, she had to try her best to keep a low profile. She tried her best to not let the matters of her life be made public. She was worried that if that was the case, it would bring even more pressure to Li Mu.

Li Mu returned to Yucheng Garden alone, took a simple shower, and ate some lunch downstairs. Then, he rushed to the office of Taobao to have a meeting with Liu Xiaodong and Fang Xudong. Although the general guidelines for Taobao's launch had been set, the three of them still had to go through the specific process and key points before going online.

When he thought that the house that Chen Guanghua bought for Wang Xinran was still under his name, Li Mu was ready to talk to Wang Xinran's parents after the meeting and tell them about the house.

But after thinking about it, Li Mu felt that it was better to contact Wang Shaohua first. He was the head of the family, and men would not do things as emotionally as most women. Otherwise, if Su Yuehua was still angry and didn't want the house in front of her, it would be a little embarrassing.

Before Li Mu left for Taobao, he called Wang Shaohua. Wang Shaohua was at home at that time and was a little curious when he received the call from Li Mu. After the two exchanged phone numbers, this was the first time that Li Mu called him.

Su Yuehua was also a little surprised. She didn't know why Li Mu called her husband directly. After Wang Shaohua picked up the phone, Li Mu said a few polite words to him and asked him, "Uncle Wang, are you free in the afternoon?

I have something I want to talk to you about. "

Wang Shaohua thought for a moment and said, "I'm free in the afternoon. I don't have anything to do."

Li Mu said, "Well, I'll drive to pick you up at about five o 'clock in the afternoon. Let's find a place to sit for a while."

Wang Shaohua saw that Li Mu didn't reveal any clues on the phone, so he agreed and said, "Then let's contact each other in the afternoon."

"Okay."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yuehua asked him curiously, "What did Li Mu want to talk to you about?"

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "It seemed that he wanted to talk to me alone. I promised him at about five o 'clock in the afternoon."

Su Yuehua asked, "He didn't say what it was or what it was about."

"No."

Wang Shaohua shrugged and said, "He didn't seem to want to say it, so I didn't ask. We'll know when we meet."