Chapter 702

It was not easy for Papa Lee and Li Ma to accept the fact that Li Mu had a net worth of billions. Li Mu confessed some of his other projects to them.

First of all, he confessed that he had used 3321 to incubate Alipay, and then he used Alipay to do Taobao with a senior from the National People's Congress.

Fortunately, Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't know much about Taobao, nor did they know much about Alipay. It sounded like a small project that Li Mu used to test the water. Under the halo of Makino Technology, they didn't realize what these two companies represented respectively.

Secondly, Li Mu said that he was running a real estate company with Song Liang and another friend. Papa Lee and Li Ma suddenly realized that their previous guess was right. Song Liang came to Yan Jing to develop because of their son.

Papa Lee and Li Ma asked about the current progress of Li Mu's real estate company. Li Mu just said lightly, "There is no serious project under construction at the moment. I will try to start it in the second half of this year."

Papa Lee and Li Ma thought that they had just started, so they were not surprised. Papa Lee said to Li Mu, "The water of the real estate industry is so deep. You must be careful."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, Dad. I only invest money in real estate projects. I am not responsible for the specific operation. Moreover, I don't invest much money. It doesn't matter even if I lose money."

Papa Lee and Li Ma nodded and didn't ask any more questions. In their opinion, Li Mu was now far beyond the scope of what they could see through. Therefore, in this case, they couldn't make any substantive suggestions about Li Mu's business behavior. The only thing they could do was to remind him to be careful.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Several of my current projects are in the stage of burning money. Now online games are very popular, so I set up a game company and acted as an agent for an online game in South Korea. Now I have tens of millions of income every month."

"Tens of millions a month …" Papa Lee and Li Ma were shocked by this sentence.

On the other hand, Li Mu said calmly, "Game companies are like this. As long as a game becomes popular, millions of people in the country will play it. Everyone will spend tens of yuan on this game every month, and the monthly income will be tens of millions. However, the pace of change in the game market is too fast, so most online games have a short lifespan. A game that can make tens of millions a month this year might not even make tens of millions a year next year."

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other. The two of them clasped their hands tightly. They could feel each other's palms were covered in sweat.

Seeing that his parents were a little nervous, Li Mu hurriedly began to make up for it. "That's how it is in the internet business. Once a project is done, it will lead to the start of other projects especially quickly. This is because a lot of resources can be shared and even used. YY has so many users now, and with YY as the foundation, it will be much easier to promote any product to the users than to do it alone. So you don't have to be too surprised. In the future, with YY as the core product, I may try all kinds of things."

Papa Lee and Li Ma nodded lightly, not fully understanding. The two of them were happy and helpless at the same time. Their feelings were rather complicated.

At this time, Li Mu changed the topic and said to his parents, "My game company's accounts are independent, so it's not that troublesome. Mom, didn't you set up a company as the agent for Noble Bird? Give me the company account later, and I'll have the game company transfer 50 million to your company first."

Li Ma hurriedly waved her hand and said, "I don't need that much, 20 million is enough!"

Papa Lee also added, "Your mom and I want to contract the first floor of the department store. In that case, 10 million at most would be enough. But what you said makes sense. If we go back and contract the first and second floors, 20 million will be more than enough."

Li Mu said, "You're doing a physical business model. In the beginning, there is no story or concept to tell. Everything depends on the account after the opening of the shopping mall. Unlike the Internet business, you can rely on concepts and stories to finance when you run out of money. So you'd better prepare more money. If you can't use it up, put it in the account for a rainy day."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "In fact, I have another idea. Not only does Haizhou not have a clothing retail commercial center, but we don't even have a real large supermarket. You often go to the south, so you should have a general understanding of how convenient and large supermarkets like Carrefour and Wal-Mart are. If you can open a large comprehensive supermarket in Haizhou this year, you will definitely be able to occupy this market before Carrefour and Wal-Mart. The market space is still very large. You can consider it. If you are interested, you can also open one in Haizhou."

Li Ma thought for a moment and said, "I have paid attention to the large supermarket. It is indeed a blank in Haizhou. But your dad and I have no experience in this area, and we don't know where to start."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I just said it casually. Anyway, if you have more money in your hands, you can seize new business opportunities in time. Otherwise, if you invest all your money in the shopping mall, you will not be able to take action in a short time when you see a good project."

Papa Lee knew that Li Mu was persuading them to accept his 50 million financial support, so he said to his wife, "I think we should not hesitate. Mu is not short of money now. Let's save it for him. If there is a good project to invest in, we can still make money."

Nanny Li thought it made sense, so she didn't hesitate any longer and nodded in agreement. After all, her son could make money and was rich and overbearing.

50 million was estimated to be a month's income for his game company.

Li Mu looked at the time and said, "Let's go out for dinner later. There is a very good roast duck restaurant nearby. It is very authentic. I will take you to try it."

…

At about seven o 'clock in the evening, Li Mu brought his parents to the restaurant. Before the dishes were served, he received a call from Chen Ze. Li Mu went out of the private room and answered the call. On the other end of the phone, Chen Ze asked Li Mu excitedly, "Are you back?"

"I'm back." Li Mu could hear the excitement in his voice. He could not help but ask, "What's the good news?

Why are you so excited? "

Chen Ze asked Li Mu, "Do you know how much the second-hand housing prices in the East Third Ring Road, especially near the Three Round Bridge, have increased in the past few days when you were away?"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "How much did it increase?"

"It is generally around 50%."

Chen Ze said, "This is the biggest increase in Beijing's housing prices in recent years. The average price of the entire East Third Ring Road has increased by about 30%, and it is still rising. The market transaction rate is not high, and it seems that everyone is still watching."

Li Mu sighed and said, "The more reluctant the owners are to sell their second-hand houses, the faster the housing prices will rise. It is estimated that by the end of the year, the price of a good real estate will double."

"It is very likely."

Chen Ze said, "Right now, whoever has approved residential land in the Three Round Bridge or even the entire East Third Ring Road is the boss of the bank."

Li Mu asked curiously, "How are our funds?"

Chen Ze said with a smile, "I called you to tell you about this. Our funds have all been received, a total of seven billion, with the lowest commercial interest rate."

"Seven billion?" Li Mu asked in surprise, "It increased again?"

Chen Ze said with a smile, "Yes, the housing prices are rising too fast, and the land prices are also rising. I originally wanted eight billion plus the lowest commercial interest rate, but the other party said that eight billion needs to be approved by the head office. I was afraid that it would delay things, so I signed it directly. The money has been received now."

Li Mu felt a burst of joy in his heart, "No wonder you are so excited, so the money has been received!"

Chen Ze said, "Not only the money has been received, I have also understood the situation in Sanlitun. You guys go to the summit this weekend, and we will meet on Monday to discuss the specific situation."

"Okay!

Talk to you on Monday! "

With seven billion in place, there were too many things that could be done. Li Mu did not know what the lowest commercial interest rate Chen Ze was, but since it was the lowest, it was probably pitifully low. Now was the golden period for investments in various industries, and a low interest rate loan was simply giving money to them. Whatever they invested in, the return would be far higher than the bank's interest rate, so naturally, the more money they had, the better.

Before the dishes were served, Li Mu called Liu Xiaodong again. Recently, he had been doing the preparatory work for building his own logistics. It could be said that he was waiting for his own money to be in place. For such an important matter, he had to inform him in advance so that he could be happy.

Li Mu estimated that he would meet with Chen Ze and Song Liang on Monday, and the one billion that he had reserved would be in his account by Tuesday at the latest, so he said to Liu Xiaodong on the phone, "Liu Shixiong, the money will be in your account by next Tuesday. I will go to the company on Tuesday morning, and we will discuss the specifics of how to start."

Li Mu's straightforward words made Liu Xiaodong unable to react for a long time. After about half a minute, he asked with ecstasy, "What?

The money will be in your account by next Tuesday?!

Really?! "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Why would I lie to you? The seven billion loan of six plots of land in Wanying Real Estate has already been received. If we are fast, it will be in your account by Monday."

"That's great!"

Liu Xiaodong said excitedly, "Tuesday happens to be our summer brand day. I think you'd better come before 12 o 'clock on Monday night. This is the moment to witness a miracle!"

Li Mu had forgotten when the summer brand day was, so he asked subconsciously, "Next Tuesday is the summer brand day?"

Liu Xiaodong said, "You must be so busy that you're confused. July 23rd is next Tuesday!"

Li Mu suddenly realized and said hurriedly, "OK, I will go on Monday night!"

The summer brand day was equivalent to the preliminary form of the online shopping festival in the future, and it was also a good opportunity for Taobao to show the real strength of the platform to the world. Such a big event, Li Mu naturally could not miss it.

Back at the dining table, Li Mu could not help but smile happily. Li Ma saw it and couldn't help asking him, "Son, what's the matter? Why are you smiling so brightly?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Nothing much. I asked a few friends to meet next week to discuss something. There is some progress in the new project."

Li Mu did not tell them about Wanying Real Estate. Seven billion in cash, even he felt a little scared when he heard it. What's more, his parents were shocked enough today. It was better to let them digest it a little, and then talk about it in the future …