Chapter 734

Li Mu's quick cowardice in front of Li Ma made Wei Lan want to laugh. It seemed that even though Li Mu's business was at its peak outside, he was still an obedient child in front of her mother at home. A half-true, half-false reprimand from her mother could instantly make him obedient.

However, Wei Lan was also very curious. What kind of news could make Li Mu stop eating and get up to go to Wanying Real Estate? Moreover, he even asked her to come with him.

Could it be that there was a clue to the matter that he had been hiding from her and was unwilling to tell her?

Thinking of this, Wei Lan felt inexplicably nervous.

It might really be something big, and it might really be a good thing, Wei Lan thought.

Seeing that Li Mu was wolfing down the food beside her, Wei Lan couldn't help but speed up her eating.

Li Ma saw that the two of them were so anxious as soon as they heard about work and felt helpless. She said to Li Mu, "Eat slowly. Can't you see that your Sister Lan is wolfing down the food?

Eating too fast is bad for the stomach, and it's hard to digest! "

Li Mu had no choice but to slow down.

At one o 'clock sharp, Li Mu finally finished a bowl of rice. He slowly put down his chopsticks, wiped his mouth, and said, "I'm done."

Li Ma nodded in satisfaction.

A few minutes later, Wei Lan also put down her bowl and chopsticks. "Uncle, Auntie, I'm done too."

Li Mu said, "Mom, Dad, we have business to attend to at the company. We'll be leaving first."

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other helplessly. Papa Lee said, "Be careful when you drive."

Li Mu nodded and couldn't wait to get up. He left the restaurant with Wei Lan and drove to Wanying Real Estate.

Sitting in the front passenger seat next to Li Mu, Wei Lan couldn't help but ask him, "Did something important happen?

Why are you in such a hurry? "

Li Mu smiled faintly, looked at Wei Lan, and said without stopping, "The three billion to save Juncheng has already been transferred to your account. Do you think it's important?"

Wei Lan looked like she had been struck by lightning. She stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. After a while, she stammered and asked, "Is what you said true?

Have you found the three billion to save Juncheng? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a faint smile, "Brother Liang just called. The money has arrived. Let's go over now to discuss the matter of opening an escrow account with the creditor bank of Juncheng Real Estate in Shanghai. After communicating with the bank, we can start the loan repayment process. Once the account is set up and 3 billion is transferred in, we don't have to worry about anything anymore. We just have to stay calm and wait for the case to be closed. It's best to drag it out for two and a half to three years before closing the case!"

Wei Lan clenched her fists excitedly. She was incomparably excited. "That's great!

I told my dad about our cooperation before. My dad only has two knots in his heart. One is that he's worried that you guys will bear the 800 million in the final contract. The other is that he's worried that Juncheng Real Estate will really fall into the hands of the Lanke Group. I have the same worry as him. Once the three billion is in, we can completely relax! "

As she spoke, Wei Lan snorted and said, "I suddenly want to see Wang Runqing. I want to see what kind of expression he will have when he finds out that Juncheng is out of danger!

Oh, right, there's also that Xiao Chenfeng! "

Li Mu nodded. "Don't worry. This time, they will definitely be slapped in the face!"

…

The two of them arrived at Wanying Real Estate with excitement in their hearts. Chen Ze had already rushed over at this time. Li Mu was delayed for a while because he was stopped by Li Ma to finish lunch, so he was undoubtedly at the bottom again.

Just as Li Mu brought Wei Lan into the office, Song Liang and Chen Ze stood up and bowed slightly to Li Mu. They deliberately said with a hint of respect, "Li Zong, you're here."

Li Mu dodged slightly. "What are you guys doing?"

"We're worshipping him." Song Liang smiled and said, "Three billion was transferred so quickly. It's like a dream."

Li Mu said, "This is the credit of everyone, especially Old Chen. Old Zhou and Old Zhao are only helping so actively because of Old Chen."

Chen Ze waved his hand. "It doesn't matter whose face it is. The key is that you were the one who came up with this genius idea. We were just helping from the side."

Li Mu smiled humbly and said jokingly, "You're too kind. This is the result of our cooperation. It's everyone's credit. How can I take it all for myself?"

Wei Lan, who was at the side, saw the three of them talking nonsense. She couldn't hold it in anymore and urged, "Can you guys tell me what happened?

Is it fun to keep me in the dark? "

Song Liang and Chen Ze both turned to look at Li Mu. Li Mu decided to stop trying to be mysterious. He said to Wei Lan, "We've found a fund company and a bank to cooperate with. We'll use Juncheng Real Estate and Muye Technology to back up the fund company's bottom line. The fund company will issue an investment fund of three billion yuan, which will be redeemed in one lump sum after three years. The capital and interest will be repaid. The bank has already sold out the three billion yuan fund, and the fund company has already transferred the money to Wanying."

Wei Lan was dumbfounded. She looked at Li Mu with her mouth agape and asked him, "Issue an investment fund?

You can get three billion for three years just like that?

Is it so easy to operate a fund? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "You can think of it as crowdfunding. We'll use the fund to launch a guaranteed profitable project and call on ordinary people to invest in it. When the time comes, we'll pay the principal and interest together. In this way, we won't have to use our current cash flow, and we don't have to go through the bank mortgage process. The fund company will issue the fund, the insurance company will underwrite it, and Juncheng Real Estate and Makino Technology will back it up together. We don't need to mortgage our assets. We just need to admit that we're creditors. Anyway, if the 3.5 billion is really broken, I'll be there to back it up."

Wei Lan did not speak for a long time. Her mind was repeatedly trying to figure out every step that Li Mu had mentioned. At first glance, this method seemed very simple. All she had to do was issue a fund and three billion yuan would run into her pocket. But the more she analyzed it in detail, the more shocked she was.

The fund industry had just begun to rise in China. Many people didn't understand this industry, including herself. Li Mu could think of using a fund to solve the problem. This in itself was already very amazing. The most amazing thing was that although Li Mu said it in an understatement, the steps involved were not simple at all.

First of all, to issue a fund, there had to be three major institutions, the fund, the insurance company, and the bank, working together to ensure that it could take shape and be reasonable and legal.

Secondly, the word "back up" was easy to say, but the courage and confidence contained in these two words were very huge. In other words, the three billion plus the benefits promised to the fund issuer, the bank, and the subscribers would at least be more than 3.5 billion. Li Mu's words were equivalent to weaving a solid protective net for the 3.5 billion. The degree of strength of the protective net was to ensure that the 3.5 billion would not be broken when it fell. This was definitely not something an ordinary person could achieve.

What made Wei Lan feel fortunate was that because the three steel and concrete buildings of Juncheng Real Estate were right there, and the current situation and growth of the surrounding housing prices were right in front of her, she could be sure that Li Mu would definitely not lose money when he took over Juncheng Real Estate. Moreover, there would be a very considerable profit. This made her completely relieved.

Although Wei Lan hadn't been in business for a long time, she paid great attention to credibility and respected agreements. She knew that the benefits Li Mu obtained this time might far exceed the 800 million he promised her, but she accepted the contract of 800 million. Even if Li Mu tossed the market value of Juncheng Real Estate to 8 billion, she wouldn't have any other thoughts. Instead, she remembered that if Li Mu wasn't there, she wouldn't be able to recover the 800 million assets no matter what she did. At most, she would sell it to Lanke Group at a valuation of 300 million and accept the last bit of money in humiliation. However, she also knew very well that if she bowed to Lanke Group in the end, she and her father would probably be filled with regret for the rest of their lives.

Now, Li Mu finally did what he said. He first gave her an 800 million contract, and then used a magical method like Sun Wukong's 72 Transformations to raise a huge sum of 3 billion out of thin air. This money was enough to let Juncheng Real Estate, which was originally in deep trouble, stand safely and watch the storm with a smile. This money was enough to let Lanke Group negotiate, make Wang Runqing's plan fail, and make them lose face.

For Wei Lan, Li Mu saved her family and helped her slap the face of her enemy, so at this moment, she was ecstatic. She almost subconsciously wanted to call her father in the United States to tell him the good news. Because of Li Mu's efforts, his hard work wouldn't fall into the hands of bad people in the end!

However, when she remembered that it was early in the morning in the United States, Wei Lan suppressed the joy in her heart. Her beautiful eyes looked at Li Mu with great gratitude and asked him, "What are you going to do next?"

Li Mu smiled and blurted out, "Book a plane ticket to Shanghai, immediately!"

The three of them were stunned.

"Go to Shanghai now?" Wei Lan looked at the time, "It's already past one."

Li Mu snorted, "The plane is past two o 'clock, so we'll arrive around four o' clock. The bank won't close until 5: 30 or 6: 00, right?

Besides, we're their big client, so it shouldn't be a big problem to wait a little longer. Wei Lan, call Juncheng's creditor bank now and tell them that you're going to the bank this afternoon to discuss the debt. Tell them to wait no matter how late it is. "

Song Liang said, "That's too rushed. Why don't we talk about it tomorrow?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said very seriously, "I can't wait until tomorrow to show off. I'll settle this matter today!

Wei Lan, call them and make an appointment, but don't tell them that we're going to return the money. Just say that Juncheng's new owner, Wanying, wants to meet them to discuss the debt. "

As he spoke, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, you're the legal representative and also the CEO. You have to go with us. Also, inform our lawyer and the CFO. Old Chen, it's not convenient for you to show up, so wait for our good news in Beijing."

Chen Ze also knew that it was not suitable for him to participate in this kind of thing publicly, so he tacitly agreed to Li Mu's arrangement. However, he still smiled and teased him, "Brother Liang can go as the legal representative and CEO. What are you going to do?"

Li Mu rubbed his palms together and said rather shamelessly, "I'm the screenwriter and director of this big show, so I have to show off no matter what."