Chapter 77

"How are you guys?"

This time, Zhang Kexuan didn't introduce himself as he did in the preliminary round. This time, he greeted the audience directly. It could be seen that he had made great progress in terms of mentality.

The greeting made the girls scream again, especially the female students of Jin Ling University. They were so enthusiastic.

Zhang Kexuan said, "This time, the song we will bring you is another original song of ours, 'Sunflower'."

The audience was excited again …

Chen Wan stood on her tiptoes and whispered in Li Mu's ear, "My brother is really shameless. It is obviously your original song!"

Li Mu laughed, "If he wants to be famous and popular, he has to be shameless. If he can't even do this, he is destined to not be famous outside of Jin Ling."

Chen Wan nodded thoughtfully. Her eyes were fixed on Zhang Kexuan on the stage, full of expectation.

At this time, Zhang Kexuan turned around and signaled to the other members of the band. The drummer, Ye Tianming, hit the drumsticks four times to signal. Then, the prelude of 'Sunflower' sounded.

When the original author of 'Sunflower', Xie Tianxiao, became famous, he was already a rock and roll veteran who had been in the underground band circle for more than ten years. In the handling of the song, he paid more attention to the catharsis of power and the expression of emotions, rather than how to sing a better song.

However, under the guidance of Li Mu, Zhang Kexuan gradually found his own position. His singing voice and style were completely on the line of popular rock and roll. Although it didn't feel like rock and roll, it was more popular with the audience and could please the ears of most of the audience.

Therefore, when Zhang Kexuan sang 'Sunflower', the audience screamed and cheered. They also enjoyed his voice and the positive energy conveyed by the song 'Sunflower'.

A seed in the mud broke free from the shackles of darkness and bloomed into the sun.

Although the lyrics only had a very simple theme, it was more acceptable to the audience than those cynical rock and roll works. Compared to those obscure and complicated lyrics, it was easier to move the audience.

Not only was the audience intoxicated, but even the judges in the audience were very surprised. It was rare to see such a rock and roll work. It was good, inspiring and moving.

Among the eight bands participating in the semi-finals tonight, "Sunflower", which was simply planned, was the only positive song, and from the lyrics to the singing to the arrangement, it completely surpassed its competitors. It was on a completely different level.

Li Mu listened quietly and gave full marks to the performance of Zhang Kexuan and the other three in his heart.

This time, their live performance was impeccable. The effect was much better than every rehearsal, because they had driven the atmosphere of thousands of people in the audience, making everyone sway to their rhythm and be captivated by their music.

"Sunflower, will you continue to bloom …"

Zhang Kexuan had been suppressing his voice and trying to follow Li Mu's instructions: Keep close to the pop singing style, don't be black, don't deliberately break the voice and tear the voice. However, the performance made him so excited. In the last sentence, he suddenly broke out the energy that had been accumulated for a long time. A roar instantly pushed the atmosphere of the scene to the peak. Li Mu even felt that his ears were almost deafened by the screams of the fans around him!

A light flashed in Li Mu's eyes. Zhang Kexuan's last roar was the finishing touch. It was like the seed of the sunflower that burst out when it broke out of all the encirclement. It felt really great.

Li Mu couldn't help but applaud. He knew that Zhang Kexuan was sincere, and he also knew that Zhang Kexuan did have the potential to be popular.

In the arrangement of this song, the ending was basically the same as the prelude. This arrangement was intended to form a loop in the overall form, meaning "the beginning is also the end."

After the last note of Simple Plan was played, the applause of the audience lasted for a long time. All the audience had already stood up when they sang halfway. At this moment, everyone had the only champion of this competition in their hearts, and the only champion was Simple Plan.

The host went on stage and took a minute to make the audience gradually quiet down. This young woman in her twenties couldn't help but be excited by the performance of Simple Plan. Even her voice was trembling. After saying "great" several times, before asking the judges to score, she said to Zhang Kexuan with admiration, "I'm your fan like many of the audience today."

Zhang Kexuan had a smile on his face, looking indifferent. However, Li Mu had a certain understanding of him. He knew that this guy was probably going to explode with excitement at this moment.

The judges all gave very high comments, especially the deputy music director from Yanjing, who was the most generous. He said excitedly, "Kexuan, do you know, on the plane to Jinling this time, I was thinking about one thing, and that is to simply plan what kind of original work we can bring out in this semi-final. I'm afraid that the song 'Li Bai' last time is your best work, and I'm afraid that in my eyes, it's just a flash in the pan …"

Speaking of this, the deputy director paused, raised his voice a little, and said clearly, "But today, your song 'Sunflower' proved that my worries were completely unnecessary. Your song today, in terms of style and arrangement, is a little more rock and roll than 'Li Bai', but the lyrics are much more positive than 'Li Bai'. To be honest, I haven't heard such a positive rock and roll song for a long time. It's really eye-opening!"

The four members of Simple Plan bowed to thank the judges. After all the comments were done, they nervously waited for the score to be released.

At this time, the host said, "So far, among the seven bands in front of us, the band with the highest score is Sky City. They scored 22 points, and in the preliminary round, Simple Plan got an amazing high score of 27 points. So, what kind of score will the judges give 'Sunflower' by Simple Plan today?

Let's wait and see! "

The five judges began to write down their scores on the scoreboard. After a while, when the host asked the judges to show their scores, the audience all exclaimed in unison.

One 10 points, two 9.5 points, and two 9 points.

For the judges, they were very clear about the position of this competition. Basically, it was a competition for the least famous bands in the country, and their level of strength was much lower than that of professional bands. However, in their eyes, Simple Plan had already surpassed this level, so the score was not exaggerated for them.

Thus, taking away a 10 and a 9, the final score of the semi-finals was: 28 points!

They deserved to be the semi-final champion!

The host also excitedly announced on the spot, "The first place of the Nansu division of the Ice Vanguard National Band Competition is finally out. It's Simple Plan!

Congratulations to them!

On August 8th, they will compete with the champions of the other 18 provinces and autonomous regions in Yanjing for the first round of finals!

Let's congratulate them and wish them a better result in the finals! "

The deafening applause sounded again, and Chen Wan was also jumping happily. Even the parents of the band members were so excited that they raised their hands above their heads and applauded. These rich people were in their 40s and 50s, and for the first time in more than 20 years, they felt sincerely proud of their sons.

On the stage, Zhang Kexuan's heart was filled with excitement, and his eyes couldn't help but moisten. Seeing that the other three's eyes were also red, he turned sideways and hugged them. The four of them formed a circle, and no one could see their faces. They could only see each other's excited faces and silent tears.

At this time, the host invited the other participating bands to go on stage together, and the other seven bands also came forward one by one to congratulate the four of Simple Plan. At this time, Li Mu received a text message from Zhang Kexuan, "Mu Ge, the host said that he will be interviewed backstage by the TV station. It may be a little late tonight, so don't leave. Let's find a place to celebrate tonight!"

Li Mu looked at the time. It was already 10 o 'clock, and there were still so many fans outside after the interview. Although they wouldn't be surrounded like the superstars in the future, it would at least delay them for a while, so it would probably be after 11 o' clock before they could get out.

Today, the parents of Simple Plan's four members were all here, including Chen Wan's parents. The four of them wanted to celebrate, so the elders naturally had to attend. As an outsider, it would be awkward to be there, and he didn't like this kind of occasion.

Besides, Chen Wan's train would be at 12 o 'clock, and he would have to go back to Haizhou after sending her to the station.

So Li Mu replied to Zhang Kexuan, "First of all, congratulations on winning the championship. In addition, you guys should celebrate today. Aren't your parents there? I won't join in, and I have to go back to Haizhou later."

After replying to the message, Li Mu looked at Chen Wan and asked, "Sister Wan, you're going to celebrate with them later, right?

Then I'll find a place to sit for a while. Let me know when you're ready to go to the station, and I'll go find you. "

"I don't want to go either." Compared with going to the celebration, Chen Wan preferred to spend some quiet time with Li Mu.

Li Mu said, "It's not appropriate for you not to go, right?

Besides, your parents are also there, and I guess they'll go too. They probably have to send you to the station tonight. If you don't go, how can you explain it to them? "

"That's true."

Chen Wan pouted and said unhappily, "Xia Ji's father owns a star-rated hotel in Jinling. He already said that if we win the championship, we'll celebrate at the hotel tonight. Their parents and my parents will be there, so it's not appropriate for me not to go …"

As soon as he finished speaking, Chen Wan suddenly said with a hint of joy, "How about this? I'll tell them that I'm going to meet a friend before I leave, and then we'll find a place to sit for a while. At around 11 o 'clock, I'll go to the hotel and show my face."