Chapter 944

Taobao's miracle continued.

At 0: 12 am on September 29th, twelve minutes after the event was launched, the platform's transaction volume broke 100 million!

The entire Taobao website was even more excited than the people on the streets on the night of the successful Olympic bid!

Before the event was launched, the first time that everyone was looking forward to was the moment when the platform's transaction volume broke 100 million!

Some people felt that the platform could break 100 million in the first hour of the event

Some people were more radical and felt that the platform's transaction volume could break 100 million in 40 minutes

Some people were more pessimistic and felt that it would take at least an hour and a half for the platform's transaction volume to break 100 million.

However, no one dared to imagine that Taobao's transaction volume would break 100 million in the twelfth minute of the event's launch!

Moreover, the data did not show any signs of weakness and was still rising!

Powerful!

It was insanely powerful!

Li Mu was overjoyed. He never dreamed that people in 2002 would pay so much attention to online shopping and show their strong purchasing power through online shopping.

Although the people's wallets were the sea of stars of the Internet companies, Li Mu was still a person with lofty aspirations and dreams. Earning money was secondary. What he wanted the most was to use his own abilities and his own advantages to let the people of the country experience the huge changes that the Internet had brought to people's lives.

Although the people's wallets were the stars in the sea of Internet enterprises, Li Mu was still a man with lofty aspirations and dreams. Making money was not his priority. What he wanted most was to use his own ability and his own advantages to let his countrymen experience the great changes that the Internet had brought to people's lives.

Breaking 100 million in 12 minutes represented the people's acceptance of the Internet and also represented the practical changes that the Internet had brought to them. Although most of the products were necessities, the purchasing power of the people reflected in the necessities still made Li Mu so excited that he was about to cry.

From the time Taobao was launched until now, from the brand day to the 929 promotion, Li Mu could say with a clear conscience, "From the start of Taobao website until now, I have not earned a single cent of money that I feel guilty about, nor have I left any sins for myself!"

He was completely different from those people who first relied on conniving at selling fake products to rise and then established an unshakable and powerful foundation before fighting!

He was completely different from those people who first developed rogue software and then developed security software to deal with rogue software!

It was completely different from those platforms that promoted pirated versions, fake medical information, and fake products for the sake of earning money, traffic, market value, and market share!

After succeeding, he could pat his chest and say in front of the whole world that he had a clear conscience. This was the highest requirement an Internet person could have for himself!

Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo also had tears in their eyes. They knew very well that breaking the 100 million mark in 12 minutes was no longer a matter of money. This was an ideal, a future, an infinitely bright future, and an infinitely glorious mission. At this moment, the two of them were incomparably glad that they had joined a great platform and a great team like Taobao. They firmly believed that they could benefit all the consumers of Hua Xia on this platform. This was a supreme honor.

The editor from YY was working overtime on Taobao. As soon as it broke the 100 million mark at 0: 12, he immediately filled in a few key figures in the newsletter that he had already written and sent it out. On this seemingly peaceful night, the news that the 929 promotion on Taobao had broken 100 million in 12 minutes shocked countless people in front of their computers.

Just as he was getting excited, the phone in Li Mu's pocket rang. It was Wei Lan.

Li Mu's heart warmed. He instinctively felt that Wei Lan must have seen the newsletter that YY had launched, so she called to congratulate him immediately.

When he picked up the phone, Li Mu was full of smiles and said with a hint of excitement, "Hello, Wei Lan!"

As soon as he said that, Xie Chenglong on the other end of the phone said in a gloomy tone, "Is this Li Mu?"

Li Mu was stunned.

Wei Lan was calling. Why was the other party a stranger?

Li Mu asked him almost subconsciously, "Who are you?"

Xie Chenglong snorted, "It doesn't matter who I am. Wei Lan is now in my hands. If you want her to live, it will depend on your sincerity!"

Li Mu's heart skipped a beat!

The excitement and excitement from before completely froze in an instant, and his emotions reached a freezing point.

With one sentence, he realized the seriousness of the problem.

Wei Lan had been kidnapped?!

At the foot of the Imperial City, Wei Lan had actually been kidnapped?!

At that moment, Li Mu thought of a movie he had watched before, "Saving Mr. Me". Wasn't that a real incident that happened in Beijing?

The person who had been kidnapped was a famous actress, and the location of the kidnapping was actually the most prosperous area in Beijing, Sanlitun!

Li Mu's heart was in his throat. At that moment, he almost blurted out, "How much money do you want? Just make sure she's okay!"

However, just as Li Mu was about to speak, he felt a little nervous at that moment. Since his rebirth, he had conquered many places and done many awesome things, but this was the first time that someone close to him had been kidnapped and her life threatened. At that moment, it was very difficult for him to control his emotions.

Thus, Li Mu hurriedly swallowed the words that he wanted to blurt out and said in a calm tone, "If you picked up someone else's phone, return it. Don't play any pranks here!"

After saying that, Li Mu immediately hung up the phone, pushed his chair away, and ran back to his office in a hurry.

The reason why he pretended to think that the other party was playing a "prank" was actually because Li Mu needed this opportunity to buy himself a short window of time to quickly adjust his state of mind and respond.

Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong, who were beside him, also noticed that Li Mu's state of mind was abnormal. The two of them looked at each other and hurriedly followed.

As soon as Li Mu entered his office, he didn't even bother to close the door. He took out another phone that he hadn't used for a long time from his bag and immediately wrote a message, "Wei Lan is in trouble. Come to Taobao immediately to see me. Don't call the police, and don't call me!"

Then, he sent this message to Song Liang and Chen Ze.

They were all shareholders of Wanying Real Estate, and Wei Lan was an employee of Wanying Real Estate. She was everyone's business partner. When such a serious matter happened, the first thing that Li Mu thought of was to discuss it with them.

As for calling the police, Li Mu didn't dare to take this risk. Once he called the police, or once the police found out that this matter was related to him, he was afraid that they would put in all the police forces to investigate. What Li Mu was afraid of was making too much of a commotion and provoking the kidnappers, or making them nervous.

The reason why he didn't dare to use his usual phone was because he was afraid that the kidnappers would call him again.

…

Xie Chenglong was also a little confused at this moment.

What's going on? I just said some harsh words, and then I was warned by Li Mu, and then he hung up the phone?

Isn't this guy too careless?

Do you really not take it seriously?

Or do you really think that I just picked up the phone and played a prank on you?

Wei Lan was also a little nervous. She didn't know what was going on. Why did Xie Chenglong hang up the phone as soon as he said that she was kidnapped by him?

Judging from his bewildered look, Li Mu must have hung up the phone. "Does it mean nothing to Li Mu that I was kidnapped?" Li Mu thought.

Subconsciously, Wei Lan blurted out a question, "What did he say?"

Xie Chenglong spat and scolded, "Damn it, this bastard said that I picked up the phone and played a prank on him!"

After saying that, Xie Chenglong glanced at Wei Lan and said coldly, "I'll call him again. This time, you tell him that it's you. What I just said is true. If you dare to say another word, don't forget my warning."

Wei Lan nodded hurriedly, "I know. Don't worry, I'll say as you asked. I won't say a word more!"

Xie Chenglong nodded with satisfaction and pressed the replay button.

At this moment, Li Mu had just finished sending the text message. Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo chased after him and asked, "What's wrong?

What happened? Why are you so flustered? "

Li Mu wiped the cold sweat on his forehead. At this time, he was better. He had adjusted a little and was much calmer than when he first received the phone call. Just as he was about to give them a general idea, his phone rang again.

Li Mu hurriedly made a shushing gesture to the two and said, "Don't talk first." Then he picked up the phone.

"Hey, are you done?"

Li Mu said impatiently. Wei Lan's voice came from the other end of the phone, "Li Mu, it's me, Wei Lan … What that person said just now is true …"

After Wei Lan said this, the phone was taken by Xie Chenglong to his ear and said coldly, "You heard it all?"

At this moment, Li Mu was mentally prepared and calmed down a lot. Then he said in a calm tone, "Yes, I heard it. What do you want?"

Xie Chenglong immediately said, "I'll give you 24 hours. Prepare 30 million yuan in cash and 10 million US dollars. I'll call you at this time tomorrow night and tell you how to pay. If you dare to call the police, wait to collect her body. Oh, by the way, I forgot to tell you that my brothers are very interested in such a beautiful woman!"

Xie Chenglong deliberately emphasized the word "interested", which was full of threat.

At this time, Li Mu was nervous and angry, but he asked him in a very dignified voice, "You're threatening me?"

Xie Chenglong gritted his teeth and said fiercely, "I'm not threatening you. I'm warning you!"

Li Mu said coldly, "Wei Lan is just my employee. You want me to give you 30 million yuan and 10 million US dollars for an employee?

If all these were converted into RMB, it would be more than 100 million!

There are more than a thousand employees in my two companies. If someone kidnaps one of my employees and dares to ask me for more than 100 million yuan, I can't keep my company open.

I'll give it all to you, okay? "

When Li Mu said this, he was very nervous, but he had no choice. He realized that he had to take the initiative in front of the kidnappers.

Only with the initiative could he negotiate with the kidnappers. Only then could he stretch the kidnappers' patience and force them to change their plan to a certain extent because of his initiative.

Otherwise, if he appeared very nervous at the beginning and showed an attitude that as long as the kidnappers didn't make things difficult for her, the kidnappers would definitely think that they had him. Then, they would start to take advantage of him and take the initiative.

Once the kidnappers took the initiative, he would be too passive in the future. Once he was passive, Wei Lan would be in more danger!

…