Chapter 1594

On the plane to Hangzhou, Li Mu was still holding a laptop and writing the product requirements for the takeout platform.

This time, he brought Li Ziwei and Wang Yuanlang to accompany him to Hangzhou. The four of them had long been used to Li Mu's working state. Seeing him holding a laptop and writing continuously, no one made any sound, for fear of disturbing his thinking.

After Li Mu sorted out the requirements and architecture of the full set of products, the plane had begun to descend and would land at Hangzhou Airport in 20 minutes.

Only then did he have the time to look at the business jet. Every time he went out, the business jet he took was different. This time, it was obviously smaller than the previous ones, and the internal facilities were not as exquisite, looking a little old.

In fact, business jet companies were no different from car rental companies. There were many models in their hands, and the conditions of the cars were also different. Moreover, because the price of the plane was too high, the total number of planes in the business jet company's fleet was pitifully small. The better and newer planes were rented out, and the rest were only this kind of small business jet.

Li Mu suddenly began to look forward to the Gulfstream G550 that Chen Ze had mentioned to him. That plane should be one of the best small and medium-sized business jets now. If he wanted a more expensive one, then he would buy a Boeing 737 business jet or an Airbus A320 business jet.

That kind of business jet was actually not an ordinary business jet. They used a trunk passenger plane, and then carried out internal modifications to transform a large passenger plane into a private plane.

However, that kind of plane was a little too extravagant for Li Mu. What he wanted was nothing more than a safer, newer, and more comfortable business jet to meet the needs of flying all over the world in the future.

As for how big the internal space was, it didn't matter to Li Mu.

Last time when Li Mu went to the Goldberg family to participate in the salon, he heard that the rich royal family in the Middle East used a Boeing 747 to transform it into a private plane. One plane cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and the renovation cost hundreds of millions of dollars. They wanted to turn it into a sky palace. However, Li Mu felt that small and medium-sized business jets were the real time-saving tools for international business. They were far more practical than luxurious large planes.

The Gulfstream G550 was a plane that Li Mu liked in all aspects. If it was really like what Chen Ze said, he could directly take over the planes that were about to be delivered from other customers, it would save him a lot of time.

After the plane landed in Hangzhou, Zhao Xianliang personally led the motorcade to the airport to greet him. Zhao Ziqiu even followed him.

As soon as they met, Zhao Ziqiu, who was dressed in casual clothes and looked particularly youthful, excitedly threw herself into Li Mu's arms. Zhao Xianliang who was behind looked a little embarrassed.

When a girl grew up, she couldn't be kept at home. It might be a situation like this, right?

It was not easy to spoil a daughter like a princess until she was in her early twenties. In the end, she couldn't wait to throw herself into the arms of another man. This feeling was really a little uncomfortable for Zhao Xianliang.

Zhao Ziqiu rarely wore makeup, but today, in order to pick up Li Mu, she deliberately dressed herself carefully. The traces of eyebrow pencil could be seen on her willow-leaf curved eyebrows. Her big watery eyes were also painted with thin eyeliner. Her lips were painted with light wine red lipstick. Her skin did not use concealer or foundation. That was because she was born with the temperament of a southern girl in Jiangsu and Zhejiang. Her skin was so tender that water could be pinched out. There was no fault to pick out.

However, Zhao Ziqiu's dressing style was relatively simple. She was not used to dressing gorgeously or fashionably sexy. What she liked the most was simple sportswear. Paired with a ponytail, she was full of youthful vitality and pure cuteness.

Li Mu missed Zhao Ziqiu very much, so when she threw herself into his arms, he almost did not hesitate to give her a deep kiss. Then he found that Zhao Xianliang was not far behind Zhao Ziqiu.

So Li Mu patted Zhao Ziqiu's waist and said in a low voice, "I'll say hello to Uncle first."

Only then did Zhao Ziqiu let go of Li Mu's arms.

Li Mu walked in front of Zhao Xianliang and bowed slightly politely. He said, "Hello, Uncle Zhao."

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Hello, Li Mu. It must have been hard on you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's not hard at all."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Let's talk while we walk. The car is waiting outside."

Li Mu nodded and walked out of the airport hand in hand with Zhao Ziqiu. They directly got into a Toyota Coaster that Zhao Xianliang had arranged.

The car was relatively spacious, so all five of Li Mu's group got into the car. Zhao Xianliang and Zhao Ziqiu naturally sat in the car.

Zhao Ziqiu insisted on sitting with Li Mu, so Li Mu let her sit by the window in one of the rows. He sat by the aisle, and Zhao Xianliang sat by the aisle.

After the car started, Zhao Xianliang said to Li Mu, "Your Auntie Xie went to pick up your parents. They should be home before us."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'm sorry to trouble you and Auntie Xie. You even had to split up to pick up my family."

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "It's what I should do."

Zhao Xianliang then asked Li Mu, "Have you been very busy recently?

The TV stations must be fighting to interview you, right? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "There are a lot of interview invitations, but I asked Ziwei to turn them down. I've been too tired recently and don't want to face the media for interviews. Moreover, I've been a little too high-profile recently. It's better to keep a low profile. Otherwise, I'm always worried that the peak of prosperity will fall."

Zhao Xianliang nodded in agreement and said, "The matter of the Queen of England honoring you has indeed been reported several times in the country in an extremely high-profile manner. It's good to keep a low profile."

At this point, Zhao Xianliang asked the question he had been waiting for. "Little Mu, what is your plan for the football market?

I see that you've been doing a lot of things in football recently. You look very determined. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "The main idea is to be able to capture the youth football of Hua Xia and make it a hot topic that the whole society pays attention to and pursues. Then, with the resources of the Manchester City Football Club, we can help cultivate a group of excellent football youths in the country. I hope that they can improve the level of our country's football competition in the future."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly and asked, "What do you think of the football industry?

Do you plan to invest money in the football industry as a capital investment? "

Li Mu asked curiously, "Capital investment?

What do you mean, Uncle Zhao? "

Zhao Xianliang said, "It's to throw some money into the football industry while the football market is hot because of you, get a batch of resources at a low price, and then sit back and wait for the value to rise."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I'm not going to make this kind of investment. In fact, I'm not going to make money from football. I mainly want to fulfill a wish to help our country cultivate a group of high-level football talents."

With that, Li Mu added, "In terms of investment, you can do it if you're interested. I can't guarantee anything else, but in the next eight to twelve years, my investment in football will definitely not decrease. I'll take a gamble and see if our national team can make it to the finals again in the next few World Cups. In this case, the resources and capital investment on my side to the football market will not stop. The football industry should be an industry that will be popular for at least ten years in the future."

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "That's great. I saw that you bought the Manchester City Football Club and guessed that you might want to work on the football market. I feel that the football market will definitely be driven forward by you. So, I want to free up some of the funds on hand and invest it in the football market."

Li Mu agreed and said, "I personally support your decision. The domestic football market, and even the entire sports market, will soon begin to rise. This is an industry that is going up, and it's rare that it will maintain an upward trend in the long run. So, you can pay attention to both the long and short term."

Zhao Xianliang asked curiously, "Why are you so sure that the sports market will rise in the long run?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "There are many reasons. One is the Olympics. The Olympics in the past century have not really unleashed its power yet. During the 2008 Olympics in Yan Beijing, Yan Beijing will definitely be the focus of the world's attention, and it will also set off a tsunami-like sports craze in the country. Then, there is the inevitability of economic development. When the per capita GDP develops to a certain height, the entertainment and sports industries will usher in a blowout growth. This has been proven countless times in developed countries. According to our current GDP growth rate, once the 2008 Olympics fever passes, our per capita GDP will usher in the explosion of the entertainment and sports market again, and we can almost seamlessly take over the baton of the Olympics."

With that, Li Mu added, "In addition to these two points, I believe that our country will also pay more and more attention to the development of national sports. After all, it is related to the physique, health, and vitality of a nation. At that time, the country should also vigorously support the sports industry and continue to push the sports industry to a higher level."

Zhao Xianliang thought for a moment and nodded gently.

He started in the energy and steel industries and had a very deep understanding and sensitivity to these two industries. However, his sensitivity in this industry needed to keep up with the policy and international trends.

To some extent, he knew more about industries related to politics, but he did not know much about industries that relied purely on the market.

He could only see that Li Mu's acquisition of the Manchester City Football Club would stimulate the domestic football market in a short period of time. However, he did not dare to make wild guesses and conclusions about the development of the entire sports market in the next ten or twenty years. However, after listening to Li Mu, he felt that the results of Li Mu's analysis should be at least 80% certain.