Chapter 529

Ever since the development of e-commerce to this day, no platform had ever given the industry a strong dose of medicine.

Today, Taobao had given the entire industry a dose of medicine that was beyond what the industry could bear. All the executives of the e-commerce platforms were clutching their hearts tightly on this originally peaceful night.

Before tonight, no one had thought that e-commerce could be played in such a way.

Moreover, the shining point of Taobao tonight was not just Mango-ME. Other than Mango-ME, there were also a large number of private shops and a large number of products that were launched at the same time. After Mango-ME shone brightly for a short period of time, the light on them began to shine.

The advantages of Taobao's model and ecology began to show.

Whether it was Yi Qu or Zhuoyue, they did not have their own online payment channels. All the transaction funds had to be completed offline. It was either through the same city's Taobao, or the buyer had to make a bank transfer first. There were often cases of fraud, where the money was spent but the goods were not delivered. In the end, there was no way to file a complaint.

However, when users started to browse for any product other than Mango-ME, they would receive a pop-up advertisement. The content of this advertisement was later called the best product of Hua Xia's e-commerce.

The content of this advertisement was: "Alipay, pay with peace of mind!"

Behind the six big words was a very straightforward but very quickly ingrained advertising slogan: "From today onwards, Alipay promises to all users in the country: Use Alipay Online Taobao. If you dare to pay, I dare to pay!"

And then the next line: "When shopping online, first pay to Alipay. After receiving the goods and confirming that there are no mistakes, then pay to the seller. Safe and assured!"

It was different from selling Mango-ME. Mango-ME had Yi Ting and YY platforms, so no one was worried about its integrity. However, for other third-party sellers, it was completely different. Users did not have enough trust in them. Online shopping was an uncontrollable activity. If there was no trust, it would be difficult to get the opportunity to develop quickly.

Now it was different. Alipay had changed from an online payment channel to a guaranteed medium for online transactions. Users could pay for anything they liked, but the seller could not get the payment immediately. He had to first deliver the goods to the user. After the user received the goods and confirmed that there were no mistakes, the user would then confirm with Alipay. Finally, Alipay would pay to the seller.

In this way, the seller would be directly restricted. As long as you dared to play tricks, you wouldn't get any money!

First of all, Alipay completely eliminated the possibility of e-commerce fraud from the source. Second, it greatly restricted the possibility of sellers passing off shoddy goods as quality goods. As long as the buyer had the basic ability to identify, they could issue a refund to the seller at any time, so that the seller could not get the money at all.

This kind of product was extremely in line with the current national conditions of Hua Xia, and to a great extent, it also catered to the psychology of users. From this moment onwards, online shopping had changed from a risky new thing to a consumer behavior with sufficient security.

With the guarantee of Alipay, many users began to boldly stroll around the stores of various sellers on Taobao. When they encountered something they were interested in, they would really try to communicate and consult, and then buy.

YY provided Taobao with 100% instant messaging support. Users could directly initiate an impromptu conversation with the seller on their own YY, ask any questions they had, and even add the seller as a friend. In order to fully cater to the needs of users, YY had specially created two new friend modes in the latest version of YY. One was called "Game Friend", and the other was called "Taobao Friend".

If a user met a friend in the YY game lobby and wanted to add the other party as a partner for card games or other small games, they could choose to add the other party as a friend in the game lobby. However, if the user had certain concerns and only wanted to add the other party as a game friend, and did not want the other party to know or have access to their other information, such as Qzone, Tieba, photo albums, etc., they could choose to add the other party as a "Game Friend". This way, the other party could not see any of the user's relatively private information, and could only add the user to the "Game Friend" list, chat, and video call.

The same was true for Taobao Friend. Both parties could add each other as a friend, but the buyer could add the other party as a "Taobao Friend" if they did not want the other party to see their private information.

After the user understood the product through YY, they could immediately purchase it. As long as the payment was sent to Alipay, the seller had to send the goods through express delivery within 48 hours. Otherwise, for every delayed delivery, there would be a corresponding deduction from the delivery speed index. If the index was deducted, it would also affect the weight of the store and the product ranking.

YY and Alipay were fully embedded in Taobao, allowing the Internet users to truly understand what was called the product ecosystem, and the strong impact of the combination of product ecosystems.

Mango-ME was sold out, and other products were constantly sold by users. On the first night of Taobao's online launch, it had already created a sales volume that no domestic e-commerce platform could catch up with in a month.

EBay originally thought that Taobao was just a new primary e-commerce platform. After Taobao's online launch, they realized that Taobao was not a baby waiting to be fed, but a natural soldier. Not only was he strong, but he also had weapons and protective gear from Makino Technology and Alipay. As soon as he appeared, he was a fully armed super soldier, and in front of him, he was just an unarmed civilian.

Countless real economy people seemed to have opened the door to a new world that night. They really discovered that e-commerce was a powerful sales channel that could subvert traditional commodity sales. An MP3 brand could sell 100,000 MP3 players in 15 minutes, and that was because they were short of production capacity and only had 100,000 units in stock. If they had 300,000 units, would they be able to sell them all in half an hour?

If they had one million units, would they be able to sell them all in one day?

MP3 companies could achieve such amazing sales results on Taobao. What about mobile phone companies?

Could they also create such a miracle on Taobao?

Would one day, a mobile phone manufacturer could sell hundreds of thousands of mobile phones on Taobao?

The price of a mobile phone was much higher than an MP3 player. Even if it was only 1,000 yuan, hundreds of thousands of units would be hundreds of millions of sales!

If mobile phone companies could do it, could clothing companies, daily necessities companies, and computer hardware companies do the same?

For a while, because of the optimistic future of Taobao, the number of seller applications on Taobao suddenly increased!

Among them, there were many people who tried to register flagship stores of certain brands. However, these people, who were speculating and trying to lock on to brand keywords in advance, sadly found out that Taobao had a strict manual review of seller applications. Any store name had to go through manual review before it could be confirmed. Also, Taobao had a clear reminder that if any brand was involved in the name, the seller must provide the authorization of the brand or provide the business certificate of the brand.

Other than the e-commerce and real economy people who were amazed by Taobao, Baidu, Sina, NetEase, Yahoo, and other veteran Internet companies were also shocked by the birth of Taobao. Among them, Boss Ma, who was in Hangzhou, was the most shocked.

He was shocked to find out that the thing he was most worried about had become a reality.

Someone wanted to be a step ahead of him in the C2C and retail e-commerce industry. Not only did the other party do all the things that he had thought of and did not expect, but they did it very well.

Taobao's launch tonight was a standard C2C platform. However, it was not like eBay or eBay, allowing nature to take its course and develop slowly. It had introduced Mango to make a huge push right from the start. Hence, it had created a huge sensation once it was launched. It even had the potential to develop B2C.

Combined with the fragmented information that he had obtained previously, Boss Ma could conclude that the popular Mango-ME was actually Taobao's stepping stone in the e-commerce industry. This product was not going to compete with MP3 manufacturers. It was going to protect Taobao. Its real intention was very vicious. To protect Taobao, it almost overturned the entire MP3 market!

To put it more cruelly, Mango-ME was a cold-blooded guard. In order to make Taobao grow faster and further, it held an invincible sword and harvested the heads of MP3 companies. It used their blood as a sacrifice for Taobao!

No wonder it was able to sell Mango-ME in large quantities at such a low price. With Taobao as the e-commerce sales channel, all its channel costs were the EMS delivery fee of more than 20 yuan. Moreover, the money was paid by the users themselves. As for the marketing costs, it was completely covered by Easy Listening and YY. The cost was negligible.

In this case, the cost of a Mango-ME, in addition to the manufacturing cost, only needed to add taxes, logistics, and storage costs. Due to the large quantity, the latter two costs could be shared equally on a single MP3 player. The cost was ridiculously low.

Using such a vicious method to support its own platform, Taobao was really ambitious!

At that moment, Boss Ma was so angry that his veins were bulging. His partners had long been used to holding meetings in his apartment. At that moment, everyone was gathered in his apartment and watching him criticize Taobao. However, none of them knew that the middle-aged man in front of them would almost destroy half of Hua Xia's physical retail economy in the future. Of course, there were good and bad effects, so the specific merits and demerits could not be evaluated.

Boss Ma said, "Taobao's actions are simply bandits!

They're vampires!

They're the public enemy of the entire physical economy!

If we continue to let them do as they please, they will continue to strengthen themselves by destroying one industry after another! "

Boss Ma also said, "The small businesses on Ali will also be affected by it in the future. If it develops to a certain scale, it will be enough to transform the small businesses on our platform into small retail sellers on its platform!

In the end, it will greatly weaken the influence of our platform! "

Boss Ma had always had his own ideas about this. In his previous life, he wanted to transform the small businesses on Ali into small retail sellers on Taobao. He wanted to help the Bs on B2B to transform the Cs on C2C. However, all his ideas had been done by Taobao. That made him feel extremely desperate at that moment.