Chapter 1375

During the critical period of SARS, Central TV presented this perfect performance to all Hua Xia viewers. The positive significance and energy it contained was beyond everyone's imagination.

Every Hua Xia child was encouraged and motivated by this performance. Even though the foreign media did their best to publicize the severity of the epidemic in the country and deliberately tarnish the country's reputation, the people also saw the country's efforts to prevent and control SARS through this gala. The SARS prevention and control centers in the video and the medical staff working hard in the prevention and control centers were the best evidence.

Moreover, the people also subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief about the epidemic in Beijing. The foreign media and the World Health Organization had been promoting how dangerous Beijing was, but so many big name celebrities still gathered in Beijing to fight against SARS. Even Li Mu, who was worth tens of billions of US dollars, appeared on the stage of this gala. They used their actions to send a hidden message to the country and even the world: Beijing was not as dangerous as they had advertised.

More importantly, this party had created a sense of national cohesion in the hearts of every Huaxia child. This kind of cohesion had broken through the barriers between regions and even national boundaries. Every Huaxia child who had accepted himself as a descendant of Yan and Huang had the same profound experience. This was a huge value that could not be measured by money.

After the performance, the Internet was flooded with netizens' praises for this performance, and the main forum for netizens' discussions was Tieba!

After this performance, the Tieba of every celebrity who participated in the performance ushered in a peak of traffic. Their fans flocked to their Tieba, posting praises for this performance, praising their idols' performance in this performance, and the social responsibility they embodied. Even the Tieba of Li Mu and the four hosts increased by several times compared to usual. Among them, Li Mu's Tieba was the most exaggerated, with an increase of more than ten times.

Many netizens expressed their admiration for Li Mu in Li Mu's Tieba. There were also a few netizens who posted in Tieba, saying that Li Mu's voice was somewhat similar to that of the online singer Mu Zi. However, such posts did not receive much attention, and were quickly drowned out by the flood of praises.

In addition, the traffic on Central TV's Tieba had increased by thousands of times. Hundreds of thousands of netizens flooded into Central TV's Tieba to post, and the content was all praise and praise.

Some netizens started a new forum with the same name, "Fight against SARS." As a result, tens of thousands of netizens flooded into the forum as soon as the forum was reviewed. It could be seen how important this performance was to the audience.

Due to the enthusiasm of the netizens, Tieba even had several bandwidth warnings. Fortunately, Makino Technology had its own data processing center. It urgently extracted the redundant bandwidth to support Tieba, ensuring the smooth service of Tieba.

Not only the Internet, but the media also gave this performance a lot of attention and affirmation.

Alipay opened a donation account for the "Fight against SARS" Charity Foundation and pushed it to Chinese users all over the world through YY. This donation account would accept donations for ten days. Within ten days, all the details of the donations would be completely open and transparent. In order to ensure that the donations could be used in a timely manner, Alipay would make a payment to the foundation every 12 hours. Each time, all the money in the account would be paid to the foundation.

After watching the performance, Hua Xia's children, who were overwhelmed with emotion and national pride, broke out in a frenzy like the Taobao people of the later generations. They scrambled to log into Alipay to donate to the foundation. The speed at which the amount of money skyrocketed shocked everyone.

In the first hour after the account was opened, Hua Xia's children, who were overwhelmed with emotion, donated more than 370 million yuan to the account. The total number of people who donated exceeded five million. The traditional virtue of Hua Xia's children, who were in trouble, was greatly reflected.

In the fifth hour after the account was opened, the total amount of donations reached 600 million yuan.

In the twelfth hour after the account was opened, the total amount of donations exceeded one billion yuan. Among them, 260 million donations came from Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and overseas Chinese. They donated US dollars to Alipay through PayPal. The amount of donations was initiated by PayPal and converted into RMB by the central bank according to the real-time exchange rate.

In the following hours, the donations from Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and overseas Chinese continued to surge with the promotion of PayPal. Soon, it exceeded 500 million yuan. The total amount of individual donations from Hua Xia's mainland had also exceeded one billion yuan.

In less than 20 hours, the amount of this dedicated fund had exceeded 1.5 billion yuan.

In 24 hours, the total amount of donations exceeded 1.7 billion yuan!

1.7 billion yuan of donations had been fully paid to the Fight against SARS Foundation through two settlements in the past 24 hours. The foundation also immediately issued a statement that the funds had been received. At the same time, it was decided that all 1.7 billion yuan would be handed over to the Ministry of Health for disposal. The Ministry of Health also issued a statement that they would regularly disclose the details of all the donations to the public and accept the supervision of the public and overseas Chinese.

From the perspective of the public, the direct impact of this performance was that Hua Xia's children were unprecedentedly united in recent years. There had been a huge change in the people's mentality!

From the previous fear of SARS, it had evolved into the current fight against SARS!

Even if they did not have the ability to fight against SARS directly, they still had to donate money and goods to support the country's arduous battle against SARS.

When the mentality changed, everything changed!

Overnight, the entire Hua Xia entered a completely different state. Although everyone still responded to the government's call to avoid appearing in public as much as possible, the hearts of the people who stayed at home, in the company, in the workplace, and in the school had long flown out of the walls and doors. They were united on a spiritual level, forming a huge force of strength.

Among the many donation messages received by Alipay, there would often be a note like this: Among this donation, XXX yuan is donated by XX.

The donor might be a family member, relative, friend, neighbor, or colleague of the donor. Although the foundation also had an account to receive donations, to them, lining up at the bank to donate would obviously waste more time and energy. It would also increase the burden of the epidemic prevention. The best way was to donate online through Alipay. Therefore, the people who did not have an Alipay account or online banking, but wanted to make a contribution, contacted their friends and relatives. If anyone had an Alipay account, they would ask them to donate a certain amount on their behalf. They would then pay them in cash.

Li Mu specifically asked the staff of Alipay to count all the donation messages, then connect the data to YY website, and broadcast it on YY website. There were as many as a million such donation messages, which further highlighted the unity of Hua Xia's children at the moment!

An unprecedented performance, an unprecedented impact, and an unprecedented amount of donations. The influence brought about by this performance was still writing more legends!

The three regions across the Straits, as well as many overseas Chinese media outlets, all gave extensive coverage to this performance. They were not stingy with their praises. All the media outlets related to Hua Xia believed that this performance was a grand event worthy of being recorded in history for Hua Xia's children!

What was interesting was that the Western media, which had previously defamed Huaxia on the issue of SARS, all remained silent. It was as if they did not know that such an exciting performance had taken place in Huaxia. They all chose to play dumb and did not report on this performance in any form.

In fact, the reason was very simple. These media outlets had previously distorted the situation related to Hua Xia's SARS epidemic, and there were too many aspects of this performance that could slap them in the face. In particular, Li Mu's tough words made these Western media outlets even more depressed. Li Mu's words that they were not worthy of being human made them feel like they had been slapped hard in the face.

Most importantly, Li Mu stood firmly on the highest point of humanitarianism. Those Western media outlets that had distorted the facts could not refute him at all. Therefore, the only thing they could do was to pretend that they did not know anything. This way, they could at least save face in front of their own people.

However, how could Li Mu let them go?

At this time, the strategic importance of YY was completely highlighted.

The Western media did not want their audience to know about Hua Xia's performance. They could work together through print media and television media to block the news from the public, but they could not break through the Internet stronghold of YY, which was deeply rooted in their own backyard.

Traditional communication channels, like the Maginot Line of defense in France, could only defend a small part of the national border and could not form a comprehensive defense. Once the enemy bypassed the line of defense, they could find a breakthrough in other positions. However, YY was not as simple as bypassing the line of defense and finding another breakthrough. YY adopted a comprehensive three-dimensional strategy of encircling the enemy. Its powerful information penetration ability was like sitting on a vast ocean. Every enemy was just an isolated island in front of it. It was simply a joke to want to defend against it.

Subsequently, YY pushed it again on a global scale.

This time, in addition to a detailed report on Hua Xia's performance last night, Li Mu's speech was also deliberately translated into multiple languages.

"Li Mu" itself was a super eye-catching super hot word on the Internet. As long as it was news related to him, it would attract the attention of netizens all over the world. If it was officially pushed by YY, it would be even more so.

The views in Li Mu's speech really gave the Western media a super loud slap in the face. At the same time, it also gained the support of most Western people who had a certain degree of independent judgment.

As a result, in Western society and the Western online world, Li Mu gained a large number of fans. Many people openly discussed Li Mu's views and expressed their support for his views.

This also won Hua Xia a more favorable impression among the Western people. This was because these people who supported Li Mu all agreed with Li Mu's core argument that "disease has no borders." At the same time, they also believed that Hua Xia's fight against SARS was not only for himself, but also for the world. Moreover, Hua Xia's government had done a very good job.

In the face of this view, the Western media with ulterior motives seemed to have been stripped naked in an instant. The ugliness and unbearability within were all exposed in front of the public.

When the governments and people of other countries were constantly working hard to fight against the new disease, these people not only did not give any support, but also slandered other countries for their own dirty purposes behind their backs. The credibility of the media was greatly reduced in an instant. Many Western people even denounced and protested against the media with ulterior motives on the Internet. For a moment, these media outlets were in a sorry state!

While the overseas media outlets that remained neutral reported on the performance as usual, they did not forget to ridicule the media outlets that had ulterior motives. In their words, Hua Xia used an unprecedented performance to destroy all the deliberate attacks provoked by all the media outlets with ulterior motives. This was simply a godly public relations operation that surpassed the textbook level in the world of public relations.