Chapter 247

For the filming of "Oldboys" in Haizhou No.1 Middle School, Li Mu did not stay at Song Liang's place for long. Instead, he went to Haizhou No.1 Middle School to visit his high school homeroom teacher while it was still early.

Li Mu's homeroom teacher was one of the top homeroom teachers in Haizhou No.1 Middle School. Therefore, he was in charge of the graduating class every year. Senior Three students only had one day off a week, so they were still in school on Saturdays.

Li Mu thought he was just going back to his alma mater to have a chat with his homeroom teacher. He did not expect to be surrounded by a group of enthusiastic juniors the moment he entered the school. There were even many teachers.

During this period, the entire Haizhou No.1 Middle School regarded Li Mu as their greatest pride. Although he had graduated for less than a year, his news in the major newspapers had already been posted in the school's honor column. The school also gave him the title of "Honorary Alumnus." As Li Mu was about the same age as these juniors, to them, Li Mu was the most down-to-earth idol in their eyes.

As soon as he entered the school gate, there was a commotion. Li Mu did not reach the teaching building for a long time. Pang Dahai, his homeroom teacher in Senior Three, rushed over with the grade director.

For Pang Dahai, in Li Mu's class last year, if he were to choose a few students that he admired the most, even if he counted thirty of them, Li Mu's name might not be on the list. The reason was actually very simple. This student was relatively mediocre. His grades were above average and his performance was average. There was nothing outstanding about him. His biggest impression of him was that he was particularly good at English. However, after the college entrance examination, he found out that this kid, who had always been bad at English, had actually scored a full score of 150 in English. It was simply unbelievable. He even got into the National People's Congress, which was even more unimaginable.

What made him even more amazed was that Li Mu had made such a big move not long after he entered university. When his matter was reported by major TV stations and even Hua Xia's CCTV, even the principal was excited. In those days, the whole school was in a state of excitement, including Pang Dahai himself.

The grade director separated the juniors around Li Mu and then greeted Li Mu warmly. Like Pang Dahai, he had been working hard in Senior Three for many years. He was also Li Mu's grade director.

Li Mu greeted him and Pang Dahai politely. Pang Dahai had received Li Mu's call before and knew why he came this time, so he hurriedly took him to the Discipline Building. Today, knowing that he would come, the headmaster specially came to work overtime on Saturday just to wait for him.

Li Mu followed Pang Dahai and the grade director to the principal's office. Hai Zhou High's old principal, Cui Guangshan, had been waiting there for a long time.

Cui Guangshan was almost 60 this year. At his age, he had worked in the education system for many years, so his speech was very bureaucratic. It was not that he was putting on airs in front of Li Mu, but he would always talk to Li Mu about things related to politics. He reminded Li Mu to bring glory to Hai Zhou High, to contribute to the education system, and to serve the country, the party, and the people.

Li Mu listened to him for a long time and nodded. When the principal was almost done, Li Mu got down to business. He said, "Headmaster Cui, I'm working with a famous band. I want to make a short film about youth. There will be some scenes in middle school. I want to film it at Hai Zhou High, so I'd like to ask for your permission."

Cui Guangshan nodded and said, "I've heard about this from Mr. Pang. In principle, I have no objections. But I have to tell you, when you're making a film, it has to be healthy and positive. It has to be educational. That's the only way to be responsible to society, do you understand?"

Li Mu immediately said, "Of course. Don't worry, I will definitely promote positive energy."

"What positive energy?"

"Oh, the core values of socialism!"

Cui Guangshan smiled in satisfaction and said, "When do you plan to start filming?

How long will it take?

I'll have the whole school cooperate with you, but you have to be careful not to disrupt the normal teaching order of the school. "

Li Mu said, "It's estimated to take two to three days at most!"

Cui Guangshan agreed readily, "Okay, I'll have Mr. Pang contact you. You two are familiar with each other, so if you have any requests, just let him know. Our Hai Zhou High has never made a film before, so you have to put the school's name in the film. Don't copy those fictitious movies and TV shows and put up a name that doesn't exist."

Li Mu patted his chest and promised, "Don't worry, Headmaster Cui. Not only will I put the name of Hai Zhou High in the film, in the thank you column, the name of Hai Zhou High will be the first. After all, it's my alma mater. That's why I came all the way here from Beijing to film the film."

Cui Guangshan's eyes lit up and he nodded with a smile, "That's right, it's sentiments!

As a person, we can't lack feelings at any time. "

…

After reaching an agreement with the school, Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. The script involved shooting locations in Haizhou, and Haizhou No. 1 Middle School had the most scenes, followed by the train station and the dilapidated barber shop. The train station was easy to set up and could be settled with a little money, and the barber shop was even easier. There were countless streets and lanes in Haizhou.

Just as Li Mu was about to go home, Zhang Kexuan called to say that the four of them had arrived at Hai Zhou.

Regarding the micro film, Zhang Kexuan and the other three from Simple Plan were even more anxious than Li Mu. This was because after Li Mu briefly explained the script over the phone, they were all moved by the script and couldn't wait to start filming immediately. Knowing that Li Mu had returned last night, the four of them rushed over today to discuss the matter with Li Mu.

Li Mu simply let them drive to Hai Zhou High to pick him up. This time, it was Zhang Kexuan who drove the spacious Land Cruiser. As usual, Ye Tianming gave the front passenger seat to Li Mu. Once Li Mu got in the car, Zhang Kexuan drove straight to the ecological park. He said, "The ecological park in Hai Zhou has the best environment. It's quiet. Let's go there and talk."

Li Mu said helplessly, "How about this, you guys drive me home first, and then you guys go straight to the ecological park. I'll have dinner with my parents, and I'll come find you after dinner."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Mu Ge, all four of us are here. Won't you do us the honor of having dinner with us?"

Li Mu smiled apologetically and said, "It's not easy to go home, and I don't have enough time to accompany my parents. Another day, you guys go to Yan Jing. We'll spend at least some time together in Yan Jing."

Zhang Kexuan asked him, "Are the filming locations in Yan Jing and Hai Zhou?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, the length of the film is about 30 to 40 minutes. Haizhou takes up about one-third of the scenes, and the remaining two-thirds are in Yan Jing."

Zhang Kexuan said, "That's good. Xiaowan is also in Yan Jing."

"Yes."

Li Mu said with a smile, "So we'll have a lot of time to spend together, and there will be plenty of opportunities to have dinner together. Let me go home to accompany my parents today."

"Okay, you're the elder brother. You can do whatever you want."

Zhang Kexuan grinned and sent Li Mu to the door of his house with ease.

When he got home, Li Mu found that it was not only the three of them who had dinner at home tonight. His aunt and aunt were also there. As soon as they saw Li Mu, they seemed very close and kept asking about his well-being. Li Mu saw that both of them were wearing their work uniforms, so he guessed that they should have just gotten off work from the shop. Now one of them was the manager of Metersbonway, and the other was the manager of Senma. His aunt had always been very reliable. Later, his mother asked his aunt to be the manager of Senma, and he often called her to ask about it. It was said that his aunt also worked very hard and was not much worse than his aunt. The rarest thing was that her previous shortcomings of being arrogant and mean had been quickly changed.

In fact, it was very simple. In the past, she always looked down on Li Mu's father. Now that Li Mu's family was definitely among the rich in Haizhou, her previous sense of superiority had long disappeared.

Li Mu also observed carefully and found that his aunt had indeed changed a lot. She was better at talking than before, and her attitude towards his father was many times better than before.

For example, when Papa Lee wanted to cook a cucumber and have a drink with Li Mu at night, his aunt quickly said, "Brother-in-law, don't bother, let me do it."

Papa Lee smiled and said, "It's okay, I'll do it."

His aunt quickly grabbed the cucumber and said naturally with a smile, "Little Mu will only be back for two days. You and my sister have a good chat with him. I'll do the kitchen work with Haohao's mother."

His aunt also nodded repeatedly and refused to let Papa Lee and Li Ma enter the kitchen.

Li Mu saw this and felt very gratified. His aunt now earned more than 15,000 yuan a month in her own shop. His aunt's business was not as good as Metersbonwe's, but she still earned about 10,000 yuan a month, which was much better than the children's clothing shop she had worked so hard to manage. The rarest thing was that she could now get along so well with her parents. They were all relatives. Although they did not treat her family well in the past, it was good that they could change it. There was a qualitative change in their lives, and the relatives were harmonious. It was not a waste for Papa Lee and Li Ma to give her this opportunity.

Papa Lee was suddenly free, so he sat on the sofa and chatted with Li Mu. Papa Lee said, "Recently, our relatives have been moving around more frequently. Our house is small, and it won't be able to accommodate more people. Your mom and I are thinking of selling this house and buying a bigger one. What do you think?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I have no objections, but don't sell this house. Leave it and don't rent it out. I grew up here, and I can't bear to sell it."

Papa Lee nodded and said, "Then we'll buy a house of about 100 square meters. Your mom said last night that before your winter break, we'll go to Beijing and buy you a house near your school."