Chapter 1549

The algorithm was like a slot machine. Outsiders simply did not know the profit ratio and liquidation cycle set by this machine. The same profit ratio was 60%. It might swallow 100 yuan and spit out 40 yuan, or it might swallow 1000 yuan and only spit out 400 yuan. 60% was the profit ratio, 100 or 1000 was the liquidation cycle.

Even a crude slot machine had its own algorithm, let alone an Internet company with hundreds of millions of users.

For an Internet company, algorithms were a set of very secretive core logic. It was like a highly confidential production line. The entire thing was hidden in a factory that did not even have windows. To outsiders, they could only see a bunch of parts and raw materials being sent in, and then missiles being produced one by one. However, outsiders could not figure out how they were produced at all.

Every algorithm logic of Twitter was the core secret of the entire division. It would never be known by outsiders.

Some tricks at the algorithm level were often not noticed by users. This way, the damage to users could be minimized or even ignored.

The chief architect and technical director of Makino Technology's Twitter division was Fang Xudong, the trump card of Li Mu. Li Mu called him directly and informed him of the need to adjust the algorithm to increase Schwarzenegger's fans.

Fang Xudong himself came back from Silicon Valley. He knew the significance of running for governor, and it happened to be the governor of California. If Li Mu made the right bet this time, once Schwarzenegger was elected, it would be a great help to the development of Makino Technology in Silicon Valley.

Therefore, Fang Xudong did not dare to delay and immediately began to adjust the algorithm. After only 20 minutes, the adjusted temporary algorithm was launched.

The logic of the temporary algorithm was that as long as a Twitter user was online, there was a probability of seeing Schwarzenegger appear on his page in the "Your Friends Are Also Following" column.

However, the probability was different according to the user's login IP.

For example, there was a 20% probability that users in the United States would see Schwarzenegger once every five times they refreshed or opened the Twitter page.

The probability of triggering in Canada, which was also in North America, was 15%. The probability of triggering in Europe and Australia was 10%. The probability of triggering in Asia was 5%.

Among the United States users, the probability of triggering in California increased by 25%.

As soon as this temporary algorithm went online, Schwarzenegger's exposure on Twitter rapidly increased, and the number of followers immediately began to soar.

In just ten minutes, Schwarzenegger gained 100,000 fans. This left Schwarzenegger, who was sitting in front of the computer, dumbfounded. The entire campaign team was also staring at the fan data in his campaign office. They were also shocked by such a rapid increase in fans.

After another ten minutes, he gained another 100,000 fans!

Its speed was unbelievably fast.

On the thirtieth minute, the number of fans increased by another 100,000!

The advantage of the algorithm was that the performance was unusually smooth, and the fluctuation in the probability level was relatively small. Using this algorithm to cover more than 100 million Twitter users around the world, its conversion rate would not start to decline in a short period of time. The only fluctuation was not the fluctuation in the conversion rate, but the fluctuation in the number of people online on Twitter. The same probability would also produce a difference in the absolute number of people.

However, the total number of people online for half an hour or even an hour was basically very stable.

An hour after the algorithm went online, Schwarzenegger's Twitter fans increased by 610,000. Due to the increase in fans, the number of reads, comments, likes, and retweets of all of Schwarzenegger's Twitter content also skyrocketed. Many ordinary people expressed their approval of his political views, which gave Schwarzenegger a strong motivation to move forward.

"The information dissemination ability of Makino Technology is really too powerful!" Schwarzenegger exclaimed in excitement.

No wonder this company could be crazily pursued by users around the world, and even by global capital. The strength of this company had already surpassed any other Internet company at this stage.

The campaign consultant also sighed. "If we can deepen our cooperation with Makino Technology, not only will the success rate of the campaign greatly increase, but we can also minimize the financial investment of the campaign. If we can reduce the financial investment on the premise of ensuring the election, we can reduce some of the political burden."

Schwarzenegger understood very well what the campaign consultant meant by "political burden." Whether it was the campaign for governor, congressman, or president, the individuals and entrepreneurs who spent money to support the campaign were, in fact, angel investors. They did not spend large sums of money to sponsor the campaign because they had the same political views, or because of their love for the country and the candidate. Their sponsorship of the campaign was, in fact, a venture investment.

Investors invested in the campaign like they invested in a business. A large amount of money was invested in the expectation of higher financial returns. Once the candidate was successfully elected, it would be like a successful listing of a business, and the investors would begin to cash out and make profits.

If they invested 10 million US dollars in the early campaign, then after they were elected, they would have to use their position to bring tens of millions of US dollars in campaign returns to the other party. These tens of millions of US dollars in return were political burdens.

In the United States, regardless of any campaign, the most expensive part was publicity and promotion, and this was precisely what Makino Technology was best at.

At this time, the campaign consultant suddenly said, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, if we can find Makino Technology's YY website to do an exclusive interview with Your Excellency, that would be great!

YY website has a lot of traffic. It is currently the world's largest portal, and it works with YY to push news once a day. If Makino Technology can put Your Excellency's interview in YY's news push, not only will it bring you a lot of exposure, but it can also promote your governing philosophy to the United States and even the world. "

Schwarzenegger was tempted to listen. He knew better than anyone what the magic of YY's news push was. If he could really get such top-notch resources, it would be of great help to his campaign.

However, Schwarzenegger was really embarrassed to trouble Li Mu so frequently in such a short period of time. After all, the two of them did not know each other. This time, it was through Director James Cameron and Leonardo. It was already very rare for someone to be willing to help him even once. If he were to push his luck at this time, he was afraid that it would cause Li Mu to resent him, and that would not be worth it.

Therefore, Schwarzenegger said to his campaign team, "As for Makino Technology, we need to gradually build a closer relationship with them. We can't make requests to them too frequently in a short period of time. Otherwise, it is likely to backfire."

The campaign consultant nodded and said, "We still need to deal with Makino Technology as a long-term, in-depth partner, because not only can they give us great help during the campaign, but more importantly, they can continue to help us after we succeed in the election. Think about other campaign funders. They can only help us financially, but once we succeed in the election, we no longer need that bit of money. Therefore, we will enter the stage of pure returns. However, Makino Technology is different. After we are elected, we will need more powerful information dissemination capabilities. At that time, we will need Makino Technology even more."

Schwarzenegger said in agreement, "Makino Technology is the most perfect long-term strategic partner. However, to achieve this goal, we have to strengthen our cooperation with them bit by bit and reveal a message to them bit by bit. If they help me win the election, then I will definitely give Makino Technology enough political rewards after I take office."

…

Li Mu, who was visiting the winery with Anne Hathaway and Wendy Gauber, was completely distracted by this historic winery. He was not interested in red wine, did not understand it, and did not like it very much. Therefore, when he looked at the old oak barrels, he was thinking about how to achieve a political bond with Schwarzenegger.

If things ended here, and he only used algorithms to help Schwarzenegger increase a certain number of fans, it would be difficult to form a bond, and it would even be difficult for him to get closer to Schwarzenegger.

For the long-term layout and interests of Makino Technology in the United States, Li Mu must set up a big picture around Schwarzenegger and achieve a strong bond with him. In the eight years that Schwarzenegger would be the governor of California, he would become his closest strategic partner and lock in the political interests of California in advance.

However, if he wanted to become a strategic partner with Schwarzenegger, he had to work harder.

However, one thing was certain in Li Mu's heart, and that was that Schwarzenegger must be more eager to cooperate than he was. Therefore, in this way, he had the initiative, because as long as he took the initiative to offer an olive branch, Schwarzenegger would definitely not refuse. However, thinking about it from another perspective, if it was Schwarzenegger, at this moment, he would not have the confidence that Li Mu had. He would be worried that if he took the initiative to propose a cooperation, Li Mu would reject him.

After thinking about this, Li Mu said to Anne Hathaway and Wendy Gauber, "Sorry, ladies, I have to go out and make a phone call."

Anne Hathaway nodded with a smile and said, "Go ahead."

Wendy Gauber said, "There is a wine tasting room next to the entrance of the wine cellar. There is no one there."

Li Mu made an OK gesture and walked in the direction of the wine tasting room with his phone.

In the wine tasting room, the huge oak barrels outside were no longer there. Instead, bottles of red wine were placed diagonally on the wine racks. Almost all the four walls were filled with red wine. In the middle, there were a few exquisite wooden tables and chairs. Coupled with the warm lighting, it looked very stylish.

Li Mu took out his phone and called Lin Ching-ah, who was in Silicon Valley. As soon as the call went through, Li Mu told her about Schwarzenegger. Lin Ching-ah did not know that Schwarzenegger had asked Li Mu for help, nor did she know that Twitter had changed its algorithm at the last minute and started to guide Schwarzenegger. However, as smart as she was, when she heard about this, she immediately realized that there was a huge political interest in this, and this interest had a strong long-tail effect.

Unable to hide her excitement, she said, "Li Zong, Schwarzenegger running for governor of California is really a very, very good opportunity for us. Every state in the United States has its own legislative power. If we can establish a strong relationship with him, the returns he can bring us in the future may be far beyond our imagination at this stage."

Li Mu said, "I think so too, so I have decided to take the initiative."

Lin Ching-ah hurriedly asked, "What do you want to do?"

Li Mu said, "Give Schwarzenegger a call and say that you want to find an opportunity to visit him. When the time comes, bring someone who is capable enough, has a keen sense of smell, is smart enough, and is trustworthy enough."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Okay, I have a suitable candidate here. It is a girl I brought over from Hua Xia, and she fits your requirements very well."