Chapter 1167

Although Zhao Xianliang was nearly 50 years old, in the business circle, his age and experience were the new force in the whole business circle, so the unyielding spirit in his heart had always been there.

From the beginning when he looked down on Li Mu, he was gradually shocked by Li Mu's strength, and even surpassed by Li Mu. Zhao Xianliang didn't seem to feel anything on the surface, but in fact, he had always felt a little frustrated in his heart.

Now, being teased by his wife, although she didn't take it seriously, the sense of frustration in Zhao Xianliang's heart seemed to increase a little.

No one saw the vexation in Zhao Xianliang's heart. He had worked hard for half of his life, but he still couldn't beat Li Mu, such a young man, and the gap between him and Li Mu was getting bigger and bigger. This was indeed the biggest worry in Zhao Xianliang's heart when facing Li Mu.

Xie Yun was still trying to persuade Li Mu, hoping that he could stay in Hangzhou, or go back to Yan Jing with Zhao Ziqiu in a few days. Li Mu had no choice but to tell her that Anne Hathaway was still in the hospital and was being treated in isolation.

Li Mu said that his friend, who had traveled thousands of miles to come to Hua Xia, was still lying in the hospital. He couldn't ignore it, so he had to go back as soon as possible.

Only then did Xie Yun remember that she had seen on the news that the great director Spielberg had flown to Shenzhen with the senior management of DreamWorks and Anne Hathaway to talk about cooperation with Li Mu. She thought that they must have finished the cooperation and returned to the United States. She didn't expect that Anne Hathaway was sick in Shenzhen and was suspected to be infected with SARS and was being treated in isolation.

Zhao Xianliang asked in surprise, "A Hollywood star has SARS in Shenzhen. This is not a small matter. Why didn't I hear anything about it?"

Li Mu said truthfully, "I asked Spielberg to help block the news. Otherwise, if this matter were to be spread to the United States and then exposed by the American media, the impact on our country would be very bad."

Then, Li Mu added, "In fact, what I'm most worried about is that this matter will be exposed in China. Once it is exposed in China, I'm afraid it will immediately cause panic among the people, and then it will inevitably bring a lot of trouble to the whole society."

Zhao Xianliang nodded slightly, and at the same time, he was also impressed by Li Mu. Li Mu was not only good at the Internet and business, but he didn't expect that he could grasp the overall situation so accurately at the critical moment.

While Zhao Xianliang was praising Li Mu in his heart, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu in surprise, "Wouldn't it be better if this matter was exposed?

At least people would know about the existence of this disease, and then take precautions to prevent more people from being infected. "

Hearing his daughter's question, Zhao Xianliang smiled and looked at Li Mu, wanting to hear how he would answer.

At this time, Li Mu shook his head and said seriously, "That's the reason, but if we put it in reality, it is far from as optimistic as we think."

Speaking of this, Li Mu explained in detail, "This disease has not really spread on a large scale at present. If it is known by the people and the people are reminded to take precautions, it will inevitably cause excessive panic in the whole society. If only a few dozen people are infected and more than a billion people in the country are in a panic, the impact on the whole society must be very huge. It is likely to cause a panic purchase of materials, a shortage of materials, and then exacerbate the panic of the people because of the shortage of materials."

"If some people stop their normal work, study, and social activities because of panic, it will have a great impact on the operating efficiency of the whole society."

"For example, if one or two hundred million people in the city don't go out to eat in a short time because of panic, how much impact will it have on the whole society's food and beverage industry?

I'm afraid that more than half of the restaurants in the country will close down, and more than half of the people in the food and beverage industry will lose their jobs. "

"Another example, if these people in the city dare not go out to shop, it will inevitably bring a huge blow to the retail industry."

"The most important thing is, if the epidemic in a big city like Shenzhen is exposed, it will definitely cause a large number of migrant workers to speed up their escape. At that time, if one-tenth of the millions of migrant workers escape, it is very likely that the epidemic will spread to all parts of the country, and it may quickly trigger a major outbreak of the epidemic."

What Li Mu said was not exaggerated. In his previous life, when SARS broke out, except for the first-tier cities, most of the infection cases in small cities were caused by migrant workers who rushed back to their hometown to avoid SARS. Some people even started to have a fever on the train back to their hometown before they even reached their hometown.

Zhao Ziqiu was stunned. As a girl who majored in liberal arts, it was difficult for her to have such a systematic and comprehensive thinking logic. Therefore, if Li Mu did not say it, she would not have imagined that once the epidemic was exposed, it would bring so many uncontrollable negative effects to the whole society.

After listening to this, Zhao Xianliang was also extremely shocked. He was originally amazed that Li Mu could see the big picture of the epidemic "temporarily not publicized", but he did not expect that his big picture could be so detailed and in-depth. Was this really the thinking of a young man in his early twenties?

If it was, then his thinking was really a little too powerful and abnormal.

Xie Yun, who was a professor, was even more amazed by Li Mu's remarks. It seemed that Li Mu's success was not a coincidence. If a person could consider the big picture, the details, and the depth of a problem at the same time, then no matter what he did, he would have a certain degree of success.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang had already put away that little bit of emotion from before. He lit up another cigarette and asked Li Mu very seriously, "Then, if the epidemic continues to develop, when do you think is the most suitable time for the epidemic to be announced?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "When the country is ready!"

Zhao Xianliang narrowed his eyes and asked, "What kind of preparation?"

Li Mu blurted out, "From the central government to the local governments, to prepare for the comprehensive response, to prepare for the treatment and control of the epidemic, to prepare for the material to deal with the epidemic, and to prepare for the public opinion to stabilize the people. Only when these four preparations are done will it be the best time to announce the epidemic!"

Zhao Xianliang took a deep puff of his cigarette and asked again, "Why do you say that?"

Li Mu said seriously, "For example, if we passively announce the epidemic now, and the country is not ready yet, if 100,000 migrant workers in Guangdong Province return to their places of origin because of this, then who will monitor the whereabouts of these 100,000 people? Who will monitor whether these 100,000 people have symptoms of fever? If they do, who will monitor who they come into contact with on the way back to their places of origin?

If the epidemic goes out of control, how much danger and loss will it bring to the people of the country?

"On the contrary, if the country is ready and fully mobilizes local health departments to participate in the fight against the epidemic before exposing the epidemic, even if 100,000 migrant workers want to return to their places of origin, the country will ask local railway, highway, and civil aviation systems to test the body temperature of every passenger. At the same time, they will also ask local health systems to be ready to receive suspected cases at any time.

"In this case, if an infected person wants to leave Shenzhen and go home, then when he enters the train station, his body temperature will be detected abnormal, and he will be isolated for observation.

If this person does not have any abnormalities before boarding the train and falls ill on the train, then the train conductor can urgently contact the health system of the nearest city and let them be ready to receive him. At the same time, all the other people on the train who have come into contact with him will be isolated for observation to prevent further spread of the epidemic.

If this person does not have any abnormalities until he gets off the train, then the local station will have to trace the source of his origin after he gets off the train. If this person comes from a high-risk area of the epidemic, this person will be closely followed and observed. Once any abnormalities are found, this person will be immediately isolated for treatment. "

At this point, Li Mu concluded, "After saying so much, what I mean is that the best time to announce the epidemic is only when the country is ready and in control of the situation. Otherwise, it will inevitably bring uncontrollable threats to society."

Li Mu had always felt that when the country dealt with SARS in his previous life, they had actually done the relevant work to the extreme, excluding the fact that the local areas had concealed the news. It was just that due to many reasons, the country was not fully prepared at that time. However, when the whole country was fighting against SARS, the country's various efforts and efforts could be said to have fully demonstrated the government's sense of responsibility.

The medical and health system across the country went all out, Xiaotangshan Hospital was built within a week, countless medical staff who fought on the frontlines of the fight against SARS, and large-scale quarantine to prevent a second infection … Such a thing could only be done by the country.

Therefore, this was also the reason why Li Mu was now doing his best to prepare supplies. He was not arrogant enough to fight against SARS himself. He was only making logistical preparations for the war against SARS for the country.

Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun exchanged glances. At this time, their feelings for Li Mu could no longer be described in words.

Both husband and wife had the same feeling in their hearts. In the face of such an important matter, it was impossible for them to consider everything so thoroughly. They might not even be able to do half of what Li Mu did.

If he had not experienced SARS personally, even if Li Mu was reborn, he might not be able to understand so much. He might also be like Zhao Ziqiu and think that the best solution was to immediately announce the epidemic to the whole society. Only those who had experienced it would understand that announcing the epidemic was never a solution.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang sighed and said, "It's still unknown how much influence this epidemic will have, but I hope that what you said just now will not become a reality."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I also hope that it won't become a reality."

Zhao Xianliang could not help but sigh and said, "But after hearing what you said, I still want to do something that is within my power for society in advance. As the old saying goes, it's better to be prepared than not."

Li Mu smiled and said, "To tell you the truth, Uncle Zhao, when I learned about this epidemic in Shenzhen, I had already launched a material reserve plan of at least two billion yuan. Now, many domestic enterprises are already working at full speed and overtime for this material reserve plan. I have also asked someone to help contact several related material production enterprises in the United States. In a few days, I will go to the United States to personally follow up on this matter."