Chapter 701

At the moment, Makino Technology was valued at at least eight billion US dollars.

Among them, YY, which covered almost all Chinese netizens, was the most important. Tieba, YY games, Happy Farm, and other products with tens of millions of users were the second tier. In addition, there was YY123, which dominated the web traffic, and the rapid rise of YY portal. The entire ecosystem was already well established, and the capital market was extremely interested in the future of Makino Technology. Therefore, a valuation of eight billion US dollars might be a little low. In Li Mu's opinion, if Makino Technology was listed on NASDAQ, its market value could reach more than 1.5 billion US dollars in a very short period of time. If YY could achieve a greater breakthrough in globalization, YY's product ecosystem would cover western users, and the western capital market would be more optimistic about the company's prospects. It could easily reach several billion US dollars.

Speaking of a company that had been established for a year, having a valuation of more than a billion US dollars might seem shocking. However, putting aside Li Mu's huge golden finger, Facebook's market value reached 100 million US dollars in its second year, 15 billion US dollars in its third year, and more than 200 billion US dollars in its tenth year. Compared to him, Li Mu, who had been reborn, was a little slow.

As a reborn, Li Mu had a huge advantage, especially in the field of the internet. He could directly come up with a product concept that would normally take a few years to figure out in one night. Other companies would inevitably spend a lot of time exploring the direction, taking detours, trial and error, changing strategies, changing requirements, correcting bugs, upgrading the product, and so on. Under Li Mu's leadership, Makino Technology was moving in the most correct direction, and the time cost could be greatly reduced. Therefore, to Li Mu, replacing QQ in a year and building on that foundation, was not really an amazing achievement for Li Mu, because he was taking the same path as Teng Xun and other companies in his previous life.

While Papa Lee was so shocked by Li Mu's market value of several billion US dollars a year, Li Mu was still reflecting in his heart. Was his speed really that fast?

Not necessarily!

At this rate, he might not be able to catch up with Mark Zuckerberg's growth in three years. If YY only developed domestically, it would take at least 2010 for it to become a company with a market value of over 200 billion USD. In Feng Yu's previous life, Teng Xun only achieved a market value of 200 billion USD in 2015. In 2015, the rising star Mark Zuckerberg had already achieved a market value of 300 billion USD. Was Mark Zuckerberg better than Teng Xun's Boss Ma?

That might not be true either.

However, there was one thing that Feng Yu had to admit. QQ's huge domestic market had limited its reach. Facebook had been developing globally since a long time ago, so its product range was much larger than QQ and WeChat. In fact, it was much larger than both of them combined.

This was the effect of globalization on the market value of an Internet product!

At that moment, Li Mu's mind was filled with a firm conviction. The globalization of YY must begin as soon as possible, in the truest sense of the word!

Taking advantage of the fact that MSN and ICQ had yet to really take shape, taking advantage of the fact that there were very few products in the overseas market that could really compete with YY, he had to quickly promote YY into a global instant messaging software. At that time, the scope and scope of YY's product would be even larger than Facebook's.

What's more, Facebook's domain name was in his hands. If there was substantial progress in the globalization of YY by the end of 2003, then when Mark Zuckerberg found him through the domain name, he could use YY to accelerate the development of Facebook. At that time, there would be another behemoth in the world's Internet field.

Just as Li Mu was thinking about the future, Li Ma came back to her senses. She stared at him and asked, "Are you fooling your dad and me?

What's the name of your company?

Is it really worth billions? "

Li Mu nodded. "Mom, Dad, have you heard of Makino Technology?"

"Makino Technology …" Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other. Papa Lee slapped his thigh and said in surprise, "Son, you said that Makino Technology was established by you?!"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "That's right, it's me."

Papa Lee exclaimed, "It's the Internet company that was established a year ago and has a market value of billions!"

Li Ma asked Papa Lee in surprise, "Have you heard about it?"

"Yes." Papa Lee nodded. "YY. Did you forget that I often play YY games to level up?"

Nanny Li came to a sudden realization. "I remember now! Happy Farm!

Isn't that the game I used to steal vegetables?! "

Papa Lee said, "That's right. That's it."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Mom, are you still playing it now?"

Li Ma waved her hand. "I don't have time to play it now. There was one time when I logged on again after a long time. There were many new functions that I didn't understand. I don't have a good understanding like young people, so I stopped playing when I realized that I couldn't understand it."

As she spoke, Li Ma held Li Mu's hand and asked him, "Son, is this company really yours?"

Li Mu said helplessly, "Yes, why would I lie to you?"

Li Ma suddenly leaned back on the soft sofa and touched her forehead. She sighed and said, "My brain can't accept it all at once. Billions, it's too scary."

After Father Li finished his cigarette, he fished out another one and put it in his mouth. He used the cigarette butt to ignite a new one, took two puffs, and said weakly, "A few billion, it's worth ten Xiling coal mines …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Dad, you can't compare the real economy with the Internet. Moreover, Xiling Coal Mines is a backward industry with an annual output of hundreds of thousands of tons. It's obvious that the profits are so huge that there's no room for imagination. The Internet is different. It's not limited by geography, production capacity, reserves, and logistics. The whole world can be connected through computers and the Internet. This means that Makino Technology is currently tapping into the domestic market with a population of more than one billion. In the future, it will tap into the global market with a population of several billion. The underground tunnels and coal mining surface of Xiling Coal Mines are at most ten to twenty kilometers away, right?"

Papa Lee nodded and sighed, "That's right. There's no way to compare a new industry like the Internet with Xiling Coal Mines. But kid, you really know how to keep it a secret. It's been so long since you told me and your mom about this."

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and said, "I've been focusing on starting up my own business. I didn't want you guys to know about it before I made any achievements. I didn't want you guys to say that I'm delaying my studies."

Papa Lee looked at Li Mu and asked, "You're working on such a big company and you still have time to attend classes?"

"Nope."

Li Mu said very naturally, "I rarely attend classes now, but there's no problem with the school. The National People's Congress has always wanted to be associated with 3321, so 3321's office is provided by the National People's Congress for free. They also need me to stay in school. Even if I'm not in school often, at least my relationship is still there. I'm still a student of the National People's Congress."

Li Ma said, "Doesn't that mean that he won't be able to learn anything?"

Papa Lee asked her, "What else do you want him to learn?

For ordinary people like us, isn't letting our children go to university so that they can have a good starting point in the future?

Now that he's earning money so fast that he can run a money printing machine, can you still ask him to stay in the classroom every day? "

Li Ma thought about it and nodded. "That's true."

Papa Lee said, "The most important thing for a man is to find the career he wants to engage in and then develop in this field. When I took over my father's job and joined the workforce, I never thought about whether I wanted to do it or not. I only thought about working and earning money to support my family. When I was in my forties and got laid off, my son opened a shop for me. Only then did I understand what I wanted to do and know what I wanted to do. During this period of time, the two of us have made some small achievements, but Li Mu is only 20 years old now and he can already find something he likes and is good at. Moreover, he's doing it so well. We don't have to worry about his studies anymore. He can even earn billions of yuan, so he can definitely coordinate other things well."

Li Ma nodded and looked at Li Mu. Her face was full of joy and gratification.

Her family's life had changed too much in the past year. Last summer, she was worried about whether her son could get into a good university in the college entrance examination, and at the same time, she was worried about being put on the layoff list by the unit. In the end, not only did her son get into the National People's Congress, but he also earned hundreds of thousands of yuan to open a specialty store for them. This Metersbonway specialty store was a huge turning point for the whole family. In the eyes of Papa Lee and Li Ma, it held a very high position and was particularly important.

Because the Metersbonway specialty store made money, Papa Lee could invest money in Li Mu's uncle to open a wholesale department. Now, the income of Li Mu's uncle's wholesale department was almost 20,000 yuan a month. Life in the town was really good. During the time when Li Mu was not at home, Papa Lee also invested money in some small businesses for Li Mu's aunts and other relatives. In this year, whatever they bought from the south and sold back, they could make a very considerable income. Therefore, the living standard of the whole family was soaring.

Also because of the Metersbonway specialty store, Li Mu's little uncle's family also became well-off with a monthly income of more than 10,000 yuan. Then Senma's store was opened, and Li Mu's little aunt followed suit. Now, with the help of the Li Mu's family, First Uncle also opened Noblebird. The new Adidas was handed over to First Uncle of Li Mu's to manage, and the Xiao Family also benefited a lot.

Because of these reasons, Papa Lee and Li Ma had a deep affection for the Metersbonway specialty store. Before coming to Yan Jing this time, as long as Papa Lee and Li Ma were in Haizhou, they would go to the Metersbonway specialty store almost every day.

And this store had been handed over to Li Mu's little aunt. The reason why they still went there every day was not that they were worried about Li Mu's little aunt, but because this store was really significant to them. This store had completely changed the quality of life and life path of the three of them and two big families. For them, this store was a great contributor to the whole family. They had to go there every day to feel at ease, even if they didn't enter the store, even if they just passed by the door and took a few glances at it from afar.

In the past year, Papa Lee and Li Ma had also been actively expanding their career. They thought that their life was perfect and impeccable, but they never expected that their son, Li Mu, had become a billionaire in Yan Jing quietly …

Thinking about it carefully, it was really the familiar advertising slogan, "Life can be more beautiful …"