Chapter 1654

One of the marketing methods that Li Mu disliked the most was scam marketing.

So-called scam marketing was to use shameless means to forcefully stick to others, rub off on hot topics, and gain attention.

Li Mu liked it in his previous life, and he would often go to bookstores to buy a bunch of physical books to read. He could often see some slogans on some books in bookstores, such as: "Oriental Version of Harry Potter", "Hua Xia Version of Game of Thrones", "Ancient Version of Sherlock Holmes", and such slogans. This was a typical scam marketing.

The same thing often happened in the promotions of movies and TV series, such as "the urban version of" The Return of the Condor Heroes "," the mainland version of "Infernal Affairs", "the local version of" The Lord of the Rings ". Without exception, all of these were scam marketing.

Other than that, small companies would often jump out to say that some big company infringed on their rights, suppressed them, or maliciously competed with them. Small authors would jump out to say that big authors plagiarized or plagiarized their works. Small celebrities would jump out to say that they were bullied by big stars or big directors and had unspoken rules with them. As long as there was no real evidence, these were basically scam marketing.

Basically, scam marketing was no different from the old men and old women scam on the streets. The old men and old women who scam saw that you were driving a good car, bumped into your car, and sat in front of your car. They would not get up unless they paid three to five thousand yuan. The enterprises that scam marketing were even more ruthless than the old men and old women. They were like leeches that sucked on you, and would not stop until they had taken enough advantage of you.

Mars realized that it had missed a great opportunity, and now regretted it. It did not learn from its mistakes, but instead started to scam Li Mu. This made Li Mu particularly angry. There was only one thought in his mind: This matter will not end until I kick you out of the world's top 500!

Just when Mars was feeling complacent about its scam marketing, the internet suddenly seemed to be under a spell. All of Mars' reports, adverts, and publicity drafts disappeared in an instant.

A hot topic just a second ago seemed to have vanished from the face of the earth in the next second. It was simply incredible!

Mars did not know that Li Mu had already started to ban them from the internet.

Currently, the center of the global internet's public opinion was on Weibo Titter, because it was the first and only platform that connected the entire world. Its existence overshadowed almost all the other news portals. Therefore, trending topics could only be born on Weibo Titter, there was no other possibility.

Once Weibo's Titter banned all of Mars' keywords, Mars' popularity on the internet would be instantly sucked dry.

Li Mu requested for Mars and all of its popular keywords to be banned. Therefore, it was not just their company name, the names of their series of products, even their CEO and chairman's names had become sensitive terms on Weibo's Titter. Once it appeared, it would immediately be restricted from spreading.

Restricting the dissemination of information was too ruthless. The things that were posted could only be seen by themselves. Now, the fully open Weibo Titter had turned into a private diary. The Mars Water Army seemed to have their mobility sealed in an instant. They could only watch helplessly as the content was posted, but no one could see it.

Mars itself, as well as the media and ghostwriters they had bribed, were puzzled. Those who had been led astray by them were also puzzled. They did not know why the topic of Mars, as well as all the content related to Mars, had disappeared.

At this time, Mars was surprised to find that their official Weibo Titter had been banned by the authorities!

Mars' CEO Neil roared angrily in the company, cursing, "Li Mu is simply a son of a b * tch!

What right does he have to ban our official account!

He is abusing his position to avenge a personal grudge! "

After cursing, he immediately said to the person in charge of his public relations department, "Immediately express the strongest written protest to Makino Technology!

At the same time, immediately release this incident to all the cooperating media, and let them collectively speak for us!

Li Mu actually dared to ban our account privately. If this gets out, it will make him lose all face!

It will make Weibo Titter lose all face!

I want to blow this matter up!

I want them to officially apologize to all the users around the world! "

The person in charge of the public relations department nodded. "I will arrange it now. We will use the harshest words to express our protest to them!"

CEO Neil immediately said, "Get the cooperating media ready. At this critical moment, we need them to collectively speak up at the same time!

Give Li Mu the greatest pressure! "

The person in charge of the public relations department immediately said, "Please rest assured, I will definitely coordinate with all the cooperating media."

CEO Neil said, "I will give you a budget of two million US dollars for media and public relations. Let them do their best to fan the flames!"

Speaking up to this point, his face revealed a sinister smile, and he said proudly, "Li Mu, oh Li Mu, I have been waiting for you to lose your mind. The more you use your position to avenge a personal grudge, the more it will give me something to use against you!

This time, we must make this matter as big as possible!

Fight for the greatest exposure for us! "

At this moment, the CEO's assistant hurriedly walked in and said, "Mr. Neil, Makino Technology has sent an official email."

Neil was stunned and immediately asked, "From Makino Technology?

What is it?

Read it! "

The CEO's assistant took the fax paper and said, "Mars Group, your despicable, shameless, and despicable marketing methods have crossed the bottom line of Muye Technology. We order you to publicly apologize for your malicious marketing within 24 hours. Otherwise, we will further implement necessary disciplinary measures against you!"

"F * ck!" Neil gritted his teeth and said, "I haven't even looked for him, and he's already looking for me!

He even wants me to apologize?

Dream on! "

After saying that, he pointed to the person in charge of the public relations department and sneered, "Jim, write this down and immediately reply to Makino Technology. The content is as follows: Makino Technology, you have arbitrarily banned our official Weibo Titter account. This has violated the basic principles of fairness, equality, and freedom on the Internet platform. If you do not unban our account in the shortest time possible, we will immediately announce what you have done to the world!"

When Li Mu received the reply from Mars Group, a sneer appeared on his face. He instructed Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, there are a few things. Go ahead."

Li Ziwei immediately took out a pen and paper and said, "Go ahead."

Li Mu said, "First, immediately inform Kong Lingyu that there is no need to wait for 24 hours. Clear all the published content, comments, and likes from Mars Group's official Weibo now, and then return their fans to zero!"

Li Ziwei nodded. "I've noted it down, Li Zong. Please continue."

Li Mu continued, "Second, send a telegram to all the media that added fuel to the fire for Mars. Tell them that Mars' malicious marketing not only violated the rights and interests of Weibo Titter, but also crossed the bottom line of Makino Technology's operations. All the media that spoke up for Mars without investigation must bear all possible consequences. Clearly tell them that we are not philanthropists, nor are we politicians. We are entrepreneurs. The bottom line of an entrepreneur is not fairness, equality, or freedom, but their own legal rights and interests. Therefore, the legal rights and interests of Weibo Titter and Makino Technology are sacred and inviolable!

Anyone who infringes on our rights and interests without any solid evidence will become our greatest enemy! "

Li Ziwei immediately said, "Yes, Li Zong!"

Li Mu grunted, then said, "Also, give Zhao Kang a call and ask him to immediately collect all the past scandals about Mars' product lines online. He wants all the scandals that have conclusive evidence and can be traced back to the source. Then, sort them all out and come up with a template for me to review. When the time comes, ask him to be prepared to lead the Internet Water Army to publish it all over the internet."

Li Ziwei nodded, then carefully reminded, "Li Zong, all the keywords of Mars have been blocked in our product system. Such content can't be published, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's nothing that can't be published. As long as he creates the template, the entire template will be a single super-long keyword. I'll let the technology add a logic to it. As long as the content matches this super-long keyword, it won't be affected by the blocked logic."

Li Ziwei instantly understood and couldn't help but laugh out loud. Then, she hurriedly said, "Li Zong, I understand. Please wait a moment, I'll arrange it now."

Li Mu had always been very ruthless in front of his competitors. Although he was much bigger than Mars, he was still too lazy to fight with Mars. He had given them the chance to kneel and beg for mercy, but they didn't cherish it. Then, he might as well hit the snake where it hurts, and knock them down in one go!

At this moment, the CEO of Mars, Neil, was still waiting for Makino Technology's reply. He was complacent that he had grasped Li Mu's weakness. Li Mu loved to fish for fame. If he exposed that Li Mu used the platform's power to deliberately suppress others, it would definitely cause strong opposition.

The Internet itself was a free virtual world. If Li Mu, as the official of Weibo Titter, used this privilege to wantonly suppress corporate users in Weibo Titter, it would definitely make all the corporate users in Weibo Titter feel insecure. At that time, it might set off a trust crisis against Makino Technology and Li Mu.

However, he couldn't even dream of how tough Li Mu was.

Ten minutes after the reply was sent, the head of the public relations department, Jim, ran over in horror. He breathlessly told him an extremely shocking news, "Mr. Neil, all the content and fans on the twelve official Weibo Titter of our multiple brands have been wiped out!"

"What?!" Neil exclaimed and asked, "What do you mean by wiped out?"

Jim said, "It means that everything has returned to zero. We've instantly returned to the state when we first registered. There's not a single content, not a single fan!

And the scariest thing is that our twelve official Weibo Titter accounts are all unfollowable! "

"What does unfollowable mean?!"

"Unfollowable means that even if users search for our official accounts, they can't follow us because the follow button for our accounts is grayed out. Users can't click it at all!"