Chapter 509

Monday morning, 7am.

Zhang Yao purposely woke up early today. At 7am, she had already washed up and started to carefully match the clothes she was going to wear today.

Last Friday, Zhang Yao had finally completed her resignation procedures. After resting for two days over the weekend, she could finally start working at Makino Technology today.

Although her neighborhood was less than half an hour's drive from Makino Technology's office, she still woke up early to prepare. This was because she placed a lot of importance on today's start. This was her first official day working at Makino Technology. To her, it meant a lot.

As a delicate woman, Zhang Yao didn't look like she was in the IT field at all. She didn't look like she was in the technical field either. However, she relied on her own ability to get to where she was today. After getting the offer from Makino Technology P7, her achievements and heights in the technical field had even surpassed most of her male alumni. Therefore, her first day working at Makino Technology was especially important.

Zhang Yao changed her clothes three times in front of the mirror before finally choosing a more formal and capable outfit. She wore a white short-sleeved shirt, a pair of dark gray slim-fit trousers, and a pair of leather shoes with sloping heels.

After looking at herself in the mirror for more than ten minutes, Zhang Yao was finally satisfied and prepared to leave.

Before going out, Zhang Yao suddenly thought of her college boyfriend, Chen Hui. For so long, Zhang Yao had always been worried about him. She had long heard that he was in Shenzhen and that he had joined Teng Xun, but some time ago, Teng Xun, which had always been developing very well, was suddenly hit by Muye Technology. Not only did they give up on maintaining QQ, but they also laid off the entire QQ technical team. Zhang Yao vaguely heard that Chen Hui seemed to be among the list of layoffs, which made her worry about his current situation. She really wanted to ask him about his current situation, but several times she mustered up the courage to do so, but in the end, she got cold feet.

A few days ago, Zhang Yao heard the big news in the industry. Almost all of QQ's technical team had joined Sina, and she was looking forward to it. She thought Chen Hui should be one of the QQ team members that joined Sina, and this means Chen Hui had come to Yanjing from Shenzhen, which is two to three thousand kilometers away.

Zhang Yao couldn't help but think that Sina and Makino Technology were both in Zhongguancun. If Chen Hui had really joined Sina, would the two of them have the chance to meet on the streets of Zhongguancun, or at a breakfast stall next to a bus stop in Zhongguancun, or on a bus that shuttled between Zhongguancun and the surrounding settlements?

Zhang Yao was also thinking, after not seeing him for so long, would he still be able to recognize her?

However, she quickly comforted herself by thinking that she hadn't changed her hairstyle for the past few years. Her hair had always been shoulder-length, so it shouldn't have changed much from a few years ago. The two of them used to be so close. If they had the chance to meet again, he should still be able to recognize her.

However, Zhang Yao was worried if she would still be able to recognize Chen Hui.

Chen Hui was very skinny when he was in university. He was 1.8 meters tall, but he only weighed 110 kg. He had a buzz cut and looked very energetic. But after working for the past few years, she noticed that men in the internet industry put on weight very fast. They could easily gain more than 10 kg a year. If Chen Hui was also putting on weight, then his appearance should have changed a lot. Furthermore, she didn't know if his myopia had increased. What if they brushed shoulders and Chen Hui couldn't see her clearly, and she couldn't recognize him? Wouldn't it be a pity?

Ever since she left the house and got on the bus, Zhang Yao had been paying attention to the men around 1.8 meters tall. She tried to find Chen Hui's figure in the crowd, but until she arrived at Makino Technology, she didn't see a face that looked similar to Chen Hui's.

She was a little disappointed, but when Zhang Yao raised her head and saw the nameplates of the major companies in the elevator, she saw the words "Makino Technology" at a glance. She immediately perked up and comforted herself. If Chen Hui came to Yanjing, then the two of them would have many opportunities to meet in the future. Although Yanjing was very big, the two of them were both working in Zhongguancun. As time passed, there would be opportunities to meet.

After squeezing into the elevator, Zhang Yao had already readjusted her mentality. She decided to put all her energy into work first.

Makino Technology went to work at 9: 30. When Zhang Yao arrived, it was just 9: 10. Fortunately, Lin Ching-ah had requested the front desk and the HR department to go to work half an hour earlier so that it would be convenient to receive the newcomers who had just arrived. Makino Technology was getting bigger and bigger, and there would be newcomers joining almost every day.

After Zhang Yao arrived, she showed her ID to the front desk. The front desk had received the list of all the newcomers from the HR department last Friday. They knew that there would be three new employees joining this morning, and one of them was Zhang Yao. Thus, they brought Zhang Yao to a reception conference room and had her fill in the entry information form. Then, they found a special HR person to talk to her about the other details of the entry.

When Zhang Yao was filling in the information in the conference room, Chen Hui, who was burning with impatience, had just left.

When he found out that Zhang Yao was joining this morning, Chen Hui was so excited that he didn't sleep for the whole night. He thought about too many things in his mind. He thought about how he should behave when the two of them met. He also thought about how he should brag to his children about the heroic story of him chasing after love thousands of miles in the past if the two of them got married and had children in the future. He thought about almost everything he could think about.

After thinking about it for the whole night, Chen Hui originally decided not to sleep at all. He didn't expect to stay up until 7: 00. His brain couldn't take it anymore, and he actually fell asleep in the blink of an eye. If it wasn't for his dream of Zhang Yao marrying another man and waking him up, he probably would have slept until after noon.

When he opened his eyes, it was already past 9: 00. Chen Hui hurriedly washed up and rushed to the company. When he arrived at the company, it was already 9: 40. He was already very familiar with the company's procedures. After he clocked in, he wandered around a few conference rooms. He didn't see Zhang Yao, so he decided to return to his post first and then go to the development department to look for her.

Unexpectedly, when Chen Hui arrived at the maintenance department's office, before he could even walk to his seat, an HR specialist brought Chen Yao and followed closely behind him. The HR specialist smiled and said, "Everyone, put down the things at hand first. I'll introduce everyone to a new colleague."

This was the tradition of Makino Technology. When a new colleague joined the company, the HR specialist would bring him to each department to pay a visit and introduce him to the colleagues in all the departments. It was difficult for one person to remember hundreds of people, but it was easy for hundreds of people to remember one person. After spending tens of minutes to pay a visit to each department, everyone would remember the new colleague. Whether it was inside or outside the company, old colleagues would smile and nod when they saw the new colleague. They would even chat a little. This would give the new colleague a stronger sense of belonging and allow him to integrate into the team earlier.

Chen Hui had just walked to his desk and hadn't even had time to sit down when he heard this. He subconsciously turned his head and happened to meet Zhang Yao's eyes as she followed the HR specialist in.

Zhang Yao recognized Chen Hui at a glance, and was instantly dumbstruck by this unexpected scene. It was as if in this instant, all her senses were left with her eyes, and the only thing her eyes could see was Chen Hui, who was not far away, looking at her face to face.

Although Chen Hui knew that he would definitely meet Zhang Yao today, he didn't expect that he would come so unprepared. In addition, he had waited for this moment for too long. When the moment really came, he and Zhang Yao only had eyes for each other.

At this moment, the HR specialist introduced Zhang Yao to everyone and said, "This is the new senior engineer of our YY business group development department, Zhang Yao."

Zhang Yao was not bad looking, and the way she dressed made her look very elegant, so the group of technical men were very surprised. They didn't expect that there would be such a beautiful woman in the same line of coding, so they all started to clap enthusiastically.

Only Chen Hui stood there motionlessly, as if he had been cast with a paralysis spell.

The HR specialist looked at Chen Hui and said with a smile, "Student Chen Hui, why aren't you clapping to welcome us?

Could it be that you're stunned by our new colleague's beauty? "

Only then did Chen Hui come back to his senses. Even though he had a thousand things he wanted to say to Zhang Yao, he remembered that he was still in the company and that he had promised Kong Lingyu when he first joined that he would never let his colleagues know about him and Zhang Yao. So he suppressed the impulse in his heart and clapped while saying very unnaturally, "Welcome, welcome. We warmly welcome our new colleague to the company!"

The HR specialist jokingly said to Zhang Yao, "This is our maintenance department's second team leader, Chen Hui. He might be a little excited to see you."

Zhang Yao didn't know why she would see Chen Hui here, but the moment she saw him, she realized that Chen Hui hadn't changed much after not seeing him for so long. He was still so thin, and his hair was still so short. The only difference was that his stubble was a little more obvious, and he looked a lot more mature than before.

Zhang Yao's heart suddenly returned to her university days. She recalled all the things that happened between the two of them, and she remembered that song that she loved the most after graduation.

"I heard it from a friend.

Dear you, you've come back.

I want to ask him to greet you on my behalf.

Just because I'm afraid I won't be able to say it.

Do you still have many feelings for the past?

You who once broke my heart.

I'm still deeply in love … "

The melody of Lin Yilian's "I heard that love came back" came to Zhang Yao's mind, and her eyes instantly became covered with a layer of mist. If the HR specialist hadn't made such a joke just now, her tears would probably have fallen uncontrollably.

After the HR specialist finished speaking, he said to Zhang Yao, "Let's go. I'll take you to say hello to your colleagues in the testing team."

Zhang Yao looked deeply at Chen Hui again. Although she had a million things she wanted to say to Chen Hui immediately, and a million questions she wanted to ask Chen Hui immediately, she could only suppress them for the time being. She turned around and left with the HR specialist.

The moment Zhang Yao turned around and left, Chen Hui's tense nerves suddenly relaxed. It was as if his soul had been sucked out of him in an instant. He slumped weakly on the chair and stared at his fingers in a daze.

At ten o 'clock, Kong Lingyu came to Li Mu's office and said to Li Mu, "Chen Hui's ex-girlfriend has come to work."

Li Mu was reviewing the MP3 player production progress report email. When he heard this, he subconsciously raised his head and asked with great interest, "Really?

How's Chen Hui feeling? "

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "I haven't met either of them. I just heard Sun Qian mention it on YY."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Think of a way to make things easier for Chen Hui. It's really not easy for him. If the two of them can get back together, it'll be a good story."

Kong Lingyu said, "Don't worry, boss. I've arranged everything. Some of the future work between the maintenance department and the development department will be handed over to them."