Chapter 1622

In Li Mu's opinion, helping cultural relics that had been lost overseas to return to China was a public service activity that was worthy of the participation of all the people. Therefore, he hoped to use the opportunity of personal donations to trigger and promote this activity. If the donation was raised to a diplomatic event, it would be difficult to carry out the follow-up public service activities.

Moreover, Li Mu also felt that such a public service activity should be launched from the people. That way, it could be more grounded and better call on the Chinese people all over the world to work together. If it was an official statement, it would be questioned and counterproductive to a certain extent.

The director of the Palace Museum also understood the subtle difference. The reason why he asked if he should report to the Foreign Affairs Department was mainly because he did not know William's identity to donate.

If he donated as Prince William, he would have to report to the Foreign Affairs Department and even ask for their opinion, because this was a diplomatic event.

If he donated as a member of the Windsor family, there would be no need to trouble the Foreign Affairs Department at all. At most, he would just have to say hello and then make a private donation.

Since both Prince William and Li Mu were participating in the event as individuals, he naturally had nothing to worry about.

Therefore, the director could not hide his excitement and said, "In that case, let's discuss the details of the donation ceremony, such as the date, location, and which guests and media to invite."

Li Ziwei said, "The time can't be determined yet, because I have to go to Central TV in the afternoon to discuss whether we can cooperate with Central TV to make a documentary about the donation. If Central TV is okay with it, the three of us can sit down and discuss the rest."

After saying that, Li Ziwei said, "As for the location, of course, the Palace Museum is the most suitable. After all, this is where Hua Xia's imperial city has been for hundreds of years. If we can hold the ceremony and film the documentary here, we can reflect the magnificent momentum of Hua Xia's civilization without any post-production."

The director nodded repeatedly and said with a smile, "That's what I mean. When the time comes, we can set a date and the museum can announce in advance that it will be closed on that day."

Li Ziwei said, "Thank you for your cooperation, Director. When the time comes, closing the museum should be inevitable. After all, Prince William is considered a foreign political figure to a certain extent, so the security requirements are higher. Moreover, Director Li hopes to use this donation ceremony to perfectly display the Forbidden City to the overseas public, so we need a lot of video materials related to the Forbidden City."

After a pause, Li Ziwei said, "As for the media, Li Zong means that a small number of important media will be in place, such as Central TV and Makino Technology reporters, and then invite the British BBC reporters to come over. Basically, that will be enough."

The director was overjoyed. The entire Forbidden City could be said to be the culmination of Huaxia's feudal dynasty, royal architecture, and ancient civilization. If it could be displayed in front of overseas citizens through this donation ceremony, it would definitely be of great help to enhance the influence of the Forbidden City and Huaxia civilization. Therefore, he immediately said, "No problem. We will fully cooperate with everything."

…

Li Ziwei's communication with the leadership of the Palace Museum was very smooth. The negotiation that was scheduled for the whole morning was settled in less than an hour. Therefore, she hurriedly called the person in charge of Central TV and changed the time from afternoon to 11 am. The other party readily agreed, so Li Ziwei immediately drove to the headquarters of Central TV.

In the previous phone call, Li Ziwei had already conveyed Li Mu's thoughts to Central TV. After hearing that Li Mu wanted to invite them to shoot a documentary about Prince William's donation of Hua Xia's cultural relics to the Palace Museum on behalf of the Windsor family, Central TV was very interested in this invitation and the topic of the documentary.

At this time, it was the beginning of Hua Xia's economic boom. It was also the first stage of Hua Xia's emergence on the world stage. In addition, the Olympic Games would be hosted in a few years. Therefore, whether it was from the national level, the media, or the private level, it was necessary to show Hua Xia's open-mindedness and show the people of Hua Xia's spirit of accepting all rivers and welcoming the world.

At this time, if the matter of Prince William's donation of cultural relics could be pushed to the international level, then the magnificence of the Palace Museum could be shown to the world audience. It could enhance the national pride of the people internally and enhance the country's international image externally. It was killing two birds with one stone.

Because of this, the other party attached great importance to Li Ziwei's visit and regarded receiving her as the highest priority of the day.

When Li Ziwei rushed to Central TV, Li Mu was in the VIP reception room of the airport to receive Wendy Gao Bai, who had come from afar.

To Li Mu's surprise, the Goldberg family was said to have three private jets of different sizes, but Wendy Gao Bai chose to take an ordinary flight from Hua Xia to Hua Xia.

Because it was not a business jet, there was no way to pick her up in the business terminal. Therefore, Li Mu borrowed Air China's VIP reception room.

After Wendy Gao Bai successfully passed through customs, she was directly taken to the VIP reception room by the staff.

When he saw Wendy Gao Bai, Li Mu's eyes lit up at the British girl, who he had seen many times and spent a few days with.

Wendy Gao Bai was dressed very fashionably. She wore a stylish Chanel skirt and a small shirt of the same brand. With her blonde hair, angelic face, and fair and slender legs, she was simply perfect.

Even the experienced and knowledgeable Li Mu had to admit that this ladylike version of Scarlett Johansson was more attractive than the real Scarlett Johansson.

Li Mu even felt that even if Wendy Gao Bai was sent to a world ten years in the future, her outfit would not be out of date at all. It might even have the effect of seducing men.

As soon as they met, Wendy Gao Bai walked in front of Li Mu with a tender and beautiful smile on her face. She opened her arms and wanted to hug him.

Li Mu naturally did not refuse. He also extended his arms and hugged her. Then, he kissed her face, which was popular in Europe.

The faint fragrance of Wendy's perfume distracted Li Mu for a moment. Fortunately, he was also a person who had seen the world. He clenched his teeth and persevered not to make a fool of himself. Otherwise, it was very likely that she would make a fool of herself.

After kissing him left and right, Wendy smiled like a flower and said, "Mr. Li, we meet again!"

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "We meet again. Welcome to Hua Xia!"

Wendy smiled sweetly and said, "I have troubled you to personally pick me up. Thank you so much."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We can be considered old friends. There's no need to be so polite."

Wendy giggled and said, "In the future, I will be studying and living in Hua Xia for two years. I will have to trouble you for these two years. When the time comes, I hope you won't find me annoying."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In the future, if you have any problems in Hua Xia, you can contact me."

After saying that, Li Mu asked her, "You came alone?"

Wendy nodded and said with a smile, "Of course, what else?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I thought you would bring a few personal assistants."

Wendy said seriously, "I am here to study, and I also want to integrate into the university life in Hua Xia, so I decided to live in the dormitory of the international students of Yanjing University, so I didn't bring any personal assistants."

Wendy came to Hua Xia alone to study and even planned to live in the dormitory, which made Li Mu look at her in a new light. Under normal circumstances, the children of a rich family like Wendy would be extremely extravagant no matter what they did. Just look at the heir of the Hilton family, who was far less rich than the Goldberg family, but their lifestyle was extremely extravagant. Needless to say, the extravagant life of the second generation in China after they went abroad.

After being surprised, Li Mu asked her, "By the way, when will the international students of Yanjing University start school?"

Wendy said, "There are still three days to go. After that, you can live in the dormitory."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I have already asked someone to book a hotel room for you. You can stay there until you go to school."

Wendy smiled and said, "Thank you, Mr. Li."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're welcome. By the way, William is staying in the same hotel as you, and he's right next to you."

"Prince William?" Wendy said with a smile, "That's good. At least I have a companion."

Then, Wendy asked Li Mu, "By the way, Mr. Li, when will Prince William leave?"

Li Mu said, "It should be in a few days. I still have something to do in Hua Xia with him."

Looking at the time, Li Mu said, "Wendy, let's go first. William is still waiting for us to have lunch. Just leave your suitcase with my driver."

After Li Mu and Wendy came out through the VIP passage and got in the car, Wang Yuanlang also put Wendy's luggage in the car and drove them back to the hotel.

On the way, while Li Mu was chatting with Wendy, Li Ziwei called him.

On the phone, Li Ziwei gave him a brief report on the communication with the Palace Museum, and said that she was going to CCTV to talk about the documentary.

Li Mu told her, "When you communicate with Mother Yang, you have to make a few things clear to them. First, in the documentary, in addition to showing William's donation of Hua Xia's cultural relics to the Palace Museum, you have to choose a group of important cultural relics from Hua Xia that were lost overseas as representatives. You have to explain in detail the distribution of these cultural relics around the world. You have to explain the history of these cultural relics, the importance of Hua Xia's culture and history, the time when they were lost, and the reason for their loss."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Okay, Li Zong, I understand. Is there anything else?"

Li Mu said again, "Also, in Mother Yang's documentary, just point out the situation of the lost cultural relics. Don't mention the matter of calling for the people to help the lost cultural relics to return to China. This kind of thing is not suitable for Mother Yang to talk about. When the documentary is broadcast and the people have a certain understanding of the situation of the lost cultural relics, we can bring it up at the right time. This way, it will be more natural."

"Okay, I've written it down."