Chapter 385

Late at night, when "Old Boys" was still being chased by thousands of people on Tieba, Geng Yang finished downloading "Old Boys" with a dark face.

When he saw the part where Old Bai Gan was insulting Ji Shen, Geng Yang almost smashed the computer on impulse, but he still endured it. It seemed that he was waiting for Du Wei to appear again, because Geng Yang shamelessly fell in love with Du Wei in the first scene.

Finally, when the movie ended, Geng Yang's anger that he had been holding back for a long time was released. He pushed the monitor to the ground and smashed it into pieces, then cursed, "That bastard surnamed Li, I must kill him!"

Geng Jianyong saw his reaction and immediately understood. He questioned him with a cold face, "Tell me, what the hell is going on!"

It was the first time Geng Yang had seen his father so angry, so he hurriedly told him what had happened.

It was actually very simple. When Geng Yang was discussing the advertising contract with Yanjing TV, he took a fancy to a female employee named Chen Wan and started to chase after her. One day, he was met by Li Mu who came to the TV station to pick up Chen Wan. In front of Chen Wan, Li Mu made him lose face, so he held a grudge.

Then, he accidentally saw Li Mu's car, so he chased after it and beat up Li Mu's friend. But after that, he didn't see Li Mu again. Li Mu just called him to tell him that he would settle the score with him slowly, but he didn't take it seriously at all.

Never in his dreams would he have thought that Li Mu would play such a trick. It was simply too sinister.

Geng Jian bravely slapped Geng Yang's face, "I warned you long ago not to be too arrogant in Yanjing. Yanjing is a place where hidden dragons and crouching tigers are. Is it a place where you can play?

You brat, you caused such a big trouble when you went there. Now they have smashed our brand. Do you know how much damage it will bring to our family? "

Geng Yang covered his face and said angrily, "I will kill Li with my own hands!"

Geng Jianyong raised his hand and slapped him again.

"Who do you want to kill?

I, your old man, can only protect you from running amok in southern Hebei. Do you really think you can do whatever you want anywhere? "

Geng Yang panicked and asked his father loudly, "What's the point of hitting me now?

You might as well think of how to solve the problem! "

"How?

The only thing we can do now is to stop them from spreading. Who is this Li Mu? "

Geng Yang gritted his teeth and said, "He's in IT. He started a tutoring website called 3321 or something. He also started an IT company called Makino Technology. This Makino Image should also be his company."

Geng Jianyong's face darkened as he said, "Come with me first!"

Geng Yang followed Geng Jianyong back to the living room. The core members of the winery were still waiting there. Geng Jianyong's eyes looked around and finally locked onto the youngest Manager Ye and said, "Little Ye, you can be considered a top student in our winery. Let me ask you, how much do you know about 3321 and Makino Technology?"

Manager Ye graduated from a university of finance and economics in the provincial capital. He was the most educated in the winery and was also the one who had the most exposure to the internet. When he heard about 3321 and Makino Technology, he immediately said, "Chairman, I know a little about these two websites. 3321 is a non-profit website set up by students. It helps students do part-time tutoring. It's very amazing. CCTV, China Daily, and Xinhua News have all reported on it. The leaders of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee and the Ministry of Education have all visited it. It's very unusual."

"Makino Technology is the company that produced the recently popular Happy Farm. It also has a Tieba under it. In the past, there was a Yi Ting website, but it was split up. However, I saw some news in the internet industry recently. Some people said that Makino Technology is worth at least one billion, and Yi Ting website is worth at least two to three hundred million. A few days ago, Makino Technology's Happy Farm was updated again, so the valuation should be more than one billion."

When Geng Jianyong heard this, he had a general understanding. Although he didn't know what 3321 was, from Manager Ye's introduction, he could feel that 3321 was favored by the national media and high level leaders. Being on the national media was like child's play. He was just a winery owner in a third-tier city, how could he afford to offend them?

Furthermore, Makino Technology was worth more than one billion?

Ji Shen Winery had been in business for so many years and finally had annual sales of over one hundred million. However, the profit margin was only around 15%. Adding on the fast turnover of the old and new in the liquor industry, and the high cost of advertising and distribution channels, a winery that could make fifteen million a year would definitely not be able to make ten times the profit.

Although he didn't know how much this Makino Image was worth, he had no idea.

Although he didn't know how much it was worth, it could actually invite a star on the Spring Festival Gala to make a movie.

All these projects were done by Li Mu, and Li Mu happened to be the director and scriptwriter of this movie. Geng Jianyong instantly felt a headache. Although the other party was just a young man, he felt that he wasn't a match for the other party despite his decades of hard work.

Furthermore, the influence of this movie had just started, and if he didn't find a way to stop it, it would probably bring a destructive blow to the Ji Shen Winery.

Geng Jianyong looked at Geng Yang and roared, "Call Li Mu now and apologize first. Then bring up the matter of compensating his friend. Ask him how much he wants to compensate. You don't even need to consider if it's less than one million. Just agree immediately. After you're done talking, bring up the movie again and beg him to get the TV station to delete this scene."

Geng Yang instantly became anxious, "Compensate him one million?

Are you crazy?

I wouldn't give that money to him even if it was fed to a dog! "

Geng Jianyong frowned and looked at him exasperatedly. "You speak as if you're paying for it yourself. Don't forget that it's my money that you're spending, and it's also my money that you're buying that expensive car!

You've caused trouble, and it's still my money that I'm spending to clean up your mess!

You have to solve this matter by tomorrow morning. After that, don't even think about going back to Beijing. Go to the bottom level of the winery and work hard to hone your character. If you can't solve it, from today onwards, you're not allowed to go anywhere, and I won't give you a single cent! "

Geng Yang had just been slapped twice by his own father, and now he was scolded in front of so many people. He was even forced to apologize to Li Mu. He was so angry that he turned around and walked out, ignoring Geng Jianyong's shouts behind him. He got into his Ferrari without saying a word, started the car, and drove back to Beijing.

He hated Li Mu to the core. If he knew where Li Mu was now, he would probably drive directly to him to settle the score. However, he knew very little about Li Mu's situation, and he couldn't stay at home anymore. He could only go to Beijing first and find Tang Quan to think about it. Tang Quan also had a grudge with Li Mu, so he asked him to help him think of a solution.

…

The next morning, while Li Mu was still asleep, Ning Hao called Li Mu. Li Mu answered in a daze and heard Ning Hao's hoarse voice saying excitedly, "Boss, our movie has really become a hit this time!"

Li Mu asked with a lisp, "I knew about it last night, and you only found out today?"

"Yeah!

I only found out about it when a bunch of people called me just now. "

Ning Hao didn't know about yesterday's data on Easy Hearing and Tieba, so he wasn't sure how much of an impact "Old Boys" had had. However, from seven in the morning, a bunch of calls kept coming in, catching him off guard.

All the calls were from the major TV stations, and quite a number of them were from the TV stations that had premiered "Old Boys". The reason for their calls was simple: They wanted to be the first to rebroadcast "Old Boys" and fight for the priority rebroadcast rights.

The premiere broadcast at eight o 'clock last night was broadcast by twenty-one TV stations at the same time. When it was broadcasted last night, the viewership ratings of the various TV stations kept rising. Moreover, after the program ended, a large number of viewers called to ask when they would rebroadcast the movie. The reason was simple. It was so good that they couldn't wait to watch it a second time, but they were afraid that they would miss the broadcast time.

But the problem was that when Makino Image first authorized the movie, they only authorized the first broadcast and not the rebroadcast. Furthermore, it was stated in the contract that no TV station was allowed to rebroadcast the movie without permission, or else they would be held responsible.

This was also a threshold that Li Mu deliberately set at the beginning. The first broadcast could be free, but the terms of the rebroadcast had to be discussed in detail. If "Old Boys" could cause a fight after it was broadcasted, then of course, they would have to take out the rebroadcast rights to hype it up. In fact, every TV station could actually get the chance to rebroadcast it for free. In order to spread his influence, Li Mu would not set a threshold on this, but whoever was one step ahead of others would have to depend on their strength.

Li Mu said, "Tell them first. We'll fax them the authorization document and authorize them to replay it at ten o 'clock tonight. If anyone wants to replay it before ten o' clock, they can set the conditions. If it's suitable, we'll authorize them to broadcast it earlier."

Ning Hao said, "Then I'll inform them as soon as possible and try to settle it before noon."

Li Mu said, "Pay attention to Xiangnan TV station. If their intention is very strong, we might as well communicate with their interlocutor. We can give them a certain preferential treatment and let them broadcast it first in exchange for a favor."

Ning Hao asked Li Mu, "Boss, are you very optimistic about Xiangnan Satellite TV?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "They're doing very well in the provincial TV station now. In the future, Makino Image needs a solid relationship with the local TV stations. It's not a bad thing to give them a favor first."

Li Mu's plan for Makino Image was aimed at three aspects:

First, to make a big movie, we can't miss the future era of the cultural and entertainment market;

Second, to make a cinema chain, this is the key factor that will affect the domestic box office in the future;

Third, to make a variety show that can become popular all over the world. After making a few variety shows that become popular, we can directly do authorization and make money all over the world. And most importantly, whether it's a talent show or a reality show, it's the best platform to create stars. With these games, it would be easy to promote a newcomer. "The Voice", "Superboy", "Girl's Voice", "Running Man", "The Amazing Race", "I Am a Singer", "Got Talent", etc., there are too many modes that can be played.