Chapter 1474

The preliminary plan for the Water Town project was unanimously approved by the city leaders. The approval of the preliminary plan meant that the overall framework had been agreed upon. Next, the city leaders would not interfere with the entire construction process of the project. As long as the Water Town didn't deviate from today's plan, Wanying Real Estate would have the absolute right to decide the rest.

What the city was going to focus on next was the support and assistance needed for the entire project to be launched. After all, this was a large-scale cultural tourism real estate project that the city was fully supporting. According to the leaders, the city would provide all reasonable assistance to ensure that this project could be launched better and faster.

This also meant that the Water Town project could officially start construction.

Li Mu handed the follow-up work to Wanying Real Estate's team. Among them, Wei Lan and Song Liang were the main people in charge. Wei Lan had a strong view of the overall situation, and she had a broad vision and foresight. Song Liang had high execution ability, and was good at coordinating relationships as well as controlling the construction of the real estate project. Therefore, with the two of them working together, Li Mu basically had nothing to worry about.

After the meeting ended, Li Mu had a separate meeting with the city leaders. In this meeting, Li Mu presented his film and television base plan to them.

When the city leaders first heard that Li Mu wanted to build a film and television base, they didn't think much of it at first. Li Mu was the most famous entrepreneur in Beijing, and he was also the world-class business card of Beijing's enterprise development. If Li Mu wanted to build a film and television base in Beijing, the city would naturally give the green light. In other words, in the eyes of the city leaders, there was no need for Li Mu to personally introduce the project to them. It was just a film and television base, no matter how big it was, how big could it be?

A few thousand mu of land was already impressive enough.

However, when Li Mu really started to introduce the project, the city leaders were all shocked by Li Mu.

The first stage was ten square kilometers …

The second stage was thirty square kilometers …

The third stage was seventy square kilometers …

The fourth stage was a hundred square kilometers …

A film and television base of a hundred square kilometers, what was he going to do with it?

The city leader was dumbfounded and said to Li Mu, "The area of your film and television base is several times larger than the total area of the capital airport's three terminals combined …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's indeed the case in terms of total area. We want to build a Hua Xia film and television production base in Beijing to achieve a one-stop service from project preparation, filming, post-editing, and special effects production."

The leader of the Ministry of Culture asked Li Mu, "I don't think it's advantageous to develop the film industry in Beijing.

The land in Beijing is scarce, and the cost of land is high. If we want to build a large-scale film and television base, land resources will be a big problem. "

Li Mu said, "Actually, looking at the trend of global economic development, industrial concentration is the trend of all industries. The US has Silicon Valley, Hollywood, and now we have Zhongguancun. Needless to say, Silicon Valley's position in the world's internet industry goes without saying. It gathers the world's top high-tech enterprises and top high-tech talents. This kind of industrial concentration will greatly strengthen the industry's advantage, especially the talent advantage. More than half of the world's top high-tech talents are in the US, and most of them are in Silicon Valley."

"It's the same for Zhongguancun. Beijing has been supporting the internet high-tech enterprises for a long time. They set up development zones and formulated subsidies and preferential support policies for these enterprises. This allowed Zhongguancun to attract more than half of the internet enterprises in the country, thus turning Zhongguancun into Hua Xia's mini Silicon Valley. Now, most of the computer related talents in the country are gathering in Beijing, and the resources in the internet industry are also gathering in Beijing. With all the resources and talents gathered in Beijing, Beijing naturally became the best choice for start-ups. This keeps snowballing, and Zhongguancun's influence in the internet industry will only grow. This is the advantage of industrial concentration."

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "As for the movie industry, we can look at the operating model of Hollywood. Hollywood is the same as Silicon Valley, a standard example of industrial concentration. Not only does it gather almost all the major film and television companies and build the world's largest film and television base, but it also gathers the world's best actors, directors, screenwriters, and other professionals. Even the post-production and computer special effects of the film and television industry are also leading the world. These advantages ultimately form not only Hollywood's industrial advantage in the film industry, but also Hollywood's unique advantage in the tourism industry, and also the huge cultural advantage of the entire American culture to the world through the film industry."

The city leader asked Li Mu, "Is Wanying Real Estate planning to build a Hollywood of Hua Xia in Beijing?"

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Not only Wanying Real Estate, but also Makino Technology, Makino Image, and Taobao Technology."

The city leader asked again, "Then what do you think is the advantage of this project?"

Li Mu said truthfully, "The advantage is that the film and television industry in Hua Xia is highly concentrated. Now that the total amount of domestic film and television production is increasing, this is a test of the overall carrying capacity of domestic film and television resources. For example, the more popular Qing Palace dramas, from 'Princess Pearl' to now, all kinds of Qing Palace dramas continue to be released, but behind this, a large number of Qing Palace dramas can't be launched because of hardware problems. They can only wait, or give up, there is almost no third way to choose."

"Hardware problems?"

"That's right, this hardware problem mainly refers to the filming location."

Li Mu said, "After 'Princess Pearl' became popular, the audience's demand for palace dramas has never been higher. A large number of film companies and satellite TV stations are interested in shooting palace dramas, but there are too few places in the country that are suitable for this kind of palace dramas. Near Beijing is the Summer Resort, and south is Hengdian Studios. The Summer Resort itself is a tourist attraction, so the capacity of the production crew is limited. Therefore, most of the palace drama production crews in the country are running to Hengdian to grab the limited hardware resources."

The leader of the Ministry of Culture said, "I know a little about Hengdian. They are developing very quickly now, and the local government is very supportive. The local economic development level is not high, and the cost of land and construction is far lower than Beijing. Overall, I think Hengdian should be developing very quickly."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Hengdian is just starting to centralize the industry. Although Hengdian is developing faster, it has a very big drawback, which is that it is far from Beijing and Shanghai, especially Beijing. It is a waste of manpower and resources for actors and production crews to move to Hengdian. Most of the best actors and actresses in the country live in Beijing. If the film base can be located near Beijing, it will save a lot of time, money, and resources for the production crew."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "Another very important problem is that Hengdian can only focus on the hardware of the film base, such as building a Ming and Qing dynasty palace complex, a Republic of China style building complex, and a Qin imperial palace complex. But these are only the hardware. All the production crews shooting in Hengdian have to rush to Hengdian from all directions, and then film in Hengdian, and finally bring the entire film to Beijing or Shanghai for post-production. Hengdian is far from being a 'one-stop' solution for film and television production. Our film base project is to build a real 'one-stop' solution for the domestic film and television production needs in Beijing. At that time, the production crews can set up here, film here, hire extras here, and carry out post-production here. This way, Hengdian will not have much influence."

A leader said, "We can understand Hollywood's model, and we can also understand the concept of a one-stop service, but this doesn't need tens of square kilometers of land!

What will such a large area be used for? "

Li Mu switched the PowerPoint to the overall structural planning page and said, "We are thinking of building at least dozens of large-scale film and television sets. For example, we can imitate the Summer Palace here, or even the Forbidden City. We can also build streets with different styles of different eras and regions, or even surreal scenes with science fiction and supernatural themes. In short, we will try our best to cater to the needs of the production crews."

"Apart from that, we will also build supporting tourism facilities in the entire film base. Some large-scale scenes with different styles will be used to meet the needs of various film and television series. Not only that, in our plan, we will build an office area and a living area inside the film base to provide office and business space for small and medium-sized enterprises in the film and television industry. We will also provide more comprehensive services for the production crews, such as equipment rental, film and television costume and prop production, and catering for the production crews. More importantly, we will also attract the film and television post-production companies to our film base project. There might be a TV series being filmed on a set two streets away, and we have already begun to roughly edit and modify the previously filmed content here. This way, we can greatly reduce the filming time and costs of each production crew."

"All the investment in the scenes, in addition to being rented to the production crews for filming, can be opened to the public for a fee during the non-filming time, so that they can visit and experience the actual scenes of various TV series. This will then drive the tourism income of the entire film and television base."

After saying this, Li Mu paused for a moment and said, "In my opinion, the most suitable city in the country to build a large-scale film and television base is Yan Jing. Yan Jing has a strong cultural heritage, convenient urban transportation, and rich tourism resources. With so many tourists every year, Yan Jing itself is a potential source of customers for the film and television base, which can quickly attract a large number of tourists to the film and television base. Not only that, we also have the most film and television talents in the country, and there are also four leading film and television schools, including the Yan Jing Film Academy, the Central Academy of Drama, the Hua Xia Media University, and the Yan Jing Normal University's School of Arts and Media.