Chapter 1008

Although Xie Yun's words were polite, her tone was full of dissatisfaction, which made the taxi driver very surprised.

The driver didn't turn off the radio. He just lowered the volume and said politely, "I'm sorry for disturbing you."

At this time, the radio was still talking about Li Mu. Xie Yun was particularly annoyed, so she said to the driver again, "Please turn off the radio. I don't want to listen to this."

The driver was surprised and had to turn off the radio. However, he felt that Xie Yun's request was a little unreasonable. After a moment of silence, the driver couldn't help but ask, "Are you from another city?"

Xie Yun frowned. "I just got off the plane. What do you think?"

The taxi driver said with a smile, "You might be a local or a foreigner who has been living in Beijing for a long time. But I don't think you are either of these two types of people."

Xie Yun couldn't help but ask him, "Why?

Are passengers who don't want to listen to the radio not people who have been living in Beijing for a long time? "

"That's not it."

The taxi driver said, "How many people like to listen to the radio nowadays? The key is what the radio is broadcasting. You should know who Li Mu is on the radio just now, right?"

When Xie Yun heard him mention Li Mu, she snorted and said, "Of course I know who he is. He's the pride of the Internet. But what does this have to do with whether I have been living in Beijing for a long time or not?"

The driver said, "People who have been living in Beijing for a long time have a sense of pride for Li Mu. They won't be like you, disdainful of him."

Xie Yun didn't expect Li Mu to have such a strong influence in Beijing. She was stunned for a moment and then gave up arguing with the taxi driver. She sat in the back seat alone and sulked silently.

Ever since she knew that Li Mu had a girlfriend in the National People's Congress, Xie Yun had been suppressing a violent anger in her heart.

For Xie Yun, who was born in a scholarly family and had been a teacher in a university for many years, she had never experienced such anger before. But Li Mu did it this time.

Although Xie Yun looked very gentle, cultured, and cultivated, she was also a very arrogant person. However, compared to most people, her arrogance was not to bully others. Instead, it was about principles and dignity.

Her original attitude towards Li Mu was that no matter whether Li Mu was capable or not, no matter whether he was rich or not, as long as her daughter liked him and he was sincere to her, she would approve of him and hope that he and her daughter could get better and better. Later, she learned that Li Mu's ability and strength were outstanding, which was really an unexpected gain.

However, she didn't expect that Li Mu would be two-timing with her daughter, which triggered the arrogance in her bones. In her opinion, her daughter was excellent both internally and externally, and she and her husband had also given her a good material foundation and social foundation. Therefore, she felt that no one in the world was qualified to be fickle with her daughter. No matter how excellent Li Mu was, he couldn't be. The daughter of the Zhao family, the pearl of the Zhao family, should be the pearl of the Zhao family no matter where she went.

With this kind of emotion, Xie Yun was naturally extremely dissatisfied with Li Mu.

…

At this moment, Zhao Ziqiu, who was waiting for Xie Yun at the University of Beijing, was feeling particularly perturbed.

She didn't sleep last night, thinking about how to explain to her mother when she came today.

After thinking about it, she couldn't think of a suitable solution.

Strictly speaking, she was indeed not Li Mu's real girlfriend, not even a girlfriend that Li Mu publicly admitted. To put it bluntly, she was the mistress between Li Mu and Su Yingxue, his lover. But how could she explain it to her mother?

She didn't know how angry and disappointed she would be at that time.

But this was not the worst problem. The worst thing was that Zhao Ziqiu couldn't think of a suitable solution at all.

This time, her mother's attitude was very clear. She was going to solve this problem, which meant that her mother would definitely not allow her to continue to maintain this kind of lover relationship with Li Mu. But what would her solution be?

If her mother forced her to leave Li Mu, she would definitely not agree, because she loved Li Mu too much. Even if she was his lover, she was not willing to draw a clear line with him. If she could draw a clear line with Li Mu, how could she take the initiative to offer herself to him?

If she forced Li Mu to make a choice between her and Su Yingxue, it would be difficult for her to accept it. Because this was too contradictory for her. On the one hand, she didn't want to stand in an immoral position and compete with Su Yingxue. On the other hand, she would worry that Li Mu wouldn't choose her in the end.

However, Zhao Ziqiu was also very clear that if she followed these two ifs, the only feasible way was to continue to maintain the status quo. But this had a huge conflict with her mother's request, because what she wanted was nothing more than one of these two results: Either she left Li Mu, or Li Mu gave her a clear identity as his girlfriend.

How to ease, mediate, and solve the current problem became the biggest problem that Zhao Ziqiu encountered in her life.

… …

The taxi that Xie Yun took stopped in front of Zhao Ziqiu. When Zhao Ziqiu saw her mother's black face in the car, she was extremely nervous.

Seeing Zhao Ziqiu standing outside the car with a panic and looking at her through the window, Xie Yun felt a sudden pain in her heart.

Zhao Ziqiu had never shown such an expression in front of her in her life. Seeing her panic and her dark eye circles, Xie Yun's anger instantly turned into heartache.

Xie Yun opened the car door and said to Zhao Ziqiu outside the door, "Get in the car and go home with me."

Zhao Ziqiu was stunned and didn't get in the car. Instead, she asked in a panic, "Mom, which home are we going to?"

At this moment, Zhao Ziqiu was afraid that her mother would be disappointed with her and take her back to Hangzhou from Yan Jing because of her.

Xie Yun saw through Zhao Ziqiu's mind at a glance. She sighed helplessly and said, "Go to Ziyun Villa. Don't do anything these days. Stay with me."

Zhao Ziqiu's worried heart was instantly relieved. She nodded hurriedly and got in the car.

Sitting in the back seat with her mother, Zhao Ziqiu felt very nervous. She wanted to say something several times, but she didn't know what to say. She could only sit in the seat with her head down and think about things without moving.

Xie Yun had planned to sing a song for Zhao Ziqiu when she saw her, but she didn't expect that Zhao Ziqiu's pitiful look made her unable to be ruthless. At this time, she was full of anger and didn't know how to vent it.

Therefore, Xie Yun had to ask her, "Are you busy with your studies recently?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said, "Our schoolwork arrangements have always been just right. There's a balance between tension and relaxation."

Xie Yun nodded gently and sighed, "It's hard to grasp the balance. The most terrible thing is to not grasp the 'balance' well."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Mom, you're right …"

Xie Yun sighed softly and didn't say anything more. This kind of awkward conversation made her feel very uncomfortable. She felt that no matter what, she shouldn't make the relationship between her and her daughter so awkward. No matter what mistakes she made or how much she suffered, she was her own flesh and blood. She had to let her understand that she would always stand with her.

After a short silence, the taxi stopped at the gate of Ziyun Villa. Xie Yun got out of the car with Zhao Ziqiu. After they entered the villa, Xie Yun, who was sitting on the sofa, said to Zhao Ziqiu softly, "Ziqiu, sit down and talk with mom for a while."

Zhao Ziqiu was flustered, but she immediately nodded and sat down next to her mother.

After sitting down, Xie Yun reached out her hands and held Zhao Ziqiu's hands tightly. She looked at her with a distressed expression and asked softly, "Tell me, what did you do to make that guy Li Mu treat you like this?"

Zhao Ziqiu thought that when she got home, she would inevitably be reprimanded by her mother first. She didn't expect that her mother would be so distressed for her. She choked with tears and said, "Mom, I'm not stupid. I just like him …"

This was the answer that Xie Yun was most afraid of. She sighed and said, "It's okay for you to like him, but no matter how much you like him, you have to respect yourself. You know that he has a childhood sweetheart in the National People's Congress. Why are you still so loyal to him?"

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her eyelids and said in a low voice, "I think that if you like him, you should fight for it. That's the way to respect yourself …"

Xie Yun almost immediately became anxious and blurted out, "Child, why did you …"

Before Xie Yun could finish her words, Zhao Ziqiu wiped her tears and said something shocking, "Mom, in fact, I already knew that Li Mu had a girlfriend. I knew it before I had any substantial progress with him."

Xie Yun became even more anxious. "You knew that he had a girlfriend. How could you still let him …"

Xie Yun couldn't say the rest of her words, but the meaning was clear.

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips for a long time. She said with shame, anxiety, and extra seriousness, "Mom, you always think that Li Mu did something to me, but the reality is not what you think."

Xie Yun asked, "What's wrong?"

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her head and said, "At that time, I wasn't thinking about whether or not to let him do something, but how to make him do it. Because I really like Li Mu too much, I can't accept that I won't have any emotional connection with him in the future. So, even if what I did was wrong, I have no regrets …"

Xie Yun felt dizzy. For a moment, she could only stare blankly at Zhao Ziqiu, unable to say a word.

She was really too surprised. She suddenly felt that she didn't understand the daughter that she had raised for 20 years.