Chapter 163

"A bunch of f * cking stupid pigs. They're still counting the money after being sold. This batch of machines that the Student Aid Gang got, the monitors are refurbished, the motherboards and optical drives are all fake, and the memory, graphics card, and CPU are all defective. If you don't believe me, look at the plastic on the back cover of the monitors. Is it much newer than the plastic on the frame?

Are the workmanship of the motherboards and optical drives very bad?

Pull out the memory card and graphics card and see if there are a lot of wear and tear on the ports. It doesn't look like they've only been plugged in once. "

The Skinning King's reply immediately attracted dozens of replies. Most of these dozens of replies were insulting him and defending Sun Tan. Only a small portion expressed doubt. However, there were also many people who came out on their own to ask if the Skinning King's previous revelation was true.

After a few minutes, someone replied, "F * ck!

The monitors really don't look right. The motherboards and optical drives don't look like they're made by big manufacturers. The plastic edges are prickly to the touch. Also, the inserts for the memory card and graphics card are more worn. One look and you can tell that they've been plugged in and out more than once or twice!

Other than the CPU and hard disk, there's something wrong with the other parts!

F * ck, I want a refund! "

Then, another person replied, "Bastard, the sound of my optical drive is louder than a tractor. It's obvious that something like a screw or a piece of plastic fell into it. It's making a clattering sound!"

Another person said, "Mine is the same. The optical drive is so lousy. After pressing the start button a few times, it's stuck!

It's definitely a fake! "

At this time, the Skinner King opened a separate post. The title was, "Student Aid Gang. Are they helping students or scamming them?"

In the post, the Skinner King reposted the exposed content of the previous reply and added, "Students who have questions about what I've said can bring their hardware to the stores of various brands to ask. We're so close to Zhongguancun, and it's only a few steps to get there. It's better to confirm it first to feel more at ease."

Then, the Skinner King revealed something else. "The Student Aid Gang is a vampire of part-time students. They're unscrupulous labor traffickers."

In this post, Skinning King revealed that all the part-time jobs that the Student Aid Gang introduced to the students outside of school were all taken as kickbacks from the employers. Even organizing students to participate in the program recording was also using the students to achieve the goal of making money. Every television station would pay the audience for their hard work, but all of this money was pocketed by the Student Aid Gang's Sun Tan and Wu Shuai.

The entire One Scoop Pool was in an uproar. Many students who saw the post immediately went to inform the students who had just bought their computers. The speed at which the news spread was unimaginable.

Before Sun of Sun could finish distributing the machines, the whole school knew about it...

Wu Shuai watched from the balcony as Sun Tan and Li Mu chatted happily. He was furious and decided to hide in the dormitory. Since he had nothing to do, he logged on to One Ladle Poolside to see if there were any new replies to the post where he voluntarily quit the Student Union.

However, as soon as he entered the forum, he was shocked to the point that he almost fell to the ground.

After reading the exposed posts, Wu Shuai only had one thought in his mind. 'It's over, the Student Aid Gang is finished.'

Then, he felt that it was over for him too.

All the Student Aid Gang's money-making secrets were exposed. Introducing students to part-time jobs, bringing them to participate in all kinds of activities that paid people to keep up appearances, selling them all kinds of products that looked cheap but were actually very deceptive. Once these secrets were exposed, the whole school would be enraged. More importantly, the Student Aid Gang's position in the school's management would plummet!

Wu Shuai even felt that if this matter got out of hand, he would most likely have to bear the responsibility.

Therefore, Wu Shuai immediately registered a new account and replied to all the posts that mentioned him. The replies were basically the same. "The original poster has misunderstood Wu Shuai. Actually, this is all Sun Tan's doing. Wu Shuai and the other members of the Student Aid Gang are just his tools."

After replying to these, Wu Shuai heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, there weren't many posts against him. Almost all of them were against Sun Tan. Occasionally, one or two posts would mention him. It seemed that Sun Tan was the most troublesome person at the moment.

Once he thought about how this guy would actually force him to compromise for his own benefit, Wu Shuai felt a surge of hatred in his heart. Then, looking at all the posts that exposed him, he actually felt a lot more carefree.

After Sun Tan was done distributing the computers, all that was left was for the technicians to take turns to install the computers. Just as he heaved a sigh of relief, he said to Li Mu with a smile, "You see, the Student Aid Gang is actually not much worse than 3321. In fact, they complement each other perfectly."

Li Mu smiled. "I'm also interested in our future cooperation because I'm interested in the Student Aid Gang."

Sun Tan smiled. "The Student Aid Gang is also very influential, and it involves many projects. In the future, when we work with 3321, we can also move many of the things that the Student Aid Gang does online."

Just as Sun Tan was looking forward to it, a first-year male student ran up to Sun Tan with two roommates, carrying two large cardboard boxes. He placed the boxes on the ground and said, "Senior Sun, I want a refund!"

"A refund?" Sun Tan couldn't help but frown. "The computer was just installed today. How long have you been using it?"

The male student said angrily, "Your computer is purely a scam. There's a problem with the monitor, the CD-ROM motherboard, the graphics card, and the RAM!"

Sun Tan's head buzzed, but he quickly forced himself to calm down. He warned the male student, "Junior, don't slander us. Our Student Aid Gang is purely helping out on a voluntary basis so that you can buy the computer at the most suitable price …"

"I want a refund too!"

Before Sun Tan could finish speaking, another group of people carrying boxes came up to him.

"Me too, I want a refund too!"

Sun Tan had no idea that while he was harvesting the worship of the students, One Spoon Side had already publicized his evil deeds.

At this moment, one of Sun Tan's followers received a call. He immediately came up to Sun Tan and whispered a few words in his ear.

Sun Tan's face instantly turned pale. He said in a low voice, "Go back to the dormitory." Then, he pushed away the crowd surrounding him and rushed back to the dormitory.

It took Sun Tan half an hour to finish reading all the information about himself on One Scoop Pool. Unfortunately, he realized it too late. The comments on One Scoop Pool had become one-sided. When the Skinner King first exposed him, there were still many who spoke up for him. However, as more and more victims and their roommates exposed him online, those who trusted him quickly changed sides.

In a moment of desperation, Sun Tan immediately called the founder of One Spoon Side. The founder was also a fourth-year student at the National People's Congress and a member of the Student Union. Sun Tan immediately asked him to turn off One Spoon Side. The founder hurriedly went online to check and realized that Sun Tan had already become a street rat that everyone wanted to beat up. He hurriedly stopped all external access to One Spoon Side and then brought his laptop to Sun Tan's dormitory.

Sun Tan asked him to analyze the IP of all the relevant posts. He wanted to know where the people who exposed him came from, which ones were from within the National People's Congress, and which ones were not from the National People's Congress. However, once the forum was shut down, the students were in an uproar. Those who knew that they had been scammed quickly informed those who had also bought computers. More than two hundred students brought their roommates and used their bodies and computers to form several layers of encirclement. They surrounded the two box trucks driven by the profiteers and demanded that they return the goods. Otherwise, they would not be allowed to leave.

The merchants panicked. Before they came, they had specially communicated with the Industrial and Commercial Bank next to the National People's Congress. After the goods were counted, the bank's security guards, staff, and distributors would escort them to the bank for deposit. However, they did not expect to encounter such a situation right after the money was deposited.

The boss who supplied the goods to the student aid gang was called Huang Lishan. He was a local in Beijing and had been in the hardware business for two years. He knew a lot of tricks and was very adept at it. However, he did not expect to meet with such a setback in the school today.

With so many angry students surrounding him, not only could he not leave, but he also did not dare to call the police. There were fakes and refurbished goods in every machine here. If the police came and saw that the matter had blown up, they would definitely not let him go.

However, being surrounded by so many angry students, he was also afraid that the students would not be able to control themselves. If someone took the lead, he might be injured today. Therefore, he could only hide in the car and think of a solution.

The students shouted in unison outside the car, "Profiteers, refund the money!"

Huang Lishan could not stand it anymore. He knew that it would be difficult for him to get out of the school today. He wanted to quickly find a way to settle the matter. Otherwise, once the school was alerted, he would really be out of luck. If the school called the police and the Industrial and Commercial Bank respectively, he would really be finished.

Left with no choice, Huang Lishan called Sun Tan and asked for a refund. He was willing to refund all the money he had spent on the machines to the students, but Sun Tan had to pay a deposit of five hundred dollars for each machine. What he meant was that Sun Tan had to take out that money to pay for all the money he had lost.

Sun Tan agreed, but he asked Huang Lishan to pay in full first, and then he would give him the deposit of more than 100,000 yuan.

Huang Lishan was also not willing.

Although he had been working with Sun Tan for a long time, there had never been such a big problem. From today's situation, he could not count on Sun Tan to help him sell goods in the future. Therefore, now was the time to fight for their own interests. If Sun Tan did not take out the money, he could not pay for it himself. Otherwise, if Sun Tan reneged on the debt, what should he do?

This guy was a local tyrant and had a certain background.

Sun Tan's attention was all on the IP, so he said to Huang Lishan, "I don't have time to go over now. You refund the money you received first, and tell the students that I will refund the deposit."

After saying that, Sun Tan hung up the phone. The founder next to him said, "The Skimmer King's IP is in Yanjing. I found an internet cafe six or seven kilometers away from our school. The other National People's Congress IP are in our National People's Congress school IP. I looked at the user information of those school IP users. Most of them have been registered for a long time, but there is an IP that was registered this afternoon."

"What IP?

Has the IP he registered logged into other accounts? "

"Yes."

"Who is it?

What comments did he make? "

"That IP is called Polish Your Eyes. The comments basically said that the problem of the student aid group is all on you, not on Wu Shuai or anyone else."

"What are the other accounts that have logged into that IP?"