Chapter 1303

Within a day, a billion yuan of donations, and countless companies and organizations competing to send their cooperation intentions, could be said to be a miracle in the field of Hua Xia's charity.

However, the miracle of "immortal veterans" was just the beginning!

As the influence of the press conference continued to spread, while the public paid attention to the veterans, Li Mu also became the hottest topic on the Internet.

This time, Li Mu used practical actions that exceeded everyone's expectations and slapped the faces of those who had spread the rumors. All the negative comments on the Internet were almost wiped out. They were not deleted, but they were scolded by all the netizens. A large number of netizens who had spread the rumors before were shocked and moved by Li Mu. They sincerely apologized on the Internet and reflected deeply on their actions.

There had never been a celebrity who could slap the face so cleanly and cleanly when faced with rumors, completely overturning all doubts and framing in one go. Li Mu did it, and he made sure that there was no longer any negative news on the Internet!

Previously, the hot post on Tieba, "Li Mu, you've changed. You've become a stranger."

The female university student posted another post on Li Mu's Tieba. The title of the post was "Li Mu, I'm sorry!

I'm sorry!!

I'm sorry!!! "

The female university student who loved Li Mu deeply and blamed him deeply made a deep self-reflection in the first sentence of the post. She said, "I was short-sighted and blinded by a leaf. When I saw Li Mu hanging out with those rich kids, I thought that Li Mu had changed. However, the truth proved that Li Mu's height was beyond my imagination. When I misunderstood him superficially, he led a group of hot-blooded people to carry out such a hot-blooded charity project. Compared to him, I was really ashamed and ashamed of my own inferiority."

The female university student really woke up and thought that Li Mu had indeed changed. However, he had not become what she thought, but had become more noble. For so many years, the whole society did not pay attention to the special group of veterans, but Li Mu did and did so much for them. Most importantly, through Li Mu's actions, society really woke up. Compared to other groups in society who needed help and care, the veterans were the most urgent group.

The netizens forgave the female university student on behalf of Li Mu, because everyone knew that she did not slander Li Mu for the sake of slandering him. She really had great expectations for Li Mu, which was why she had such a misunderstanding. Many people were like her. They did not have bad intentions, but they were disappointed. However, now that everything was clear, they immediately changed their views and sincerely reflected and apologized on the Internet.

Although they knew that Li Mu would not personally reply to her apology, everyone still left comments below and maintained a line: Touch the original poster, and Li Mu will definitely not blame you!

No one expected that when this post reached more than 10,000 replies, Li Mu suddenly used his own Tieba account to reply: Thank the original poster and other people like her for their personal supervision and spur on me. I am not noble, but I just hope to do something within my ability for the country and the people. My ability alone is limited, and I hope that everyone can work together and contribute their strength to the country and the people!

Li Mu's personal reply immediately blew up the entire Tieba and the Internet. Major media also captured the online interaction between Li Mu and the girl and made the whole matter into a news report. Suddenly, the people felt that Li Mu was a real person, and their impression of him improved a little.

At the same time, the news continued to spread, and the donations received also increased.

It was another morning, and overnight, the donations increased by another 260 million, and it was still growing. When it was close to noon, the speed of donations to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation through the bank account had obviously increased a lot.

A conservative estimate was that by 12 o 'clock tonight, the donations from Alipay and bank cards would reach at least 1.7 billion, which had already greatly exceeded Li Mu's expectations. Originally, he was worried that he would not have enough money to spend, but with the 100 million invested by himself and two companies, and the 86 million donated by the CSC Club, after deducting the current expenses, the total amount on the books would reach more than 1.8 billion, close to 1.9 billion.

By tomorrow, the scale of the capital pool would be more than 2 billion!

If the popularity could continue for a week, it would not be a big problem for the capital to exceed 3 billion.

It was estimated that there should be a total of 20,000 to 30,000 surviving anti-Japanese war veterans in the country. A capital pool of 3 billion was equivalent to 100,000 per person. Coupled with so many companies that were willing to provide various resources, it meant that when the project started, the capital and material problems had been completely solved. If this situation continued, the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation's capital pool would greatly exceed the overall needs.

The entire staff of the foundation was extremely excited, and Liu Xinying seemed to have found the greatest achievement in her life. She was moved to tears several times in front of Li Mu.

The crazy support of the people gave everyone great comfort, and it also gave the surviving veterans of the country an extremely strong psychological comfort and financial guarantee.

However, the crazy support of the people also brought more problems to Li Mu, the most direct one being money.

Li Mu did some calculations. If the scale of 3 billion was used as an example, and the consumption cycle was 20 years, then in most of the future, there would be a large amount of idle funds in the foundation's capital pool. It would be at least 2 billion.

If more than 2 billion was used for investment and financing, it could bring at least 7 to 8% of the foundation's income a year. If it was done properly, it could even exceed 15%. In that case, this money would not need to be moved at all. Only the annual net profit from financial investment would be enough to meet the expenses of the entire foundation. If the social donation entrance was not closed, there might be hundreds of millions of donations every year. At that time, the entire fund on the books of the entire foundation would probably keep increasing.

Roughly speaking, it was actually a good thing that the foundation's capital pool was getting bigger and bigger. However, for a charity foundation with a clear service target, a huge surplus of funds was instead a troublesome thing.

If the money was spent indiscriminately, the people would not agree, and Li Mu would not agree. If it was not spent indiscriminately, what would happen to the money saved in the end?

It was all donations from the people of the country. If all the veterans passed away, there would still be billions of charity funds left on the books. At that time, this money would become a thorny problem. It was impossible to keep it.

The mission of the foundation had been completed. Why should the money be kept? It was also impossible to return it.

The funds had been snowballing over the years. There were donations spanning more than ten or twenty years, and there was income from financial management. If there was no financial management, there was also a huge interest settlement. However, after so many years of expenses, there must be a lot of losses, which meant that it was impossible to return the money donated by everyone. So, how could the money be refunded?

Which money should be returned?

If this charity fund was donated to other foundations and let them use this money to do other charities, it would sound good, but most charity foundations lacked credibility. Li Mu did not want the passionate charity donated by the people to become the coffers of some rats or be quietly diverted for other purposes.

Therefore, Li Mu felt that he had to communicate with Liu Xinying and take out his long-term plan in advance.

Before he could take time to communicate with Liu Xinying, Li Mu received a notification: Baidu, Sina, NetEase, and Shanda, these four Internet companies, had jointly donated 100 million yuan to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. They were purely donating, and they did not go through Li Mu's cooperative donation channel. In other words, they were not trying to take advantage of the current social popularity of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation.

Li Zong of Baidu, who had interacted with Li Mu before, called Li Mu and told him very sincerely that this was a decision made by the CEOs of several Internet companies after a joint call. Li Mu was the absolute pioneer and navigator of the Internet industry in Hua Xia. He could personally do such a great charity project. As Internet people, they naturally had to actively respond to the call of an example.

Li Zong's words moved Li Mu very much.

Although the Internet people in Hua Xia basically relied on absorbing overseas capital and imitating overseas projects in the early days, and they more or less had some original sins, overall, they were a relatively advanced group among the private entrepreneurs. It was indeed amazing that they could respond so quickly. And their actions also made Li Mu feel a real sense of industry mission.

No matter how these large and small enterprises, entrepreneurs, and entrepreneurs in the industry competed with each other, everyone was a part of the Internet industry in Hua Xia. If it rose to the international level, the Internet industry in Hua Xia was a whole. In the future, the Internet industry in Hua Xia would flourish and stand proudly in the forest of the whole world, and it would be inseparable from the continuous efforts and innovation of these employees. His current size had far exceeded any individual among them. When it was too much, he had already jumped out of the five elements and was no longer in the three realms. Therefore, he would not be hostile to them, and they would not be hostile to him. In this case, it would be better to take this opportunity to invite all of them and let the Internet industry in Hua Xia, with the opportunity of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, create a real industry-wide salon!

With this idea in mind, Li Mu immediately found Li Ziwei and asked Li Ziwei to inform the public relations team of Makino Technology to immediately invite all the heads of the Internet companies in Hua Xia and invite them to hold a salon three days later in Spring City, in the same hotel where he was holding the press conference.

Li Ziwei was shocked. Inviting all the heads of the Internet companies in the country in one go … I'm afraid there will be hundreds of people, right?

She was so surprised that she could not help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, what kind of salon are you going to hold?

We have not prepared anything, and we are going to hold a big salon with hundreds of people in three days. Time is still very tight. "