Chapter 266

Chen Kun didn't show his excitement over the phone, but promised Ning Hao that he would communicate with the management company. After hanging up, Zhao Wei, who was having lunch with him, asked, "What movie did Ning Hao ask you to do?"

Chen Kun scratched his head. "I haven't seen the script yet, but it's probably an inspirational theme."

Then, Chen Kun asked, "Have you heard of Simple Project?"

Zhao Wei nodded. "Of course I have. It's a band that just came out this year, and it's very popular. All the companies are trying to get in touch with them."

Chen Kun said, "The main character of this movie is the lead singer of Simple Project. All four members of the band will be in it. I'm the second male lead, but it's the antagonist. But Ning Hao said it's not a very evil antagonist."

Zhao Wei's already very big eyes widened in an instant, and even her good friend Chen Kun was shocked. "Why are you looking at me like that? It's so scary."

Zhao Wei blurted out, "The lead singer of Simple Project!

Do you know how famous he is now?

Since I started with My Fair Princess, I've released two albums, and even the original soundtrack of Deep Rain. So many songs, but none of them could enter the top ten of the country's well-known music charts. Simple Project's four songs are all in the top ten of the major music charts. He's so famous, and he's going to be on the Spring Festival Gala soon, and this is the first time he's been electrocuted. If I were you, I'd do this movie even if it costs nothing! "

Chen Kun was a little surprised. "Really?

Simple Project's songs are indeed quite popular, but it's not as exaggerated as you say, right? "

Zhao Wei pouted and said, "You don't understand the music industry. Their popularity now is something that even Yu Quan can't compare to. And most importantly, that Zhang Kexuan is quite handsome, and he's very popular with girls. Even I like him a lot."

Chen Kun thought about it for about two seconds, and then said, "I'll call my manager now!"

…

On the way back to school, Li Mu received a call from Hu Zhengdao.

Hu Zhengdao asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, it's Saturday today. Where have you been?"

Li Mu said, "I'm running some errands outside. What's wrong?

What can I do for you? "

Hu Zhengdao said hesitantly, "I want to ask you a favor."

"Speak."

"That's right.

You're the only one with a driver's license in our dormitory. Yanan's mother has been in Beijing for a few days, but she hasn't been to Tian 'an Men's Square. I want you to rent a car and take her to Chang' an Street.

Take a look at the night view. "

Li Mu asked, "Is Auntie okay?"

Hu Zhengdao nodded and said, "I'm a little weak. I probably can't stand walking or taking the subway for a long time, so I want to rent a car."

Li Mu immediately agreed and said, "What time?

Anytime. "

Hu Zhengdao hesitated for a moment and said in an embarrassed voice, "How about tonight?"

"Sure."

Li Mu didn't ask why it was so sudden. He naturally couldn't refuse such a thing, so he said to Hu Zhengdao, "Wait for me, I'll be there soon."

They arrived at the rented apartment where Wang Yanan's mother lived.

Li Mu didn't expect Zhao Ziqiu to be here.

Zhao Ziqiu had been here since the afternoon and had stayed until now. She wanted to go back to the dormitory, but Wang Yanan kept stopping her and insisted that she stay for a while. Zhao Ziqiu saw that it was already past eight o 'clock. She was afraid that she would disturb Wang Yanan's mother's rest if she stayed any longer, so she wanted to leave. Hu Zhengdao came back from the phone and persuaded her with Wang Yanan.

He told her not to leave in a hurry.

Hu Zhengdao told Zhao Ziqiu that he just called a car and would take Wang Yanan's mother to Tian 'an Men's Square later. He hoped that she could accompany them. His reason was that …

If Wang Yanan was the only girl with them, she might not be able to take care of her mother if she needed to go to the bathroom or something.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't think too much about it. Like Li Mu, she couldn't refuse this kind of thing, so she sat down on the small sofa in the living room again.

She waited for the driver to arrive.

Unexpectedly, the "driver" turned out to be Li Mu.

In fact, Hu Zhengdao had the idea of renting a car to accompany Wang Yanan's mother to Chang 'an Street before. At that time, he planned to pay for a daily rental after he got his part-time tutoring fee for the previous week. He didn't want to bother Li Mu at all. However, after Zhao Ziqiu came over today, Wang Yanan felt that she was a little depressed. It wasn't until dinner time that Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask her if Li Mu had come recently. Wang Yanan then realized that Zhao Ziqiu had stayed here for so long because she actually hoped to see Li Mu.

She quietly pulled Hu Zhengdao aside and asked him about Li Mu's whereabouts.

At the mention of Li Mu, Hu Zhengdao was also at a loss. Li Mu had been elusive recently. He usually ran around during school hours and didn't come back at night. Now that it was the weekend, no one knew where he went.

Wang Yanan gave him a death order. No matter what, he must find a way to call Li Mu over. This guy was really too much. Usually, he didn't take the initiative to contact Zi Qiu. Zi Qiu came to see him eagerly, but she always failed to meet him. As his roommate, Wang Yanan couldn't stand it anymore.

Hu Zhengdao had no choice but to do two things together. He asked Li Mu to come over and help drive Wang Yanan's mother to Chang 'an Street. Li Mu rented a car to be the driver. In addition to Wang Yanan and her mother, plus himself and Zhao Ziqiu, there were exactly five people.

When Li Mu arrived, he found that Zhao Ziqiu was also there, so he naturally greeted her, "When did you come, Ziqiu?"

Zhao Ziqiu had been missing Li Mu for so long that she didn't expect to see him here. Unexpectedly, he suddenly appeared in front of her, which made Zhao Ziqiu feel a little nervous in her heart. She was full of shyness and stammered, "I've been here for a long time. I was going to leave …"

Wang Yanan came over and pinched Zhao Ziqiu's palm. She said with a smile, "Ziqiu, accompany my mother to Chang 'an Street with us later."

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly understood that the reason why Li Mu came was that her good friend secretly arranged it. She was moved and nodded gently. She said shyly, "Okay. Anyway, I have nothing to do when I go back."

Wang Yanan hurriedly asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, what car did you rent?

Can you seat the four of us? "

Li Mu nodded, "I rented a seven-seater business car. It's very spacious."

"Great!"

Wang Yanan nodded excitedly. She ran into the bedroom and said to her mother, "Mom, let's get ready to go."

Yanan's mother slowly walked out of the bedroom and said to Li Mu gratefully, "Thank you so much, Li Mu. I didn't expect that the two children would specially ask you for help for such a small matter …"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "It's my pleasure, auntie."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Yanan, help Auntie put on the down jacket. Let's go."

Wang Yanan asked Li Mu, "Is it cold outside?

Do you want my mother to wear a sweater? "

Li Mu said, "It's not too cold today. The car is still warm. It's not comfortable to wear too much."

Wang Yanan nodded and said to her mother, "Mom, I'll go get the down jacket for you. I'll also give you the sweater. If you want to get out of the car, you can wear it."

Yanan's mother smiled and said, "There's no need to take the sweater. The weather in Yanjing isn't that cold. It's ten degrees colder in our hometown."

Wang Yanan said, "Still, we have to be careful. I'll take them all."

Wang Yanan and Zhao Ziqiu helped Yanan's mother out. Li Mu and Hu Zhengdao came out first. Li Mu opened the car door, pulled out the middle seat, and said to Hu Zhengdao, "You sit in the front passenger seat. Let Ziqiu sit in the third row. Yanan will sit in the middle with Auntie."

As soon as he said that, the seat was pulled out. Hu Zhengdao bent down and got in. He sat in the back seat and said to Li Mu, "I'll sit in the back. Let Ziqiu sit in the front passenger seat."

Li Mu saw that he got in the car, so he didn't say anything. He pushed the seat back to its original position. At this time, the two girls helped Yanan's mother out of the unit. Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Ziqiu, you sit in the front passenger seat. Let Auntie and Yanan sit in the middle."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and sent her mother to the car with Wang Yanan. Then, she sat in the front passenger seat.

Li Mu was the last to get in the car. He quickly started the car. In less than ten minutes, the water temperature dropped to eighty degrees. When he turned on the heater, hot air blew out, maintaining the temperature in the car at a very comfortable standard.

As Li Mu drove out of the neighborhood, he said, "Auntie, you sit on the right. We'll go around the East Second Ring Road and cross Chang 'an Street from east to west. That way, we can see Tian' anmen more clearly."

Yanan's mother hurriedly said, "Don't bother. We can just take a look from afar."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's okay. Just wait to see the night view of Tian 'anmen."

Li Mu was very familiar with the roads in Yan Jing. He drove all the way from Yan Jing University to the North Second Ring Road. Then, he took a detour to the East Second Ring Road. However, the whole journey was only about twenty kilometers. In less than half an hour, Li Mu was already on Chang 'an Street.

Zhao Ziqiu sat beside Li Mu. From time to time, she would sneak a peek at Li Mu's face while he was driving. Li Mu had a habit when driving. If he was not on the highway, he would almost never use both hands to hold the steering wheel. Instead, he would place his left hand on the steering wheel in the 12 o 'clock direction and his right hand on the glove compartment for support. Although his posture looked casual, his eyes were completely focused when he was driving. His focused look made Zhao Ziqiu's heart overflow with admiration.

She had never been able to figure out what she liked about Li Mu. However, it seemed like she liked everything about him. She liked his looks, his personality, his voice, and everything he did. For example, right now. She liked the way he was focused on driving. She liked the way the neon lights flashed on the side of his face.

Sometimes, Li Mu was her idol. For example, he had single-handedly created 3321. For example, he had shown no mercy to the corrupt officials of the local Board of Education. Sometimes, he was the hero in her life. For example, when they had just met not long ago, at the food stall near the University of Technology, he had taught so many hooligans a lesson for her. Then, he had held her hand and ran away.