Chapter 1311

This charity night was the first time Li Mu had organized such a large-scale industry gathering.

The founders of all the internet companies of a certain size in the country were all present, and the atmosphere was particularly warm. In the past, no one would have imagined that a person in the industry could have such a great influence in the industry.

The layout of the scene was exceptionally simple. Hundreds of internet people were all sitting in the neatly arranged seating area under the stage. The seats were arranged according to the order of check-in. There were also no high-net-worth or large enterprises sitting in the front, and low-net-worth or small enterprises sitting in the back.

Because Robin had arrived early today to look for Li Mu, her seat was relatively close to the front, in the first three rows. However, the bosses or CEOs of other big companies were basically in the middle and back seats. On the contrary, most of the people sitting in the front were unfamiliar faces to the others.

Unlike other charity night events, apart from the industry guests, there were only staff and service personnel. There were no celebrities to add to the fun, and there were no reporters to follow up with interviews. There were only a few cameramen from Makino Technology YY. According to Li Mu's request, they only set up a few cameras in the corner of the venue. They would not move in the middle of the scene, so that the guests would not be bothered by the cameras as much as possible.

When the time was up, the lights in the venue dimmed. There was no opening speech. As the big screen on the stage gradually lit up, and with the majestic music of "1492 Conquering Heaven" playing, the big screen once again played the promotional documentary clip produced by the foundation, which touched countless people.

Some of the internet entrepreneurs present had seen the clip of the documentary, and a few of them had seen the entire content online. Once again, they felt the shock that was different from when they were in front of the computer.

Although many of them had more or less seen some of the documentary, when they saw it live, many of them could not help but cry.

This was indeed an impeccable charity project. It had a historical appeal that was completely different from any other charity project. It could completely inspire a child of Hua Xia's national pride and sense of national mission. On the one hand, it made people feel touched by the heroic deeds of the martyrs, and on the other hand, it made people feel extremely proud to be a child of Hua Xia.

After a few minutes of the documentary, everyone quickly entered the state of mind. When the documentary finished and the stage lights lit up, everyone saw Li Mu walk up to the stage with tears in their eyes.

Without any foreshadowing, not even a warm-up host, Li Mu walked onto the stage alone with a microphone.

The stage was far from gorgeous and imposing. It was entirely occupied by old photos from the Anti-Japanese War, as well as photos of current veterans. There was only one sentence: Veterans never die, they just gradually wither away. Apart from that, there was not even a theme for tonight's charity night, let alone the sponsorship of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology.

Li Mu's first appearance surprised the people in the internet industry. However, Li Mu didn't give them a chance to guess. He said directly into the microphone, "Thank you to all my peers who are here. Since the birth of the internet industry in Hua Xia, there has never been such a large-scale gathering. Thank you all!

Thank you! "

After saying those words, he bowed deeply.

There was continuous applause from the audience. For most of the people present today, they regarded Li Mu as an existence similar to the "leader of the martial arts world." Everyone was like his believers or his followers, waiting for his orders.

Li Mu said, "I think everyone knows that we have recently started a new charity project. It is a charity project specially set up for the surviving veterans of the Anti-Japanese War. It is called Veterans Don't Die. As the initiator of the project, I naturally have to be responsible for the entire group of surviving veterans. Therefore, sparing no effort to get more support for the foundation is my most important task right now."

"I started my business not long ago, and I haven't worked hard in society for long enough. I don't know many people, and I know too little. After I started this charity project, I have been thinking about where the rest of the funds should come from, apart from my personal donations.

Should I look for enterprises to raise donations, or from society?

At first, I thought that if we could mobilize enterprises to raise donations, then it would definitely have a very good effect, because the enterprises have enough financial strength. If ten thousand enterprises each donate ten thousand yuan, then one hundred million yuan will come. However, the problem is that I don't know many enterprises. Not to mention ten thousand, I don't even know a hundred. I don't have enough connections, so how can I call everyone to do charity? "

"There is no other way. I can only adopt the method of raising donations from society. However, if I raise donations from society, not to mention the difficulty of promotion, because the strength of the national economy is not very ideal, I am very worried about the efficiency of raising donations. If each person is ten yuan, to raise one hundred million yuan, at least ten million people need to donate. If every ten people who receive this message donate, then our project promotion will have to reach one hundred million people. Everyone should be very clear about the cost and effect of Internet advertising. It is really too difficult to do a promotion that can reach one hundred million people."

At this point, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "However, I never expected that since our foundation opened the donation channel, it has received nearly four billion yuan of donations from the people of the country!

Four billion, my comrades!

This amount of money is beyond my expectations, and it's also beyond the expectations of all the staff. I don't know about the world record, but I believe that in such a short period of time, we should be the only company to raise this amount of money from the whole society. "

The number of four billion really shocked everyone at the scene.

At the scene, there was no one with a net worth of more than four billion, except for Li Mu. There were only a few companies with a total market value of more than four billion, except for Li Mu's enterprises. And Li Mu's charity foundation raised nearly four billion yuan in such a short period of time. This meant that the Immortal Veterans Charity Project had indeed had a strong influence on the country.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "In addition to the nearly four billion yuan of donations, we have also received cooperation intentions from more than ten thousand companies and organizations. These companies and organizations, without exception, hope that they can contribute the corresponding resources to this charity project. This also made me realize that to sincerely do a meaningful charity project, I don't need to know a lot of people or companies. As long as I do this charity project down-to-earth, I will be able to get the recognition of the whole society and get help from the whole society."

Applause rang out. Then, Li Mu really got into the first topic of the night. He said, "The Internet is a fast-growing and new industry. It should be one of the youngest industries in the world, and it is also one of the industries with the highest ratio of high-end talents in the world. The Internet is using its own technology and vision to change the world, to change everyone's lives. Everyone here is a participant in this great process. Therefore, I also very much hope that, while the Internet is changing the world, it can also become the most socially responsible industry, set up the correct values for society, and contribute more positive energy to society. This is also the biggest reason why I invited everyone to this charity night today!"

Li Mu's words made the blood of the people in the Internet industry boil. An unprecedented sense of responsibility welled up in their hearts. Before this, most of them were thinking about how to seize the opportunity to make money through the Internet. However, after being reminded by Li Mu, they realized that in addition to making money, they also had a great responsibility to the industry, the times, and the society.

Li Mu then said, "I hope that everyone can represent the Internet industry and contribute to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. At the same time, I also hope that everyone can contribute to more charity projects in the future. On behalf of all the groups in society that need charity help, I thank everyone!"

After saying that, Li Mu bowed again.

While the audience applauded, a member of the National People's Congress shouted, "Li Zong, I am willing to donate to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation!"

This shout triggered countless responses. Many people expressed their opinions loudly. Some said that they were willing to donate, and some directly said that they would donate tens of millions. The scene suddenly became a little chaotic.

At this time, Li Mu said to everyone, "We have left an envelope under everyone's seat. There is a voluntary donation form in the envelope. If you are willing to donate to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, please fill in your name, the name of your company, and the amount of your donation. If you want to save some time, you can just attach your business card and write down the amount. Our staff will collect the donation forms in your hands later for statistics. If anyone in the same industry is not willing to donate, it doesn't matter. Just return the envelope without any information to our staff!"

The hundreds of people present all bent down to look under their seats. Indeed, as Li Mu said, there was an envelope under each seat. Inside the envelope was a voluntary donation form the size of a postcard, as well as a pocket-sized ballpoint pen.

Every internet entrepreneur who came from afar had already prepared to donate before they came. After all, it was a charity night. If they just came to freeload without donating, it would really be a little unreasonable. Moreover, the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation was really too touching. It was almost impossible to refuse.

More than three hundred internet entrepreneurs began to fill in the cards in their hands, and then put the cards back into the envelope, waiting for the staff to collect them.

Then, more than ten staff members came one by one and collected the envelopes in the hands of the guests. Then, they gathered all the envelopes together.

Li Mu said, "Thank you, everyone. Regardless of whether your intention to donate is written in the envelope or how much the intention is, I am very grateful for everyone's support for this charity project. After tonight, we will calculate everyone's intention to donate. Then, we will contact those who are interested in it in the near future. Every amount of money that you donate will be published on our Veterans Never Die website and will be subject to the supervision of the whole society."

As he said that, Li Mu paused and said, "Today, I actually have another purpose for inviting everyone here."

Everyone looked at Li Mu without blinking, not knowing what he was going to say.