Chapter 1636

For a talented actor, the efficiency of filming was much higher than that of an average actor. For example, Anne Hathaway. Although she was young, she was able to capture the emotions and sense of immersion very well. Therefore, in the last few scenes of the movie, her performance could be said to be perfect. Her emotions, expressions, and even her tears came as she wished without any delay.

In Li Mu's memory, in a documentary he once watched, it was mentioned that many professional actresses would train for a long time alone in order to be able to shed tears at any time during filming. They would find a way to make themselves shed tears at any time. In this way, when filming any scenes that required crying, their tears could be turned on at any time like a faucet. However, for those unprofessional actors, when filming crying scenes, they only needed to bring a bottle of eye drops.

These scenes that Anne Hathaway shot were the last scenes of the whole movie. However, after this group of scenes was finished, the movie was not completely finished yet. There were still some scenes that had to be completed in the airport. After all, the sequence of the scenes in the movie was completely different from the final sequence of the final editing.

After these scenes were finished, Anne Hathaway's eyes were still red and tears could not stop flowing down her cheeks.

Spielberg hurried to comfort her and said, "Anne, don't cry. This scene was done very well. Since the beginning of filming, we have never completed so many scenes so smoothly. Well done!"

Anne Hathaway carefully wiped her tears and said to Spielberg, "Director, your script is really unfair to them. Even in the Titanic, Rose found a new lover after Jack's death, got married, and had children. Why does the character in your script have to spend so many years alone after the death of her lover?"

Spielberg smiled faintly and said indifferently, "I think that people should remember history like they remember love. That's why you need to play this role as a role model and foil it. Since she's a role model, she must invest more and sacrifice more than the average person."

After saying that, Spielberg added, "War must be cruel, but it is not absolutely cruel, and it is not absolutely perfect. Therefore, a responsible war movie must have a heavy theme. Heavy is the indispensable soul of a qualified war movie!

War movies that are too hot-blooded, too relaxed, or even too perfect are all irresponsible to history. "

"Hua Xia suffered more than 30 million casualties in World War II. The war that took place on this land, as well as the various stories that happened during the war, were all difficult to have a happy ending. That's why we made Liu Ye, a hot-blooded young man, die for his country. Because he was a soldier of this country, in the face of national calamity, he was a group of people who disregarded life and death. If he survived in the end, it wouldn't be enough to show the audience how much this country had sacrificed to resist the invasion."

"And the reason why Du Wei, a peasant girl, should be allowed to live and gain a perfect love is because she represents the ordinary people of this country. After the war, she should enjoy the life that peace brings to her. If she also dies in the war, or if she doesn't gain happiness in the end, it won't be enough to show the audience justice and the value of peace."

"Therefore, in summary, soldiers die on the battlefield to defend justice in a just war, and the people enjoy a peaceful life under the sacrifice of these people. This is the final result of a war."

Anne Hathaway was silent for a while, then nodded lightly and said in a low voice, "I understand what you mean. Thank you."

Spielberg patted her shoulder lightly and said with a smile, "Hurry up and remove your makeup. We have to go back to the airport."

Anne Hathaway nodded and returned to the makeup tent with Leonardo and Du Wei. Li Mu kept thinking about what Spielberg had said. He was very touched and deeply agreed with him.

The modern film industry had always used various ways to show the wars in human history. Among them, the most popular theme was the Second World War, which had the greatest impact on the entire human race. However, many films that focused on war did not grasp the important point that Spielberg had made.

Since it was a war, no matter from which angle one looked at it, it was an incomparably heavy matter. It was the same for the righteous side, the evil side, the victors, and the losers.

Therefore, an outstanding war film had to let the future generations feel the weight of war while reproducing certain scenes of war. Therefore, they would be filled with awe, vigilance, and introspection towards war.

If a war film was completely filled with passion, making the audience's blood boil and only wanting to hold a gun and charge into the enemy lines, then it would definitely not be an outstanding war film. In fact, it would not even be a qualified war film, because it advocated war and used passion to package war.

If a war film was presented in a comedic and absurd manner, making the audience laugh and wipe away their tears, then it would also not be a qualified war film. War was the mutual killing of humans. No matter what angle one looked at it from, it was not something that could be laughed at.

Therefore, Spielberg was not willing to present a war film with a perfect ending. In a war where 30 million people were killed and injured, if the five main actors all survived and lived happily, then the war would seem like a game. If all of them died, then it would seem especially dark. If the world was still so hopeless after the sacrifice, then what was the point of the sacrifice?

Thinking about it carefully, Li Mu felt that a big shot like Spielberg was indeed like a top-notch chef. He had a very precise grasp of the heat. Li Mu carefully recalled his several classic war films. Indeed, they all had a heavy main tone, but they also brought hope to the audience.

For example, in "Saving Private Ryan", the opening scene of the Normandy landings was extremely cruel. Then, in order to save Ryan, the special unit led by Tom Hanks went deep into the battlefield. In the end, they paid a huge sacrifice, so much so that even the main actor, Tom Hanks, sacrificed himself just to save the name of Private Ryan. Was it heavy?

Although it was heavy, it still brought hope and warmth, especially when Ryan returned to the United States as the only surviving son of the family's four sons. Only then did people realize that this was the purpose of Tom Hanks' sacrifice. It was to let Ryan go home, to let him return to his parents, to let him carry on his bloodline in an era of peace, and to let him bring his family to Tom Hanks' grave to mourn when he was over 70 years old.

Another example was "Schindler's List". Countless Jews were cruelly and cold-blooded slaughtered by the Germans. This made the entire film full of despair and darkness, like a long night that would never break. Even so, Schindler still tried his best to save the Jews who were facing the slaughter, and finally succeeded in bringing some of them out of the devil's den of death. Therefore, when a large number of Jewish descendants went to Schindler's grave to mourn, people would understand the cruelty of war, the meaning of saving others, and the importance of peace.

Looking back at the film "Flying Tigers", there were a total of five main actors in the film. Other than Tom Hanks who played the role of Chennault, the other four in the film happened to be two pairs of transnational lovers, Hua Xia and the United States. An American pilot and Hua Xia's farmer daughter, and a Hua Xia pilot and an American nurse.

One of the lovers was Leonardo and Du Wei's characters. As for the lovers played by Liu Ye and Anne Hathaway, they were the two most tragic characters in the film.

Liu Ye's character in his youth piloted a fighter plane to protect the airspace of his motherland, and in the end, he died a heroic death for his country. Anne Hathaway's character, with that deep love and Liu Ye's only photo, died alone. The two of them wanted the audience to understand the cruelty of war, as well as the sacrifices and price that war required.

When Li Mu calmed down and thought about what Spielberg had said, Mr. Han Zili's son came to Li Mu and said nervously, "Mr. Li, I am Han Zili's son. The elders have a request, but they were too embarrassed to tell you personally, so they wanted me to pass it to you …"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Please say it, we will try our best to fulfill it. We will not disappoint the elders."

Han Zili's son, who was already in his fifties, said, "It's like this. Didn't our production crew recreate a wartime airfield? When it first started construction and when it was just completed, my father and Uncle Sun went to visit it. But at that time, the planes had not arrived yet. Later, I heard that the production crew shipped a few old planes from America. My father and the others were still wondering if they were P-40C. It just so happened that your Weibo post just happened to be on TV yesterday. My father and the others saw the few P-40C's painted shark behind you when you were taking the photo. He was so excited and wanted to see and touch them. Because when they were in Flying Tigers, they all piloted this model, so they wanted to ask you if it would be convenient for them, and if it would disturb the filming crew …"

The few elders were indeed fascinated by the old planes. Those old planes painted with cartoon sharks carried their memories, their passion, their youth, all their feelings for their country, and also the greatest and most glorious moment of their lives. Even in their dreams, they hoped to touch the riveted skin, the wide and heavy propellers, and the scarlet, bloody mouth of the sharks again.

When Li Mu heard this, he immediately said without hesitation, "No problem, I will arrange it right away. In a moment, the Toyota Coaster will directly bring the elders to go with you. In addition, the old Flying Tigers from America and their families will also be invited."