Chapter 41

Lu Xueping took out her relevant documents. Li Mu asked the staff in the store to make a copy and put it away.

After finishing all this, Li Mu paid the money and went to the Construction Bank opposite with Lu Xueping. He filled in a money order of 100,000 yuan.

Li Mu's card was still in another city, but it didn't matter. He didn't care about the handling fee, and there was no need to transfer the money to a local card because he would leave home in two months.

After Lu Xueping confirmed that the money had been transferred, she couldn't help but look at Li Mu. She guessed that Li Mu should be the child of a rich family. Anyway, she couldn't understand the world of a real rich family. Who cares, as long as the money was paid.

In this era, the term "rich second generation" was not popular yet.

After Li Mu left the money order, Lu Xueping said, "My tenant has moved out, but it will only expire in three days. I will go to collect the house at that time and contact you after I'm done. You can come over too. I will give you the key, and you can start the renovation."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Sister Lu is very efficient. I'm very happy to work with someone like you."

Lu Xueping looked at Li Mu awkwardly. "You're more efficient. I just sat down at the mahjong table, and you called me and I came out to sign the contract."

"Haha." Li Mu said with a smile, "That's the best. We can save each other time."

The floor area of Lu Xueping's store was 165 square meters. This was the largest floor area in the prosperous area of Haizhou these days. If one wanted to expand it, they would have to rent two sets in a row. However, there was no such bold store yet.

If Metersbonway could be opened before September, it would definitely be the largest clothing store in Haizhou. There was no one else like it.

Li Mu got the contract. The shop had already exceeded the official requirements of Meterbonway by more than double. He still had more than 600,000 yuan in savings lying in his bank card. 100,000 yuan for the renovation and another 100,000 yuan for the goods. At most, he only had 300,000 yuan. When the time came, he would leave 100,000 yuan for his parents to work on the goods. That would be enough.

Even if he did not make any money during the summer vacation, he would still have more than a hundred thousand yuan to spend on the production of Eting, Easy Listening. Zhang Kexuan had said that the four of them would contribute the money and effort. At worst, he would just prepare two more songs for him, and that would be enough.

If it really didn't work out, he could think of other money-making projects during the summer vacation.

Before Lu Xueping left on her motorcycle, she curiously asked Li Mu, "Xiao Li, what kind of shop are you planning to open?"

"Metersbonwe." Since the contract was signed, Li Mu didn't hide it.

Lu Xueping nodded and smiled, "I don't know much about the things that you youngsters like. I can't even remember their names. But I heard that there's a brand called Yichun that's about to be renovated. It's just across the road from my shop."

"Oh?

How big is it? "

"One hundred yuan?

Probably less than one hundred yuan. "

"That's a good thing. In the future, West Gate will slowly become a clothing commercial street."

…

After settling the matter of the house, Li Mu immediately contacted the headquarters of Metersbonwe and informed them of his intention to cooperate. He gave them the address, and the customer service provided him with a fax and an account number. The fax required personal identity information, the rental contract, and the ownership certificate of the rental. The account number required a 3000 yuan inspection fee. After receiving the information, the customer service had to reply within 48 hours. If the information was approved, the customer service would directly negotiate the on-site inspection time for the inspectors.

Li Mu returned to the printing shop, sorted out the relevant information, and faxed it to the customer service. Then, he rushed to ICBC and transferred the 3000 yuan inspection fee according to the customer service's request.

All that was left was to wait for the news.

Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief. After returning home, he prepared to start building his own music portal, Eting.

Li Mu's position for Eting was very simple. To be the best music audition and download website in the country. With the vision of the future and the mastery of advanced technology, Li Mu was confident that this goal would not be difficult to achieve.

Developing the technology himself was one aspect. On the other hand, he needed a relatively large server space and bandwidth. This was definitely not something that could be done in Haizhou. He had to go to Jinling to buy a server and then find a hosting company to host it.

However, this was not an easy task. The development of the website required time. From the design to the artwork, cutting the images, and the front-end and back-end programs, it still required a period of time. Just writing the code would take a period of time. As for the server, it was not urgent. He could find some time to get one in Haizhou first.

After turning on the computer, Li Mu also logged into his personal QQ. He found that someone had left him a message. When he saw the little pink penguin flashing in the lower right corner, his heart could not help but throb. It should be Su Yingxue, it must be her!

Li Mu did not guess wrong. The message was from Snow. "Li Mu, you can sign up for Jinan Driving School now. When are you free to sign up together?"

Then, she added, "By the way, my phone number is 138 … If I'm not online, call me."

Li Mu replied, "Then I'll sign up today. When are you free?"

About ten seconds later, Snow replied, "At two o 'clock. There are still twenty minutes left. Can you make it?"

"I can." Li Mu replied, "I'm going out now."

"Okay."

After closing the chat with Su Yingxue, Li Mu found that there was an avatar flashing in the lower right corner. It was the avatar of a blond girl with blinking eyes.

Clicking on it, it turned out to be a lot of messages left by Chen Wan, whose username was "Moon Hare."

"Where did you go, brat? I can't get through to your home phone!"

"Where are you?

You're not online and not at home?

Don't disappear. Come out, I need to talk to you! "

"Li Mu!

You made so much money selling Li Bai, why didn't you buy a phone! "

"Bastard, you brat, you're pissing me off!"

It suddenly occurred to Li Mu that he had forgotten to tell Chen Wan his phone number. "Damn it! Look at how anxious she is. If she knows that I have bought a mobile phone but didn't tell her, won't she eat me alive?" Li Mu thought.

He looked at the time. The first message was from two hours ago, and the last was from ten minutes ago.

An idea came to Li Mu. He didn't reply to Chen Wan, but took out his phone and called her.

"Hello."

"Hello, Sister Wan, I'm Xiao Mu. I just bought a phone and wanted to call you to let you know. Write down my number."

"Brat!"

Chen Wan blurted out, "I was so worried looking for you. You're not at home and you didn't go online. Did you buy a phone?"

"Yeah."

Li Mu's expression didn't change. "I called you first after I bought a phone. You're the only beautiful sister I have."

Chen Wan giggled, seemingly satisfied with Li Mu's explanation. "I have something urgent to talk to you about. My brother called me this morning and said that they will be participating in the preliminary competition at Jin Ling University's stadium at eight o 'clock."

"Oh!" Li Mu smiled. "Then help me wish them a smooth performance."

Chen Wan hurriedly said, "They called me to ask me to bring you along. My brother said that everyone is quite nervous and hoped that you could be there to cheer them up."

"It can't be …" Li Mu was embarrassed.

"It's true!

My brother said it was very pitiful. "

"It's almost two o 'clock." Li Mu looked at the time. "If we go now, we definitely won't be able to come back tonight."

"Don't worry." Chen Wan said, "If you can't come back, you can stay with my cousin. He has a few houses in Jin Ling."

Li Mu pretended to be disappointed and said, "Sister Wan, why don't you invite me to stay at your house? If you invite me to stay at your house, I might consider it."

Chen Wan giggled. "In your dreams. My parents are in Jin Ling these few days. Even if I invite you, do you dare to go?"

"Sigh, forget it."

"You should go with me. You already gave the song 'Li Bai' to them. If they can't even pass the preliminary competition, wouldn't it be a pity?

"That's true."

Li Mu sighed. No matter what, it was his song. If a good song couldn't become a hit, it would be difficult for it to become popular in the future. Even if it could become popular in a few years, it would most likely need to rely on other people's cover songs.

Although 'Li Bai' was not a very classic song, it was definitely an excellent pop song. In this era, it was easy to have a market for advanced and likeable music styles, such as Jay Chou.

In the future, Li Mu still wanted to use a few songs to build a good relationship with the rich second generation like Zhang Kexuan in case of emergencies. If they were eliminated in the preliminary competition, there was no point in playing.

"Alright, do you want to drive or take the train?"

"Drive. You drive."

"Alright, then come to my house to pick me up."

"Brat, aren't you buying a phone?"

"I'm already on my way back. It won't be long before I reach the entrance of my neighborhood."