Chapter 709

Wang Runqing spent most of his time and energy in Shanghai. He only had a general idea of what was happening in Beijing, but he didn't know the details.

For example, he didn't know Li Mu, and he only knew that Huang Shuolun, the son of Hongzhu Group, was arrested because he killed a female university student while drunk. He didn't know the details.

However, Wang Runqing, who looked down on Li Mu and wanted to teach Li Mu a lesson, was dumbfounded when he heard that Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay were all owned by Li Mu. Although he didn't know Li Mu, he knew these three companies and their products very well, especially Makino Technology. It not only grew very fast, but it also had a great influence. In terms of information dissemination, all the real estate companies in the country couldn't compare to YY.

Wang Runqing looked at Xiao Chenfeng, dumbfounded, and blurted out, "Is that guy really so awesome?"

Xiao Chenfeng snorted, "He's so awesome, okay?

He's only twenty. How old are you? "

Wang Runqing's face darkened. He asked again, "What does Hongzhu Group's son have to do with him?"

Xiao Chenfeng said, "It was Li Mu who exposed Huang Shuolun's accident. His father wanted to use his driver to protect him, but Li Mu beat him up and sent him to the hospital. Later, Huang Jinli gave a piece of land to Wanying Real Estate to protect Huang Jinxiao. She said that it was transferred to Wanying Real Estate at the original purchase price, but the payment period was one year later. Isn't it the same as robbery?"

Wang Runqing was dumbfounded. "Hongzhu Group agreed?"

"What can we do if they don't agree?"

Xiao Chenfeng said, "The publicity ability of Muye Technology is so strong that it can scare people to death. A pop-up window can spread all over the country in minutes. Huang Shuolun bumped into someone and ran away. The netizens all over the country are cursing at his ancestral grave. Who can protect him?

If Li Mu also exposes him, the Hongzhu Group will be more implicated. In the end, the Hongzhu Group will have to sacrifice the pawns to save the king. The judgment and execution of Huang Shuolun's case are completely in Li Mu's hands. The court dare not give him a light sentence. After the sentence, he will be put in prison, and they dare not reduce his sentence easily.

"F * ck!"

Wang Runqing flicked the cigarette ash and gritted his teeth. "This guy is really ruthless. If I were Huang Jinxiao, I would kill him."

"Come on!"

Xiao Chenfeng said, "This is Yanjing, not Shanghai. I've heard that this kid has a big boss backing him up. Unless you don't want to live and die with him, you will definitely not have a good time. What's more, even if you want to kill him, you may not have a chance. Do you know where he found his bodyguards?"

Wang Runqing frowned. He was a little unhappy to be looked at like a bumpkin by Xiao Chenfeng. "Where did he get them?

Heavenly soldiers and generals? "

Xiao Chenfeng smiled. "They are not heavenly soldiers and generals. They are active soldiers of the Divine Sword Brigade. I heard that when Li Mu beat up Huang Jinxiao, Huang Jinxiao's bodyguards were all killed in one move by Li Mu's bodyguards. They are lying in the hospital now."

"F * ck …" Wang Runqing put away the unhappiness in his heart and sighed. "How can this guy be so powerful? He can get the active soldiers of the Divine Sword Brigade to be his personal bodyguards …"

Xiao Chenfeng rolled his eyes. "How would I know?

If I knew, I would also have two active special forces soldiers by my side. "

Wang Runqing smacked his lips. "Do you think this Li Mu will intervene in the affairs of Juncheng Real Estate?"

"It's hard to say."

Xiao Chenfeng said, "Before I entered today, I met Weilan and Li Mu outside. I asked Weilan. She doesn't have a deep relationship with Li Mu. It's just that Li Mu bought a villa from her some time ago. If you didn't go too far today, Li Mu probably wouldn't stand up for her."

Xiao Chenfeng scolded, "How the f * ck would I know he exists? Besides, didn't we agree on this?

I have to embarrass her in front of so many people outside and let them know that she is my enemy. Whoever dares to help her will be going against me. Besides, only when I embarrass her will you have a chance to stand up for her. "

Xiao Chenfeng nodded. "Yes, I didn't expect Li Mu to speak up for her. However, I think Li Mu should have come forward to help her because he couldn't stand it anymore. However, I think Li Mu won't intervene in the affairs of Juncheng Real Estate. After all, the affairs of Juncheng Real Estate are so big. Li Mu probably can't handle it."

Wang Runqing snorted and said, "He definitely can't handle it!

To put it bluntly, the matter of Juncheng Real Estate is a matter of money. Besides the Lanke Group, anyone who wants to save her will have to spend at least two billion in cash. Moreover, I am confident that this case will drag on for at least a year and a half. Whoever dares to spend money will die. "

Xiao Chenfeng said indifferently, "Anyway, what you want is money, and what I want is people. I am not interested in the affairs of Juncheng Real Estate, and I don't intend to intervene. However, I have to remind you to try not to have a direct conflict with Li Mu. Maybe he doesn't want to get involved. If you force him, he will jump in."

Wang Runqing nodded and said, "I understand what you said. If Li Mu really wants to intervene, I will keep this matter within the scope of business and not raise it to the level of personal grudges. If he wants to help Weilan, he will bring money. If he can really take out so much money to save her, then I will accept it."

Xiao Chenfeng said, "By the way, I just got seven billion from the bank for the land of Wanying Real Estate. It has already been transferred."

Wang Runqing frowned and asked subconsciously, "Do you think that Li Mu will really spend a few billion to save her?

Even if Juncheng is saved in a year and a half or two years, with such a large amount of money invested, just the interest alone is enough to scare people, not to mention the inflation. Most importantly, with so much money invested in Juncheng Real Estate, how much of his own work will be delayed?

The price is too high! "

Xiao Chenfeng said, "I don't think it is possible, but I don't dare to guarantee it."

Wang Runqing said, "Wanying Real Estate has seven pieces of land. Seven billion is only enough to revitalize these pieces of land. I don't believe that he can take out two billion and invest it in Juncheng!"

Xiao Chenfeng waved his hand, "I have to go out. I will treat Weilan to dinner tonight. You better make a big commotion on your side."

Wang Runqing nodded, "Don't worry, I will inform all the people in the industry who can help Juncheng in advance. There is no one in the industry who will help her."

Xiao Chenfeng smiled and said, "Then I can rest assured."

Wang Runqing asked with a wretched smile, "Are you confident?

How many days will it take for you to eat her up? "

Xiao Chenfeng snorted, "It must be before she leaves Yanjing!"

Wang Runqing squinted his eyes and smiled, "I heard that Weilan has never been in a relationship since she went to university. Maybe she is still a virgin."

Xiao Chenfeng said, "Whether she is a virgin or not, I will only know after I try."

…

At least two people felt that this dinner was boring. One was Weilan, and the other was Li Mu who was not far from her.

Weilan lost her appetite because of Wang Runqing's attack. Now, all she could think about was who would be willing to help Juncheng after Wang Runqing's trouble. Even if she took out more than half of Juncheng Real Estate's shares, no one would be interested at all. This was because the price to pay for half of the shares was too high. Not only would they have to pay the capital cost, they would also have to deal with the huge pressure from the Lanke Group.

After thinking about it, Weilan sadly realized that her only hope was Xiao Chenfeng and the Urban Construction Group. If Xiao Chenfeng was not willing to help in the end, her wish to protect her father's efforts would basically be a bubble. If that was the case, she would have to return to Shanghai immediately and liquidate all the assets that could be sold as soon as possible. Then, she would go to America to look for her father. As for Juncheng Real Estate, she could only leave it at the back of her mind.

From the beginning to the end, Weilan had never thought of asking Li Mu for help. On the one hand, she had only met Li Mu twice. It was impossible for her to ask for help from someone she had only met twice for such an important matter. Moreover, she did not think that the other party would definitely help her.

Although she did not intend to ask Li Mu for help, Weilan was still very grateful to Li Mu. During the dinner, she sent a message to Li Mu and asked, "Are you free in the next two days?

I want to treat you to a meal. "

Li Mu also felt that this kind of dinner was extremely boring. He did not like this kind of occasion. He had always defined himself as an Internet person, a technician, and a product manager. Therefore, there was a huge difference in values between him and these real estate developers who bought land and borrowed money to build houses. If it was not because he felt that Weilan would come back, Li Mu would not have come to attend the dinner at all. If he had not seen Weilan today, he would have passed by long ago and would not have waited for this part of the dinner.

Fortunately, Weilan's message gave Li Mu a little motivation to persevere. If Weilan wanted to treat him to a meal, he naturally would not refuse, so he replied, "Sure, I'm OK anytime."

Weilan replied, "Then it's settled. When I confirm the time, I will communicate with you in advance."

Weilan thought that she would have to lay all her cards on the table with Xiao Chenfeng tonight and see what his attitude was. If he was willing to help, she would discuss the details with him in the next two days. Then, after the matter was settled, she would treat Li Mu to a meal before leaving. If he was not willing to help, she would fight for the last time during the day tomorrow. If that was not possible, she would treat Li Mu to a meal tomorrow night and then leave Yanjing without looking back. She would no longer think of saving the company and go to the United States to reunite with her family.

After the dinner, the summit officially entered the stage. Everyone came to the main banquet hall. This afternoon, there would be a topic sharing meeting that included Xiao Chenfeng, Wang Runqing, and the heads of other first-tier real estate companies. Basically, it was equivalent to every first-tier company sending a person to give a speech on the future development of the real estate industry.

Li Mu was not interested in this kind of process. He sat below and pondered for a long time with his head down. Suddenly, he raised his head and asked Song Liang in a low voice, "Brother Liang, how big is the trouble that Juncheng Real Estate is facing now?"