Chapter 1164

Looking at the young and beautiful Su Yingxue, Li Mu was in a trance when he thought that she would go to the United States three or four years earlier than in his previous life.

In his previous life, he had almost cut off contact with Su Yingxue after the college entrance examination. At that time, Su Yingxue did not go abroad to study until she graduated from college. In this life, he had never cut off contact with Su Yingxue, and they even became a couple. He did not expect that she would be ready to go to the United States at this time.

Was this the bond between Su Yingxue and the United States?

While he was thinking, Su Yingxue looked at him and asked with shining eyes, "I will be in the United States for half a year. Will you go to the United States again?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry, I will go there often."

Su Yingxue said seriously, "I will be back in July. Don't let me wait until July to see you again."

Li Mu hurriedly promised, "Don't worry, I won't!"

Su Yingxue nodded with a smile, but she looked a little lonely unconsciously. This exchange at Harvard was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for her, but she did not know whether it was good or bad for her and Li Mu.

Li Mu was thinking that the timing of Su Yingxue's trip to the United States was really too coincidental. If she left today and came back in July, she would definitely be able to avoid the whole SARS. It should be known that Yan Jing might be the hardest hit area of SARS in the future. If she went to the United States at this time, she would basically not be threatened by SARS.

Thinking up to there, Li Mu felt relieved inwardly and smilingly said, "I have a fanatic fan in Harvard. I'll tell him to contact you when the time comes. You can look for him if you encounter any difficulties in Harvard and need help. Also, there's a Chinese executive in Harvard. I'll talk to him later and ask him to take care of you."

The fanatic fan Li Mu mentioned was Mark Zuckerberg. This guy was probably racking his brains every day to think of entrepreneurial projects, but he did not know when he would think of Facebook. In any case, his appearance had brought a very direct and strong interference to his life. Under such strong interference, it was still unknown whether Mark Zuckerberg could successfully think of the idea of Facebook.

However, there was at least one thing that Li Mu could rest assured about. Mark Zuckerberg was an absolute Internet genius, and he was also a genius in business management and operation. Otherwise, he would not have been able to achieve a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars with just one idea. Therefore, since this person was capable, if he really could not think of the idea of Facebook, then Li Mu would remind him, or even directly tell him about the product, and let him do it.

When Su Yingxue heard that Li Mu wanted to find some acquaintances for her, she hurriedly said, "There is no need to go through so much trouble. We need to ask for favors. Harvard has already arranged a dormitory for us this time. I will share a dormitory with another female student from our school, and there will be a tutor accompanying me. It should be very convenient."

Li Mu said, "It's better to be prepared. After all, we are in a foreign country. It is good to have more connections."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment, but she did not refuse again. She knew that she and Li Mu were in a completely different world. There were many things that Li Mu could see more clearly than her.

As the two were chatting, a teacher from the National People's Congress came forward and said to Li Mu and Su Yingxue apologetically, "Li Mu, Yingxue, sorry to disturb you. We are almost ready to go through the security check."

Su Yingxue did not expect it to be so soon. After hearing the teacher's words, she immediately felt a strong sense of reluctance. She responded to the teacher, then looked at Li Mu and said emotionally, "Then I will wait for you in the United States."

"Okay." Li Mu nodded lightly and said, "Take good care of yourself when you are in the United States. Wait for me to come and see you!"

Su Yingxue nodded with reddened eyes. The emotions that she had been suppressing in her heart suddenly burst out. She subconsciously jumped into Li Mu's arms, but after a few seconds, she left Li Mu's embrace. She looked at him and said softly, "Then I will leave."

Li Mu nodded slightly. "Call me when you are in Harvard. I will come and see you soon."

Originally, Li Mu did not have any plans to go to the United States in the short term. Even if he wanted to go, he would have to wait until Plants vs Zombies Online was released. However, after the SARS outbreak, Li Mu put all his focus on supplies, especially the products from 3M and Honeywell. These were the most important things that Li Mu needed to confirm. Therefore, he had to take some time to go to the United States in the near future to finalize the supply of supplies.

At this time, Su Yingxue's parents also came forward. Su Yingxue hugged her mother, Fang Min, with red eyes. Fang Min hugged her daughter, unable to stop her tears.

Su Weimin gently stroked her hair and comforted the mother and daughter, "It's okay, it's only half a year. It's just a semester. Usually, I only go home three or four times in two semesters a year. This time, I will be away for half a year. When I come back, it will be summer vacation, so I can spend time with my parents."

Su Yingxue nodded repeatedly. It was indeed only a semester. Even if she stayed in Yanjing this semester, she would only have the chance to go home during the Labor Day. Her parents were busy with work, so there were very few opportunities for them to visit her in Yanjing. Therefore, going abroad for half a year was no different than staying in Yanjing.

However, Fang Min kept sighing. "I'm not worried that I won't be able to see my child for a long time. The main thing is that America is too far away. My child is not familiar with the place. I'm afraid that he will suffer there. Moreover, America is not a peaceful place. What if …"

Su Weimin hurriedly said, "Oh, don't talk nonsense. Harvard is the best university in the world. My child will definitely be safe there. Don't worry about it."

Fang Min nodded gently, and her mood slightly eased. At this time, other students had already pushed their boarding boxes and boarding passes through the security check. Su Yingxue also pulled her small box and reluctantly said goodbye to her parents, Li Mu, and her aunt and uncle's family.

When they were about to enter the security check, Su Yingxue turned around and threw herself into Li Mu's arms. She stood on tiptoe and kissed him gently on the tip of his lips. Then, she pushed her box again and entered the security check with her classmates.

This kind of kiss was common among young couples, but it still shocked Su Yingxue's parents for a while.

After Su Yingxue entered the security check, she could no longer be seen outside. Li Mu asked Su Weimin and Fang Min, "Uncle, Auntie, are you going back to Haizhou or staying in Yan Jing for a few days?"

Su Weimin said with a smile, "We're on vacation. We'll stay in Yan Jing for two days and return to Haizhou the day after tomorrow. What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I'll leave later. The plane will take off in the afternoon. Why don't we find a place nearby for dinner?

And Auntie Su and Uncle Wang. "

Su Weimin asked in surprise, "Are you in such a hurry to leave?

What time is the flight? "

Li Mu said, "It's temporarily scheduled to take off at two o 'clock."

Su Weimin looked at his watch and said, "If it takes off at two o 'clock, the time is quite tight. Can we make it?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "We can. The departure time can be postponed. It doesn't matter if it's late."

Fang Min couldn't help saying, "Li Mu, the plane doesn't wait for people. Don't delay your business."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Auntie, don't worry. It's a business plane I rented. It doesn't matter when it takes off."

To some extent, renting a business plane from a charter company was more worry-free than a private plane, especially when it came to the application of the route and the permission to take off. The charter company always had his connections and connections. The application for the route to Hangzhou had already been settled. As for the specific departure time, he only needed to communicate with the control tower of Yan Jing Airport. The time was much more flexible.

Fang Min suddenly realized that with Li Mu's current status, it would be difficult for him to take a flight with others. Although it was still extremely rare to buy a private plane in China, it was not news to rent a private plane.

Having figured this out, Fang Min looked at her husband, hoping that he would make the decision.

Su Weimin felt that it was a rare opportunity to see Li Mu. Since he said he wanted to have a meal together, he naturally had no reason to refuse.

So Su Weimin said to Li Mu, "Then let's have a simple meal. It's mainly because your auntie and I haven't seen you for a long time. If you don't have anything else to do in the afternoon, we can have a drink at noon."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, I'll have a drink with you."

…

For Su Weimin's family, and even Su Yuehua's family, Li Mu's identity made them feel excited and lucky, but it also made them feel illusory and unreal.

Su Weimin also had a surreal feeling from time to time. He always felt that his daughter's boyfriend, who was so outstanding that he was abnormal, was extraordinarily unreal. However, the seat under his ass and the mansion that his sister was living in were real, and they all had an inseparable relationship with Li Mu.

As a father, Su Weimin was naturally very pleased that his daughter found such a boyfriend, but on the other hand, he always felt particularly insecure for Su Yingxue.

At the dinner table, Li Mu and Su Weimin ordered a few bottles of beer. As the two drank and drank, Su Weimin chatted with him a lot, but he always controlled himself and didn't lead the topic to his daughter who had just flown away.

Originally, he wanted to say something about Li Mu. His daughter would be away for half a year. In this half a year, he hoped that Li Mu wouldn't abandon her. However, after being the head of the municipal bureau for a long time, Su Weimin gradually understood a set of principles. Many things were like a case. No matter how accidental the case was, there was a great inevitability behind it. Any human intervention could have a huge impact on the butterfly effect.

He once interfered in the relationship between his daughter and Li Mu. At that time, he didn't know the amazing potential that Li Mu had. He just felt that his daughter was far from the age to fall in love, so he tried to stop the development of the two. If he had succeeded, then he would probably be in front of the TV every day, watching the news about Li Mu on the TV, regretting it to the point of beating his chest and stamping his feet.

Fortunately, his daughter's stubbornness was like a powerful corrective mechanism, correcting the mistake he had made in this matter. So now he was extra cautious and did not dare to interfere with the relationship between the two, even if it was completely out of good intentions.