Chapter 1593

Ever since Li Mu had been reborn, he had been a workaholic through and through.

The reason he worked so hard was no longer just to earn money, but for the satisfaction he felt every time his product model succeeded.

Without Li Mu, the internet in this world would develop normally according to its original pattern. However, what Li Mu wanted to do was to break this pattern and bring the things that would only appear in the future to the present one by one.

It was easy to bring the model over, but to be able to bring the model over successfully was a test of his ability to control and adapt. Therefore, when he figured out the current business process of the takeout O2O business, he was immediately eager to give it a try.

Wei Lan had placed a pot of water on the gas stove to boil. When she saw Li Mu holding the instant noodles absent-mindedly, she walked over and took the instant noodles into her hands. As she opened the packaging, she asked him, "What are you thinking about?

It's like you've lost your soul. "

Li Mu came back to his senses and said with a smile, "I'm thinking of a new business model."

Wei Lan asked curiously, "What model?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "A take-out model. In the future, if you want to eat anything, you don't have to go out to eat. You can just order online."

Wei Lan laughed and said, "Isn't it easy for you to achieve this? Just go to a nearby restaurant and ask them if they deliver food. If they deliver food, just ask them for a list. When you want to eat, just call them and ask them to deliver it to you."

Li Mu asked her in return, "What if I want more choices?"

Wei Lan said, "Then you can find a few more restaurants and get a few more take-out lists."

Speaking up to this point, Wei Lan said, "I have seven or eight take-out lists at home. There are noodle restaurants, Sichuan cuisine, Yanjing local cuisine, and Western cuisine. There are many kinds."

Li Mu said, "That's too troublesome. You have to get a lot of menus. These menus only have names and no pictures, so there's no visual experience. Also, it's very difficult to update the menu. If a restaurant has a new dish, if you don't change the menu, you'll never know it just by ordering takeout."

Wei Lan nodded. "That's true. What kind of takeout do you want?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "What I'm going to do is to add all the restaurants in Yan Jing to the online takeout platform. Every restaurant will have a visual menu, and it will be updated in time. You can order whatever you want to eat and then place the order and pay."

"All the restaurants in Yan Jing?"

Wei Lan said in surprise, "There are some restaurants that don't do takeout themselves. They don't have people in charge of deliveries. There's a restaurant downstairs that has very good donkey meat. I've always hoped that they could open a delivery service, but they don't have enough people, so they haven't started."

Li Mu said, "That's why my delivery platform doesn't need the stores to deliver themselves. I will set up a special delivery team to be responsible for the delivery."

"Send a team?" Wei Lan cried out in surprise. "Wouldn't that require a lot of people?

I'm guessing that we'll need a few thousand people in Beijing. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right. Won't it provide thousands or even tens of thousands of jobs for Beijing?"

Wei Lan said, "But the cost is very high. One person's salary is one to two thousand yuan a month. Ten thousand people will be ten to twenty million yuan, and one to two hundred million a year …"

Li Mu said, "I don't have to pay for their salaries. The users will pay for them."

Wei Lan asked, "Users?

You mean you want the users to pay for the delivery? "

Li Mu nodded. "You still need to pay for postage when you send things. Isn't it normal to pay for the delivery of food?"

Wei Lan said, "But the price of takeout is very low to begin with. Sometimes, it only costs a few yuan for a person to eat a portion of rice with meat and vegetables. I'm afraid they won't be able to accept it if you ask them to pay a few yuan for the delivery, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The consumption habits of users are actually cultivated. From a practical point of view, your question is right. You've asked the key point. Most users will definitely not be willing to pay for the delivery. In comparison, they might be more willing to go out and buy their own food to save a few yuan in the delivery fee."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu changed the topic. "But you have to know that humans are lazy animals. Once a new product saves them on labor costs, it will be very attractive to them. The only problem is how much extra cost they will have to pay."

"So, my idea is to not charge any delivery fees for the first half a year or even a year after the delivery platform goes live. If the restaurant sells it for five yuan, I'll charge you five yuan. I'll also buy it from the restaurant and deliver it to you."

"This way, you'll definitely accept it quickly and quickly rely on the delivery service I provide. Over time, I'll cultivate a kind of laziness in you. This laziness is called 'I don't want to go downstairs to buy takeout, I don't want to go downstairs to eat, I just want others to deliver it to me'."

"Once this laziness penetrates deep into your bones, your dependence on me will reach a peak. At that time, I'll tell you that I'm sorry, but from today onwards, we'll have to charge delivery fees from users. Each order will cost three yuan. Although you'll be very reluctant to part with these three yuan, what you'll be even more reluctant to part with is the laziness that's already in your bones. You'll think that it's fine to spend three yuan more. In short, don't make me buy it myself and eat it myself."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu as if she was looking at a monster and sighed. "You're too ruthless when it comes to your users!"

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Is there a problem?"

Wei Lan shook her head. "No problem. It's just that I suddenly feel a little afraid in my heart. I don't know what other people and industries have cultivated this laziness in me."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's too many. Let's not talk about others. Buses will cultivate the laziness of not wanting to walk or ride; taxis will cultivate the laziness of not wanting to squeeze in public transportation; text messaging will cultivate the laziness of not wanting to talk; and online shopping will cultivate the laziness of not wanting to shop. So, what I'm going to cultivate next is the laziness of users who are too lazy to go out to eat and buy takeout to go home."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu continued, "In fact, such a takeout platform will not only cultivate the laziness of users, but it will also cultivate the greed of merchants. For example, a small restaurant with six tables, no matter how high the turnover rate is, the number of customers a day will still have a very low ceiling. Moreover, due to the lack of exposure, it's very likely that most of the time, there won't be enough seats or even empty seats. But if it's connected to my takeout platform, its exposure will increase exponentially. Users can directly place orders online. In this way, even if the store's capacity reaches its limit, as long as they still have production capacity, they can sell online. Online takeout will not have to worry about the turnover rate at all."

"Perhaps under normal circumstances, a store can receive up to 200 customers a day at most. But after opening the online takeout channel, it can sell 500 or even 1,000 takeouts a day. This is a huge new revenue channel for the store. Over time, we will take up more than half of their income. When that time comes, they will have a serious income dependence on us and will not be able to leave us at all."

"If they can't leave us, then we have to share a piece of the pie with them. Either I take a certain percentage of the sales as the remuneration I deserve, or I open up the resource sales and let the merchants bid for the resources on the platform. In this case, as a middleman, I can earn a service fee from both the buyer and the seller, and the profits of the platform will naturally come out."

Li Mu understood very well how the Internet affected a person in the long run. It dug a hole for users step by step and made them jump into it. Many new models started burning money like crazy. Users thought that they had picked up a bargain, but in fact, they were falling into the hole that the other party had dug for them.

When the taxi-hailing software was competing, users might only need to pay 5 yuan for a taxi-hailing fee that was originally 20 yuan.

When the take-out software was competing, users might not have to spend a penny to buy a 10-yuan takeout, and they might even get a subsidy of 2 or 3 yuan from the platform.

It was the same when the various vertical e-commerce websites were competing. They would give up their profits at the beginning and play the image of "I'm a fool, come and take advantage of me" in front of the consumers. Then, they would trick the users into their own pit.

Once these platforms nurtured the laziness of the users to a certain extent, they would immediately turn their backs on the users. The taxi fare that was originally 20 yuan would now be 30 yuan, and it would increase by 50% during peak periods, and it would cost 45 yuan. You don't want to take it?

It doesn't matter if you don't take it, because if you don't take it, you won't be able to get a taxi at all.

To put it bluntly, they would use low prices and subsidies to trick you into their pit. When you can't leave them, they would directly raise the cost and double the money back.

This was similar to the Marlboro cigarette company in the United States in the middle of the last century, giving away free cigarettes across the United States. Are you a smoker?

Oh yeah, that's fine. Get lost. What? You don't smoke?

Hey, don't go. I'll give you a pack for free. Try it?

Tobacco companies used a pack of cigarettes to trick users into their pit. When the user became addicted, they would earn 30 years' or even a lifetime's worth of money. This was basically the same as the internet companies.

In Feng Yu's previous life, the CEO of a taxi-hailing platform had also said that the increase in the price now was to pay back the debt that he had given them back then.

What he said was the truth. So many investors had invested tens of billions of US dollars, and they were waiting for the day when they could get back their capital with interest. However, their behavior was really too ugly. In the past, they would compensate users 5 to 10 yuan per order, and at most, 15 yuan. What about now?

In a first-tier city, a taxi fare could easily increase by a few tens or even one or two hundred yuan. The increase in the cost of a single order would at least start from tens of yuan. The interest rate was a little too f * cking high.

Also, there was no longer any subsidy for a 10-yuan takeout. Some platforms with ugly behavior would not only charge you 5 yuan for delivery, but also 3 yuan for packaging.

Of the 5 yuan delivery fee, part of it was the cost, and part of it was the platform's profits.

The wholesale cost of a 3 yuan packaging box was not more than 30 cents. This money was usually divided between the platform and the merchant. Sometimes, the platform would hurt the merchant's feelings if it asked for money directly. So, they came up with such a shameless method. Every order would cost 2 to 3 yuan for packaging. The merchant would get a small cut, and the platform would get a big cut. This way, the platform would have more profits, and they would not need to take money from the merchant's pocket. So, both sides happily cheated the user's money together.

When you pay an extra 8 yuan for an order, it might take an hour for the order to be delivered to you. Don't be unhappy. If you are not happy, you can go out and eat by yourself.