Chapter 999

Cai Chongxin was extremely shocked by Boss Ma's madness. At this moment, he felt that Boss Ma was no longer the Boss Ma he was familiar with. Boss Ma's face was filled with the madness of a gambler, which made him involuntarily panic.

He looked at Boss Ma's stubborn look and wanted to give up on persuading him. But before he gave up, he couldn't help but say, "Boss Ma, even if our platform falls, we still have to develop in the internet industry. It's okay if we lose our business, but if we lose our reputation and credibility, then we really have nothing."

Boss Ma frowned and asked him, "If I don't do this, what do you think will happen?"

Cai Chongxin said, "If we don't do this, I can't guess what will happen. But if we insist on doing this, I can at least be sure of one thing: Doing this will have no practical meaning, and it won't help us in any way."

Boss Ma sneered and stared at Cai Chongxin. "Do you think I'm crazy? Do you think I've lost my mind now?"

Cai Chongxin hurriedly said, "That's not what I meant."

Boss Ma waved his hand and said, "I know what you mean!

Let me tell you, I'm not crazy, nor have I lost my mind. Do you know the real reason why I sealed the rights of these sellers? "

Cai Chongxin shook his head. "I don't know."

Boss Ma said coldly, "If you don't know, then I'll tell you!

Sealing their rights is equivalent to forcing them not to run to the Taobao Network! "

As he said that, Boss Ma said emotionally, "These sellers are fence-sitters. If we don't restrict them, they will delete all the information of their products in Letao and scram. Then what will we have left?"

Cai Chongxin nodded and said, "You're right. If we don't seal their rights, they will definitely delete all the information of their products and wait for the Taobao Alliance to promote them. But then again, even if we force them to keep their information, we won't be able to keep their hearts. A melon that is forcefully twisted won't be sweet. Forcing them to keep their information in Letao is meaningless."

Boss Ma snorted and said, "A melon that is forcefully twisted won't be sweet, but it can quench one's thirst!"

Then, Boss Ma asked Cai Chongxin, "Have you heard of such news? A girl was kidnapped by human traffickers and sold to the mountains. She was bought by a farmer to be his wife. The whole family and even the whole village were watching her, so she had no chance to escape. She couldn't escape and could only live in the buyer's house. After a few years, she was already a mother of several children. Suddenly, one day, the police found her and said that they wanted to rescue her and reunite her with her family, but she refused because she felt that this was her home. She had lived here for so long and had so many children."

Cai Chongxin looked at Boss Ma in shock and asked, "Boss Ma, what are you trying to say?"

Boss Ma said, "What I'm trying to say is that if the buyer doesn't want to let go of the wife he bought, we can't let these sellers go for nothing. We have to drag them down and make them accept the current situation. In this way, we still have a chance to keep them. Otherwise, it'll be a wasted effort!"

Cai Chongxin suddenly felt a chill in his heart. It was so cold that he couldn't help but shiver.

At that moment, Boss Ma didn't notice the abnormality in Cai Chongxin's eyes. He continued to say, "We want to drag them into becoming abandoned children of Taobao. When that time comes, Le Tao will be the shelter for these abandoned children of Taobao!"

…

Le Tao's continuous announcements made the Taobao sellers who opened shops on its website scold them. However, Le Tao didn't care at all. It looked like it had nothing to lose.

Meanwhile, the huge role of the Taobao Alliance continued to ferment.

Due to the integration of too many traffic resources, the Taobao website was like a vast ocean of Internet traffic. It was enough to benefit a large number of Taobao sellers who met the requirements of the Taobao Alliance.

There were many Taobao sellers like Han Wei who benefited greatly from the Taobao Alliance. Their real cases attracted more individual sellers to flock to Taobao. Opening an online shop on Taobao quickly became a money-making craze. It even became a social phenomenon.

The Internet industry watched as Li Mu set off another whirlwind. He used the "Taobao Alliance" to bring the C2C business that Taobao didn't pay attention to to to an unprecedented height. It also completely stimulated the development of personal online shops. Li Mu's ability to make clouds and rain with a flip of his hand made his image even more legendary in the industry.

At that moment, Taobao suddenly announced another major move: the first Hua Xia individual webmaster conference on Taobao was about to be held. They also sent invitations to more than a thousand webmasters in the country.

Taobao's invitation was also quite generous. The venue was a five-star hotel in the suburbs of Yanjing City. The travel and accommodation expenses were all covered by Taobao.

Li Mu had now become the idol of all the individual webmasters in the country. He was even their godfather. Therefore, to these individual webmasters who received the invitation, most of them agreed without hesitation. On the first day the message was sent out, there were more than six hundred people who were willing and able to attend the individual webmaster conference.

In this individual webmaster conference, the Taobao officials did not mention the Taobao Alliance. However, people with a discerning eye knew that the individual webmaster conference that Taobao was organizing was to pave the way for the Taobao Alliance and to form cliques. These more than a thousand individual webmasters would swarm over, not to have an exchange meeting, but to pay their respects.

Li Mu now had a way to let the individual webmasters earn more money. Naturally, the individual webmasters would treat him as the God of Wealth. The Taobao Alliance was equivalent to an enterprise that collected grain at the highest price, attracting all the grain farmers to sell their grain to them.

The day before Li Mu was about to hold a farewell ceremony for the Makino Technology employees in the United States, Liu Xiaodong came to Li Mu's office and conveyed a very important message to Li Mu. This time, among the small and medium-sized Taobao sellers, a small number of sellers were selling fake goods, and the amount involved was huge.

Since the Taobao Alliance did not have the ability to identify the authenticity of goods, Li Mu deliberately let the Taobao Alliance block some keywords that contained famous brands during the automatic product screening process. In other words, if a seller's store had a pair of Nike shoes that sold very well, it originally had all the conditions to be recommended by the Taobao Alliance. However, because of the keywords Nike or NIKE in the product description, such a product would never get any chance to be promoted.

To a certain extent, this was also because Li Mu wanted to be opportunistic. He had no way, manpower, and energy to check the platform's products one by one. Therefore, he could only decisively give up a small portion and preserve the majority.

If the seller sold branded products, Li Mu could not check them one by one. Therefore, he directly cut off the source and simply did not promote any branded products or products related to branded brands. In this way, the possibility of the system recommending fake goods was eliminated. To a certain extent, this was also because Li Mu wanted to be opportunistic.

However, there were policies and countermeasures. The sellers were also very smart. After discovering that the Taobao Alliance would not promote branded products, they began to actively promote fake products to users. For example, an ordinary shoe in a store was selling well, and it was an unknown brand. In this case, this shoe was promoted by the Taobao Alliance. When a large number of users poured in, they began to recommend fake Nike shoes to the sellers in private chat.

It was for this reason that many ordinary consumers were eventually deceived by unscrupulous sellers. For a time, there was a surge of complaints on the platform, which was then investigated by Liu Shixiong.

After Li Mu heard the news, not only did Li Mu not worry, but he excitedly slapped his thigh and said, "Very good, the dirty meat that attracts flies is here!"

…