Chapter 928

After Taobao stunned the whole country on Brand Day, it had become a key high-tech demonstration enterprise of the country. It received a series of corporate tax exemption policies, which was definitely the most generous of the government's support for enterprises. However, at that time, the municipal government was not involved. It just so happened that many areas of people's livelihood, such as the settlement policy for outstanding talents, as well as the relevant application and approval of land use for enterprises, had to be communicated with the municipal government.

The two difficulties of drifting in Beijing were settling down and buying a house. This was also the core problem that Li Mu wanted to solve for his employees.

Houses were easy to solve. Now many residential areas in the East Third Ring Road had been built. In the future, a large number of welfare properties for the employees of the two companies would gradually be completed. In the future, people could directly go to work from the East Third Ring Road to Zhongguancun on Subway Line 10, which was convenient and fast.

In Li Mu's opinion, it would be even better if the municipal government could approve some residential land for the two companies.

There were many precedents of corporate housing, but most of them were state-owned enterprises or even central enterprises. However, some fast-growing private enterprises could often get support from local governments in terms of corporate housing land. The price of the land for corporate housing was very low, and it might even be given by the government for free. For enterprises, the construction cost of corporate housing was much lower than that of commercial housing.

For the employees, there was no difference in the corporate housing except that there was no specific property certificate for each household. Moreover, with Li Mu's style of doing things, it was absolutely impossible for the corporate housing of Makino Technology or Taobao to make a profit. The employees could pay the cost price, which was definitely much lower than that of commercial housing.

Of course, for the two companies now, the most important thing was the corporate office land!

Zhao Xianliang's land in Hangzhou gave Li Mu great inspiration. As a company that had made great contributions and significance to the local area, it was not out of line to apply for corporate land from the government. Moreover, Makino Technology and Taobao were both well-known high-tech enterprises in the country. It was natural for the local government to fully support them.

Once the government granted land to Makino Technology and Taobao Network, he would concentrate on developing a headquarters base that could accommodate at least thousands or even tens of thousands of people to prepare for rapid development in the future.

Early the next morning, Li Mu arrived at the company and met with Liu Shixiong, who had arrived early. The two privately settled the requirements that they were going to propose to the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee. After the requirements were finalized, Liu Shixiong asked Li Mu worriedly, "Are we asking for too much?

Don't leave a bad impression on the leaders of the Municipal Committee. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry. The things we want are indeed too much for ordinary enterprises. But for the municipal government, it's just a piece of cake. The only question is whether they are willing to give it to us. And the key to whether they are willing to give it to us or not is what we can bring them."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said with a smile, "I'm afraid there will always be a process of bargaining. It depends on how much they can decide in the end. I hope they can get what they want."

Li Mu said with certainty, "We definitely can."

At ten o 'clock in the morning, the main leaders of the municipal government, together with the district leaders, arrived at Makino Technology on time. The leader was Ou Guangqing, the leader of the Municipal Party Committee.

Being led by the leader of the Municipal Party Committee was a very high treatment for local enterprises in Yan Jing. For enterprises, even an inspection by a leader of an ordinary ministry was not as important as an inspection by the leader of the Municipal Party Committee.

Because the Municipal Party Committee was the parent of the local government, it had a lot of power in its hands. It could directly give a lot of preferential policies to the enterprises. From small things like opening a new bus route for the convenience of the enterprises, to big things like granting a tax rebate policy to the enterprises and granting dozens of acres of land to the enterprises, almost all of them could be directly decided by the Municipal Party Committee.

Last time when Minister Zhen came for inspection, it was difficult for him to give any direct preferential policies to the Taobao Network with his identity if it was not for the instructions of the senior leaders. But Ou Guangqing was different. He had a lot of power, and he could directly affect Makino Technology and Taobao Network.

Today, Ou Guangqing led a team to inspect Makino Technology, and he was also looking forward to it. Ou Guangqing knew very well what was the motive of Makino Technology and Taobao Network when he took the initiative to invite the leader of the Municipal Party Committee for inspection. In his opinion, he could give all the support that Li Mu wanted, as long as he did not make any mistakes after giving it. But naturally, he could not give it too quickly.

In Ou Guangqing's view, Li Mu was a man of God. The speed of his development and rise was beyond imagination. His two enterprises were under his nose, but before he really realized the great potential of Li Mu, some of the big shots in the senior leaders had a whole new level of respect for him. Moreover, during this period of time, Li Mu's development had entered a new height. He had gone abroad and created influence all over the world. At this time, as the parent of the enterprise, he must tie more ties with Li Mu.

In front of many cameras of the media, Li Mu shook hands with many leaders of the Municipal Party Committee and the District Party Committee, including Ou Guangqing, and greeted them one by one at Makino Technology. His attitude of welcoming the leaders for inspection was particularly warm and sincere. Ou Guangqing also repeatedly praised Li Mu in front of the cameras for being young and promising and particularly affirmed the achievements of Makino Technology.

The inspection itself was just a formality. The main purpose was to provide enough video material for the media to use for follow-up reports. The real work-related content of the inspection was often done in private.

Li Mu led the leaders to inspect all the departments of Makino Technology, with the focus on the YY department. Ou Guangqing gave great affirmation to YY's innovation and achievements both at home and abroad in front of the cameras. At the same time, in front of the media, he praised YY as the most successful Internet product in the country. He also hoped that Li Mu could: "Be a good example, drive, and even promote the development of the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia, especially the Internet enterprises in Yan Jing."

These words sounded a little fake, but it gave Li Mu a different feeling.

First of all, Ou Guangqing's use of words like "drive, and even promote" was very worthy of consideration. Leaders were very skillful in their speech, and even had the art of officialdom. At first glance, the words "drive" and "promote" didn't seem to be different, but after careful consideration, there was a big difference.

"Drive" was more about taking the lead, but it didn't necessarily mean that it was active. It could also mean that it was passive. As long as Li Mu walked in front of the Internet enterprises in the country, he had already played a role in driving the Internet enterprises in the country. As for whether they could keep up and how close they were to him, that was their problem. Li Mu might not take the initiative to interfere.

However, the meaning of "promote" was very active. It required him to take the initiative to promote the advancement of other Internet enterprises. The sense of responsibility was suddenly magnified.

Because he caught Ou Guangqing's words, Li Mu guessed in his heart that it seemed that not only he had a need for the Municipal Party Committee, but the Municipal Party Committee should also have a need for him.

As for what this need was, Li Mu felt that it was likely to be related to the development of the Internet industry in Yanjing. Yanjing was originally the core area of Hua Xia's Internet industry, and he was the leader in the industry. Ou Guangqing might want him to promote the development of the Internet enterprises in Yanjing.

However, Li Mu didn't reject this kind of thing in his heart. As long as he could reach a consensus with the Municipal Party Committee, he was also willing to take out energy and financial resources to support the overall development of the Internet enterprises in Yanjing.

The inspection lasted for about two hours. According to the requirements of the Municipal Party Committee Office, all the leaders had lunch in the conference room of Makino Technology. The lunch was box lunch provided by the restaurant designated by the Municipal Party Committee. Li Mu, Kong Lingyu, Lin Ching-ah, and Liu Shixiong accompanied the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee and had a simple lunch in the conference room.

When they were eating, there were reporters following them. Ou Guangqing deliberately let Li Mu sit next to him, and took advantage of the time to chat with Li Mu. Ou Guangqing was in his forties this year and belonged to the young generation of officials. He was very modest and good at communicating, so he left a good impression on Li Mu.

After lunch, the media was still there, so Ou Guangqing organized a meeting and said to Li Mu half-jokingly and half-seriously, "Today I brought the key leaders of several departments of the Municipal Party Committee and the District Party Committee. As the largest Internet company in our city, Makino Technology is naturally the focus of the municipal government's support. The Municipal Party Committee has always attached great importance to your development. If you have any needs for the municipal government in the process of development in the future, just mention it. As long as it can be met, the municipal government will try its best to meet it."

Li Mu smiled gratefully and said, "Thank you, Secretary Ou, for your concern. Makino Technology will continue to work hard and live up to your expectations and love."

Ou Guangqing nodded slightly and thought that this guy was really cunning. Now that the media was still there, he only said nice words in front of the media, but did not mention any needs. It seemed that he must wait for the media to leave before talking about business. So he said, "In this case, let's first understand the current situation of Makino Technology in depth. We can also have an in-depth talk to see if the municipal government can provide some help to make your development faster and better."

Speaking of this, Ou Guangqing said to the reporters around him, "Dear friends of the media, the next step may involve some trade secrets of Makino Technology, so please leave for a while."

The media itself was also very clear that this was not a public meeting of the government, but a private meeting between the government and private companies. It was impossible for the media to be present when the real business was being discussed. They just wanted to take pictures of the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee and the leaders of Makino Technology in the conference room for the purpose of reporting. Now that the purpose had been achieved, they immediately retreated in an orderly manner.

As soon as the media left, Ou Guangqing looked at Li Mu with a smile and said, "Xiao Li, your two companies are the representatives of high-tech enterprises in our city, and also the leaders of the Internet enterprises in the country. If there is anything you need help from the Municipal Party Committee, can you tell us now?"

Li Mu smiled slightly shyly and did not directly answer Ou Guangqing's question. Instead, he asked him with a smile, "Secretary Ou, you just said that you hope that we can 'drive and even promote' the development of enterprises in the industry. I want to know if the Municipal Party Committee has any specific needs in this regard for Makino Technology and Taobao Network?"

Li Mu deliberately emphasized the word "promote". He thought that since the superior leader had a need for him, then he should not mention his own needs first. He should first express that he was willing to share the burden of the government, and then understand what the Municipal Party Committee needed from him.

Ou Guangqing looked at Li Mu in surprise. He felt that this young man was more and more interesting.

It was understandable that Li Mu invited him to come for an inspection. It was obvious that he wanted to ask for needs and policy support, but when he came, he became reserved.

Moreover, it was fine that Li Mu did not mention his own needs, but he even read the hidden meaning of his words and took the initiative to let him mention his needs first. It seemed that this kid was not only smart, but also had a big appetite. Otherwise, with his style of doing things, he was afraid that the reporters would list out his needs one by one as soon as they left.

Li Mu really wanted a lot. If he asked the leader directly, he was afraid that he would scare the leader, and he was also afraid that the leader would bargain. Coincidentally, he just guessed the hidden meaning of Ou Guangqing's words and saw that Ou Guangqing seemed to have needs for him, so he thought that he might as well let Ou Guangqing mention his needs first. If he could meet Ou Guangqing's needs first, then it would be easier to talk about his own needs.

Ou Guangqing hesitated for a moment and quickly made up his mind. He said to Li Mu, "Okay, since you said so, then I will talk about some of the plans of the Municipal Party Committee first."

Li Mu hurriedly nodded, "Please go ahead."

Ou Guangqing said, "Recently, the whole country has been paying attention to Makino Technology, Taobao, and the entire Internet industry. Not only is the public concerned, but even the number of network technology companies registered during this period has increased by 8.5 times compared to the same period last year. From this, it can be seen that your two companies have played a very strong role in popularizing the Internet in the country, as well as the craze of entrepreneurship in the Internet industry. Moreover, now the country has also introduced the" Internet into the home "policy, and even the network operators are following suit to reduce fees and speed up. I believe that our domestic Internet will definitely usher in a period of rapid development."

Ou Guangqing first laid the foundation for the current situation of the industry, then paused, cleared his throat, and said, "Our Yanjing is the gathering place of the national Internet companies. Most of the Internet companies and Internet talents are gathered in Yanjing, so the Municipal Party Committee and the Municipal Government hope that the government can personally come forward and introduce a policy to promote the development of the industry. However, it is a bit difficult to promote this policy by the Municipal Party Committee and the Municipal Government alone, so I hope that you can assist us in this matter."

When Li Mu heard this, he immediately said, "It is a good thing to promote the development of the industry, but Secretary Ou, can you give a brief introduction of what the basic policy of the government is like?"

Ou Guangqing said, "I hope that the Municipal Government can take the lead, and Makino Technology can assist. Both of us will jointly organize an Internet Entrepreneurship Competition within our city."

"Entrepreneurship Competition?" Li Mu's eyes lit up, and he suddenly became very interested!

Entrepreneurship Competition, this is a great opportunity to collect excellent projects and outstanding talents. Why didn't I think of it!

…