Chapter 170

When Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu knocked on the door of Xie Tingfang's house, Xie Tingfang's face was full of surprise.

Li Mu was a handsome guy. He was clean and masculine, so his overall appearance was relatively outstanding. However, he couldn't be compared with Zhao Ziqiu because her appearance was absolutely top-notch. Xie Tingfang was mainly surprised by Zhao Ziqiu's appearance. She was really beautiful, even more beautiful than the female anchors in her unit. Moreover, when she stood side by side with Li Mu, the first thing that came to Xie Tingfang's mind was that they were a perfect match.

"Hello, Auntie." Zhao Ziqiu greeted politely and bowed slightly, which made Xie Tingfang have a good impression of her.

Xie Tingfang hurriedly said, "Hello, may I ask who you are?"

Zhao Ziqiu introduced, "We are from the 3321 website. Because you successfully bid for a tutor on our website, we also confirmed that we received your payment, so we came to verify it."

Xie Tingfang quickly nodded and asked, "What do you want to verify?"

Zhao Ziqiu glanced at Li Mu, and Li Mu said, "It's like this, Auntie. We mainly want to verify your identity information and your housing information, which is your ID card and property ownership certificate. If you are renting a house, please show us the rental contract."

Xie Tingfang had a good impression of the two young people in front of her. She hurriedly invited them in and said to Xiao Jie, "Husband, they are here to verify the information. Take out your ID card and property ownership certificate."

Xiao Jie nodded and hurriedly went into the bedroom to find the documents. Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were invited to sit on the sofa in Xie Tingfang's house. Xie Tingfang poured a cup of water for the two of them and asked curiously, "I see that you two are still very young. You should still be students, right?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Yes, Auntie, we are all freshmen."

Xie Tingfang asked with great interest, "Which university are you students from?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I'm from Beijing University, he's from the National People's Congress."

Xie Tingfang asked again, "Then what's your relationship with 3321?

Part-time employee? "

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and said with a smile, "I'm working part-time for 3321, but he's not. He's the founder of 3321."

Xie Tingfang looked at Li Mu in surprise and blurted out, "No way?

You founded 3321? "

Li Mu had never planned to hide anything about 3321, so he immediately said openly, "That's right, Auntie, 3321 was founded by me."

"Oh my god …" Xie Tingfang never thought that the 3321 website that she had been following for a few days was actually founded by a freshman. She was already very shocked by 3321, but now the shock was magnified countless times.

Xie Tingfang suddenly became interested. She had a lot of curiosity about Li Mu and 3321, so she asked Li Mu, "Pardon me for asking, but you've just entered university. Logically speaking, you haven't really familiarized yourself with the environment yet, so why did you think of founding 3321?

What's your motive? "

Li Mu said casually, "My motive is nothing more than to help my classmates find a job that can reflect their personal value. Nowadays, parents of high school students don't realize that these freshmen who just got into a famous school actually have the most detailed understanding of the entire twelfth grade. If they tutor the twelfth grade students, one person can teach all or most of the courses, and it will save a lot of trouble."

Xie Tingfang nodded. This was also the reason why she and her husband decided to give 3321 a try. They didn't like their children constantly changing teachers for tutoring, going here today, going there tomorrow. They also didn't want the communication between the children and the teachers to be too difficult. Choosing 3321 was actually a bold attempt. If it wasn't suitable, they would only lose a thousand yuan or so. In the past two years, they had also lost a lot of money in this area. However, if it was really suitable, then it would solve a big problem for them. For the children's university entrance exam, spending a little money was nothing.

At this time, Xiao Jie just happened to take out his ID. Li Mu began to verify the ID and the property certificate. Xie Tingfang pulled her husband Xiao Jie to the side and whispered to him, "Hubby, this young man is the founder of 3321, and he's a freshman!"

"Oh my god …" Xiao Jie also felt that it was a little unbelievable. He never thought that the person behind 3321 would be such a young man.

Xiao Jie looked at Xie Tingfang and whispered, "Honey, this is a huge news point!"

Xie Tingfang nodded and smiled. "Do you think your wife is stupid? I'm the director of a news program. How could I not realize the news point in this?"

Xiao Jie asked, "Then what are you going to do?"

Xie Tingfang said almost without thinking, "I want to do an exclusive interview and a special report."

"Now?"

"Of course not. Right now, I can only do an oral interview and write a written article. I want to do a follow-up report. It's best to choose a university student from 3321 as the starting point, then follow him to the employer's home for a tutoring session and record the whole process. This will be more convincing."

"Not bad, not bad."

Xiao Jie smiled and said, "3321 will definitely be very popular. It's just that many people haven't grasped this hot topic yet. If your program can do a special report, I think it will definitely have a bright future."

Xie Tingfang said, "I'll talk to him later. I don't know if this young man will agree."

Li Mu quickly verified the relevant information. When the employer registered, they had already filled in their relevant information. He was only here to verify the match. If there were no problems, even if the employer passed the verification, he would go back and report the data to 3321. The student chosen by her would receive a message from the station. The message would say that the other party's fee had been paid and the other party's information had been verified, so he could proceed with the program without worry.

Li Mu returned the ID and property certificate to Xie Tingfang and said politely, "Auntie, we've verified the information. We'll inform you today. The student who won the bid will be able to come to your home for lessons as soon as tomorrow. Thank you for your cooperation."

Xie Tingfang hurriedly said, "You don't have to be so polite. Young man, can I discuss something with you?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Go ahead."

Xie Tingfang organized her words and said, "I'm the director of Yanjing TV Station's evening news program. Because we've been paying attention to 3321 for a few days, we're very interested in its planning, implementation, and follow-up development. I wonder if we can arrange an interview with you and do a news special report."

When Li Mu heard that the other party was the director of a news program, he felt a burst of surprise in his heart. He couldn't help but ask, "What do you mean by an interview and a special report?"

Xie Tingfang said, "An interview is a personal interview. A special report is a little more complicated. For example, if we choose to do a special report called 'A Day of Tutoring a College Student,' then we have to first choose the protagonist of the special report and then follow him. In the process of following him, we'll also have some interviews. The goal is to record the whole process of tutoring him. When it's broadcasted, we can also let people know what's going on."

Li Mu almost agreed without hesitation. He blurted out, "I don't have any objections to an interview or a special report. It's up to you."

Xie Tingfang said, "Generally speaking, for a new thing like 3321, I think it's better to do a special report first and then do an interview. This is because a special report can increase the popularity of the platform. Users will definitely understand your platform first before they will pay additional attention to you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then let's do a special report. I don't have any objections. But I don't know if you have any requirements on the time."

Xie Tingfang hurriedly said, "Let's leave each other's contact information. When you're sure that you have time, you can directly call me."

Li Mu naturally didn't refuse. He and Xie Tingfang exchanged phone numbers.

Xie Tingfang said, "It's best if the special report has enough time. It's best if we can decide on the original identity of the person in the news today. Then, we'll go and meet with the person first. Tomorrow, we can start following them."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "We have a king on our website. He's the top scorer of the college entrance examination in Liao Province last year. He's also the student with the most weight on our website. We'll contact him and his employer tonight. If they're okay with it, you guys can directly follow them."

Xie Tingfang was delighted. She hurriedly said, "Then can we speed up the pace?

It's best if we can confirm things with the person being followed tonight.

Li Mu said, "Of course. I'll contact Han Bowen tonight. If he's okay with it, we can do it anytime."

Xie Tingfang nodded and said, "Then I'll wait for your news. If everything goes well, we'll send out a team tomorrow. The day after tomorrow, which is Monday, it will be on the news."

…

Li Mu was very interested in Xie Tingfang's suggestion. Traditional media was still the king. If Beijing TV Station could do a special shoot for 3321, Li Mu wouldn't dare to say anything else, but it would be no problem for him to be a little popular in Beijing.

After leaving Xie Tingfang's house, Li Mu asked Han Xiaoxiao to help him contact Han Bowen, who was also at Beijing University. His goal was simple. He wanted him to agree to follow them.

For Li Mu, it was a good thing that a TV station wanted to follow and shoot a special feature.

After visiting the TV Station's Family Compound, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu moved to the next neighborhood. While walking, his phone kept vibrating in his pocket. After opening it, he realized that it was Sun Tan.

Li Mu had not seen Sun Tan or received any news about him since he ruined the Student Aid Association and forced Sun Tan to temporarily disappear to avoid the limelight. Li Mu did not expect that Sun Tan would call him at this time.

Sun Tan went home to hide for a few days. He originally wanted to wait for things to calm down before returning to the National People's Congress. However, he didn't expect life to be full of traps. The Student Aid Association was destroyed, but the media still hadn't recovered from the topic of "campus labor traffickers." There were still a lot of related reports and it was very popular. The leader of the National People's Congress felt embarrassed and authorized the Academic Affairs Office to investigate this matter.