Chapter 462

At this time, Chen Guanghua was very excited. In front of this dining table, he felt like an emperor pointing out his country, leading his brave and skillful men to conquer cities and seize territories. At the same time, he felt that he was about to get on the money-making express train. By cooperating with this Japanese company, he would open up a new world. From then on, he would be like a fish swimming in the sea and a bird flying in the sky. How magnificent the future was!

But things were often so dramatic. Just as he led a group of men out of the hotel restaurant and was about to take a car to the Japanese company, the Japanese receptionist called the accompanying translator. The translator, who was about to get on the car, was stunned when he received the call. Chen Guanghua couldn't help but urge him, "Little Han, what are you waiting for? Get on the car quickly."

The accompanying translator, who was called Little Han, said to Chen Guanghua with a sad face, "Mr. Chen, the Japanese receptionist called and said that the contract can't be signed, so we don't have to go."

"What?!" Chen Guanghua was shocked and shouted angrily, "What the hell are they doing?

We've talked for so long. How can they say that they won't sign it?

Ask them what's going on! "

Little Han nodded and asked in Japanese on the phone. After that, he said to Chen Guanghua, "They said that their parent company has adjusted its strategy and is not going to build a joint venture with us. They want to investigate more powerful companies."

"F * ck them!" Chen Guanghua's head was buzzing. He said hurriedly, "Get on the car!

Go to their company and ask for an explanation. Are they playing with me like a monkey? "

Little Han hurriedly got into the car. Ten minutes later, they arrived at the company's building. Chen Guanghua took the lead. He got off the car and was about to rush directly into the company's door. However, he was stopped by the security guard at the door. The security guard bowed and said a lot of Japanese, which Chen Guanghua couldn't understand. He shouted to Little Han, "Tell this watchdog to get out of the way!"

Little Han hurriedly went forward to negotiate, but to no avail. Instead, the other party called a few security guards over through the walkie-talkie. They stood side by side at the door, not giving Chen Guanghua a chance to enter.

Little Han said to Chen Guanghua, "Mr. Chen, he said that we need to make an appointment to go in, and our previous appointment has been canceled by their staff. That is to say, the person in charge of the negotiation with us personally canceled today's meeting."

"Damn it!

Those bastards! "

Chen Guanghua's veins were bulging. This feeling was like having an appointment with a friend to go on a road trip, but the problem was that you didn't have a car. So, in order to prove your worth, you worked hard for several days, planning all kinds of travel plans, packing all kinds of luggage, and preparing all kinds of food and drinks for the trip. In the end, on the morning of the departure, you went to your friend's house to look for him, but he had already left you and set off on his own.

Little Han continued to negotiate with the other party, telling them that they had been negotiating with their company for many days, and the cooperation would start soon. At the critical moment, they suddenly turned hostile, so they had to give them an explanation.

At this time, a person came out of the Japanese company, communicated with Little Han, and told him, "I'm sorry, we only reached an agreement before, but we didn't sign any contract or memorandum. Now we've changed our strategy, and it's not against any principle that we can't sign a contract with you. Please don't continue to pester us at the door of our company, or we'll call the police to deal with it."

Seeing that Chen Guanghua had lost his mind, Little Han argued with the other party alone, "We've been in Japan for so many days. You have to give us an explanation, right?"

The other party thought for a moment and said, "If you provide your round-trip flight itinerary and hotel receipts, as well as proof of your recent expenses in Japan, our company can reimburse the expenses."

Little Han was dumbfounded.

It was obvious that they were going to turn hostile. What was wrong?

A few days ago, as an interpreter, he followed up the whole process. The attitude of the Japanese had been very good, except for some strict requirements on the details. But the more it was like that, the more it meant that the Japanese really had the intention to cooperate, so they paid strict attention to the details of the contract.

However, in just one night, everything that had been discussed before had changed?

What kind of trick was this?

Didn't they say that the Japanese were strict and trustworthy? How did they learn to play monkey in the business world?

Chen Guanghua was still shouting loudly. All his efforts and dreams had been in vain. One could imagine his mood. He really hoped to open up a huge new market and get a share of it. He didn't expect that he would get off to a bad start and be cheated by the Japanese company.

According to Chen Guanghua's temper, he couldn't wait to beat them up and then find a big brick to break the glass door of the other party's company. But his subordinates kept reminding him that this was Japan, an unfamiliar place. If they really fought, not to mention everything else, just the Japanese police alone would be enough to cause trouble. If it was a light punishment, they would be deported, and if it was a heavy punishment, they might even have to go to court.

Little Han's negotiation was fruitless, so he also came over to Chen Guanghua and said, "President Chen, I think they are determined not to cooperate. Just now, the Japanese said that they want us to provide the flight itinerary and hotel proof, and they will reimburse our travel expenses in Japan for the next few days …"

"Reimburse travel expenses …" When Chen Guanghua heard these three words, he almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

Who the f * * k lacks this money?

Are the Japanese deliberately trying to piss me off?

This is the same as buying a lottery ticket with two yuan to exchange for a five million grand prize. What the f * * k is the difference between people saying that there is a problem with your lottery ticket and refunding you two yuan?

Chen Guanghua shouted angrily at the entrance of the Japanese company. He was unwilling to leave no matter what. He couldn't accept the Japanese's deceptive attitude and tricks. But at the moment, apart from cursing and protesting here, he really couldn't think of any other way.

At this time, the industrial area in the southeast of Yan Jing ushered in a surprise fire inspection. A large number of inspectors directly rushed to Chen Guanghua's factory. After a careful inspection for two hours, they picked out a lot of fire safety problems and ordered them to immediately stop production and rectify. They could only start production when there were no hidden safety problems.

People from the environmental protection department also came and said that they had handled industrial waste in violation of regulations. At the same time, they asked them to rectify. Based on their shortcomings, they reasonably and legally issued a 300,000 yuan fine.

The transportation department also came. Most of the more than 20 delivery trucks in the factory had been modified in violation of regulations. Some of them were over the limit, and some of them did not pass the operating procedures. Therefore, the vehicles were temporarily detained and sealed, waiting to be dealt with.

Lu Junmin, Chen Guanghua's right-hand man who stayed in the country to help him manage the factory, was about to go crazy. He had to deal with so many people from so many departments, and at the same time, he also had to find time to call the leaders of these departments for help. He had been filial to them all the time, and he had also been bribing them in various aspects. At this time, he couldn't allow his subordinates to find fault with him. If a factory was really operating according to the various national standards, he would have lost so much money that he wouldn't even have his underwear left. Isn't everyone producing in such a vague way? Why are you all ganging up on us?

As a result, the relevant leaders that he found all said that they would not take the blame. First of all, this surprise inspection was not ordered by them. Second, the people who went to the scene for inspection were instructed by the higher-ups. They were not capable enough to handle it. Sorry.

When Lu Junmin was in a mess, someone from FAW called him again. "I heard that something happened in your factory?

Can our latest batch of spare parts be delivered on time?

Our truck production line will be operating at full capacity this month. If you fail us, we will have to compensate you! "

Lu Junmin quickly smiled and assured them. "Don't worry. Our problems are small. They will be solved soon. There will not be any delay in the supply."

After hanging up, Dongfeng's people also called … …

Lu Junmin was so busy that he was almost drenched in sweat two or three times. All the bad things happened one after another. He tried everything he could to deal with it, but it was useless.

In the morning, the production was stopped, the fleet was stopped, the equipment was blocked, and the warehouse was also blocked. The whole production process was blocked. Now, even the purchasing party was pressuring them. This was a group attack!

What happened?

Did she poke a hole in the sky or something?

The factory was stopped. Lu Junmin could only report to Chen Guanghua in Japan and ask for help.

Chen Guanghua was cursing at the entrance of the Japanese company. He did not answer the first call, the second call, and the third call. He ignored the third call. When he picked up the call, he was very dissatisfied. He scolded Lu Junmin. "Do you know how expensive international roaming is? Can't you see that I don't want to answer the call?

You have no eyesight at all. If I don't want to answer the call, why are you calling me again and again? "

Lu Junmin did not expect Chen Guanghua to be so angry. But he could not dwell on this. He could only say in a muffled voice. "Mr. Chen, something big happened in the factory."

Chen Guanghua's expression turned cold. "What happened?"

Lu Junmin told Chen Guanghua over the phone. Chen Guanghua was stunned. How could it be?

How could all the departments and companies related to the factory gather at the same time to cause trouble? Wasn't it obvious that someone was messing with him?

Who was it?

Who was so capable?

His connections were useless at this time. His own people were in Japan. How could he offend people in China?

After thinking about it again, Chen Guanghua's expression suddenly became serious. Then, it was followed by fear.

Something was wrong!

The Japanese company suddenly changed its mind. Everything had been negotiated, but they suddenly turned their backs on him. It was even worse at home. Almost everyone who could cause trouble came to cause trouble. This was someone with great power messing with him!

But Chen Guanghua could not understand. Who did he offend?

What kind of hatred did they have to be so ruthless?

Chen Guanghua gritted his teeth and said to Lu Junmin, "Don't panic. Wait for me to come back."

After that, he hung up the phone. The momentum of cursing disappeared instantly. He said to the people around him with a cold face, "We can't stay in Japan anymore. Hurry up and book the earliest ticket back!"

The people did not react. They did not understand what was going on with Chen Guanghua. He was just cursing and demanding an explanation from the Japanese company. Why did he suddenly give up?

Zhang Shan could not help but ask, "Brother-in-law, are we just going to let this go?

That's too easy for the Japanese! "