Chapter 386

"Old Boys" had successfully set off a wave of youth fever in the country. Be it those who were still in their teens or those who had already passed puberty, after seeing this movie, they were all successfully captured by this micro movie and became its loyal audience.

Those who had the conditions had already downloaded the source from Easy Listening and watched it several times in front of their computers. As for those who did not have the conditions, the only thing they could do was to wait for the rebroadcast. Among them were those who had missed the premiere on the third night of the new year, but were tempted by the people around them. Therefore, at this time, a conservative estimate was that there were tens of millions of users hoping to see the rebroadcast.

Therefore, any television station that could replay "Old Boys" two hours in advance, or even an hour in advance, would be able to enjoy the huge cake of tens of millions of users. With such a huge influx of users, it would be a huge boost to the viewership ratings. Moreover, to a television station, there was nothing more important than viewership ratings.

Under normal circumstances, if it was such a popular film or drama, the purchasing cost of the television station would not be low, especially if they wanted to obtain the exclusive broadcast or the exclusive premiere rights, they would have to pay a relatively high fee to the copyright holder. Although the market was not hot yet, if a television station wanted to broadcast a large-scale TV series on a satellite, the cost of an episode would definitely be more than a million. And if it was a 4 + 1 broadcast method, that was four satellite channels and one local channel, the price would be slightly lower, but it would still be a few hundred thousand per episode.

Satellite broadcasting meant exclusive copyright, and 4 + 1 meant sharing the viewership ratings. Generally speaking, television stations hoped to be exclusive to good movies, but if the cost was too high, they could only settle for 4 + 1. If they could not even afford this bit of money, then they could only wait for someone else to be popular, and then use it to fry cold rice at a low price.

The viewership ratings of large-scale TV series were also unpredictable, unless it was a ratings overlord like "My Fair Princess", other TV series would find it difficult to guarantee the viewership ratings before they were broadcasted. However, "Old Boys" was different. It had already been verified and was being chased by countless people overnight. If it was a rebroadcast, the viewership ratings would definitely not be low.

If this 45-minute micro movie was measured by a TV series with high ratings, then its significance was definitely greater than an episode of a TV series. Therefore, Li Mu's psychological price was at least one million yuan, with no upper limit.

After Ning Hao understood what Li Mu was planning, he immediately assumed the responsibility of the commercial director of Makino Image and communicated with the major TV stations who came to his door. The starting price was a unified offer of five million yuan. If it was too expensive, he could bargain, but in the end, the highest bidder would win. Of course, Li Mu focused on Xiangnan Satellite TV, and the balance naturally tilted to Xiangnan Satellite TV, which depends on the offer given by Xiangnan Satellite TV.

Early in the morning, Ning Hao's exorbitant offer set off a frenzy in the television circle.

The commercial channels and copyright procurement channels of major TV stations were all interconnected in private. Although they were competitors, they were also each other's sources of information in private, and they were even partners who cooperated to lower the price. Makino Image offered five million yuan for the priority rebroadcast rights of "Old Boys", and many of the relevant TV stations were privately cursing.

A price of five million yuan for a forty-five-minute micro movie, and it was only the priority rebroadcast rights. This price was really a bit too high. Some TV stations' psychological price could only offer about one million yuan, and the higher price was two million yuan at most. They really didn't dare to go any higher, for fear that the loss would outweigh the gain.

Li Mu was not in a hurry. It was only early in the morning on the fourth day of the Chinese New Year, and the entire Hua Xia had not yet recovered from her winter sleep. When she woke up, the popularity of "Old Boys" would continue. This micro movie would become the focus of public opinion in a short period of time. It was obviously just the beginning, so in another half a day, the TV stations might involuntarily raise the offer.

During the Spring Festival holiday, the active start time of the Internet was delayed by living habits to around eleven o 'clock in the morning. Eleven o' clock was a watershed. Most people got up, ate, and finished the things at hand before going online. Many of them went straight to Tieba and were active in the four Tieba forums: Simple Plan, Du Wei, Zhang Kexuan, and Old Boys.

Although Du Wei's forum was just created last night, by eleven o 'clock in the morning, the number of posts had already exceeded three hundred thousand. This popularity had caught up with Simple Plan, Zhang Kexuan, and Old Boys, becoming the most popular Tieba forum since last night. There was no one else that could come close to it.

Although it wasn't the era where everyone was creating stars, there were still quite a number of newcomers debuting every year. But no matter who it was, no one could be like Du Wei, teaming up with an A-list group like Simple Plan the moment she debuted. Moreover, she had the looks and aura to back her up. She also had the support of a super popular micro movie IP and two hit singles. With so many people working together, she instantly pushed Du Wei to the peak.

At this time, Zhao Kang's fake reviewers were also working in the dark. There was a wave of discussion about "Old Boys" on various Tieba forums and forums. The netizens had nothing else to do but discuss "Old Boys" on various platforms and media. Even in Legend of Mir, there were many players discussing it. "Did you watch" Old Boys "?"

"I did. It's so damn good."

"Motherf * cker, I cried three times."

"Sigh, I really like Du Wei …"

"Du Wei's" In My Voice "was too good to listen to!"

"I like 'In the Rush' a little more!"

"Du Wei is my goddess!

I wonder when she will release a new song! "

The Easy Listening website also benefited greatly from the premiere of "Old Boys." Although it didn't benefit many people watching it online, the number of downloads of "Old Boys" quickly reached the millions and was still increasing. The most impressive thing was that the two songs by Du Wei on the Easy Listening website had been played like a rocket. By 12 o 'clock, the two songs had been played more than ten million times and downloaded more than three million times.

At the beginning of the new year, these two songs had already shown a strong momentum of dominating the charts. Almost all the radio stations were playing these two songs. Moreover, they would play them on repeat every once in a while, as if afraid that the audience wouldn't be able to hear them and would change the channel.

The craze had only just begun.

Not only did the audience and listeners flock to it, even the people from the major film and recording companies were dumbfounded.

There were no truly mature micro movies in the country at the moment. "Old Boys" was the first of its kind. In the past, the modus operandi of the film industry was: Big budget movies would be directly released in the cinemas. Small budget movies that couldn't be released in the cinemas would be directly sold to the television stations, especially to the movie channels. After the big budget movies were taken off the cinemas, they would be sold to the television stations for a low price. The more it was released, the cheaper the copyright would be.

However, no matter if it was a big or small production, no one had ever thought about the length of a movie. Industry insiders also felt that anything less than 90 minutes was not a movie. Therefore, everyone's movie length started from 90 minutes, with the longest lasting being a few hours.

A 45-minute "movie" like "Old Boys" was a complete anomaly. Its length was the same as a television series, but the key was that it narrated a complete plot in 45 minutes. It was short and concise, like an exquisite and slender beauty, without a single bit of fat on her body.

Moreover, the modus operandi of "Old Boys" was also very interesting. By letting the major television stations broadcast it for free, it meant that they had completely given up on the possibility of earning any profit from the broadcasting rights. At first glance, it might seem stupid, but after careful observation, people would suddenly realize that they were actually using this method of free licensing to instantly expand their influence, causing "Old Boys" to explode in popularity overnight.

Now, Makino Image was even more cunning. After becoming popular, they immediately had the idea of prioritizing the rebroadcast rights. If things went well, not only would they be able to recoup their costs, they would also be able to realize profits.

However, the film companies and recording companies did not care about the profitability of "Old Boys". What they cared about the most were the two rising stars, Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei.

Needless to say, Zhang Kexuan was already very popular. He had just participated in the Spring Festival Gala, and the movie he starred in had also premiered. Furthermore, the response was extremely good. Now, no male singer could compete with him in the limelight. The recording companies had long wanted to sign him, and now, this desire had become even stronger. The film companies could also see the potential in him and really wanted to sign him.

Du Wei's market potential was not any smaller than Zhang Kexuan's. Her voice had the ability to become an A-list singer, and her appearance had the potential to become an A-list idol. Although her acting skills were still a little inexperienced, they were definitely much better than most idol actors. With some training, she could also become a strong actor. Such a talent was born to walk the path of film, television, and singing.

The connections of the film and recording companies were very strong. They quickly found Du Wei and used various methods to extend an olive branch to Du Wei.

Many recording companies wanted to sign Du Wei as a singer, and promised to help her collect eight outstanding songs to release an album within a year. There were also many film companies that wanted to sign Du Wei as an actress, promising not less than two cinema movies a year, and at least two TV series. In just one morning, the number of contracts flying towards the Du family was like snowflakes. Not only did it scare Du Wei, even Du Wei's parents and her sister, Dufy, were shocked.

Initially, Dufy only wanted to fight for more chips for her sister's music career, so she asked Li Mu to write songs for her. But she never expected that Li Mu would single-handedly turn her sister into a future A-list celebrity. So many companies swarmed towards her, it really caught her off guard.

Du Wei and Dufy's parents had their own views on this matter. They felt that it wasn't a bad thing for Du Wei to become famous, but she had to control her own direction. She mustn't casually agree to any company and hand over her future music or acting career to any company. However, Makino Image was an exception.